



CORPORATION WARS
(Vol. 1)
A Hero

By
Stephen Arseneault



Published By:
 Stephen Arseneault

Copyright © 2020 Stephen Arseneault

“I slept for a thousand years. When I woke, the people were all different, but they were still the same.”
—S.A.

View the author's website at
www.arsenex.com
Visit the author's Facebook page at www.facebook.com/stephenarseneault10
Follow on Twitter @SteveArseneault
Ask a question or leave a comment at
comments@arsenex.com


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used, reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the written permission of the publisher, except where permitted by law, or in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Novels written by Stephen Arseneault

SODIUM (Six Novels)
A wilderness hike. What could go wrong? How about alien machines stalking Humans...
Man is suddenly no longer alone in the universe. Advanced enemies plague our very existence. We have to muster all our strength, determination, and courage if we are to survive. And if those can be managed, there is a galaxy to be conquered.
This six-book saga takes humanity from their first encounter with aliens back in 1957, all the way to a fight for our all-out survival in the future. If you love tales written in the style of the science fiction masters, prepare yourself for full immersion in this fantastic adventure.

AMP (Eight Novels)
In a distant galaxy, Humans are on the run. An insane species follows. They will not stop... ever...
Trapped on an immense station with limited resources, our only option has been to flee. Years of peace are over. War is again coming to the Grid. This time however, humanity will stand and fight.
The exciting eight-book AMP series chronicles the struggles of Don Grange, a simple package deliveryman, who is thrust into an unimaginable role in the fight against man's enemies. Can we win peace and freedom after a thousand years of war?
Continuing as a legacy of the SODIUM series, the story picks up a thousand years into the future. Don't just sit at home scratching your head about what to do because you are bored, go on a mental rampage, travel the stars, take a risk and dive head-first into this non-stop-action saga.

OMEGA (Eight Novels)
A thousand years of peace has crumbled. The new alliance is not what it seems...
When corruption, politics, and war threaten to throw the allied galaxies into chaos, Inspection Detective Knog Beutcher gets caught in the middle. Espionage, intrigue, political assassinations, rebellions and full-on revolutions, they are all coming Knog's way.
Told from the unique perspective of an alien, this thrilling eight book series is cast a thousand years in the future beyond the exciting AMP series. Prepare to be reading until the wee hours.

HADRON (Eight Novels)
All power and communications are nullified. Billions die from starvation. Life on Earth is shaken to its core...
As altruistic as most of us believe ourselves to be, we would rapidly become our own worst enemies. In the event of a collapse, how far would you be willing to push your morals to survive? To feed and shelter your family? 
After scientists using the Large Hadron Collider discover dark matter, the world is plunged into chaos. Massive waves of electromagnetic interference, coming from space, take out all grid power and forms of communication the world over. Cities go dark, food and clean-water supplies are quickly used up. Marauders rule the highways. Fearing invasion, our militaries are ordered to hold at their bases. Our politicians go underground. 
This eight book adventure begins as a modern day, Human survival story and then morphs into an all-out fight for rule of our section of the Milky Way. If you love reading apocalypse, mil-SF, and space opera, and reading late into the night, this saga was made for you. Are you a survivor?

ARMS (Eight Novels)
What do you do with badass heroes when they are finished being heroes? That's not up to anyone but them...
Bioengineered Humans, bred for fighting war. The war has ended in a truce. After training for and fighting a war their entire lives, Harris Gruberg and Tawnish Freely find themselves expelled from the military when a truce is declared between the two Human factions. They struggle to find work among a civilian population who fears them. Running guns to the outer colonies turns out be their salvation. But those weapons threaten to bring back the Great War. Our heroes are determined to not let that happen. 
In this action-filled adventure series, intrigue and mayhem abound as the unwitting pair struggle to do what's just and right. Follow along as these former heroes stumble their way through a Human existence that may not be what it seems.

FREEDOM (Six Novels)
Humans. Enslaved 10,000 years. Addicted. We've had no desire to be free. Until now...
Bought, sold, traded, and hunted for sport. Human value is only measured in credits. A mysterious virus is sweeping through our population, making us immune to the drug and aware of our condition. For the first time in 500 generations we feel the call of freedom.
Jamus Turnbull has a mission. He desires to free all Humans from their plight. He believes he has kept his awareness hidden for seven seasons, but his alien master, Hallik, secretly knows of his condition. When Jamus and several other "aware" slaves are rounded up by Hallik, they are convinced they will be turned over to the authorities and dissected for study. Master Hallik has other plans...
The legends of our past may light our path to a free and prosperous future-- if we still posses the commitment and fortitude required to win back our lives, but the road to freedom is never simple. Journey with Jamus as he strives to break his chains-- and ours.
Yell it out with me as you jam your fist in the air. FREEDOM!!!

QUANTUM (Four Novels)
A lifetime lived in under a minute? Impossible, everyone thought. Until now... 
An Opamari scientist has found a way. By cloning a subject and sending the clone back in time, the subject can live the clone's entire life in less than a minute of sleep. But all actions have consequences. Playing with the past can be disastrous for the present. 
When a ruthless tycoon steals the technology, the future of the galaxy is at risk. Will humans, after being slaughtered by the Opamari more than 50,000 years before, be resurrected by the tycoon's actions? 
If you love sci-fi, time travel, and historical fiction, the Quantum saga will keep you burning through the pages late into the night.

THE SQUAD (Fifteen+ Novelettes)
A series of Lunch-Read Novelettes, Space Marine adventures. Follow The Squad in their fight for all humanity.

CORPORATION WARS (Eight Novels)
A hostile alien species invades human space. Our military hasn't fought a war in centuries. Politics pervades our failing response. Some will lose everything. Others will surrender everything.

Rayford Tyvos Jackson just wants to provide his family with a decent life, but that life will be ripped from him. In the series he will be a hero, a rebel, a traitor, a convict, a pirate, a mercenary, a renegade, and a cyborg, all in a harrowing adventure that spans more than a thousand years. Something you will learn about Ray is he will not give up, no matter the odds. Will his determination be enough? Can his destiny be controlled? Does humanity itself have the means to survive in an evermore hostile galaxy?

If you like the common man being forced into a hero's role, you will love this series. Pick up a plasma rifle and join the fight with Ray. You won't be sorry. Get reading on this epic adventure today!

Find them all at www.arsenex.com

Chapter   1
_______________________

Submit. I pressed the button with a grin, completing the final exam of a mechanical engineering program. I had asked my wife, Denise, over the comm device on my wrist, to pick me up from the college complex. She was on her way, flying a rented shuttle, something she drew immense pleasure from.
As I walked from a classroom into a hallway, a familiar voice yelled out from behind me. “Mr. Rayford T. Jackson.”
I turned and saw my friend, Thomas Clarence Goodall. I called him TC. His face held a grin as wide as mine. He slapped me on the shoulder as he joined me and we walked down the hall together.
“Our troubles have just begun,” He joked.
Thomas stood a full head above me. His sandy blonde hair was in stark contrast to my deep brown. He had a slender, model-like build with squared shoulders, a handsome face, and blue eyes that the ladies loved. The few who were on Baxter Colony were constantly flirting with him. And he was always one to flirt back, but in a reserved and coy way.
“We did it, Thomas,” I said. “Time to let loose.”
I was medium height and weight, with brown eyes. Most would say I was unremarkable, making me your dull, boring, average guy. I liked to think it made me every guy or any guy, not that it was of any benefit.
Thomas gave a nod. “Let loose? I have a shuttle to catch, but what'd you have in mind?”
Next up for me was the cold, cruel world of job hunting. But not before a bit of celebration. We were to drop TC at the spaceport, but I hoped to convince him to come with us to a local bar, at least for a short while. We made our way down a long hall toward the building exit.
“Whoa.”
I took a step to the side to avoid colliding with a custodial bot. It came from a side room and passed as it cleaned the floor going behind us. I wondered how something being sophisticated enough to be autonomous, couldn't avoid people.
I glanced over at TC. “You believe that? Little buggers are just rude. Probably something your father built.”
We exchanged a few friendly shoves before pushing open the exit door. A bone-chilling wind hit us, finding its way into every tiny crevice and crack in our clothing. Going outside was something everyone rarely did on Baxter. Transport shuttles normally picked us up and dropped us off in warmed docking bays.
TC stopped, exposing his wrist comm as he looked at an incoming message on his display. His expression soured.
“Everything okay?” I asked.
He ignored my question.
With one hand, I pulled tight on my collar. “Wow that's freaking frigid.” With the other, I shielded my eyes from the bright Baxter Colony sun reflecting off the snow. We left the building exit at a slow run. TC scowled as he wrapped a scarf around his neck a second time.
My best friend raised his voice as we kicked up snow. “I hate this place.”
We made our way down a set of powder-covered, concrete steps and out onto the pick-up area where we were to meet Denise and the shuttle she piloted. The crystalline, white flakes came up to our knees.
Baxter Colony was an icy world where the temperatures stayed below zero for thirteen of the seventeen-month Baxter year. It was the tail end of the winter season. In every direction, the buildings and lands around the college had been whitewashed with another fresh blanket of snow, piled half-a-meter thick above the frozen base layers.
I frisked my arms, attempting to generate heat as I glanced back at the steel lettering on the side of the building. It read, “Goodall Engineering Facility.”
Baxter University was the most prestigious of engineering schools. I made it to Baxter on scholarship. Thomas's family had money. His father, Aarlis Goodall, owned the Aarlis Corporation, the largest engineering firm and defense contractor in all the Union. His generous donation built the complex we had studied in.
The Union was our empire. Nearly a thousand years earlier, humans spread from Earth to the stars. After numerous colonial fights, we managed to settle our differences. From that the Union was born, two centuries ago.
We now inhabited thirty-five colonies on twenty planets, nine moons, and six orbital stations. The centralized government, the Union, kept us all just happy enough to not revolt. It was the same old story of ineptness, cronyism, and corruption, with just enough good people involved to make it tolerable.
TC grumbled. “Where is she?”
“On her way.” I jammed my freezing hands as deep into my pockets as I could manage.
Wars between colonies and corporations had been the driving force behind the creation of the Union. The agreements signed and the government that followed had served us well in that regard, but the government had grown inept, and the power and sway of the corporations was on the rise. For several years, there had been reports of transports heading to or from the outer colonies that had gone missing. Some blamed it on piracy while others believed it to be deliberate works of theft by some of the more powerful corporations. I had yet to form an opinion.
At twenty-three Earth-years of age, I had never paid government nor politics much mind. I had been far too busy with my family and studies. Only now I would be heading out into the Union and would have to start paying attention.
As we shivered near the bottom of the steps, I thought about Thomas. I envied him. He really didn't care. He had a job waiting, regardless of how he scored. And I had known Thomas long enough to know he wasn't a slouch. He had brains. Natural brains. Tests for him rarely warranted any effort or study.
For me, it had always been a question of determination. I desperately needed the degree and had worked my tail off to get it. I hoped that hard work would finally pay off by landing me a decent job. I had every desire to be able to provide Denise, and my daughter Paulette, with a good future.
“You heard from any employers?” Thomas asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Three. But no interviews yet. Unless I want to go all the way out to Echelon. They supposedly have work there.”
Thomas scowled. “That place is a nightmare. This right here? This cold? This is like a balmy paradise compared to Echelon. The only people making a good living out there are the people running the mining companies.”
“I thought your family owned a mine there?”
Thomas returned an irritated look. “Four. And it looks like we may buy another. Besides, you aren't going out to Echelon. You'll be coming to work at our headquarters on New Hope with me. My father has already given the okay.”
“You keep saying that. And I, more than anyone, wish it were true. But I have yet to see that formal offer you promised.”
“Yeah. I'm still working on it. Estelle has been a pain in the ass about you ever since you dumped her. She demands you not work for the company she will one day co-own... and that her brother not associate with you.”
“Seriously? That was four years ago... and after only three dates. I would have thought she'd have moved on.”
Thomas shook his head. “The Goodall women don't move on, Ray. If they don't get exactly what they want, they try to burn everything down. Between her and my mother, Estelle's the worst of the two. Spoiled. Always gets her way. I know she's my sister, but she's rotten. I should have steered you away from her when we first met.”
I chuckled as I reminded him. “We met because of her. Anyway, if you can manage an offer, that would be awesome. It will save Denise and me a lot of stress. From what I've been hearing lately, it makes me wonder if I picked the right profession.”
I had watched the news feeds every night with trepidation. The government had recently halted further exploration and colonization. They deemed the break necessary until a set of binding laws for the outer colonies, several of which were owned by corporations, could be put in place. One reporter joked “There is obviously too much freedom going on.”
As a result of the empire expansion stoppage, the calls for new engineering work had become scarce. I was not looking forward to the job hunt in a market with such low demand for my newly acquired knowledge and training. I was praying Thomas's offer would come through.
A heavy gust of frigid air clawed at my sweater. We each turned away to hide our faces from the bitter onslaught. We weren't dressed for more than a minute or two in the blustery cold.
“Gah.” Thomas rubbed his arms through his light jacket. “This is beyond bleak. I can't wait to get home to the warmth.”
I hopped in place. “When I first arrived, I thought this world was beautiful, a paradise.” I glanced around at the pristine white. “Looked clean and bright. Now I stare out the windows wishing it had color... anything but white, and some life would be nice, something moving or green. This place is as dead as dead can be.”
Thomas shivered. He fumbled with his comm display. His expression went from irritated to what looked like anger. I couldn't see the message he was reading.
“Where is she?” He seethed, his voice echoing his frustration. “You said she got your comm, right?”
“She's on her way. Any second now she'll be popping over that ridge. You could have stayed indoors until she got here, you know.”
“I could have been born smarter, but I guess I wasn't. Wait... please tell me that's her. I can't take much more of this.”
A small shuttle sped over a hilltop, flying upside down. It took a wide, curved approach, arcing in toward the pick-up area as it righted itself.
Thomas took a step back. “She's coming in awfully hot, Ray.”
“She'll stop,” I said. “Just showing off. She loves to show off her flying, but she rarely gets to.”
Thomas stumbled back a half-dozen steps as the shuttle rapidly closed. “What's she doing? She's crazy.”
The small ship turned sideways with its bottom-side tilting up at a steep angle, its retro-thrusters gave it a hard deceleration. The slowing ship swept up a rolling cloud of snow as it came in only a meter off the ground.
“Turn away and kneel.” I shouted.
“What?”
“Turn and kneel.” I shouted even louder.
I managed the ducking maneuver with only a second to spare. Indecision caught Thomas as he was again looking at his comm display. A towering wall of snow plowed into us, knocking him from his feet and burying him in the fine white powder.
The shuttle came to a stop. The engine-whine quickly spun down to silence before the cab popped open and the steps deployed. As I stood and dusted myself off, a grinning Denise hopped to the ground. She shuffled the few meters through the snow to where I stood. We embraced. When she pulled back, her grinning face brought a feeling of warmth from out of the bitter cold.
Thomas emerged from a snowdrift, spitting and brushing himself off with an angered look. “What in the Union was that? You trying to kill us?”
Denise turned with a grin. “What? Are you engineers or wusses?”
Thomas ignored her, hurrying past and up the steps into the warm shuttle. He shook more of the snow from his jacket. “Call us whatever you want. Just get us off this ice-ball.”
I followed Denise up the steps. The rental was a newer model. It was clean and well-lit, still holding onto that new-shuttle smell.
“Nice,” I said. “Hope you didn't splurge too much on this.”
“We'll manage.” She smiled as she hopped into the pilot's chair and strapped herself in.

Chapter   2
_______________________

The shuttle lifted away. I glanced back through the transparent cockpit bubble, staring for only a moment at the complex of buildings that had been my educational prison for four years. I would not miss them.
“Where's Pea?” I asked.
“Home, with Shanice. I wouldn't be flying like that if she was here. I thought I might have some fun.”
She smiled as she turned the small craft straight up, climbing to a thousand meters before nosing over and speeding toward the ground.
Thomas gripped his armrests. “What are you doing?”
Denise drove the ship harder, only pulling up at the last second. The tail of the vessel clipped a bank of snow, sending a short rumble through the cabin before climbing again. She was all grins.
I sighed. “You'll want to take it easy. Tommy Clyde here doesn't do well with motion sickness.”
“It's Clarence. And I don't do well with death either. Flip the AI on, please. Let the ship fly the way it's supposed to.”
“Fear of flying?” Denise crossed her arms and peered over her shoulder with a smirk. The shuttle angled back toward the ground.
Thomas almost came out of his seat. “Stop this. Get back on those controls.”
Denise glanced down and to the side. “You hurt my feelings. I don't know that I can go on. My life no longer has meaning.”
I rolled my eyes at the contrived, dramatic display. “Just flip it on. Give the guy a break. He's fresh out of engineering school.”
Thomas clenched a fist as his face grew flushed with anger. His eyes filled with rage. It was a look I had never seen. His usual demeanor was that of being calm, composed, and in control.
Denise nonchalantly flipped the switch. The shuttle, with a smooth action, righted itself and came to level flight. “Happy, Your Highness?”
Thomas forced out a breath he was holding. “What's gotten into you? I used to think you were fun. This is behavior of the insane.”
“I was. I am. Having fun that is. Aren't you excited to be finished? I thought I'd be picking up a couple of boys who were ready to paint the town red.”
“Is that some kind of archaic reference?” Thomas growled. “I don't even know what that means. And yes, I'm excited. Excited to get off this berg. I know Ray feels the same.”
Thomas leaned forward, glaring over the cockpit display. “Where is it exactly we're headed? This isn't the direction of the spaceport.”
“I'm taking us to Danny's Bar for a few drinks and a celebration.”
“What?” Thomas turned toward Ray. “You said nothing about this. I thought we agreed on the spaceport... while I waited for my private shuttle.”
Denise turned with another smirk. “Private shuttle? Only elitist wimps have private shuttles.”
Thomas glared at me. “Who is this woman?”
I gave Denise a half smile and a head-shake. She was pushing it and Thomas was evidently not in the mood. “I told him we'd share a few brews at the spaceport before he left. He's heading back to New Hope tonight.”
Denise dug her chin into her chest as she pulled her head back. Her shiny, jet-black hair flipped into her face. “You're ditching us?” She brushed the hair back with her hands. “Sheila's gonna be mad.”
Thomas huffed. “You were trying to fix me up with Sheila again? She's crazy. Now I'm seeing that you're crazy too. Whacked in the head. Just take me to the spaceport. Thanks.”
Thomas followed by crossing his arms. His eyes diverted toward the snowscape outside. His expression told me his level of anger had grown to the point of seething.
Denise turned back toward the console in front of her. “Pilot. Spaceport, please.”
The AI responded, “New destination. Spaceport. Arrival in eight minutes.”
She turned back to face Thomas. “Sorry. I thought you liked Sheila. Ray said you'd asked about her several times of late.”
Thomas continued to gaze out at the snowy landscape as it zipped by. “No. She's fine.” He calmed. “She's Baxter Colony fun. Back on New Hope there are dozens of Sheilas. Sheilas with a lot more money and class, just waiting for Thom Goodall to come home.”
Denise looked at me. “Should that offend me? I think I'm offended.”
She was the daughter of a Marine and prone to a strong reaction. Had we not married, I had no doubt she would have joined the Corps. Her strength was one of the traits that had drawn me to her. She was fast to act and had no issue taking charge or defending herself or others. I had the sudden thought of her balling up a fist of her own.
I raised a hand in an effort to defuse the situation. “Let's just get to the spaceport and get him to his ship... before any of us rile each other up any more.”
Our shuttle reached the dock and settled inside a heated area. As the steps came down, a blast of warm air was there to greet us. It filtered into the same cracks and crevices of my clothing the cold had found before. The shuttle was warm, but this was welcome heat.
I followed Thomas to the deck. Denise came after, brushing past me and stopping to give Thomas a kiss on the cheek and a hug. “Good luck to you back home, Tommy Goodall. I'm glad you were here as Ray's friend during all this.”
Thomas stepped back with a stoic expression as he stared down at his comm display. It was a coldness and callousness I hadn't seen in him before. He looked as though his thoughts were elsewhere. He turned and walked away without offering a word. Denise's slight smile became a confused and irritated expression. She looked at me and shrugged.
I hurried up beside Thomas as he walked. “Hey. You okay?”
“Just had enough of this place. That's all.”
We exited the docking bay, turning to the right, heading down a long hall to where his shuttle would be docking. His pace did not let up. The sounds of flight announcements echoed up and down the hall around us as we went.
“Want to grab a brew before you go?” It was a last attempt to calm the temper I didn't know he had.
“No. I have seven days of travel. I'd just rather get the trip over with. Just got an alert the shuttle is here.”
I placed one hand on his shoulder, holding out the other for a shake as we continued toward his ship. The responding courtesy was tepid, almost distant. His stride was unbroken. Thomas Goodall continued ahead without turning my way or saying another word.
I stopped, confused and hurt as I watched him walk away. My best friend for most of the prior four years had just become a stranger. I stood there for most of a minute until he turned a far corner. My walk back to Denise and the shuttle was long and full of thought.
“What just happened? TC can be a bit stuck on himself, but not like that. Getting knocked over by a snow wall? Not the first time that's happened... at least to me. And scared of flying? Not something he had ever let-on about before—and we've flown together dozens of times.”
Denise was standing with her arms crossed when I arrived back. “What an ass. What's his disorder today?”
“Don't know.” I rubbed the back of my neck. “Haven't seen him act like that. He's usually in control and rational. Has to be something else going on.”
Denise grabbed my arm. “Well, come on. We're going to celebrate. And Sheila will just have to do what Sheila normally does, hit on every other guy in the bar. She won't be disappointed.”
I hesitated to step up onto the ship. “You think we could skip the drinks and just do a nice dinner with Pea? I'm kind of spent.”
Denise smiled. “You're the graduate. And Pea would love that.”
The job hunt brought no good news. It seemed there was a glut of new engineers hitting the market all at the same time. I received few replies to the hundreds of applications I sent out, with all being rejections. My prospects were looking morbidly thin.
Before I knew it, three months had passed since graduation. The lease on our rental unit on Baxter had come to an end. Without money in savings, we took a loan just to pay for the shuttle ride back to our homeworld of Demos IV. We moved in with Denise's parents.
It was humiliating to have to ask their help. And the lenders were all eager to provide credit to the new graduate. But I had seen it time and time again where those without work took the easy money only to become saddled with crushing debt. So, I sucked up my pride, stood tall, poked out my chest and took the charity as if I didn't care what others thought. If anything, it gave me more time with Denise and Pea.
With all the time on my hands I had been watching the news. A transport, this time with sixteen crewmen, had gone missing. It was the third incident reported that month. Speculation as to whether it was pirates or corporate sabotage was being passed back and forth by the commentators.
Denise's father, Don, leaned back in an easy chair with a drink in his hand that rested on the chair's arm. “This has to be the work of the corporations.”
Don was normally quiet. I wasn't expecting an opinion.
“Why would you say that?” I asked.
“Back when I was in the Corps, almost two decades ago, we had similar occurrences for several years. It was this same sort of thing. Ships went missing or were found destroyed. Turns out it was the work of corporate rivals.”
“What? I never heard about this.”
“You wouldn't have and you won't. It was all settled through negotiations. The politicians weren't willing to convict some of their biggest donors, so the word was kept quiet and the attacks just went away. My Marine company was assigned peacekeeping duty during the talks. Otherwise I'd never have heard of it either.”
“Well those are people's lives. That can't just be brushed away as if it never happened.”
“It can and it was.”
“Well, if there was an agreement, why would they start this up again?”
Don shrugged. “A new generation? Bigger rivalries? Who knows. All I know is it was a low point in my belief in our government. Not the establishment itself, just the people. I... I can't talk about this anymore.”
With that thought he growled, stood, and left the room. He wasn't a fan of the corporate or government worlds.
I walked over to stand behind Denise as I picked a freeze-dried sandwich off a plate on a counter for a bite. She was sitting at the kitchen table, looking over a display. 
“What about this one on Merchain?” She pointed at the results of a job search she had just run, turning the display so I could see.
I shook my head. “They want a minimum of four years' experience in component fatigue studies. That's electrical. My emphasis was mechanical.”
“Didn't you minor in electrical?”
“I did. But that hardly equates to four years’ experience. That posting has been up for two months now. I sent in my resume and received a rejection already. Remember? There haven't been any new postings.”
“Doesn't seem fair. You got the degree. They shouldn't admit more people to those programs than there are jobs.”
I gently squeezed her shoulder. “The market is always changing. A decade ago there was a shortage of engineers. Wages were going through the roof. They were screaming for degreed people and everyone wanted in. Now we have a glut. I remember TC saying his father hasn't given raises in three years. I just wish he had come through with that job.”
Denise sighed. “Well, to hear him talk, they aren't having any shortage of profit.” She turned to face me, looking up sorrowfully from her chair. “I blew your chance with Thomas. Makes me sick to think about it.”
I returned a forgiving smile. “Not your fault. If he was a real friend he would have given me a comm, if only to see how things were going.”
“Have you contacted him?”
“I sent several messages. No response. I think that door has closed for us.”
Denise placed her hand on my arm. “Something will come in. I'm sure of it.”
“If not, I'll soon be looking for whatever work I can get. We can't stay here forever. Wouldn't be fair to your parents.”
She took my hand into her soft, reassuring grasp. “You don't have to worry about them. They're scrimpers and savers. No debt to speak of. He has his Marine retirement and in three years his civil service pension kicks in. Another two after that, hers. They're in good shape.”

Chapter   3
_______________________

We searched the job networks for another hour before I plopped myself down in front of a news channel. The sports news was depressing. Even my teams were doing poorly. I chuckled as I wondered if somehow a vindictive TC Goodall was behind it all—his family having their hands into almost everything. That's when a business news-flash popped on the display.
A talking head gave a report. “The Aarlis Corporation announced the purchase of a new mine on Echelon II. A press release states they expect to be hiring as many as ten thousand laborers and managers, and the support staff needed by both. The company will be accepting applications starting tomorrow.”
Another newscaster followed with a question. “How would one go about getting there, Jean? Echelon is quite a ways out.”
“The job interviews will be held at every Aarlis Corporation site throughout the colonies. If the corporation accepts your application, they will provide transportation going out to Echelon, along with company housing and provisions at a standard rate.”
Denise was standing behind me. “Well. Won't hurt to apply.”
“Not sure I could do that to you and Pea.”
“What do you mean?”
“The average temperature on the surface of that planet is minus-fifty-degrees Celsius. You're trapped indoors 100 percent of the time. And while I know you could stay here, any contract for work out there is likely to be three to five years. I'd go nuts being away from the two of you for that long.”
Denise came around to sit beside me. The warmth of her body pressing against mine was both comforting and distracting. “Transport captains and crews do that. Chelsea across the way, that's what her husband does. I mean, it's not ideal by any means, but they get by.”
I gave her a skeptical look. “You said they'd split up over it a half dozen times.”
She shrugged. “That's what she told me, but I don't see them as a strong couple anyway. You mean the world to me and Pea, and I know you feel the same about us. If we have to sacrifice to get ourselves on a solid foundation... so be it.”
I put my arm around her shoulders, pulling her in close for a kiss on the cheek. “You two are my foundation. And I have no doubt you would be able to handle being here with your parents. But I would go absolutely insane. Life without you would hardly be worth living.”
Denise smiled. “That's sweet, but we need an income. Wait. With that many people possibly heading out, aren't there likely to be some openings elsewhere? You could always wait and see what comes up.”
I slowly shook my head. “Not how it works in a glutted market. Only those working bottom-feeder jobs will want to swap. And most won't be interested in the confinement of a mine. We have the freedom to move about here, doing whatever we want. Out there, you can't go anywhere but there. And anything you do while there, besides working, costs you whatever rate the corporation wants to charge. You effectively owe your soul to the company store. They own everything.”
“Don't get me wrong,” Denise replied. “I do think you should apply.”
I stared back at the newscast with a sigh. “I'll put in my application as soon as the submissions open.”
“You might even send a note to TC letting him know you're doing so.”
I laughed. “And blow my chances? Might be better if I applied under an assumed name.”
“If he's mad at anyone, it's me. Not you. I'm the one who gave him the snow-bath and terror-ride.”
We were interrupted by a chirping on my comm. I looked at Denise with my eyebrows raised. “It's TC.”
She glared at me as the comm chirped twice again. “Well, answer it, you idiot.”
I transferred the comm to the display we were watching. An image of Thomas Goodall appeared on the screen. “Mr. Rayford T. Jackson. Hope all is well. Have you found work yet?”
“I... a... no. Still looking. I just saw the newscast of your latest purchase. Congratulations.”
“Yes. Thank you. And about that... first let me apologize for my behavior back at Baxter. I was in a bad place.”
“Did something happen?”
“Yes. My father decided he wanted me at Echelon. I was being sent out with the negotiating team, and I've since been made the President of Aarlis Mining. Tell Denise I'm sorry for how I acted. I was a bit distracted by that news. No excuse, just a reason.”
“She's right here.”
Denise leaned in front of the display. “Glad you came to your senses, Thomas. And apology accepted.”
“Ray,” Thomas continued. “the reason I commed was to see if you were interested in working for Aarlis Mining. If you heard the news, you know we are hiring as many as ten thousand laborers to start. I expect that estimate to be low—possibly by a factor of three. I need you to come out there with me, as a member of my staff. My father has decided I will be in charge of the entire Echelon operation.”
“Five mines?”
“Soon to be six. The entire planet. He landed a huge military hardware contract and we'll be needing the raw materials necessary to fill it. In addition to the mines, we're opening up two ore processing foundries on Merchain. I hoped that would be my posting, but he gave it to Estelle. She seems to be his favorite.”
I chuckled. “Why wouldn't she be?”
Thomas raised an eyebrow. “So, do you have interest in working on Echelon? Comes with housing and a food allowance. And a standard salary when considering the prior two.”
Denise leaned in. “Any kind of travel allowance?”
Thomas was silent for several seconds. “I could allow three weeks off every six months. Contracts will be for five years. I can also tell you the housing will be slightly larger than standard in the executive building. But make no mistake... it isn't big, and the entire stay will be indoors.”
“So, am I finally going to receive that formal offer?”
Thomas smiled. “I'll have my aide send it your way. And Ray, I'm very interested in you coming aboard. I know how committed you are. You'll be an asset to the team.”
I nodded. “Can't wait to see the offer.”
“Denise, it was good seeing you. And Ray, I look forward to your acceptance.”
Thomas closed the comm.
Denise was grinning. “Well that's a good turn of events.”
“I'll admit to not having expected that. But a five-year contract? That's a long time. And the cold out there is insane. And there's been another transport gone missing. We need to talk this over.”
“You are taking this, right? It's on his executive staff, Ray. This would be a starting position most would kill for. You'll be working directly for the President of Aarlis Mining.”
“Let's wait and see what the offer says. It's been promised before.”
Denise stood and walked toward our bedroom.
I followed her with my eyes. “Where you going?”
“To put on some nicer clothes. We finally have something to go out and celebrate.”
I laughed. “Too bad we can't comm Sheila.”
Denise stopped and turned. “I think we can entertain ourselves without her. Would take her a week to fly out here anyway, but I bet she'd come if asked.”
Even though it was still early, we headed out to a local pub as Denise's parents watched Pea. An hour passed before the offer arrived. Other than the travel, the terms were far from generous.
Denise sat with her arms crossed. “It's almost insulting. With the cost of room and board deducted, and then taxes, we only net about 15 percent.”
“Gives me incentive to work hard and move up.”
“Bah. Move up to where? You'll already be on his executive staff.”
“Then I make myself valuable, indispensable. And let's be honest. We won't have anywhere to go or anything to do. That 15 percent will be all savings.”
“And what about Pea? She'll be stuck indoors with me all day. What kind of life is that for a child?”
I sighed. “Are you trying to talk me out of this now? You stay indoors all the time as it is. When was the last time you took her to the park? Last month?”
“There were dogs there. They scared her. Believe me, I tried to get her over that fear, but she's only three. And sorry if I seem to be contradictory. The more I think about this the more uncertain I become.”
I glanced around the bar. “If you stayed here on Demos, I could opt for smaller quarters out there. That would save us some money. And the two of you would be where you have family and friends. I could handle a few weeks of travel every six months to see you.”
I leaned back on the bench of the booth we inhabited, spinning my drink glass in my hand. “And there's one thing I'm certain of, TC doesn't want to be there either. He'll be looking for ways to move his executive staff to a warm, more heavily populated colony. If this was a standard engineering job, I would definitely be stuck at Echelon. And with no travel allowance.”
The discussion went on for another hour before we made the decision to accept the offer. Denise insisted the three of us would move. The transition would be difficult but was something we would endure together. In addition, I promised if they didn't like it on Echelon, I would send them home.
The shuttle ride back to her parent's house had me smiling. At last I had a job, something I desperately needed. After talking it over with her parents that evening, I pressed a button on my comm, sending notice of my acceptance.

Chapter   4
_______________________

Three days had passed since I agreed to work for Thomas. I skipped the interview process, having a connection at the top. All that was left was the long ride to Echelon.
We said our goodbyes to Denise's family. The most difficult was for her mother who was also having to give up her granddaughter. Tears flowed, deep hugs and blessings were exchanged. A hover-taxi was waiting in front of the house.
Don pulled me in for a short hug after setting two bags on the ground. “Not to alarm you, but there was another ship attacked late last night. They managed to slip away from whoever it was, so no deaths or injuries. I'm only mentioning it so you can keep on the alert should something happen. Take care of my daughter and granddaughter.”
I smiled. “Would probably be the other way around. Denise would be the protector.”
He chuckled and gave me a slap on the shoulder as we hoisted the bags into the cargo space of the taxi.
Twenty minutes later, I walked the spaceport with Denise as Pea sat on my shoulders. We boarded the shuttle for Echelon II along with several dozen other families. As we settled in for the journey, our bags were brought to our cabin. It was a nine-day trip to the most remote colony in the empire.
Denise smiled as we each looked out the tiny window of our cabin. “I'm glad we're going with you. I hadn't even realized eighteen days of your three-week travel allowance would have been spent in flight to and from here.”
I nodded. “Three days of seeing you both wouldn't have been enough. I just hope the two of you can handle the confinement.”
“We'll be fine. According to TC's assistant, there are around two thousand families in our housing complex. So there should be lots of other children for Pea to play with. And the network channels are all available as well, even if they are on a four-day delay from Merchain.”
The ship rumbled as its gravity drives kicked in.
Paulette clung to the edge of the window, her eyes scanning for every bit of movement on the spaceport grounds beside us.
As the shuttle lifted, she clapped her hands and shouted, "We're moving."
I settled back for the ride up through the atmosphere. I had one thing on my mind. The story Don had told as we left the house. His concern had my mind racing with thoughts of an attack. I glanced over at my wife and daughter, wondering how I would protect them if something were to happen.
The quarters were tight. A pair of bunks, a table with bench seating, and a small restroom with a toilet, sink, and sonic shower filled out our space. The shuttle had no common area for escaping the confines of the cabin. Every nook and cranny had been stuffed with supplies for the colony.
The first several days of the ride were spent watching recorded shows, movies, and with quiet reading. During that time, I had grown to be an expert on the adventures and happenings of Jason and the Jackrabbits, a favorite animated cartoon of Pea's.
Six days into the trip, when we had finished an episode, I tucked Pea in for a nap and took a seat across the table from Denise. “You do realize life is gonna be a lot like this out there.”
“Uh, according to the diagrams the assistant sent, our quarters will be quite a bit bigger than this.”
I nodded. “They will. But not really what I meant. Until you make friends, you'll have most of the day where it is just the two of you together. No adults.”
“I just did the last three years like that. Wasn't so bad. And TC didn't say anything about you working any longer than a standard workday.”
I returned a half smile, half frown. “This is a salaried position, on an executive staff. And if I know TC, he is of a mindset that he'll be demanding a lot of my time. Especially until he gets that whole operation running the way he wants it.”
“Did he ever let you know exactly what it is you'll be doing?”
“I haven't a clue. But he isn't one to just sit around and take things easy. He'll be wanting to prove to his father that he's better suited to run Aarlis Mining than his sister.”
“How do the two compare?”
“She's driven. Just like him. Only she's smarter. She has her PhD in business from Brassington. Graduated top of her class.”
Denise chuckled and looked at me with a sarcastic grin, knowing that I had once dated Estelle. “So, what was she doing with the likes of you?”
“We met waiting on shuttle flights. Me for coach and her for a private shuttle that was unable to land due to a congested spaceport. We were in the spaceport lounge and I guess I was patient with her complaining. Tolerant is more like it.”
“I can't see you asking out a complainer.”
“I didn't. She asked me. No... wait... she kind of insisted that I go out with her. She's attractive. And she's the daughter of Aarlis Goodall. How could I say no?”
“What was she like? Why'd you stop seeing her?”
“Other than the complaining? She was just too demanding. Anyway, I had already developed a crush on this certain local girl who had caught my attention.”
Denise leaned in with a twinkle in her eye and a cute little coy smile she got when she was teasing. “You don't say. And who might that have been?”
“You know who it was.”
I drew her in close for a long kiss.
Denise pulled back with another tease. “Wait, you weren't just thinking of her were you?”
The question was promptly interrupted by a frustrated, three-year-old girl sitting up with a frown. “Stop talking. I'm napping.”
The outburst brought chuckles from us both.
After Pea was again settled, I switched the discussion to what Don had told me before our departure. “You heard there was another ship attack, right?”
“When was that?”
“Our last night before we left. It was a cargo transport running from Bitma to Dunedin. They claimed they were attacked but refused to stop, instead choosing to ram the attacking ship with theirs. Everyone on the transport escaped without injury. Your father wanted to tell me so I could keep vigilante during our flight.”
Denise chuckled. “That sounds like him. Doesn't matter that we're trapped on here for nine days. Go ahead and give us something to worry about.”
I smiled. “I told him I wasn't worried. We had you here to protect us.”
Denise glanced around the room. “Protect us with what? We gonna throw boxes at them? Now you have me wishing I'd brought along a weapon or two.”
I shook my head. “The odds of anything happening are astronomical.”
A knock at the cabin door, accompanied by a yell, startled us both. “Dinner meal.”
I opened the door to a package being pulled from a cart and plopped in my hands.
The attendant said, “Sorry folks. Fish stew again. Looks like the supplier screwed up. That'll be our dinner every evening until we reach Echelon. I've been authorized to give you extra crackers.”
Denise stood to take the box from me. “Thank you. And at least the stew isn't so bad.”
The attendant scowled. “So long as you like fish, I guess.”
He pushed the cart down the hall as I closed the door.
I turned as Denise unwrapped the food. “You sure have had a good attitude during this flight.”
“My daddy raised me to be a Marine.” She smiled. “Whining is not an option.”
“From your dad I can see that. But you've had your moments.” I grinned.
It was a dig that fell flat. Joking about her upbringing was not something Denise did. She was proud of her parents and proud of who she had become. I was proud of her for that.
At the journey's end, the shuttle dropped through the atmosphere of Echelon II, heading to the spaceport. The planet had a blue-white tint. Ice-covered mountains and plains were the norm. I smiled at the relief of having made the journey without incident.
The ship angled toward the spaceport coming in from the north. What looked tiny from a distance turned out to be an entire city. From our window we could see the buildings were connected by a series of transparent, indoor walkways. There was no going outside. Echelon's surface temperature was a deadly cold fifty below.
We passed over several, small, transparent domes as we closed on the port. From what I had been told, they were the mine shafts. Each was connected by an indoor walkway to the main complex of buildings.
I pointed. “That big one is where our housing is located.”
Denise frowned. “There aren't many windows. Looks like a big concrete block. I hope the families in there are friendly.”
“I'm sure it's the same as anywhere else.”
The shuttle landed on a tarmac and taxied several dozen meters to a stop. A connecting tube extended from a concrete wall and attached. Warning buzzers sounded. A chime came after. The tube had made a safe connection. A sudden rush of air told us the main hatch was open.
As we transited the tube into the spaceport, an escort was waiting on the other side to take us to our new quarters. Half an hour of walking and riding elevators took us from one dreary gray hallway to the next. The halls had no windows, no pictures or video posters, no colors besides the gray, nothing but doors lined either side.
Most of the walk I carried Pea. The three of us were quiet. The escort turned us down a final hall from where we entered our new home.
Denise came to a stop, looking around. “This can't be right.”
The room was the same drab color as the hall. Four featureless walls were lined with bunks, a double bed, a closet, a kitchenette, and in the center a table and chairs. A sliding door beside the closet led into a tiny bathroom.
“We were sent a diagram of an executive level suite with two bedrooms, a family room, and a kitchen.” Denise grumbled. “It also had several windows looking outside.”
The escort frowned. “Miscommunications, Ma'am. Have been hearing that all morning. The executive level is yet to be under construction.”
I sighed. “So, this is temporary? For how long?”
The escort shrugged. “I'm sorry. I don't have that information. I was told to bring you to this room.”
Denise growled. “Not much bigger than our cabin on that shuttle.”
The escort again shrugged.
I placed my hand on her shoulder. “I'll see what I can do.” I turned back to the man standing in the doorway. “When can we expect our things?”
“Has been running anywhere from several hours to as long as two days.”
Denise stepped forward. “Two days? We just walked here in half an hour. How could it possibly take two days to unload that shuttle?”
The escort shrugged. “Couldn't say. Anyway, if you'd like I can show you the amenities in this room.”
Denise let out a huff. “Thanks. But it looks as though everything is within eyesight. We can find it on our own.”
“Okay then. When you come out here, turn right. It will take you to the cafeteria on this level as well as to the shopping plaza. Mr. Jackson, you are expected upstairs in the morning at 7 a.m. sharp, top level.
“You'll be receiving the access code for level one when you reach the elevator. That code on your comm, along with your face, will get you aboard. When you get off the elevator, just tell the receptionist who you are. You'll get further instruction from there. And Mr. Goodall demands the highest of security at all times.”
I asked, “Level one? You said the top level.”
“Numbering is reversed. This building goes five stories up and fifteen stories down into the ground.”
The escort gave a bow and departed.
Denise looked around. “Well this ain't gonna cut it.”
I smirked as I pulled her to me. “It'll just make us a closer family.”
“Physically closer, but after that shuttle ride, I'm going to need a little more space.”
Pea pulled on my hand. “Daddy? Where are we?”
I squatted and smiled. “This is our new home. Hopefully only for a short time.”
“I like it. But where's the display?”
Denise went into a near panic at the thought of having little to no entertainment available while living with a three-year-old. After a quick search, we found a small-ish screen that slid out from a shelf.
Pea celebrated with a jump and a clap. “Yay.”
Denise held a look of relief.
I glanced over at the kitchenette. “At least we have a plasma warmer and a fridge.”
I walked to the sliding door. “And a sonic shower.”
The sonic shower had become an empire-wide mandate after wars had been fought over water resources. You would enter the shower to a high-intensity flash of eye-safe radiation that only impacted the surface of the skin, turning it into a fine white ash. From there a burst of sonic waves loosened the now-incinerated skin, also forcing it to absorb excess body oils. Just before exiting, heavy jets of air blew the residue to the floor where it was sucked through a grate.
The shower was considered a marvel of technology, when it worked. Too often the sonic wash or the air jets would fail, leaving you covered with the white-ash skin the flash of radiation had burned. Every household had a hand blower waiting to finish the job.
The Empire was full of such gadgets. The psychologists called it consumer addiction. We bought new convenience items to make use of our other convenience items when they partially failed. It was good to be a product manufacturer in the Union.
Denise's face held a scowl.
I gestured toward the hall. “What say we go check out the cafeteria and the shops?”
Denise sighed. “Let's hope they're more accommodating than this.”
I opened the door to the hall. “Come on Pea, let's go see what's out there.”

Chapter   5
_______________________

The cafeteria was a respectable size, seating up to two hundred patrons at any one time. Employees living on our floor would eat all meals in that room. Next door to the eatery was a lounge where people could go to unwind. Behind a glass wall was a well-lit, carpeted area with several displays, presumably where kids could play while the adults relaxed and watched them from the lounge. Just down the hall were four stores that made up the shopping plaza.
The stores were small. There was a clothing store, a grocery, a shop with entertainment related items such as toys, games, and booze, and lastly a bank with a single teller. All transactions on Echelon II were made using an Echelon Mining account. It was the same account where pay was automatically deposited and corporation bills were automatically deducted. There was a line of people waiting for a turn with the teller.
Denise was further depressed by the time we returned to the room. “I'm sorry I pushed so hard to come out here with you.”
I glanced around at our tiny abode. “If we look on the bright side, it can only get better from here.”
Denise returned a less-than-enthusiastic snarl.
“If I get a chance, I'll talk to TC tomorrow. But I don't want to come in the first day as the complainer.”
“No.” Denise sighed. “Don't push it. Get your feet set first. We can survive in... this... whatever it is... for the next few days at least.”
I kissed her forehead. She sat at our lone table with a smiling Pea taking the chair beside her.
She sighed while reaching over to muss the three-year-old's hair. “I wish I had your demeanor today.”
“What's that, da-meen-or?” Pea curiously asked.
I pulled the display out from the shelf. “It means she wishes she was happy... like her little girl.”
“Mommy, all you have to do is smile.” A broad, forced grin covered Paulette's face.
It brought a smirk from Denise. “I guess all that glitters isn't gold.”
The statement left me confused. “What?”
Denise twirled her hair with her fingers. It was one of those habits I found endearing.
“It's another old saying.”
“Where are those coming from?”
“While you were schooling, I spent some time browsing cultures and history. I have a million of those by the way. Cat got your tongue? Don't get your knickers in a twist.”
I chuckled to myself, wondering how bored she must have been to take on those studies to the point of remembering. I switched the display to the colony's local news channel which showed a commentator pointing at star maps. I turned up the volume.
“...reports remain to be fully validated, but if true, we may have our first confirmed encounter with other sentient alien life.”
Denise pulled her head back. “What? What'd they just say?”
We watched the news with fascination for the next several hours. Just after our departure from Demos, there had been reports of alien ships entering our tiny section of the galaxy. Speculations were bandied about as to who they were and whether or not they were friendly. Every expert was being questioned in a field where there were no experts. The more I listened, the less I liked.
Denise was shaking her head. “Perfect timing. That's only three days from here. What if they're hostile, Ray?”
I frowned. “I can't say I'm thrilled with this either. I mean it's exciting, aliens, but terrifying at the same time. Aliens.”
I attempted to comm Thomas. It was declined. We watched the news reports until the wee hours of the morning. All told, I got less than two hours of sleep, not an ideal amount of rest for my first day on the job.
At 6 a.m. I was up. Denise was still checking the news. The commentators had reported nothing new. I got a sonic shower, hurried down to the cafeteria for a hot caffeine bar and a juice, then rode the elevator up to the first floor as I ate. A dozen or so employees were crowded in front of the reception desk making it unreachable. Pushing and shoving accompanied raised voices as strained tempers flared.
I asked one of the men at the back of the crowd. “What's happening?”
“Don't know. They aren't telling us anything. Not sure they know anything.”
An image of Thomas Goodall appeared on the display behind the receptionist station. He was speaking from the office of the President of Aarlis Mining and he looked the part. His face held a serious expression.
“Good morning, all. An eventful last few hours for most of you—I am certain. We are all wanting to ask the same questions, so I'll be as frank as I can be. We don't yet have any information beyond the earlier reports. It seems a group of alien ships has been discovered. That much has been confirmed. We want to know, are they a threat? Are they friendly? Will they bring new technology with them? What about disease?”
The response struck me as something an inexperienced executive would say. It lacked the tactful downplay of concerns one would expect.
“These are all questions that remain to be answered. Just know our government is doing all it can to properly manage the situation. The unknowns of this event are troubling to each of us. Stress levels are high. Staying calm until we know more is what we need to do.”
I thought it an improvement from the start.
“What we also need to do is this; you were hired to come out here to do a job. Please go back to work until we have further information. There is only one situation we can control and that situation is here, on Echelon, getting these new mines up and running. It does none of us any good to speculate about what else might come.”
And the inexperience was back.
“Each of you has signed contracts for your work and I expect each of you to honor those contracts. Should the situation change, should these visitors turn out to be hostile, we will make every effort to evacuate everyone from this planet. You will be flown to a colony that has a defense infrastructure and a defense fleet. Rest assured, those arrangements, should they be necessary, are being made.”
One of the men yelled at the display. “We shouldn't be here. We're easy targets.”
Another added, “What of our families? We should at least be sending them home.”
An aide handed Thomas Goodall a tablet.
After a quick read, he looked back to the camera. “Good news. At least moderately so. Reports say the alien fleet consists of four ships. We have a dozen warships heading their way. And those four ships have been holding the same position for more than a day now.”
Thomas leaned in. “So the initial threat of the unknown appears to have diminished. We will continue our evacuation planning as a contingency, but all employees are to get to work, or back to work as it may be, at your respective tasks. Again, you are all under contract and are fully expected to honor those contracts. In the meantime, know that we have your safety and security foremost in our minds. Good day.”
The display went black.
The receptionist pointed. “I need a line here please. First, do we have a Rayford Jackson here? If so, please stand over there to the left. For those who are up here for an appointment or meeting, form a line over here to the right. And for all others, I am sorry, given the circumstances, we will not be able to hear grievances here at this station. You will return to your work-levels where your ombudsman will give you direction as to your next step.”
The receptionist pressed a button under her desk and two hulking armed guards came from a side room.
One of the guards gestured toward the elevator. “Let's go people. We all have work to be doing. That ore doesn't come out of the ground by itself.”
Seven employees grumbled as the guards herded them back into the elevator..
The receptionist turned. “Mr. Jackson?”
“Yes.”
“Through that door to your left. Third door down on the right. You'll find the floor information officer there, Mrs. Bartholomew. She'll see that you get set up.”
I nodded. “Thanks.”
I only glanced up for a second, but it was long enough to see the scowls and looks of contempt from the others. Maybe I was on the executive staff, but I certainly didn't know any more than they did. I felt a sense of relief as I left the reception area and heard the door close behind me.
The information officer was waiting. She stood with her hand out. “Mr. Jackson. Janet Bartholomew. Sorry about the mess out front. I would have come out to greet you, but Mr. Goodall was about to speak.”
I shook her hand. She had a vigorous shake. I likened it to that of most of the guys I knew. For an older woman, she was fit. She wore a company suit that was neat and pressed. That and the handshake told me she was all business.
“Please. Follow me. I'll take you to your desk and get you logged into the system. This morning, most of your time will be spent reading through the employee handbook and agreeing to the rules of employment.”
“Rules of employment? I thought that was the contract?”
I followed Janet as she walked at a brisk pace. Her hard, flat shoes tapped on the polished floor as we went.
She spoke over her shoulder as we made our way down a long hall. “The contract you signed was merely your agreement to come out to Echelon to work for the corporation. It is a legal formality for all non-government colonies. Out here, wherever you go, you are on Aarlis Mining property.”
We turned a corner where a second hall was lined with desks. Workers spoke softly into headpieces as we passed.
“The corporation itself makes and governs the rules, Mr. Jackson. Should you choose to not agree to the rules set forth, you will be transported to the nearest colony, Merchain. From there, you will be responsible for getting yourself home. The corporation will provide a loan in the event you do not have the funds needed for such transportation.”
I thought to myself. “How generous of them.”
We turned a final corner and strode toward the center of a sea of desks. I was taken to a workstation in the middle. Hundreds of other workers were mumbling into microphone headsets or perusing information on workspace displays. The office had no dividing walls, the desks all sat in the open. A flat touch-screen display covered the workspace's surface. My escort took a step up behind the desk, looking down.
“Janet Bartholomew. New user authorization.”
The desk replied, “Authorization granted.”
She took a step back, gesturing for me to move up.
“What do I say?” I felt embarrassed after asking as the question drew smirks from those seated around me.
“You say nothing. Just look down.”
I took a step forward, following her instruction.
“Rayford Jackson. User confirmed. Welcome to Aarlis Mining.”
She touched a panel on the desktop and a drawer opened. An earpiece was pulled and placed in my hand. “The display will guide you for now. When finished, expect a comm or a visit from your supervisor. Enjoy your day.”

Chapter   6
_______________________

I pulled up an empty chair as Janet Bartholomew began the walk back toward her office. When I sat, the chair let out an attention-grabbing screech. A low moan followed as the air went out of the piston at its base. Chuckles came from those seated around me. I nodded, recognizing the office gag when I saw it.
I stood and looked around, spotting another empty chair three desks down. I pushed mine over, proud of myself for taking the initiative. They would not be laughing at me again. When the new chair was in position, I moved to try it again.
As I sat, another screech and long moan followed, this time with double the number of chuckles.
I turned to the man sitting behind me. “What is this?”
He smiled. “They all do it. Bad shipment. You'll get used to it.”
A wave of screeches and moans swelled up, permeating the room as most of the other employees stood up and sat down in their chairs. Chuckles and smiles eased the tension. It was at that moment I felt I was part of a team. I read through and accepted the rules, then got ready to begin the business of operating a mine. Or at least my portion of such... whatever that was to be.
Seconds after I had completed and signed the Rule Acceptance Form, a face popped up on my display. “Almost three hours. Middle of the pack. I was under the impression you were a performer, Mr. Jackson.”
“Sorry?” I replied. “I didn't realize I was being timed.”
“We time everything here. My name is Siegfried Malonza. You work for me. I run a tight ship. The corporation will nullify the contracts of those at the bottom after each quarter, essentially removing those employees from the workforce. Gives us all incentive to put in a full day's work.”
“I'll keep that in mind.”
“I'm the Checking Staff Manager. I'll be sending you a series of diagrams and drawings. You'll be identifying deficiencies. Each find will earn you one credit in the bonus pool among you and the other checkers. If you find deficiencies, you have the ability to earn extra from that pool.”
I nodded. “Sounds reasonable. I wasn't expecting any bonuses.”
Siegfried smirked. “Nor should you. You are the low man in the group. Five others have examined those drawings by the time they reach your desk. Thad Cochran is the lead checker. He has taken the major bonus every quarter except one since he moved into that position. And that was the quarter he was out with an injury.”
Siegfried turned his head as if looking toward the top left corner of my desk. “See that red-haired mess about five rows up?”
“I do.”
“That's Thad.” Seigfried switched comms. “Hey Thad. Turn around and wave to Mr. Jackson.”
The red-haired man turned, giving a toothless smile and a wave. His face was heavily scarred. I pulled my head slightly back out of shock.
“All of you. Back to work.” Siegfried turned his face back toward the camera as Thad and the others returned to their business.
I asked, “Can I take it his injury was what I just saw?”
“You could, but you'd be wrong. He broke a leg down in one of the mine shafts after a minor cave-in. He came here with that mutilated face. He's a good kid though. Hard worker. Acts like he has something to prove. But you won't find much sympathy from his co-workers. He's taking practically all the bonus money.”
I was not enthusiastic about Aarlis Mining after my first full day. Eight-hour shifts were ignored—most employees put in eleven. Our day had just come to an end.
The guy who sat at the desk to my right patted me on the shoulder as we walked out of the workspace area and toward the elevator. “It gets easier. Once you find out how little else there is to do around here, you almost welcome the extra work.”
“I have my wife and kid out here. I'd like to be spending the extra time with them.”
“Danny O'Shays.” He held out his hand for a shake.
“Rayford Jackson.”
“Well Rayford, it's like this... most of the families who come out here are on the first available shuttle home. And even though those shuttles are mostly empty, the corporation charges a premium. If you want to send them home, which you will, expect to spend at least a month's wage.”
“A month? That's robbery.”
“That's the corporation. Consider yourself owned by them until your contract is up. I have another three years and I'm out of here. If you're an individual, no family, you can save some decent money, that's if you have the conviction to not spend it at the company stores. Otherwise, you'll probably go home with just about what you came with.”
“Why's that?”
“That wife and kid you mentioned... if you want to keep them here, you'll end up spending that estimated 15 percent net you'll be banking on entertainment, which all comes from the company. And I know about the 15 percent because it's the same calculation for us all. It's how they set their salaries.
“If you don't spend it here, your family will be bored out of their skulls. This industry is not for the family man. Not unless your goal is to just exist.”
“Everyone feel that way?” I asked.
“Everyone with any sense. Just give it a month, you'll see.”
The line in front of us, with the elevator only having room for eight at a time, was nearly one hundred workers long. We shuffled toward our turn.
“How is it Thad gets to keep the first position?”
“He has the most error finds. I just wish we could find someone to bump him off. It's not a fair system to the rest of us.”
“What percentage of finds does he make?”
“Probably a third.”
“Seems easy enough then. Why not get the others together to put in someone new? Then the next month you switch to someone else.”
Danny shook his head. “It's been tried. The boss-man doesn't like it. Says it makes everyone else work just hard enough to bump off number one. And he's right. You just don't look as hard when you know there won't be any bonus coming at all. If we miss things, it costs money, and potentially lives. The corporation doesn't like to lose either one of those.”
“Who would?”
As we finally made our way into the elevator, a corporate spokesman came on the display behind the receptionist's desk. I held the elevator door open as we listened to the news.
“Attention everyone. We've just received word there has been an attack on the Merchain colony. It's not yet known if the ships involved were related to the alien vessels discovered farther out, but we are now being put on alert. Everyone should pay close attention to the news feeds when off-shift. We believe we are not in any immediate danger, and we will keep you informed if things change.”
I rolled my eyes. “We just came in yesterday.”
Danny frowned. “If I were you, I'd get that family on the first shuttle out. If they attack here, the only resistance will be a few hundred security guards. And some of those don't look all that secure if you know what I mean.”
“No. Not really sure what you mean.”
“They're all muscle, no brains.”
“My wife would call them thugs. Muscleheads.”
“The only kind of defense they know is to yell in your face or beat you with their baton. I think there are only a few dozen on this planet who are actually armed, probably only the ones on this floor. If aliens come here, we'll all be running for our lives, and we have nowhere to run.”
The door opened on my floor.
Danny nodded as I stepped out. “Third floor. Not bad. They get worse as you go down. I'm on number five. See you tomorrow.”
“See you.”
I hurried back to my apartment. Denise had an uneasy expression on her face as I gave her a kiss on the cheek. Her eyes were glued to the display, which was showing the latest news. Pea was asleep on one of the bunks.
“Anything about the attack?” I asked.
“Merchain Colony,” Denise replied. “They're saying there may be as many as a thousand dead.”
“What?” It was a number I wasn't expecting. “How? I mean, what exactly happened?”
“Two ships, possibly from the group they spotted yesterday, just dropped through orbit and bombed a city. Unprovoked. We had five warships stationed there, but the attackers fled before they could activate.”
“Activate? Why weren't they already on alert?”
“No one seems to know. What are we gonna do, Ray?” Denise stared at me with a concerned expression.
“We're putting you and Pea on the first available shuttle is what we're doing. You're going home to Demos where the regional fleet is stationed. We have no protection here.”
Denise shook her head. “I checked earlier. Just overnight the shuttles were booked for the next two weeks. And now the prices are going up, the price has already quadrupled for reservations three weeks out. And those seats are probably already gone by now.”
“I'm sure there will be more. Just this morning TC said they were working on an evacuation contingency.” I raised my wrist and tried a comm to my former friend.
To my surprise, Thomas Goodall answered. “Rayford T. Jackson. How was your first day?”
“Fine, TC. And thanks again for the opportunity. But that's not why I commed. How do I get Denise and Pea out of here? You realize there was just an attack on Merchain, right? And the shuttle cost has skyrocketed for some reason.”
Thomas sighed. “I had to authorize that. My father's advisors insisted.”
“What? Why?”
“To keep the workforce here, Ray. Remember, I said we received a large military contract? Well that contract needs fulfilling now more than ever.”
My first impulse was anger, but the reason made sense. We needed a functioning and well-supplied military machine to confront this new threat.
“I can see that. But why not allow families to go home? It would seem prudent to go ahead and evacuate them now. They aren't needed. No reason to keep them at risk.”
Thomas slowly shook his head. “When the families go the husbands and wives will want to follow. Like I said, we need everyone now more than ever. We need commitment. And spouses who have family elsewhere will have their minds elsewhere. No. I'm sorry. Fulfilling these contracts is too important.”
“You can't hold people here against their will.”
“As a matter of fact, I can. At least when it comes to the use of company assets I can. Any worker is welcome to charter their own shuttle to come out and give them a ride. That I cannot prevent. And I will add that I requested my father send for a minimum of two cruisers to come here to protect our employees... and the valuable military resources we are mining. I expect to hear back on that request soon.”
“When was it sent?” I asked.
Several seconds of hesitation followed before Thomas gave a reply. “When news of the bombing on Merchain came in.”
I huffed. “So this morning. That means four days before the request arrives anywhere, followed by however long to mobilize and assign ships, and then another four before they get out here. And that's if they're coming from Merchain. Sounds like we won't have protection for the next two weeks at least, assuming they decide to send anything. I'm sorry TC, but I don't like having Denise and Pea sitting out here at risk just because you're paranoid your workers will leave.”
Thomas glared into the display camera. “You really need to end the practice of referring to me by my initials, Ray. Out here I am Mr. Goodall. If you prefer, I can call you Mr. Jackson.”
I paused to take a breath and calm myself. “Noted. We're in a professional environment now. You can call me whatever you want. And just so you know, I won't abandon you here. I just want Denise and Pea to be safe. Not that we know anywhere is fully safe, but these remote colonies are the least so. The alien ships are in this sector, and Merchain, the nearest colony, has already been attacked. Have you heard from Estelle? Was she there during the attack?”
“She was there. And unharmed. She was preparing to evacuate when our father told her to remain since those ore processing plants are key to our supply contracts. If war does come, which it looks as though it may, we will need to build a fleet that is much stronger than what we have. Most of our ships are old and in disrepair. We haven't seen war in centuries. You see, Aarlis Mining's purpose—our mission out here—is vital.”
I chuckled at the word choice. “Our mission? Okay. I'm sorry, I'm probably out of line. Our work here is important. I can see that. But I would urge you to strongly consider getting the families out. If only for the good PR you'll get from it.”
“I'll take your suggestion under consideration, Mr. Jackson. Now, as I'm certain you know, I'm a busy man with a mining enterprise to run. Please see to it that any further comms are directly corporate-business related. Good day.”
The comm closed.

Chapter   7
_______________________

Denise's face held a scowl. “And just like that he goes back to being an ass.”
I sat in a chair at our lone table and thought for a moment before responding. “Unfortunately, he's right... as far as the workers go. We need this ore mined and refined. And I'll bet old Aarlis is working up shipbuilding contracts as we speak. Even if there are no further attacks, the Aarlis Corporation will come out of this twice the size they went in. And too bad for us. If I didn't have this contract, I'm sure there will be thousands of positions opening up back in the main colonies come a month from now.”
“So how do we get out of here?”
I frowned. “At the moment, we don't. Looks like a self-charter is our only option and that would take almost two weeks to get here. And that's if we could raise the money needed... and if we could find a pilot willing to fly out with that looming threat.”
“This is just insane. I regret pushing you to come out here.”
I chuckled as I leaned across the table, giving her a kiss on the cheek. “You didn't push me. This was our best option... our only option.”
I stood and walked to the fridge, grabbing a cold beverage for each of us. “There may be more jobs opening up back home, but we don't have a time machine. We can't go back and change our decisions.”
Denise accepted the beverage with a tepid smile. “What can I do, Ray. I feel helpless. And I don't like that feeling.”
I sat and took a swig. “What we can do is try to get a list together of the non-essential family members living here on Echelon. I could suggest to TC—er... Mr. Goodall, as I'm now supposed to call him—that we pressurize the hold of one of those parked ore haulers, load in supplies, and send back every non-essential person with one trip, which we could do if he wanted.”
I set my beverage on the table. “I'm not seeing his reason for keeping you here as fully valid. I would be thankful to a corporation who put my family’s safety first—I would work harder for them.”
Denise stood and moved toward the door. “I can read between the lines. That's not happening.”
I asked, “You going somewhere? And what lines? Was that another arcane saying?”
Denise sighed. “I'm heading to the stores. I'll be buying the biggest knife I can find. And maybe something I can fashion into a spear. Doesn't look like he'll be letting us go.”
“A spear?” I almost snorted. “Are you serious?”
The cold stare Denise returned told me it was a question I should not have asked.
I stood. “Hold on. Let me grab Pea. We'll come with you, and sorry about the laugh. My first thought was of bombs being dropped and you trying to fight them off with a spear, but I guess a ground invasion is not out of the question. And while we're at it, let's stock up on all the extreme-cold-weather gear we can afford. Not that I foresee us having to go outside, but I'd like us to be prepared if the cold decides to come in here.”
We were not the only ones with survival on our minds. We made our way through the crowd to the food store first, stocking up on non-perishable items and jugs of water. The line to check out was long, but the line coming in was even longer, with more streaming into the hallway outside every moment. Pea clung to my side, quietly staring at all the people.
We hit the clothing store next. We managed to get two pairs of adult extreme-winterized coveralls, plus boots and gloves. Nothing was available for Pea, we would have to make use of the clothing we had by putting on multiple layers and wrapping her up. I was confident we could keep ourselves alive should the cold come, but not for more than a few days.
We settled back in our tiny apartment, our new purchases taking up a third of our unused space. Denise was sulking as Pea poked around at the stack of goods on the floor. I stood behind Denise, rubbing her shoulders as she sat in a chair.
“Doesn't do us any good to be upset,” I said. “Best we can do now is make a safety plan and pray nothing happens.”
“When you go off to work in the morning, I want you to have one thing and one thing only in the forefront of your mind. Getting back here to us should anything happen. We barricade the door and stay here until a way out becomes clear.”
I sat in the chair beside her, taking her hand and holding it gently between my own. “I'm only a comm away. You say the word and I'll be here as fast as possible. The two of you are what's most important to me and I'll do everything I can to protect you.”
“Good. Then figure out a way to get us off this planet. Right now, I don't care if we have to take out a fat corporate loan to do it.”
I looked down at Pea with a smile as she did her best to try on my new boots. “Are you worried about your parents?”
“I'm worried about us all, Ray. I don't think we're getting the full story on these aliens. First, we discover a handful of ships, then a few more pop up and attack a colony? I'm worried there's a lot they aren't telling us. And to top it off, they're holding families here?”
I glanced at the door. “Hey, we haven't had dinner. I know that won't solve our problems, but we have to eat.”
Pea clomped over in my boots and grabbed her mother's leg. “I'm starving.” She slumped to the floor in an act of drama.
Denise broke from her funk, reaching down to pick up her child. “Well, if you're starving I guess we'll have to take you to the hospital.”
“No. The cafeteria.”
After a run for dinner, the rest of the evening was spent watching the news channel. Every hour the commentators repeated the same story over and over, but with edits. The corporation newscasters modified and minimized the original information about Merchain. To me, it was evident the order to not frighten the people had been given. I reasoned Thomas was starting to wise up.
I laid in bed beside Denise, holding a tablet as I searched the data feeds for the possibility of hiring a charter. A group online had shown interest from more than three hundred people before it suddenly disappeared from the company servers. I wondered how it was we were supposed to charter a shuttle to come out for family members, if we weren't allowed to go in together. It was another move that had Thomas's fingerprints all over it.
In the morning, I ate a hearty breakfast. As I made my way up to the first floor to work, I thought about how it could have been my last official meal—should the aliens attack. When I walked into the office, I was shocked by the fact nearly a third of the workers had failed to show up.
My supervisor, Siegfried, was livid. “How are we supposed to make progress when people are staying in their apartments? This is important work. The Union needs our help.”
Danny was the unfortunate one who took the bait. “They're just worried about their families. Let them have today and they'll be back tomorrow when they see nothing new has happened.”
Siegfried stopped in front of Danny's desk. “That outburst will cost you a bonus credit, Mr. O'Shays.”
“Outburst? What outburst? I was just stating a fact.”
Siegfried looked around as he raised his voice. “Does anyone else want to give up their credits?”
The room went silent.
“Good. Now get back to work. We have a mine to open. Your work here is vital to the defense of the Union.”
I wanted to call Siegfried out for his gross overreaction, but I knew there was no benefit to be had by getting on the wrong side of his anger. I turned my efforts back to finding errors in the diagrams.
It was late in the afternoon when I began to hear nervous whispers and worried mumbles ripple through the office.
Danny O'Shays turned to face me. “They just reported another attack.”
“What? Where?”
“A cargo hauler heading out to Merchain from Demos. Apparently, it was attacked on its last leg, just before arrival.”
“Isn't that system swarming with military craft by now?”
“You would think. But it looks like they aren't sending any out. Speculation is they're keeping them at the main colony bases. I'd have to think the order is coming to evacuate any colonies they can't protect. That would include us.”
“Actions speak louder than words.”
Danny returned a confused look. “What?”
“Sorry. My wife has been using all these old sayings of late. I guess some are sticking with me.”
I leaned closer, using a low voice. “Don't think Mr. Goodall will go for an evacuation. If we aren't mining, he's not making a profit. And given the fact our mine here isn't even in full operation, he has no interest in shutting it down after so much has been invested. He would think that to be a sign of weakness to his father.”
Danny huffed. “There's no profit if they bomb this place and his workers are all dead. He might want to consider cutting his losses while he can.”
I knew it had been told to me in confidence by Thomas, but I couldn't help blurting it out. “I hear they are requesting a pair of cruisers to come out here. That at least would be enough to prevent what happened at Merchain.”
“You heard this from where?”
“Doesn't matter, but I believe it's what the corporation is attempting to do. Now let's get back to work before we get ourselves in trouble.”
Several hours later, Siegfried rushed over to my workspace. “Mr. Jackson. I've been asked to escort you directly to Mrs. Bartholomew's office.”
I stood. “Okay. I know the way. It's only just down the hall.”
“My orders are to escort you. I don't know what it is you've done, but this is highly unusual. Come. Immediately.”
The walk was hurried. Janet Bartholomew was showing an equally unhappy expression on her face. Siegfried bowed and hastily retreated toward his office.
“What's this about?” I asked as Janet came from behind her desk.
“Just follow me and keep quiet.”
For a moment I wondered if Thomas had arranged for a shuttle to take Denise and Pea. That wonder quickly faded as we entered the next hall. Two of the security guards who protected Thomas grabbed my arms.
“You'll come with us.”
Janet turned away before I could get a reading from her face. The guards walked me down a long hall and past another pair of thugs. I was hustled into an office where Thomas was standing, gazing out a broad window behind his desk.
“Such a cold and barren place, don't you think?”
“Sure?”
I glanced around at the awards covering the previously blank walls of his office. They had been given by various other Aarlis corporations. I chuckled to myself at the obvious propaganda nature of it all.
Thomas turned to his guards. “Leave us. Mr. Jackson, take a seat.”

Chapter   8
_______________________

I eased into a high-back leather chair that faced his desk. It was plush. The leather felt luxurious to the touch. I guessed its cost was probably more than I made in a month.
“This is nice. You think I could get one for my workstation out there?” I said, hoping to ease the tension.
Thomas leaned on his desk. His eyes were fixed and serious. “I feel as though this relationship has been taken for granted.”
The soft leather of the ultra-comfortable chair suddenly felt twenty-degrees warmer. Beads of sweat formed on my forehead.
Even though I was certain I knew why, I asked, “How so?”
“I told you of the cruiser request in confidence. And now it comes back to me through the rumor mill that two cruisers are on their way. What should I make of this?”
“But you told me you requested them.”
“Mr. Jackson. I am the CEO of Aarlis Mining. Everything I tell you is in confidence.”
I slightly bowed my head in contrition. “I'll keep that in mind going forward. But, I don't get why you haven't told your employees about that request. It could alleviate some of the stress we're all feeling.”
“I didn't tell them because the request was to my father and not to the military. Echelon is a privately owned colony. There is no government here. There are no government facilities or assets. My father informed me, the moment we make such a request to our government is the moment they want control of what we are doing. In case you didn’t know, profits are not had through government interference, Mr. Jackson.”
“So, no ships are coming to our defense? That's terrible news. But still, what's the harm then in spreading that rumor? If anything, it would help to keep people calm.”
“The harm is that comm transmissions from persons on this planet have already gone out making those very statements. When the politicians at home hear such a rumor, they will eagerly grant that request, even though it was never officially made.”
I shook my head. “Sorry, TC... Mr. Goodall. I still don't see the harm.”
“Under the terms of the Constitution, Mr. Jackson, at the time martial law is declared, any jurisdiction or colony receiving government or military assistance can have all properties confiscated by said military, including all assets and resources. In other words, should the government declare martial law throughout the colonies, which is now a strong possibility given this second raid, this entire operation would be subject to seizure. The government would take control of our mine.”
“Why would they seize anything? They don't have the means to actually run such an operation.”
“The military needs this ore. They will mine it themselves if they believe they can do it cheaper. They, of course, could not. But there are people in our government, and our military, who seek power by any means. And believe me when I say this, the assets of these mines are powerful to whoever controls them. Profits are power. I cannot stress that enough.”
Thomas turned to again look out the window. “Confiscation would put an end to the big plans my father has for the Aarlis Corporation. We are expanding, Ray. These mines are a major part of that expansion.”
The power-plays that went on behind the closed doors of big business and politics were suddenly clear. I recalled Thomas had mentioned such to me years before—after talks with his father, but until that moment I had no frame of reference from which to properly understand what he had said. That perspective was now like a giant flashing red light in front of me.
I cleared my throat. “I guess that's why you're CEO and I'm not. So, I'm sorry for that screw-up. But TC, we need a defense out here. You might consider having a few thousand of those blaster rifles your father makes shipped out.”
Thomas turned to face me. “We are strictly forbidden from having those weapons for any use other than direct sale to our military. And besides, what would these people do with them? They have no training. If an attack were to come, they are just as likely to shoot themselves as they are the enemy.”
I took in a deep breath, tilted my head back and closed my eyes. I slowly let my breath out while in thought. “Mercenaries. What if you were to hire mercenaries to offer at least a minimum of protection? Aren't there some privateers out there who have been doing just that as cargo ship escorts, due to piracy concerns?”
Thomas turned and looked back out his window at the frozen landscape beyond. “We have hired such from time to time, when the value of a cargo justified the cost.”
I held up my hands and gestured toward our surroundings. “Do you not consider these mines to be a valuable asset? If we aren't getting military protection, maybe you should be paying for your own. A few of those crews and their ships might have been enough to stave off an attack like on Merchain.”
Thomas took a seat at his desk, tapping his fingertips together for most of a minute while in thought. He opened a comm. “Mr. Sanchez. You were acquainted with the privateer operations for securing Aarlis Corporation cargoes were you not?”
“Yes, sir. That was my prior posting. I worked on the team that answered to your father. I was not the lead, but I am familiar with most aspects of the operation. Is there something I can help with?”
“Give me your thoughts about bringing a few teams out to secure this planet.”
“Secure? As in from an alien threat?”
“That would be their primary mission, yes.”
“I think they would jump at the chance, sir. Most are ex-military. They would love to get mixed up with whoever these aliens are.”
“What level of protection can they offer?”
“Ground defense in terms of fighters is a certainty. Air defense... I believe they do at least have a few options. And ship defense... I think that depends on the threat. Their claim to the government is they have a number of armed vessels that are less powerful than a standard frigate. I think the reality is they are closer in power to a full destroyer. Do you have an interest in bringing their services out here?”
Thomas nodded. “I do. And Mr. Sanchez, they know the current situation. Get a quote for the best protection option. And have Mr. Bosworth assist you in any final negotiations. He will bring them aboard at a fair price.”
“Consider it done, Mr. Goodall. Is there anything else?”
“That will be all, Mr. Sanchez. And this is a priority one command. Reassign everything else on your task list.”
“Thank you for trusting me, sir. This will get done.”
The comm closed.
I raised an eyebrow. “Nicely handled. I think I have a whole new level of respect for what you do here. I have to admit I get a bit stressed just dealing with checking drawings out there at my tiny desk. Here you are running an entire planet. I knew you had it in you, and right now I'm kind of proud to know you.”
“You remain on my sullied list, Ray. But your suggestion here about the mercenaries has righted your sinking ship... at least for the moment.”
Thomas pressed a button and the guards returned. “Escort Mr. Jackson back to his office. And Ray, not a word of this to anyone.”
I nodded as I stood. “Not making that same mistake twice. And thanks for at least seeing into our security. If the mercenaries show, it will do a lot to ease tensions around here.”
Before I could say goodbye, the guards took hold of my arms and jerked me around toward the door. They released me as we passed the office of Janet Bartholomew. She did not look up.
I glanced back at the guards as they walked away. “Yeah. And thanks. You fellas have a nice day.”
Siegfried followed me as I walked to my desk. “Can I assume you will be making up the time you were just away?”
I let out a single smirk at the thought of the question. “We're already working eleven-hour days. Our contract is only for eight.”
“You are expected to keep pace with the other workers, Mr. Jackson.”
“And I will. Wait, are you thinking of authorizing overtime for our extra work? Should I have mentioned that to Mr. Goodall?”
Siegfried gasped. “You were with Mr. Goodall? Don't be ridiculous.” He turned and scurried away.
Danny immediately began bombarding me with questions. I kept my mouth closed and eyes forward for almost five minutes before he got the message and turned back to his own work. The remainder of the day flew past.
As we headed for the elevator at the end of the shift, the questions began again, but the answers would not be heard coming through my pursed lips. I got off on the third floor and ignored the irritated stare.
I walked into our one-room apartment to see Pea playing on the floor. She ran to me for a hug. Denise's eyes were glued to the display.
“Just had another incident with a ship,” Denise said. “This time a shuttle with forty passengers. Nothing but debris was found along its path. It was on its way to Merchain from Bitma Station.”
“That's not good news.”
“No. It's not. This is just getting worse. How was your day?”
“I was escorted up to TC's office and blasted for running my mouth. I thought I was going to get fired.”
Denise turned. “What?”
“The cruisers he mentioned to us? They aren't coming. He seems to think any military involvement might lead to a government seizure of this place... if they declare martial law.”
“So, no protection is coming?”
“From our military, no. And as to me running my mouth, he was right. I shouldn't have said anything. I mentioned it to Danny, the guy who sits next to me. He apparently dumped it into the rumor mill because a few hours later I was sitting in TC's office for an ass-chewing.”
Denise returned a sheepish look. “I might have mentioned it to the parents in Pea's school group at lunch. How bad was it?”
“Bad. Messages were sent off the station making mention of the request and he now fears there will be politicians insisting on sending ships for just the reason he stated. Seems there is always a power struggle going on between those in big business and those in the government.
“He'd mentioned that to me dozens of times before, back at school, but the seriousness of it had never registered. Regardless, don't blame yourself. Just know we don't want to be the starters or the spreaders of any rumors out here. That would definitely get me fired.”
Denise scowled. “Maybe that firing is what we need, so we can go home.”
“Getting canned in this environment, especially for running my mouth, would not open doors elsewhere. Even with a war on, I'd be lucky to ever work again.”
Denise threw up her hands. “So that's it? No protection? We just sit here and wait for them to kill us?”
“Not exactly. I think I convinced him to take a look at hiring some merc crews.”
“Merc crews?”
“Mercenaries. The privateers who have been running cargo ship and government vessel protection against pirates. He was told they consist of mostly ex-military and the ships they command are actually quite powerful.”
“And they're coming here?”
“Well. No. It's just more of an investigation into the practicality of the whole thing right now. If it seems like they can deliver—”
Pea pulled on my trouser leg.
I turned with a smile. “Not now, Hun. Mommy and Daddy are talking.” I looked back to Denise. “If it seems like they can deliver the security that's needed at a fair price, I think we'll see them out here shortly. But again, no word of this to anyone because it's not a done deal.”
Pea pulled on my pant leg again.
I looked down. “What is it, Pea?”
She pointed a tiny finger at the display. “It's burning.”
I flipped my head around to see an image on the display of a building that was afire. Denise turned up the volume.
An on-scene reporter spoke into the camera. “...again. There has been a fight in the heavens above Merchain. There are reports of bright flashes of light, seen through the daylight, after which the remains of what is described as part of a warship fell from the sky to the ground. Falling debris striking that building is the direct cause of this fire. As you can see, a large portion of the upper floors have been knocked clean away. This is tragic folks. People have died here, and our hearts go out to them and their families. The Pomeran-One office complex on Sidney Avenue will have been full at this time of day.”
Denise's face was flush with concern as Pea crawled up into her lap. “Ray. This is getting worse. We need to figure out how to get out of here. I don't care if we have to steal one of those ore haulers out there. I'll fly it myself if I have to.”
After dinner, it took an hour to get Pea settled before we put her to bed. We watched the news at low volume. Denise was sitting beside me. I wondered how much more we'd be able to take before seriously considering her plan. The job on Echelon was turning into a nightmare.

Chapter   9
_______________________

The following day I was checking over diagrams and schematics. Admittedly my mind was elsewhere, thinking of how we could leave. But that distraction didn't stop something peculiar from catching my eye. The dimensions on a diagram did not concur with the same dimensions in a table listing. It was for a metal truss and was vital to the construction of the mine shafts—more specifically to their safety.
I went back and forth over the drawings a half dozen times to make certain what I thought I was seeing was actually there. I pulled a prior illustration and found the same error. I rubbed my fingers through my hair, wondering if I had just stumbled upon the Holy Grail of bonus finds or whether I was going to get laughed at when I presented the data.
After careful study, I was disheartened to see the mistake went back through eight iterations of that drawing. As I searched further, it appeared on seven other unrelated works. Danny came to my desk asking about lunch to which I waved him away. He left with a shrug and a head-shake.
I spent thirty minutes carefully entering the errors into our reporting system. When I finally hit the submit button, I realized I had been heads-down, working like a madman for three solid hours. The current alien attacks had not even entered my mind. I cleared my desktop as I readied myself to go to lunch.
Before I could leave, Siegfried showed up in front of me. He had a gaunt expression on his face. “Tell me this is a mistake. These figures can't possibly be correct.”
I slowly shook my head. “I checked and rechecked. I don't see how I could be wrong. I want to be. That mistake will cost a small fortune to repair, if I'm right. How'd you people miss this? It's big.”
The look on Siegfried's face told me how big an error he thought it was. For someone in his position, errors of this magnitude were career-enders. He turned and hurried toward his desk with a panicked expression.
Danny was coming back from a break. “Another attack. Did you hear? And what's up with Sig? He looks sick.”
I opened my display to show Danny the errors I had just logged into the system. “He just saw this.”
Danny stared for most of a minute. “That can't be right.”
I nodded. “It is right. And these structures have been getting built into those shafts for the last couple months. Had those attacks not broken my thoughts, I don't think I would have seen it. Wait... you said there was another?”
Danny continued to look over the log data as he talked. “We sent out a diplomatic ship with the intent of opening a dialogue with whoever they are. They let the ship approach. Didn't respond until it got close. Then, with no provocation, they opened up on it, destroying it and killing everyone aboard. Our fleet reacted with an attack, driving them off.”
As the realization of what I had discovered set in, Danny pulled back with a scowl. “We're all screwed. Every one of us missed that. And just as you say there, those dimensions are off. And critical.”
He sighed as he crossed his arms.
I said, “Better caught now than after a cave-in.”
“I doubt we have jobs after this goes up the chain. Except you of course. You might have just taken over Sig's job.”
“I don't want his job. I mean I do, but not like this.”
Danny turned, going back to his workspace and plopping down. The piston of his chair issued the now-familiar screech and long slow moan.
Word of the find spread quickly as the other checkers returned from their breaks. Looks of disbelief soon turned into scowls with evil intent dripping from their eyes as they realized I had uncovered their mistake. I hurried off to take my over-due lunch break, knowing I would probably be eating alone from that moment on. Before I could reach the door going into the hall, two guards came through, taking me by the arms.
“Mr. Goodall would like to see you.”
Again, the escort was less than friendly.
“You guys are in need of some etiquette training.”
They shoved me through the door into Thomas's office.
He looked up from his desk with a stoic expression. “You submitted this find?”
“I couldn't believe it when I saw it,” I said. “I wanted it to be a mistake. I know those structures have already been getting installed.”
“One hundred forty-two of them to date. They will all have to be pulled and refurbished. A quick estimate says that will delay the opening of those shafts by as much as a month. Do you know what a tremendous setback this is?”
“Sorry.” I didn’t know what else to say.
“Sorry? This will cost us millions in material and labor alone. And tens of millions in lost revenue at a time when things in the Union are getting shaky.”
“Shaky?”
Thomas waved his hand. “You know, this whole alien mess. It's destabilizing the markets. We're expecting as much as a 5 percent decline in revenues this quarter because some of our customers are too scared to make their purchases. And now this? Happening under my watch. I might as well be turning this operation over to Estelle.”
He pointed to my report that shown on a display on his wall. “We will have to correct all these errors.”
“I... I went over those drawings to see if there was a possible quick fix. If there is, I don't see it.”
Thomas looked up. “I suppose you'll be eager to collect your bonus on this?”
I shrugged. “One hundred forty-two bonus credits will be nice, even if it is just for one month. Should make me number one in our pool.”
“One forty-two? Multiply that times seven. And then times three for the number of shafts already involved. You will be receiving the bonus equivalent of a year's salary.”
“What?” A little light went off in my head. Surely it would be enough to pay for sending Denise and Pea home to Demos. “That is fantastic. I can tell you flat out I would rather have found nothing. But this is a big mistake, and it’s what you're paying us to find.”
“You will have the bonus for this in your account by the end of the workday. And I'd like to pull you from the checker group and place you as a supervisor overseeing this work. If that effort is satisfactory, I will look to place you in a permanent supervisory position. If not, you will be back at the checker desk the following day.”
I nodded. “I appreciate your confidence in me, and I assure you I will do the best I can to speed these alterations through and save the company money.”
“See Mrs. Bartholomew upon your return. And then take the remainder of the afternoon off.”
Thomas pressed a button under his desk. I glanced up at a clock on the wall and noted I had already been working 9 hours. By the time I got back to my desk I would be leaving an hour early at best.
Two guards came through the door. I was practically lifted from my chair and dragged to the hall before I could get my feet untangled and moving. They dropped me at Bartholomew's office. She immediately escorted me to a new desk in the same room I had been before. She authorized a new user, and I was told to authenticate.
When the work surface responded with my name, Janet pointed toward the exit. “Go home. The corporation requires supervisors to be in a half hour early.”
I received several dirty looks from the other checkers as I left the floor. It was their mistake not mine. And I wanted to shrug off their discontent. The result though was a feeling of being isolated and alone.
I startled Denise and Pea when I opened the door to our apartment. Pea ran to me—hugging my leg. I gave Denise a quick kiss.
“You're home? What happened? Did you see the latest?”
“Had a big day.” I grinned. “And Danny told me about the diplomats.”
“Did he also tell you about the Starn?”
“The what?”
“A warship. One of ours. They destroyed the Starn, Ray, a heavy cruiser—when our fleet engaged. It's time our people started kicking some ass.”
Goosebumps stood up on my arms. Losing diplomats and a shuttle was bad news, it made you angry, but a full warship? It was like a sword through my chest. “What? What happened?”
“During the fight... five hundred and seven lives lost. The entire crew and a contingent of Marines.”
For a moment I felt nauseous. I had big news of my own, but such a loss... it struck at the pride one had of being a human. We revered our military, even though they had not seen war since the Union came together several centuries before.
“Two other warships were heavily damaged. The aliens limped away, but at a speed that was faster than our ships could manage. Ray, we've got to get out of here. This is beyond serious. This is all-out war.”
“What do you think it would take for a private charter? Even if it was just someone coming out in their own shuttle? How much would it cost?”
“I've heard of two such offers. But I also heard there was a scam going around. Someone posing as a pilot with a ship asking for half up front, then disappearing. People here are eager to pay, Ray. They want to leave. Such a horrible thing to do during such a desperate time.”
I growled. “I hadn't even considered theft as a possibility. So, did you hear a price or not?”
“I heard some were paying as much as thirty thousand credits. That's six month's wages. Or three year's savings if you consider corporate deductions.”
“Not an issue.”
“What?”
I took Denise by the hands as I sat across the table from her. “I found an error in a drawing today. And it was a big error. It had been propagated more than two thousand times. I just came from TC's office. I wasn't sure if he was going to congratulate me or have me beaten and thrown outside. The errors are going to cost him millions.”
“Your bonus won't be that much.”
“Millions? No. But about the same as a year's salary.” I grinned to let it sink in. “Which is why I brought up the charter. I was told to expect that bonus tonight. As soon as that hits our account, I want a charter contract signed and a ship on its way. I don't care if we have to spend the whole amount. And we'll make the pilot prove they can deliver before they see a single credit.”
I leaned back in my chair. “I just wish it didn't take so long for word to get out for them to come, whoever they end up being.”
Denise sat forward with an excited tone. “There are pilots right here on Echelon who are asking forty thousand. They can leave immediately.”
I felt as though a five-hundred-kilogram weight had been lifted off my shoulders. This was it. My wife and child, at least, would be safe. And leaving tomorrow? It could not happen soon enough.
“See if you can contact whoever it is that made one of those offers. We'll take it. And as soon as the credits are in our account, we'll move them to a joint account that requires both your signature and theirs. When they have Demos in sight you can sign off on the transaction.”
Denise turned to face Pea. “You hear that, sweetie? We're going back to see grandma and grandpa.”
“Is daddy coming with us?”
It was like a knife through my heart. I suddenly realized I was not going to see my wife and daughter again for at least six months. And knowing Thomas, he would have quietly rescinded the six-month travel offer when I accepted the new position. But my family would be safe. It was a sacrifice I was willing to make.
We started packing up what little clothing and gear we had brought with us. I was excited and at the same time apprehensive and remorseful. I would miss them both—terribly. And now, with my discovery of the errors and my new position, I no longer had anyone at work to call a friend. I doubted Danny would want to talk, nor would he be allowed to if he so desired. I was certain Siegfried already considered me dead.
We finished the packing and checked at the bank for the funds. They were pending. We hurried over to the cafeteria for our dinner. I was smiling, even though my insides were now in knots thinking about what tomorrow would bring. But I would be strong for Denise. I didn't want the thought of staying to enter her mind, not even for a fleeting moment.
When we returned to our apartment, Denise got on the comm and got a connection to the charter pilot who was looking for an expensive fare. His eyes lit up when she mentioned she was ready to pay his full price for herself and her daughter. The pilot eagerly accepted, sending the data we would need to open the joint transaction account. I told him to expect confirmation of the transfer shortly. He only gave a two-hour window after which he stated the seats on his ship would again be first come first served.
“Denise. I'll be back in a few minutes. I'm going out to set this up at the bank.”
I hurried down the hall, quick-stepping my way to the bank only to find a long line of patrons standing in front of the single teller. Most had ambivalent expressions. They had nothing else to do, so standing in line was as good as it got. And it was free.
My nervous energy and impatient demeanor drew several odd looks. I continuously glanced at my comm to check the time. Ten minutes turned into thirty and then into just over an hour before I got my turn. I explained my needs to the teller.
Her initial response was a frown. “Sorry.”

Chapter   10
_______________________

“What?” I pulled my head back in confusion.
“You don't have the funds, sir,” The teller replied.
“Are you sure? Please check again. They should have been in there by now.”
“It says... hmmm. A deposit was made just over an hour ago. And then withdrawn.”
“Withdrawn? By who?”
“Whom.”
“What?
“The proper grammar is by whom.”
“What do I care about that for? Where's my money?”
“The corporation has it, sir. Aarlis Mining made the deposit and the withdrawal.”
The guy behind me grew agitated. “Hey buddy. Hurry it up. We've all been waiting.”
I turned and got in his face, something that was utterly out of character. “You got somewhere you need to be?”
I had never been one of those aggressive people that everyone loved to hate. The man backed down, taking a step backward with his hands raised.
I spun back to the teller. “So it's gone?”
“Must have been a mistake. You need anything else?”
I held up a finger as I opened a comm to Thomas. “Give me a sec.”
The teller shook her head. “Next.”
The crowd moved forward, pushing me to the side.
Thomas answered. “I thought I might hear from you.”
“What happened to my bonus? Why was it pulled back?”
“It had come to my attention you were about to use those monies to charter a private craft.”
“How would you know that?”
“This is my business, Ray. I make it a point to know what my people are up to. I could not risk you using those credits to buy your way home. As I stated earlier, we have a mine to run and important military contracts to maintain. We must retain all employees.”
“I wasn't leaving. I was buying passage for Denise and Pea. I want them off this planet. Why didn’t you just ask me?”
“If that was the case, you have my apology.”
“So can we get the credits transferred back?”
“I will have that reversed, but I am sorry to tell you your charter will no longer be available. It has been taken by your former boss.”
“Siegfried?”
“I terminated Mr. Malonza's contract. He was a few thousand credits shy with his savings, so I made up the difference with a corporate loan. If I'm not mistaken, he will be departing in the next fifteen minutes. Which is just as well, I despise keeping fired employees here any longer than necessary.”
“That ship was for Denise and Pea.”
“Again, you have my apology. I would suggest you purchase the next one in line, but I'm afraid that was the last available. At midnight tonight, a travel curfew goes into effect for all vehicles that are not of a government or military nature. This is not my order but is an order from the Union in response to the attack on the Starn. We are now officially at war.”
I was stopped in thought for several seconds. “Wait. That just happened. How would you get word of such an order out here so fast?”
“That happened four days ago, Ray. We are just now hearing about it. And the travel alert arrived two hours after that news brief. And I know this will not be welcome news either, but non-governmental and non-corporate communications to and from this colony have been officially shut down. Now. I'm tremendously busy, given the situation. I'll ask you once more to please limit these comms to corporate business.”
The comm closed. I walked back toward my apartment, shuffling my feet. How was I going to tell Denise? She would be livid. I opened the door with a sheepish frown.
“Something happened?”
I sighed. “TC happened.”
“What?”
“He pulled the funds back before I could use them. He was afraid I would be on that charter too. When I told him I wasn't going, he apologized, and then told me the charter was gone. Taken.”
“We missed the window?”
“Our contract was only verbal. And to top it off, TC gave Siegfried, my former boss, a loan so he could purchase immediate passage on our charter. He also informed me we are now at war and all personal travel between the colonies is being shut down, Union-wide, as of midnight tonight. So, your flight in the morning would not have happened anyway. And to add fuel to that fire, personal comms coming to and going from this colony have been shut down.”
“I'm gonna so kick his ass when I see him.” Denise clenched a fist.
I gently took her by the arms and pulled her close. “Nothing we could have done about it. We're stuck. But I'm not giving up. TC assured me the credits would be back in our account. If the government eases restrictions, I'll get the two of you on the first available shuttle.”
Denise turned to face the display. The expression on her face was anything but healthy. I glanced over at Pea. She was asleep on one of the bunks. I thought about how great it would be to only have the understanding of a child, sweet dreams and no stress. I was envious.
Before I knew it, almost two weeks of refit effort had gone by. There had been no additional alien incidents. I was up early and in the office by the ordered time. I struggled to convince the people who would be performing the retrofit work to agree to a schedule. Half wanted to push forward with their current active installs, because bonus payments were based on their progress. I had to be the bringer of bad news.
When I took lunch, I found myself sitting alone. The other checkers were at their usual table, passing the occasional nasty glance my way. Except for Denise and Pea, I was on my own for the foreseeable future. I felt as though the situation on Echelon was only going to get worse.
It was midafternoon when an image of Thomas popped up on everyone's display. “Employees of Aarlis Mining. We have good news. As most of you know, the alien raids on the Union have been quiet for several weeks. Four days ago, our forces were in a fight with a group of smaller ships. We disabled one. Our fleet moved in and was able to capture the ship and its crew. It seems we now have a face and a name for our enemies.”
An image of one of the alien creatures appeared on the display.
“This is a Togmal. They are bipedal with an outer shape that is not too dissimilar to that of our own. As you can see, their skin is a dull, scaly gray, their eyes are wide-set, and they appear to have little hair. At this moment, our knowledge of them, of why they are here, and why they attacked, remains extremely limited. We just don't know what they want, but rest assured our best people are pursuing answers.”
Thomas shifted in his chair, moving closer to the camera. “What we do know is they are intelligent. They are intelligent enough to build the warships that brought them here. And they are intelligent enough to hide their numbers. Our military has collected data on at least sixteen ships. We also believe they are testing our defenses... and our responses. I can assure you our military is doing all they can to neutralize this threat.
“Now, I've made this broadcast today to let you know the corporation takes your safety seriously. In four days we will have our own private security, here, defending this colony. We have hired a group who call themselves the 'Eagle's Wing' to protect us. They have highly trained personnel and will be piloting their own warships. I've spoken directly with their CEO and can tell you I was impressed. These are professionals. They will give their lives, if necessary, to protect us all.”
He leaned back in his chair. “I am also here to ask for your re-commitment to our endeavors. The materials we are pulling from these mines are crucial to the defense of the Union. As you know, war against the Togmal has been declared. With that declaration we have seen almost a doubling of the contracts for new ship builds and updates. Some of you may have interest in changing positions, going back to the colonies where these programs will be getting underway shortly.
“Unfortunately, I can tell you that will not happen. Our government, seeing the urgent need for these materials, has authorized us to keep you here for the foreseeable future. Again, the materials these mines are generating are crucial to the war effort. We are now doing this for the safety and security of the Union and hence—that of our families. All employee contracts that reach their end will be renewed and will remain open-ended until such time as the government lifts this decree. We are officially at war and we expect all citizens to do their part.”
When I arrived back at our apartment, Denise was sitting at the table with her head down. Pea jumped up from the floor and raced to me for a hug. I picked her up for a squeeze and then moved over to the table.
“What's wrong?” I sat beside Denise with Pea clinging to my chest.
“I had visitors about an hour ago.”
“Who?”
“From Aarlis, the Corporation.”
“What'd they want?”
“A contract.”
“A contract? For what?”
“For me to become an official employee of the mines. They were adamant that I sign.”
“And did you? Please tell me you didn't.”
“I didn't. But they said they would be back and that I would be signing like everyone else.”
At first I wanted to laugh. I could see Thomas trying to pull something like this to lock family members into contracts so they would not have the choice of leaving. My second thought was to go directly to the first floor, force my way into his office, and punch him in the face. Instead I took the option of opening a comm.
Thomas connected. “Please tell me this is about corporate business.”
“It is. It's about why you sent your goons to harass Denise into signing a contract.”
“Did she tell you this was for her own benefit? And for yours?”
“And just why would that be?”
“Because as an employee, an Aarlis Mining life insurance policy will cover her, equal in size to yours. The prior spousal benefit was only five thousand credits. Not even enough, should something awful happen, to send her remains back to Demos for internment.”
“I see it more as a ploy to force family members to stay.”
“I can see your viewpoint, but I can assure you that is not the intent. Read the fine print. I wanted to do something for the families, something that might lessen their stress about our current security situation. I thought this effort might help ease the tension over the four-day gap that remains before the Eagle's Wing arrives. Apparently my 'goons' did a poor job of explaining this. You have my apologies.”
“She won't be signing. Regardless of any phony policy. I'd like your people to leave her alone.”
Thomas sighed. “Very well. I'll see to it your family is not to be contacted again. Is there anything else?”
I glanced at Denise for several seconds. “You mentioned before you were working on an evacuation contingency plan. Certainly by now you must have something in place.”
“We do.”
“Then it might serve you well to let the people know. At least so any such evac would happen in a fast and orderly manner.”
“I had planned on making that announcement first thing tomorrow morning. But since it is such a concern of yours, I will go ahead and push it out this evening. I suppose we can't be too prepared too soon.”
I nodded, feeling triumphant in the way the conversation had gone. “Good. I look forward to hearing it.”
“Good night, Ray. And please let Denise know we really are doing all we can.”
The comm closed. Pea crawled off of my lap.
Denise looked up with a scowl. “He's such a snake. I bet this is the calm before the storm.”
A news alert came up on the display. “This just in. Only four days ago, our fleet located at the Mycene Colony engaged with a group of Togmal warships. We were victorious, destroying three of the five ships that were preparing for an attack. Our side took casualties, but all nineteen of our warships returned to base. And—”
An image of Thomas Goodall interrupted the news alert. “Employees of Aarlis mining...”
Thomas spent several minutes explaining the family member contracts and their benefits. His speech then went on to talk about the evacuation contingency, what it entailed, and what would be expected of everyone should the need for its implementation arise. After a lengthy discourse, we were told a representative would be coming to each of our apartments with details. If Thomas was to order an evacuation, we would have well-defined instructions to follow.
He closed with a statement about the employees being a highly valued team and how the corporation was doing everything possible to protect them. I wanted to reach through the display and grab him by the neck, but by the end he somehow had me convinced he was doing the right thing.
Denise said, “He's lying. And I'm not signing any contract. He can't force me. The writing is on the wall, Ray. TC will be the end of us all.”
I placed my hand over hers on the table. “And I wouldn't want you to sign. As I said, that would just lock you and Pea into remaining here. The bonus money is in our account. Should the government lift the travel ban, we'll be using that to send you and Pea home. And maybe with that fight we just won over the Togmal, that ban will be lifted sooner rather than later.”
Denise managed a half smile. “Sorry if I've been such a pain. I know you're doing all you can.” She turned, looking over at our daughter as she happily played on the floor. “I just want to get her to somewhere safe. Call it a mother's instinct if you will. The stress of being trapped here has me pulling my hair out. And I can tell you from the tone coming from the other mothers and fathers in Pea's lunch group they feel the same way. It just doesn't make sense to keep us here.”

Chapter   11
_______________________

My days were busy, sometimes stretching to fourteen hours. My morning cup of coffee was now a ritual three times per day. Just the aroma of it had me eager to get to work.
With the refurbishing, I felt we were making excellent progress toward correcting the issues from the drawing errors. I had a good team assigned to the effort and was expecting to bring the project to a conclusion both under budget and ahead of schedule. I would not fail and give Thomas the satisfaction of pushing me back into the checker position.
As another consolation, easing tensions if only slightly so, the mercenary teams arrived to protect us. Thomas made every effort to make their presence known, parading them around to the different cafeterias for talks during our lunch breaks. I had to admit, their level of professionalism surprised me. We all received instructions for a full evacuation plan which added to our feeling of security.
I was on the stairwell in one of the mines, directing my crews, when I felt several rumbles. I immediately thought one of the other two nearby mines were caving in, just as we had feared. I scrambled up six flights of stairs. When I reached the surface, I hurried to look out the transparent dome that encapsulated the top of the shaft; my eyes could hardly believe what they were seeing. A section of the main building was on fire.
Seconds later, an explosion happened just outside. It knocked me from my feet as it shook the dome with a tremendous force. I couldn't see where it had come from.
I tossed the tablet I was carrying at a bench as I ran past it, turning after toward the transparent walkway going to the main building. In a panic, I ignored my locker. It held both my comm and the expensive cold suit I had purchased several weeks before. My heart jumped into my throat as I thought of both Denise and Pea being in trouble... and I was about a kilometer away. The muscles in my legs pumped as I ran, but I couldn't seem to move fast enough.
I sprinted into the transparent cross-tunnel. It connected to the main building over five hundred meters away. A third explosion happened, almost knocking me from my feet. An alarm blared at the far end of the tunnel. There, the transparent enclosure cracked wide-open.
My boots slid to a stop as I turned to run in the other direction. A fierce wind forced me to put my head down as the heated air from the shaft and dome flew toward the breach. I almost panicked as the airlock door in front of me began to close. I ran and dove, my left shoulder striking the closing door as I passed through.
I fell to the floor, knowing I had just broken a bone. Before the pain registered, using my good arm, I rolled over and pushed myself to my feet. I staggered over to the bench where I had thrown the tablet and picked it up. The display was shattered. It would not turn on.
I glanced at my empty wrist, remembering my comm was in my locker. I hurried to the locker only to discover the steel door was jammed. Several kicks failed to force it free.
Another explosion rocked me. The transparent bubble covering the mine-shaft opening, just above my head—cracked. I could hear the hiss of air escaping, but the structure held.
Most of the dozen people trapped in the dome with me were scurrying about. Some stood still, blankly staring out through the dome at the main building. The ground began to shake as a section of the main building collapsed, obliterating the remains of the tunnel at the other end, blocking off that exit.
My heart jumped as a Togmal warship slipped overhead with its plasma weapons firing. Streaks of blue light shot across the short distance to the main building, sending debris into the air. New flames erupted and smoke billowed.
It was then I saw one of the merc ships, the Eagle's Wing, coming to our defense. More blue zips of plasma flew, this time striking the Togmal ship as it turned hard skyward. Bits of debris blew out from its tail section as the merc gunner earned his pay.
I was jolted by a bright explosion that I felt several seconds later in the form of a shockwave striking the dome. The transparent structure cracked further, and the temperature suddenly dropped, but the thick, polycarbonate dome held.
My eyes turned skyward as the damaged Togmal warship nosed over and rocketed directly toward us. The merc gunner continued firing out a devastating volley of plasma rounds as they followed. With an instinct I didn't know I had, I turned and ran toward the mine shaft. Down below would be safety, with generators, heat, water, and food. I passed through the doors heading to the massive elevator and wide stairwell going down.
I hesitated in front of the open elevator doors, wanting to step inside, but my brain was screaming out NO. As I took a glance back, the battered Togmal ship slammed into the ground outside. From the impact and from scattering debris, that side of the transparent dome shattered, sending a wall of subzero air rolling across the floor. A shockwave knocked down all those who remained out in the dome.
The hundred-person elevator I was contemplating boarding—dropped like a stone. The floor beneath me jerked one way and then the other, taking out my footing. I bounced forward, toward the opening, while at the same time an intense rush of air followed the elevator down. With my good arm I reached out, grabbing hold of the edge of the door. My legs went into the shaft and over the edge, dangling... but I held fast.
As I struggled to keep my grip, the frigid air from outside slapped me in the face, sending a chill down my spine. The air was so cold it felt solid. The bitter freeze clawed at my fingertips, but to release my grip meant certain death.
I gritted my teeth. Pea and Denise needed me. With all the might I could muster, I pulled myself out and rolled away from the opening. My broken arm was numb. I could see it was a displaced fracture from the lump under my coveralls. The skin was unbroken, but the bone had separated.
Supporting the break with my good hand, I gripped the leg of a nearby table with my other and slowly pulled, a scream of anguished pain erupted as the misaligned bone slipped back into place. My upper lip quivered as I passed out.
When my eyes opened, I could feel the grip of the cold taking hold of my senses. It had only been a few seconds, but a crystalline-white layer of frost had already formed around the dome fractures.
I willed myself to my feet, cradling my arm. I hurried over to the double doors that separated the elevator and stairs from the dome outside. If I wanted to save Denise and Pea, I had to keep myself alive first. I flipped a hook, swinging one of the heavy doors around, locking it into place with a latch on the floor. My entire body shivered from the shock of my injury and the epic cold. The second door closed with a comforting clang.
I dropped to my knees as a wave of warm air coming up from the still-open elevator shaft began to fill the room. The dome was gone, but there were generators, heat, and help in the mine below. When my senses had calmed to the level where I could again think, I stood and walked toward the steps going down. There would be medical staff, along with comms to the main building. Denise and Pea were foremost in my mind. 
I had only descended a single flight of stairs when I could hear voices coming up from deep below. It was a welcome sound. I let out a sigh of relief as I continued.
When I reached the recently repaired eighth turn, a tremendous vibration shook the stairwell. I took hold of the rail beside me, barely keeping my feet. I could hear the twisting and tearing of metal, then the hard cracks of concrete breaking, a sure sign the shaft supports below had failed.
For just a moment, screams echoed up from beneath. I turned to scramble back toward the top of the stairs. The lights in the shaft dimmed and were then completely blocked by a billowing plume of dust coming up from the collapse. I released the rail as it pulled from the wall.
I reached down, feeling my way up the stairs as the darkness enveloped me. I pulled my coverall over my face in an attempt to keep the excessive dust from my lungs. It wasn't enough. It took every ounce of will to keep myself from coughing, forcing me to suck in more of the fouled air.
“Is this it? Am I done for?”
The morbid thoughts again brought Denise and Pea back to the forefront of my mind. I was not going to let myself die without knowing if they were safe. I climbed up the final step, still not breathing, then scurried across the floor to the doors.
The handle felt almost frozen as I gripped it. When the light of the Echelon day streamed in, the cold again smacked the bare skin of my face. I sucked in a breath, the frigid air stinging my lungs.
As I wiped dust from my eyes, I hurried over to my locker. My first kick reminded me it was stuck.
“Come on Ray. Make this thing open.”
I kicked again and the locker door sprang free.
I grabbed the cold suit and comm before hustling back to beside the stairwell door where warm air, although full of dust, billowed up from below. I pulled the suit onto my legs first, shivering as I struggled to get my broken arm inside. I knew five minutes max in those temperatures would bring frostbite to my exposed skin.
The pain was excruciating. But when the zipper reached just under my chin, I knew I could make it. I pulled the hood over my head and cinched it tight. I took a pair of heavy gloves from my pockets and pulled them onto my aching hands. The right glove was a battle against the pain, but defeat was no longer something I believed in. I had to get back to Denise and Pea.
A side pouch contained a wool scarf. I wrapped it around my head and face. The wool warmed my breath, bringing immediate relief to my lungs. I placed the comm bracelet over the sleeve of my suit and opened a channel to Denise. The seconds that went by as I waited on a reply were a torment.
“Ray? Thank goodness. Are you okay?”
I sighed as I spoke through the scarf. “My arm is broken. And I'm outside. You? Pea?”
“We're good. We're in the room. Power is out. I have the cold suit on. I have Pea wrapped up tight. The temperature out in the hall is way down. What's going on?”
“The Togmal attacked. I guess they managed to get past the mercs and got in a few shots. Anything coming over your comm or the news channel?”
“Just the same message to stay in your rooms and make yourself warm. I've heard people screaming out in the hall. It's chaos. Wait... you're outside? And where are the mercs?”
“The dome over Mine One fractured. And the shaft collapsed. There's two thousand people down there, Denise. I see fires at the main building. Is the air in the hall clear or do you see smoke?”
“Hold on... some smoke. And the people going by are all heading toward the other end of the building. Not sure it's any better. I'm keeping us here. You get inside.”
“If the smoke picks up, you head out with the crowd. Otherwise, I'm coming your way. I don't know how I'll get in there, but I'll figure it out. Just know I'm okay.”
Denise sighed. “Crap. We've done absolutely nothing to secure this place. Best I have for defense is a kitchen knife. I wish I'd brought one of my weapons from home. All those years of training with my dad, I could at least give them a fight.”
“As far as I can tell, none have landed.”
“That's good. Your arm? How bad?”
“Not compound, just displaced. But back in place. Don't worry. I'll make it. Just keep safe.”
I walked toward the hole in the side of the shaft dome. I could feel the cold through my suit. I was still shivering, but it was tolerable.
I glanced down at my co-workers as I traversed the floor of the dome. Their bodies were beginning to freeze solid. I wanted to look away... but I couldn't. It was a relief when I reached the outside and left the sight behind.
As I crossed the hard, frozen surface of Echelon, I saw debris from the Togmal warship. Even given my desperate situation and my injury, curiosity got the best of me. I walked the few meters to the wreckage.
There I came upon our enemy. It was a Togmal crewman... or at least half of him. His helmet was split apart, revealing his gray, scaly skin. His eyes were stuck open. Bright-red, frozen stains of blood covered the ground where his lower half would have been. I pulled down the wool scarf just long enough to spit on his face.
As I walked further through the debris, I came across another body and then a third. The Togmal looked as though mad scientists had conducted some horrific genetic experiment where a human was cross-bred with a lizard. I was not impressed.
I then came across a Togmal weapon. It had the standard shape of an assault rifle, but with a power-pack and settings that weren't familiar. My knowledge of such was limited to the movies and video feeds I had viewed over my life while watching entertainment. I was far from an expert on weapons and had no military training.
I lifted the rifle in my good hand, looking over the various buttons and dials on its side. I selected a slide, pushing it forward. The electronics of the weapon came to life.

Chapter   12
_______________________

I don't know what possessed me, but I turned and took aim at one of the dead Togmal. I squeezed the trigger and a plasma burst shot forward, blowing a hole the size of a cabbage in the Togmal's frozen side. I experienced pure gratification.
I turned toward the building and was surprised to find five soldiers in hardened suits standing in front of me, their weapons trained. I lowered the Togmal rifle. The merc soldiers did the same once I was recognized as human.
“Sir. You shouldn't be out here.”
I gestured with a head nod. “Came from the dome. Heading to the main building. My wife and daughter are in there.”
“Tannis, take him to the ship.”
“My arm is broken.”
“We'll get you taken care of. Barts, take your team and check that structure.”
I shook my head. “No one but me made it. And the shaft going down to the mine collapsed. If anyone is alive down there, they're trapped.”
“We'll check it out, sir. Right now, let's get you to where it's warm and have our doc look over that arm.”
During the short walk to the merc ship, I wondered how they had landed so close to the wreckage without me realizing. If a Togmal ship had done the same, I would now be dead because of my inane curiosity.
I opened a comm to Denise as soon as I was on the merc ship. “Hey. I've been rescued by the mercs. You still safe?”
“The power has come back on and with it the heat. I think we're okay.”
Once I knew they were safe, the pain, the terror, and the fatigue set in. I suddenly felt faint and dropped to my knees. I heard the merc beside me call for help before I face planted onto the deck.
White light shattered my eyes. I blinked trying to focus. Denise’s face appeared; she was looking down at me with a smile. Was I dreaming?
“Hey there Sleeping Beauty” she said. “You’ve been out for over 7 hours.” Pea popped up beside her with a grin. My heart raced with joy. My family was there with me, and safe.
Denise gently brushed the hair on my forehead from my eyes with her hand. Her warm, gentle touch was like a huge hug, like something I would receive after being away for weeks. She picked up Pea and put her on the bed beside me. Pea leaned in for me to give her a kiss on the forehead and her little arms wrapped around my neck.
A doctor walked in. “Mr. Jackson. You appear to be a lucky man.”
“Yeah.” I thought. “I'm lucky. I have my family.”
“The break was clean. Who set it for you?”
“I did that myself, doc. I was desperate.”
“Well it went perfectly back in place. And the tissue surrounding it appears to be in good shape. I added a bonding agent that will keep it together until it fully mends. You'll experience some pain and discomfort around the break. While the damage was light, you still have muscles and other tissues that are bruised. Other than the pain, which will subside in a few weeks, the arm should be fully functional.”
“Am I free to go?”
“I would suggest you wait here another half hour, until you feel stable on your feet. Comm me if you have any questions.”
The doctor turned and left. I raised my arm, moving it around gently as I winced.
Denise smiled. “I hope it mends fast.” She glanced back at the door. “We're being relocated while they finish sealing off our hall from the outside. We're supposed to pack as much as we can. We have over a thousand people who are being moved.”
Thomas walked into the room. “Ray. Was glad to hear you made it out.”
“The people below? Are they...”
Thomas gave a half smile. “They're alive. It seems your fixes mostly held back a full collapse. Had you not made such rapid progress, we may have lost them all.”
“Are you bringing them out? How?”
“I've ordered the diggers in Shaft Two to tunnel the kilometer over to them. It will take several days, but they have their generators and supplies. And another team will be repairing the dome.”
It was news I needed to hear. “Thank goodness. When that shaft collapsed, I thought everyone below was gone.”
“Had it not been for your efforts, that might have been the case. Given the resulting situation, I've decided to give you another bonus.”
“Forget the bonus. Just let Denise and Pea leave. I'll stay and finish the job.”
“I've arranged for their transportation, along with that of the other non-employees.”
I shook my head. “I still can't believe you were trying to force everyone to sign a contract. That was just dirty.”
“Dirty? Do you realize how many people we just lost here in the main building? More than two hundred eighty... so far. And of those, just over two hundred of them signed that contract. Their spouses will now receive their full benefit. Certainly not a fair trade for their loss, but it should at least help with their burden, even if only in the slightest of ways.”
“You’re all heart TC,” I said.
“And might I add that those who refused to sign are now without benefit of any kind. They only have loss. I tried to do the right thing, Ray. But the naysayers convinced those people they shouldn't sign.”
Denise asked, “So, when are we going home? This stay has lasted an eternity. People are now dead.”
Thomas hesitated in thought for several seconds, deciphering Denise's comment. “I've sent for the first transport. It will take ten days or more to move everyone, but all non-employees are now to be evacuated. And to set your minds at ease about the raid, the mercs assure me it's no longer an issue.
“They are sending for an extra four ships and more ground crews. It seems they were still evaluating defenses when the raid happened. Another half day and those defenses would have been in place to prevent the attack.”
I wasn't feeling a fondness for my former classmate. “So, what was our casualty count?”
“As of an hour ago we've lost over three hundred, most of them being the non-employees here in the main building. The report also listed another several hundred with moderate to severe injuries, such as yourself, and several hundred more with minor injuries ranging from simple cuts and bruises to frostbite. And while no loss is acceptable, I believe our merc crews prevented a total annihilation. We can thank you for suggesting them.”
Thomas finished with a pursed smile. “Ray. Thank you again for all you've done. And Denise, I'll see to it you two are on the first available transport heading out.”
Denise's response was a single nod as well. The hard feelings in the room were thick enough to cut with a knife. Her eyes followed Thomas out of the room.
Denise let out a long sigh. “Something tells me we won't make that first transport.”
I wanted to smirk at her statement but was not feeling in the humorous mood. Twenty minutes later, the doctors released me.
The merc captain of the ship that picked me up came into the room as we were leaving. “Mr. Jackson. I talked it over with my crew and we've decided to give you your weapon back. The Togmal blaster you were holding when we found you... we drained the power cell and well... here. We added the commemorating nameplate, thinking it would make a good souvenir.”
I stared at him with a questioning look.
I held no animosity toward the merc captain. In their circles, souvenirs from the battlefield, even though a war had not been waged in centuries, had always been a thing. But I was not a soldier. Part of me took offense. Hundreds had just died and here he was handing me a trophy. I gave a single nod as I took the weapon into my hands.
We made our way back to our apartment. Our hallway had been repaired and sealed off from the bitter cold. We once again began packing. I placed the last bit of clothing into a bag when an alert came up on the display. 
A list of apartment numbers scrolled down on the screen. Those in red would be moving. Those in green would stay put. Apartment C3106 scrolled by in green.
Denise banged a frustrated fist on the table. “This place is driving me crazy.”
I placed a hand on her shoulder and wrapped the other around her waist. “Complaining won't help us. Just unpack. Tomorrow will be a new day.”
On our level, the shops and cafeteria areas had taken a beating. We were told to go down a level for our meals and other needs. It only added to Denise's already-soured attitude.
The following day, Thomas told me to report back to Mine Two to continue my work. I could see the damaged dome of Shaft One from where I was. There was a flurry of activity going on as attempts were being made to seal the breach. I wondered at what point I would be forced to return.
On my second day of work I began to wonder about the progress of the rescue tunnel that was supposedly under construction. I had not heard mention of it from any of the miners going up and down the stairs. Of course, most used the elevator as no one wanted to climb one hundred sixteen flights when their shift rotation was over. The ore was just under the surface on Echelon, and rich.
As I completed the day's work on Shaft Two, I stopped a pair of miners who had just gotten off the elevator. I questioned them about the progress of the rescue. They had been all over the diggings down below and had not heard of any that were heading toward Mine One for a rescue.
I was livid and raised Thomas on the comm.
“I hear good things, Ray. Can I take it this is good news about the retrofit of Shaft Two?”
“We just finished for the day, but that's not why I commed. The rescue. What happened? The miners I've spoken to tell me no progress has been made toward Mine One.”
Thomas looked down. “I learned earlier there was a new cave-in. With the dome there sealed, my engineers felt it would be faster tunneling through the debris of Shaft One. When they reached the bottom, they found the cave-in was extensive, taking out the generators and collapsing four out of the five side shafts. The fifth had been engulfed in flame, burning up all the oxygen. I've yet to break the news to the colony, waiting for full confirmation on exactly who was down there.”
“Who was down there? We know who was down there. We have a roster with just under two thousand names we can't account for. That's who's down there.”
“I understand your anger, Ray, although I feel it is misplaced. I did not kill these people, nor did I want them killed. That is the work of the Togmal. Furthermore, I am trying my best to bring home the materials our military needs to conduct war. If you haven't noticed, most of the encounters with these creatures have not gone our way. So please keep your hostile reactions to yourself. I am doing everything I know to do. No one has experience with this. And advice is coming from every direction at once.”
I could see he was genuinely dismayed. And as much as I didn't want to admit it, he was again right. I was judging his actions based on one fact alone, the fact that Denise and Pea were still here.
I took in and let out a long breath. “Sorry to be so short with you. This whole situation is frustrating.”
“For me as well. Here I am, the president of operations for this entire planet, and I feel I have little to no control. My decisions may seem heartless at times, but I have been given an edict from both my father and our government to keep these mines running at all costs. I'm doing the best I know how, Ray. I’m sorry if it seems like it’s not good enough for you.”
It was the first time I had been able to see things from his perspective. The decisions he had to make affected thousands. My decisions only needed to govern my family and me. He was my age. The amount of responsibility he had taken on had to be crushing.
I winced when I thought about what I was about to say. It was not the statement I wanted to make. In no way had I felt the need to be supportive of the most powerful man on Echelon... until that moment.
“Thomas. You're smart. You're motivated. You'll get this figured out. You get Denise and Pea out of here and I'll work my ass off to see that you're successful. As you have said repeatedly, the Union needs us. These mines must produce. I'll do my best to see to it that happens, if you just get my family to safety.”
“Thank you, Ray. Your support means a lot. I'll get with my team and see what we can do.”
The comm closed.
The bitterness I had been feeling toward my former classmate and friend was now gone. When I got back to our apartment, one look from Denise let me know she was not feeling the same way.
“How was your day? Were you able to finish Mine Two?”
I sat at the table. “Not a bad day. We did finish. It's structurally sound now. I'll be moving over to Mine Three tomorrow.”
“What about the rescue? Are they almost there?”
I hesitated to answer.
“Well?”
I winced. “There isn't any rescue.”
“What?”
The expression on Denise's face was one of confusion.
“Why? What about those people?”
“There won't be a rescue because they are dead. TC says they had another cave-in. I believe he's trying to get up the courage to tell everyone.”
“Dead? You mean all of them?”
I slowly nodded.
Denise sat back with her mouth agape. “No. This is not happening. Three of the mothers in my lunch group have husbands down there.”
“There was a second collapse and it was extensive. They believe all but one of the side shafts caved-in. The generators were taken out and with them the oxygen and water supplies.”
Denise crossed her arms. “Well, what about the other shaft? Couldn't they still be alive?”
“There were extensive fires, which burned the remaining oxygen. Didn't matter though. Without water they couldn't survive.”
“Oh, those poor people. This is horrible. We have to get out of here, Ray. This place is a nightmare that just keeps recurring.”
“For you and me both.”
Two days turned into five before the new merc ships arrived. After witnessing the performance of the merc gunners during the raid, I was now confident they could protect us from any minor attacks. That confidence was only bolstered when the mercs were able to thwart a second assault before the Togmal ships reached our atmosphere. It appeared that Thomas's protection money was well spent.
Another five days passed before a transport arrived. As Denise expected, the offer of her and Pea receiving passage on the first vessel was denied. Instead they used the ship as evac for those who had been severely injured. It was hard for us to argue against their more urgent need.

Chapter   13
_______________________

Several additional days elapsed with my family still at risk. Denise was ready to explode.
“Ray. That's five transports that have come and gone. The last one wasn't loaded with injured. It only took the family members of the top execs. And I hear there was room for others. What gives?”
“I'm sorry. I just had a big blowout with TC about this today. It seems the exec he had in charge decided he was going home himself. He slipped onto that last transport. TC is trying to unscramble the mess he left. There are accusations the guy took money to move others first.”
“You believe him?” An irritated scowl followed.
“I know you won't agree with my perspective. TC's bearing a huge responsibility right now. His father and the government are telling him to keep these mines open at all costs. He says he's doing everything he knows to do and is sorry if that doesn't seem enough. He also assured me not a half hour ago that you and Pea would be out of here as soon as possible.”
“Well we all know that's a lie or we would already be gone.”
Two more days came and went before we got the good news. Denise and Pea were scheduled for the next transport. I took a long lunch to see them off. When I arrived at the apartment, her bags were packed and sitting beside the door. I had mixed emotions. My elation over their departure was countered by my dread of the same.
I held her and Pea in a long embrace. “First chance I get to leave this place, I'm coming home.”
I set Pea on the floor. She wrapped her arms around my leg. “Daddy, I don't wanna leave you.”
It was heart-wrenching. It took everything I had to hold back the tears. “Sorry, Pea. But I need you to go and to take care of grandma and grandpa. They will be so happy to see you.”
“When will you come home?”
I knelt beside her, taking her sweet, sad face in my hands. “I will come as soon as I can. I promise. And I'll be running as fast as I can run. I'll miss you both terribly, but I have work I need to finish out here before I can come home. You promise me you'll take care of your mother?”
The teary-eyed three-year-old nodded her head. I pulled her in for a hug, picking her from her feet. A knock at the door interrupted us.
Denise said, “That's us.” She turned and wrapped her arms around me. “Ray, leaving you here is the hardest thing I've ever had to do. Are we doing the right thing? I know I've pushed for this. Will we really be better off?”
“Demos is defended by the Union. They have an entire fleet there. It has to be better than here. I can't risk having you and her here for another attack. All you have to do is get on that ship and go. Every minute away from here is a minute closer to safety.”
A porter pushed our bags as I walked my family to the space dock. I had a feeling of dread as we walked up the ramp onto the transport.
I helped my beloved family get settled into their assigned cabin and we held each other tight, squeezing Pea in the middle., The steward tapped me on the shoulder. “Sir. You have to go.”
I could tell Denise was nervous by the way she fidgeted. It was something I was not used to seeing. Her strength had always been my strength. I had a moment of panic, wondering if we were doing the right thing. Putting them on a shuttle in an area that had been attacked, was it a risk worth taking? Was it better than keeping them with me?
I pulled them in for one final hug, filling my nostrils with their scent. It was a scent I knew I would treasure until we were together again. I gave each a final kiss. Suddenly, I felt as though I had a big empty hole in my gut. I turned away before they could see me cry. I hurried to leave the transport with tears streaming down my face. I struggled against the temptation to turn back and grab them.
The steward who had helped them into their cabin was walking down the ramp beside me. “Sir. I don't know if it will be a comfort, but others have opened a comm once the transport has lifted off. You can still be in contact for nearly an hour. It might help.”
I nodded as I wiped my eyes. “Thanks for that. I'll give it a try.”
I stopped in the waiting area just outside the docks. Twenty excruciating minutes passed before I felt the rumble of the transport's engines. I watched through a transparent wall as the hundred-fifty-meter-long ship lifted from the port. A shudder ran through me as the secondary engines spewed out their thrust, rattling the wall in front of me.
I was thankful for what the steward had said. I wanted one last conversation with my family. I needed to see they were safely on their way. I opened a comm.
Denise smiled. “Miss us already?”
I took a seat on a bench, pulling over a swivel monitor and passing the comm connection to it. A smiling Denise and a grinning Paulette filled the display.
“Daddy.”
“Hey Pea. I just thought I would surprise you one last time.”
“This ship is bumpy.”
I nodded. “Will be like that for a few more minutes, and then it will be smooth as glass. You won't even know you're moving.”
Denise said, “I can't believe we didn't think of this before. It's a nice surprise.”
“To be honest, the steward who helped you wasn't on that flight. He was walking down the ramp beside me and suggested it. I'm glad he did.”
The chitchat went on for nearly twenty minutes. It was a lift I needed. 
We continued talking as they moved out to a common seating area from their cabin. I smiled as I watched Pea playing in the chair next to Denise. For the first time in months, I felt they were finally safe. The stress I was feeling dropped by more than half. I touched the display with my fingers as a calm settled in.
But that calm didn't last. The image on the display had a sudden change. Both Denise and Pea jerked up and down for several seconds. Pea nearly fell out of her seat as Denise reached out to grab her.
“What was that?” I asked.
“I'm not sure. But it wasn't normal.”
The audio was suddenly drowned-out as the voice levels around them rose.
Denise looked over her shoulder. “Something's going on back toward the cargo hold.” She turned back. “Pea. You stay right here in your seat, honey. And hold on. I'll be right back.”
It was something I had always admired about Denise. She was not afraid to find out what the real situation was. She had never been timid about taking charge. My feeling of dread returned as I thought of what the situation might be that would cause her to leave her child, even for only a few seconds.
“Ray. I'm giving my comm to Pea. Keep her company.”
Before I could say no, she was up and hurrying toward the back of the ship.
I said, “Pea. Hold up the comm so I can see where she went.”
“Like this?”
“Perfect. Now you and I will keep talking.”
“Where's mommy going?”
“She's just checking to make sure everything is okay. You stay where you are. And please hold that bracelet up where I can see... that's good.”
Seconds later, Denise came at a run. The look on her face was one of determination... and annoyance with her lack of control over the situation.
“Ray, I think we're about to be boarded.”
“What?” I stood. I desperately wanted to take action, but what could I do? “What do you mean?”
“There are sparks on the outer wall of the cargo area. The stewards are gathered there just watching. Someone is about to come in. It's either pirates or...”
Denise sprinted back toward the hold.
Pea was tearing up. “Daddy? Mommy’s leaving again.”
“Just stay where you are, sugar. We have to wait to see what your mommy is doing.”
I glanced around the waiting area. Everyone else was doing precisely as I was. We were all in a near panic, not knowing what to say to our loved ones. My arms wanted to reach through the display to grab my daughter.... an impossible task.
Denise came running back to the seat, carrying the Togmal souvenir weapon the merc captain had given me.
I asked, “What are you doing with that?”
“I don't know. But I'll figure it out. I have to do something.”
“The power cell is empty,” I said. “It's useless.”
“I know. But it's the only weapon we have. Maybe it will buy us a few seconds.”
“What's going on in the hold? Are there security people aboard?”
“A breach.”
Denise ran over and looked out a window as Pea followed her with the comm camera. When back, she grabbed the comm and looked straight into it. “It's Togmal. There's a ship attached to our hull. They're probably only minutes away from getting through. Haven't seen any security. I thought there would at least be a few of the mercs on here. We're defenseless, Ray.”
It was as if I had been struck by lightning. The adrenaline in my body surged. I paced back and forth, clenching my fists, unable to do anything to help my family. I felt tremendous guilt for putting them aboard.
“Go. Go toward the cockpit. Maybe someone up there has a weapon. They must have some minimum level of security on there. Is there an escape pod?”
Denise put the comm bracelet around her wrist. She pulled Pea from her seat. She began to run toward the front of the ship.
“The only weapon I saw is back there in the hold, Ray. One of the crew has a pistol. Plasma or otherwise, I don't know if it matters. He was aiming it toward the sparks. And his hands were shaking pretty bad.”
She found a corner near the locked cockpit door. The expression on her face was now one of resoluteness. She was a fighter. She always had been. And she was looking hard for a way out. She would do whatever it took to protect our daughter. But her options were limited.
The cockpit door opened. A crewman rushed out, heading for the cargo hold. Denise took the opportunity, bolting inside before the navigator standing at the door could stop her.
“You can't be in here.”
Denise held up the Togmal rifle. “Says who?”
The man backed away with his hands in the air.
Denise set Pea on the deck. “Ray. We've got to do something. Give me some ideas.”
I slowly shook my head as my mind raced. I had nothing.
“You.” Denise glared at the navigator. “Is there an escape pod on this ship? A lifeboat?”
The navigator pointed toward the cargo area. “In the back of the hold.”
She yelled at the pilot. “Put the ship in a spin or something. Try to shake them off.”
The pilot shook his head. “If they're clamped to the hull, it would rip us apart.”
Denise pulled the empty power cell from the weapon. “How do I charge this, Ray?”
I held up my hands. “I don't know. It's alien.”
Denise growled. “You aren't helping.” She turned. “Nav-boy. Can that lifeboat launch? Is it blocked by that ship?”
“I... uh... it goes straight up through the top. Not sure if it's blocked or not.”

Chapter   14
_______________________

Denise looked into the comm. “I'm going for the pod, Ray. Tell me the mercs are already coming this way to rescue us.”
“I... I don't know. I'll check.”
I scrambled to open a second comm to Thomas. It went unanswered.
I nervously responded, “He didn’t reply, but surely they must be aware.”
Denise asked the pilot. “You in contact with the port?”
“They're sending help. Twenty minutes at least.”
“Are we slowing and turning back?”
“We can't. Not with that ship attached. We're not in control.”
Denise looked into the comm camera. “We're going for the pod, Ray. I don't want to be aboard when the Togmal come through. Make sure the mercs know to look for us.”
Before I could say anything, she had Pea back in her arms and was sprinting toward the cargo hold. Her comm showed me a quick glance at the sparks that had almost cut out a full circle. She tried to open the door to the lifeboat but found it was locked.
“Gah.”
She ran back to the cockpit. The door was now closed and locked.
Denise banged with her fist. “Open this up or I'll blow it down.”
The crew didn't reply. 
She shouted at the closed door “At least release the lock on the lifeboat door.”
After several seconds of silence the navigator replied, “It's open.”
Another run was made to the back. “What a cluster, Ray. I'm on a transport loaded with idiots.”
When she opened the pod door a loud clang reverberated through the room behind her. I told her to hurry. The sounds of several whumps from plasma rifles were followed by the bang of the steward’s pistol exploding. Denise hurried inside the pod and reached to pull the door shut. Togmal warriors flooded through the breach.
Before the door could be fully closed, a Togmal wedged his boot in the opening. A kick with her foot dislodged the boot for long enough for the door to the life-pod be closed and locked.
Denise dropped the rifle and set Pea on the deck, turning to the console. The crew had not released the controls.
She pounded her fist on a panel. “Idiots. Ray. We're trapped. The console isn't active. I can't launch.”
She moved back to the door to look through the small viewport. “They're dragging everyone into the hold. Crap. There's the crew. We're screwed.”
Denise held up her comm bracelet so I could see. A Togmal commander came through the breach. He looked the pilot, copilot, and navigator up and down for several seconds. He seemed unimpressed.
The pilot and copilot attempted to grab a rifle. The struggle only lasted seconds. They were pushed to a corner and executed. The passengers turned away in horror.
I remained frozen, watching from afar, unable to act.
Several muted grunts by the commander were followed by the Togmal warriors ripping into the baggage in the hold. They opened up the suitcases and duffels and dumped them out. If they were looking for something, they didn’t seem to find it.
After a prompt by a soldier, the commander's eyes turned to face the life-pod.
Denise growled. “We're had, Ray. Can't believe I pushed so hard to be on this stupid transport. Figures.”
Her calm was something I lacked.
“How is this happening? Do something, Ray.”
My inability to do anything at all had me torn apart. And what if the merc crews arrived? What would be the outcome? Hostages? What if Denise and Pea were taken onto the alien ship? Or even worse...
The commander waved for Denise to come out. She picked up Pea, wiped the tears from her little cheeks and told her to hold on tight to mommy before she reluctantly complied with the order.
As the door opened, she said, “I love you, Ray.”
I again wanted to reach through the comm but I couldn't. “The pilot said the mercs are coming. Stall if you can. Just fifteen more minutes.”
The commander walked to Denise, letting out a series of grunts. What happened next made my heart skip. Denise spat in his face. A punch from a soldier next to them knocked her backward. She instinctively grabbed her face, while making every effort to not fall on our daughter.
The soldier pushed her back to a wall. I felt as though I was going to pass out. My blood pressure spiked.
I could hear Paulette quietly crying as she clung to her mother. The Togmal commander stood above them, giving Denise a serious evaluation. She brought her hand away from her face as she stared him down. Blood dripped from the corner of her mouth.
The commander let out a grunt as he poked Denise with the tip of his rifle. She returned a defiant glare before spitting blood on his boot. The commander let out a huff, followed by an irritated expression that looked like the same reaction a human would have had.
I was glued to the display. The commander let out another series of grunts, this time directed at his soldiers. They backed into the breach one by one until only the commander and a single soldier remained. The soldier moved over to the door going to the hall, pulling it closed. He used the butt of his rifle to damage the handle before checking to make certain it would not open. The soldier hurried past the commander, stopping in the breach to offer cover.
The commander gutted out a series of grunts and then bared his teeth. Denise reached out for his weapon. My eyes grew wide. In response, he grabbed her by the arm, jerking her to her feet and knocking Pea to the floor. He dragged her toward his ship.
She turned with an outstretched hand. “Pea.”
The image from her comm bracelet bounced around, only showing small snippets of the situation. I remained frozen with fear.
The commander stopped as he reached the cutout, looking down. Denise continued her defiant glare. He let out another grunt before throwing her back to the floor. He walked into the hole.
Denise got to her knees and said, “That's it? That's all you lizards got?” I could see she knew what was coming next.
I tried to scream into the display for her to shut up, to run back to the pod, but no sound came from my dry throat.
Seconds later, I heard the breach hatch close with a heavy clump.
Denise looked over at the navigator as she stood with Pea in her arms. “You. In the pod. Help me launch it.”
The navigator was slow to move.
Denise yelled, “Go. They're about to detach.”
He stumbled ahead... practically falling into the pod. She was right behind with Pea, pulling the door closed. The other passengers didn’t try to join them, they were frozen in fear. For Denise, there wasn't time to wait.
As the pod door locked, the Togmal ship de-clamped. Denise watched through the viewport as the passengers were sucked through the hole out into the cold, dark void of space.
She pointed at the console. “Launch us, idiot.”
The navigator flipped a switch and entered a password. A flashing green button indicated the pod was ready to go. Denise reached over with a glare, slapping it down. Several clanks rang out before the pod jettisoned.
Denise looked into the comm, Pea turned to see me too. “Ray. I did the best I could. Pray for a miracle.”
I was unable to speak; I nodded and wiped the tears from my face.
She moved back to the viewport in the door. The life-pod was in a slow roll. She held her comm up so I could see. The Togmal ship opened fire. Blue flashes and orange fireballs followed as plasma explosions ravaged the transport. The ship burned bright and then disintegrated into a long trail of debris.
Denise said, “Ray. Take care, baby. I don’t think they will let us go. I love you.”
I again tried to speak, but nothing came out. My brain denied the whole event was happening.
Pea clung to her mother, scared and confused about what was going on. I began to shake. Tears flowed from my eyes. I dropped to my knees, begging for something to happen, something to save my wife and daughter. She held the comm back up to the viewport. The Togmal ship slowly turned toward the pod.
“Ray. Don't tell me if the mercs are almost here. Ignorance is bliss.”
I wanted to ask what she meant but didn’t get the chance. As the Togmal ship came up beside them, a small cannon was fired on the pod door. Before it hit, Denise pulled Pea around to her front and pointed the camera away from them, sparing me the view. The door blew open, expelling Denise, Pea, and the navigator into the cold dead of space. As her body slowly spun, every few seconds the comm camera showed an image of the enemy ship as it moved away.
The image of the Togmal cannon flashed blue for an instant as the comm connection ended. My family was gone... vaporized by a stream of high-energy plasma.
I was in shock. People surrounded me, all crying out, but I couldn't hear their voices. My emotions were running the gamut of despair, grief, sorrow, and outright rage, all at the same time.
Several minutes passed before the sounds around me began to come through. Crying and wailing echoed along with the growing din of people talking and yelling as others came into the waiting area. My eyes looked around. Everyone seemed to be moving in slow motion.
The moment I became fully aware, the shock of the noise and the crowd surrounding me, sent me falling backward onto the floor. I was slightly aware of being lifted onto a gurney and wheeled to a medical bay, but I was still unable to control my own body or speak. A sedative put me in a daze and my consciousness faded.
When I opened my eyes, I recognized the bright lights of a hospital room, but it wouldn’t have Denise and Pea greeting me. My throat tightened when I saw a sad-eyed Thomas standing over me.
“Ray, I'm so sorry. I came down as soon as I heard. This is horrible. I feel responsible for not getting them out sooner.”
My mind was still in a fog. I wanted to reach for his throat, but my muscles wouldn't move. Thomas said his peace and left the room before the full recognition of what had transpired came back into my thoughts.
“This isn't real. She's going to walk through that door with Pea in her arms. Just wait, Ray. Any second...”
The seconds turned into minutes as the scenes from before played in my head over and over. My blunt denial of the situation was not working. I willed for her to come to my side... but no one came. I rolled over, facing away from the psychiatric nurse who was sitting by my bed. I determined that none of this was happening.
My denial lasted three days. I wouldn't eat. I wouldn't drink. I wanted desperately to be with my wife and daughter. The hospital staff was keeping me alive with IVs. 
On the third day, the merc captain came to see me, carrying a bag. “Mr. Jackson. I'm so sorry. We arrived only minutes too late. The ship was nothing more than a debris field. But we did find the pod. And this.”
He removed the trophy rifle from the bag.
“I wasn't sure if you would want it or not. And no one else knows we recovered it. So if you want to toss it feel free to do so. Again, so sorry for your loss. We'll make them pay, sir. This won't go unsettled.”
The merc captain bowed and left. I stared at the bag with the rifle. It was not something I had any desire to see. But there it was... a symbol of Denise's defiance, and one of the last things she touched.
The protective curtain of denial suddenly flew back. That denial went straight to rage. I had an epiphany. I would not just shrivel up and die. I would not allow Thomas or the Togmal to win. I would fight back with every breath, exacting justice for Denise and Pea. It was what Denise would have wanted me to do. Her defiance to the end showed me the way.
I yanked the IV from my arm and stood, taking a moment to stabilize myself as the blood rushed from my head. My action shocked the half-asleep nurse into awareness. I grabbed my comm and placed it on my wrist.
“Mr. Jackson? What are you doing? Where are you going?”
“Home. I have to things to do.”
“You might want to put on some clothes first.”
I glanced down and saw my back half was naked.
“They've been cleaned and are on the counter over there.”
I got dressed, grabbed the rifle-bag and stormed out. My first stop was our apartment. I didn't know why I had gone. I knew it would be overwhelming. When I opened the door, a strange family was sitting around our table.
“What are you people doing here?”
A woman said, “They moved us in while ours was being repaired. Who are you?”
“I live here.”
The man at the table was apologetic. “Sorry. The corporation put us in here. Maybe they thought you were dead?”
“Where's my stuff?”
The man shrugged. “Was empty when they moved us in.”
A comm came in from Thomas. “Ray. Where are you?”
“In my apartment. There are other people living here.”
“Yes. I had your things moved up a level. I thought it might be less... stressful. The med bay called and said you had left. Please, allow me to help. Come up to my office so we can talk.”
I balled up a fist and headed his way. I laid the blame at Thomas's feet. His delays had placed Denise and Pea on that transport. The punch I had wanted to deliver so many times before was coming his way.
When I entered his office, two bulky security guards were standing in front of me. They thwarted my attempts to go around. It was then I saw Thomas's face. It was sullen. There was a darkness around his eyes. He was looking down and to the side.
“Please sit, Ray. I don't have the energy to fight.”
“You put them on that ship, Thomas. You are responsible for their deaths.”
Thomas held up a hand in capitulation. “I am. And I'm responsible for the deaths of the other ninety-six passengers as well. I put them on that transport. I sent it out without an escort. I know it doesn't help, but I tendered my resignation to my father.”
The situation caught me off guard. I was expecting to find a defiant and smug Thomas Goodall. Instead I faced what appeared to be a broken man. More of a kid really. The thought raced through my head that we were both kids. What person our age was ready to take on the management of an entire planet— during a war. And who would be emotionally equipped to handle the loss I had just had?
As my anger at Thomas eased, it grew with myself.
“Why am I not raging mad? I should be. I should be kicking his ass right now.”
“My efforts here have been one epic failure after another, Ray. What can I do? Tell me. Anything?”
I came to the realization it was the Togmal I hated, not Thomas. His inaction only made him an enabler, and not a willing one. He had been taking direction from his father and the advisors who had been chosen for him. Despite his careless actions, I believed him to be a kind person, who actually cared for me and Denise. His contrition had me confused as to what to do. I felt vengeful, but it wasn't him I wanted to punish.
I took a seat in a chair across from him, sulking. “You're right. You weren't ready for this. Neither of us were.”

Chapter   15
_______________________

Thomas looked directly at me for the first time since I entered the room. “I truly am sorry, Ray. I would give my own life if I thought it would bring them back.”
I knew he made the statement as a friend but would not have honored it. Thomas Goodall was not interested in giving up his life for anyone. Neither of us was prepared for this. This was war. People died and more would be dying.
“What's in the bag?”
“Personal items.” I blurted out, “I'm joining the Marines.”
Thomas stared for several seconds before slowly nodding. “I would want to do the same. You can't get justice here, Ray. Out there, fighting, maybe. I know the rage you must be feeling. I wish there was something I could do to ease your pain. But anything I have to offer would seem petty.”
“You could let me out of my contract. Let me go. Let me join the Marines.”
Thomas let out a long sigh. “My gut tells me that will be a bad move, Ray. You're reacting to grief. The Marines, while honorable, will probably not give you what you seek. They may stick you in some supply warehouse moving boxes. You might never see a Togmal.”
“Still. It's what I want, Thomas. Let me go. Let me do this. I can't stay here.”
Thomas looked to the side in thought. His fingers tapped nervously on his desk. When his eyes came back, he gave a single nod.
“Consider your contract void, Ray. There are two transports leaving this week. Hop on either one you want. Both will have an Eagle's Wing escort, including personnel on the transport itself.”
I stood. “As far as the updates to shaft three go, you have a good team in place. They are fully capable of completing the work without me.”
I turned for the door. Thomas's guards came toward me. With a wave of his hand, they stopped. I made my way to the new apartment. I would have to wait an excruciating sixteen hours before the next transport was taking off. 
I entered the apartment and sat back on the bunk. For the first time in four years, I was totally alone. My estranged parents had thrown me out, even though I was only fourteen, turning me over to the state because they were too lazy to provide—and usually too drunk to care. I wasn't a bad kid. I just didn't have parents who cared. I had vowed to be better.
My parents were only-children as was I. I had no aunts, uncles, or cousins. My grandfather on my mother's side had passed when I was five and my grandmother just before my parents abandoned me.
I loved Denise's parents. They were kind, caring, and responsible, the exact situation every kid should have. I dreaded the thought of bringing them the bad news. 
The following day, the transport departed as scheduled. An Eagle's Wing warship rode beside us. The kids on the trip were constantly staring out the windows. I was constantly staring toward the cargo hold.
During the nine-day ride, I relived the Togmal raid over and over in my head. A thousand times they boarded the transport and a thousand times she was sucked out into space from the pod. I repeatedly cried—until the transport touched down on Demos.
A small shuttle ferried me to Denise's parents' home. Don and Darlene were happy to see me, even given the situation. After going through the ordeal of explaining what happened to Denise and Pea, they smothered me with love, trying with every fiber of their being to offer comfort, in spite of their loss. It helped with the pain but did nothing to ease the rage I was feeling.
In the morning, with Don's encouragement, I took a sky-taxi to the nearest Marine recruiting station to enlist. They informed me I could join as an officer which would give me preferences as to my posting, I told them I didn't care, just so long as it was the front lines and I would be able to kill Togmal. The recruiter was eager to sign me up as enlisted Marine infantry.
Instead of returning to Denise's parents’ house, I rented a hotel room across the street from the recruiting center. Seeing them and seeing the house, being that close to the room she grew up in... was too hard. I needed something to occupy my mind, something to blunt my raging frustration.
Don offered a solution, meeting me at the local pub. We talked of his time in the Marines as I drank myself into oblivion. He helped me back to my hotel with understanding.
The following day, a comm from the recruiter came in. I was to report to his office. I was only to bring myself and the clothes I was wearing. I placed my personal things in a box and shipped it to Denise's parents. My extra clothing and the other items I cared nothing about were donated.
I walked across the street to the recruiting center. That's where I met Hayden, Max, and Juan, as introduced by Hayden. Each had joined for the adventure and to fight and kill Togmal.
What happened next was unexpected. Joining the Marines with us was Sheila, Denise's friend from Baxter. She had come in on a shuttle the day before and stayed the night at Denise's parents' house. Don had told her about my enlistment in the Corps.
She was as enraged over Denise and Pea's death as I was, and wanted to inflict revenge on the Togmal for her own pain. She had just finished signing the recruitment papers when I arrived.
She briefly offered condolences over my loss before we were herded onto a Union Marine Corps shuttle. Juan took the seat next to Sheila, giving her a smile. She would typically be pawing him over, flirting with her every wink and smile. He would have no idea what was coming. But Sheila only had revenge on her mind.
I was mostly quiet on the ride to the induction center. Sheila knew why. And she knew I was not in the mood to discuss it. I needed the time to mourn in solitude.
Hayden was three years my younger and had only recently moved from the Tellico Colony for work. The job he had come for, working a ride at a theme park, disappeared when war was declared. Demos had yet to be attacked, but the vacation destinations on the planet were suffering from low patronage. People worried. With that worry came a tendency to stay close to home.
Hayden scratched his head as he told his story. “I suddenly found myself being put out on the street. I literally don't have a credit to my name right now. Joining up was my only choice. I was told I'd get to kill aliens. So...”
Max, a year older than Hayden, went next. “I was at a trade school. My grandfather always had great stories of when he was in the Marines. I felt I owed it to my family to join, to protect them. Who knows, maybe I'll have a few adventures along the way.”
Hayden asked, “What were you in trade school for?”
“Cooking.”
Hayden laughed. “From a wannabe cook to a Marine. Quite the transition.”
Max shrugged. “Was the only thing I was good at. That and running.”
“Running? Like away?”
Max bristled. “No, as in distance. For some reason I can run for almost ever. I just put myself in a rhythm and go. My grandfather said he was the same way. What about you? Anything special?”
Hayden propped an elbow on the arm of his chair and made a muscle. “Arm wrestling. I have a crushing handshake. You got a half-credit coin on you?”
“They took all that stuff. Or told us not to bring it.”
“Oh, yeah. Well if you had one, I'd show you how I bend it, using my thumb and finger.”
“You can bend a coin?”
“That's why they call me Hayden the Hammer.”
“Who calls you that?”
“Well, besides you and me, no one.” he chuckled. “But they will. Once I tell enough people to call me that. Is Max your full name?”
“Maximus Garvin.”
Hayden nodded. “Maximus Mayhem. That's what we'll call you. Sounds intimidating. And you?” Hayden looked at the recruit next to Sheila.
“Juan Duplo.”
Hayden grinned. “The Juan and Only.” We all had a good laugh. He turned his eyes to me. “You?”
“Ray.”
“Alright... Raygun Ray.”
I shook my head. “I'd just prefer Ray, if it's all the same.”
Hayden held up his massive stone hands. “Have it your way, Dull Ray. Now the little lady?”
Sheila smiled. “Sheila Getz.”
“Sheila Getz 'em Every Time.”
I smirked. “Hardly.” I had blurted it out without thought.
Sheila pointed a finger. “Easy, Ray, you don’t want to be ‘black-eyed Ray’, do you?”
The conversation went on for several minutes with Hayden the Hammer, Maximus Mayhem, the Juan and Only, and Sheila Getz 'em trading barbs and quips. When the shuttle descended toward the induction center, I realized it was the first time in a week I had felt halfway normal. The four other members of my recruiting group were good folk. Except for Sheila, their attitudes seemed to focus on the Marines being more of an adventure than a commitment. I hoped that notion was a result of my own bent outlook.
We were escorted into a room by a friendly face and placed in a line. Hayden was just in front of me as we worked our way up to a desk where an old, decrepit looking sergeant sat. He perused a display as each recruit came before him.
Hayden stepped up.
“Name?”
“Hayden the Hammer.” It was said with a grin.
“You joining us to clean latrines, son?”
Hayden's grin faded. “No, sir. Joining to fight Togmal.”
“Well Mr. Hammer, it seems you're trying to start your way up from the very bottom.”
“It's Roth, sir. Mr. Roth. Hayden Roth.”
The sergeant leaned back in his chair. “Oh. So, you came up here using a false name? You do realize that's a felony, right? And since you signed those recruitment papers already, the Marines own your lard ass. Which means I own your lard ass.”
“Yes, sir. My apologies.”
“And you see this patch on my shoulder? I'm a sergeant. You don't call enlisted men and women sir. You call us by our rank.”
“My apologies, Sergeant. It won't happen again.” Hayden stood with his chest poked out and a stiff back.
“What is that pose, Mr. Roth? Are you mocking me?”
“No, s—Sergeant. Just standing up straight.”
The sergeant sighed as he turned to the man next to him. “Corporal, take this stooge away. I'm tired of looking at him.”
The corporal gave a confused look. “Away, Sergeant?”
“As-in to the next line. Unfortunately, we're at war and we need stooges.”
Hayden's grin returned.
The corporal waved a hand. “Come this way, Mr. Roth. And welcome to the Marines.”
“Name?”
“Ray, Jackson, Sergeant.”
“Says here you lost people in the Echelon transport incident.”
“Wife and daughter, Sergeant.”
“Is that why you joined?”
“It is, Sergeant.”
“You want to kill Togmal?”
“I do, Sergeant. All roads lead to Rome.”
“What?”
“Just something my wife used to say, Sergeant. It means we're heading to fight the Togmal anyway. It's inevitable.”
I wasn't sure why that saying had popped from my mouth. Denise had used the phrase a number of times after studying our earlier cultures. I had the sudden realization I could recall dozens of those phrases without thought. I decided at that moment to try to use them more often as a tribute to her memory.
“Good.” The sergeant pointed a finger. “But let's get one thing straight. In here you follow orders. If your CO tells you to kill Togmal, you kill Togmal. If they tell you to kiss Togmal, what do you do?”
“Kill Togmal, Sergeant. I'll blow them a kiss once they're dead.”
“Are you trying to be funny, Mr. Jackson?”
“Couldn't be more serious, Sergeant.” I stared straight ahead.
“I feel for your loss, Mr. Jackson, but keep this in mind, this is not the place for revenge. You follow orders here, you do the job you're told to do and nothing more. Got it?”
“I signed up to kill Togmal, Sergeant.”
A sigh followed. “Corporal, show him the way.”
“Down this hall and first door on the left, Mr. Jackson.”
It was official. I was a Marine. In the next room they shaved my head, took measurements of practically every body part, and sent me through a sonic shower. I was a bit shocked to see a naked Sheila Getz in the shower just behind me.
“Nice buns, Ray.”
I continued to look forward. We exited the shower room to find clothing and boots ready for us. I dressed, pulled on the boots, snapped the fasteners, and followed the other Marines to the next room where we took the oath of allegiance.
A corporal was standing in front of our group of thirty. He raised a large serrated-edge knife above his head. The man was of average height, but his hips were wider than his shoulders. The voice that followed was unnerving.
He belted out a squeaky tone, “This is your combat knife. It is your life. You treat it like you're married to it. You love it, but you don't make love to it. That would be bad. Treat it with respect. Always keep it close and at the ready. You never know when it will be needed.”
A mannequin on wheels, dressed in black, was thrust from a side door by another Marine. The corporal vaulted toward it with an ear-piercing screech. The blade of the knife drove deep into the chest of the mannequin. The corporal calmly pulled back his hand, leaving the knife where it had been planted. Most of the new recruits stared—wide-eyed, I took mental notes.
“Always ready. Just make certain of your target before taking action.”
The corporal walked back to a table he had been standing by. He picked up a plasma rifle and took aim at the mannequin.

Chapter   16
_______________________

“A supply sergeant will issue you a rifle when you arrive at boot camp. We call it a boot rifle. The weapon you will receive will be de-tuned. The result will be a plasma strike that is similar in magnitude to a punch. Do not play with the rifle, it is not a toy. It can easily bust out an eye, eardrum, or thump you hard enough in the chest to cause your heart to stop beating.
“The only time you will make use of the boot rifle is during training when you are wearing both a helmet and a chest protector. If you are missing one of those items, do not pick up your boot rifle. Doing so and getting caught will earn you time in the brig. And believe me when I say this, the Marines running the brig are not your friends. You will very much regret being sent there.”
The corporal aimed the rifle and pulled the trigger. The mannequin suffered a dent to its chest, sending the knife out onto the floor.
Hayden chuckled and whispered. “If he can make the knife come all the way back to him, I'll be impressed.”
The corporal stopped. “Did someone say something?”
Max stepped forward, clearing his throat. “Bit of a cough, Corporal. Sorry.”
The corporal returned a suspicious look. “I see. What's your name, Marine?”
“Maximus Garvin, Corporal.”
“Well Mr. Garvin, come up here.”
Max strode up front.
“Grab that combat knife from the floor.”
Max walked to the knife, bending over to retrieve it. The corporal lifted his plasma rifle, took aim, and squeezed the trigger. The impact sent Max flying into the mannequin, knocking it from its stand.
The corporal lowered his weapon. “Always be prepared.”
I held back an angered Hayden Roth as he began to step forward.
Max turned with a momentary look of rage, throwing the knife with a grunt. I jerked back my head in shock as the knife stuck deep into the corporal's leg, just below the knee, almost knocking him from his feet.
The corporal looked down and then back. “Outstanding throw, Mr. Garvin. Where did you learn to throw a knife like that?”
“My grandfather is a Marine.”
The corporal smiled. “How did you know?”
“Know what, Corporal?”
“About my prosthetic leg.”
Max let out a breath he was holding. “I didn't know, Corporal.”
Chuckles and murmurs overtook the group silence.
Hayden snickered. “Now that is classic. I think Max Mayhem is going to find the adventure he's looking for. Maybe before we even make boot camp.”
The corporal turned to face us. “Each of you will take note of the narrow pocket on your right pant leg. You cannot penetrate that material with your knife. The small bit of padding will keep you from harming yourself. Come up to this table, take a knife, and place it in its new home. As I said earlier, this is your sweetheart. Love it, cherish it, protect it, and always, always keep it at the ready.”
As Max picked a knife from the table, the corporal put a hand on his shoulder. “Thank you for this teaching aide, Mr. Garvin. I'll be using it with each new group coming through here. It has a nice look to it, don't you think?”
“Impressive, Corporal.”
“Impressive indeed. I apologize for using you like that. You will find it uncomfortable to sit for about a week. Unfortunately, you will likely have many bruises by the time you leave boot camp. Good luck, Mr. Garvin.”
We were next escorted out onto a tarmac and loaded onto a large transport. This one held more than three hundred new Marines who had all just come through the processing center. When we took seats, Sheila shifted around to sit next to Max.
Juan turned to face me with a confused scowl. “What'd I do?”
I leaned in. “She's a hopper. Before this flight is over, she'll probably be making out with Hayden.”
Hayden nodded. “The Hammer would be okay with that.”
The transport lifted.
As we came up through the atmosphere, a sergeant walked to our section. “Listen up. This flight takes seven days. We are headed to the Mycene Colony for your initial boot training. The camp there is nestled in the middle of a hot, nasty swamp. You will be spending six weeks of basic training in a place you'll wish you had never heard of.
“This is where we separate Marines from non-Marines. If you can't cut it, we will transfer your enlistment to the Army. And from what my brothers and sisters in the Army have told me, Marine washouts are typically made into latrine mechanics or promoted to floor sweepers. I think each of you knows what that means. So, you will want to be giving it your all on Mycene.”
The sergeant drew in a breath as he looked us over. “I see weak. I see slow. I see dumb. I see ugly. Looks like a good group.”
The chuckling helped to break the tension.
“You are assigned to bunkroom twenty-six. It will be crowded, it will be noisy, and it may very well stink. We are hot-bunking on this flight. There will be three shifts. You get eight hours in the sack before the next group hits.
When you wake you will be sent through a sonic shower and given a clean uniform. You will be fed. You will have one hour of calisthenics, you will rest, I will guide you through online lessons, and you will repeat. We will follow this process three times per day until we arrive.
The sergeant took a step back. “I know it may be mid-morning for some of you, but this is your turn in the bunkroom. Your eight is already... two hours over, so you'll want to hustle back there and get settled in.”
He pointed with an extended arm and open hand. “Bunkroom twenty-six. Move out.”
The sergeant was right about the noise. Nearly half the recruits were snorers. Several were crying. I laid awake during our time in the dark room. Again, the day's events had done well to occupy my mind. But when at rest, I always came back to the same thing... reliving the final minutes of Denise's standoff.
Two hours after arriving at Mycene, we were herded into a room where another sergeant barked out orders. After donning heavy packs, we were marched outside. The air temperature was cold, but not intolerable, at least by Echelon standards.
The sergeant marching beside us made a remark. “I can see by your happy faces that you are in love with this environment. You were probably told how hot and miserable MBC can be. And for nine months out of the fourteen-month year, it is. You lucky folks happen to have come in during our few months of winter.
“Now. Before you begin to celebrate, just know that temperatures will be falling below freezing at night. During your stay here you will be spending a lot of your time in water. So instead of sweating your asses off... you'll be freezing them off. I tend to prefer the sweating myself. The water can then be a pleasant relief.”
We followed a trail around the training facility. Two kilometers turned into five and then ten. Hayden was big, and muscular, but his body was not built for endurance. He clomped along like an Earth-horse while Max was in his element. Juan, Sheila, and I kept pace with each other, but were worn to a frazzle by the end of the fifteen-kilometer jaunt. We were allowed a short rest, fed a lunch, given an hour of classroom instruction, and then sent out for another fifteen kilometers.
By the third day, I felt as though my legs were going to fall off. But the young human body has a way of adjusting to adversity. By the end of the week, the soreness and fatigue I had previously been feeling was replaced by energy. I wondered if it was the training or if they were slipping something into the food.
On day eight, we were each issued our de-tuned boot-camp blaster. We spent an hour listening to a corporal as he gave us detailed instruction on its care and handling. It really was a nearly indestructible weapon. It would function in high or low temperatures and above or below water. We soon found out how effective it was in the mud.
We put on helmets and chest protectors, gathered our boot rifles, and were marched to a range. Next, we fired the rifles at targets until the small charge in each had been completely exhausted. We were then hustled to a field that was little more than a giant mud-pit.
One by one we were sent into the waist-deep mud. We had to make our way across to a post, two hundred meters on the other side, and then back. Meanwhile, several dozen recruits from the previous class, those who had scored highest in marksmanship, stood on scaffolding on either side of the pit.
As we slogged through the mud, the marksmen on the scaffolds took shots at us. While mostly protected from serious injury, we were told there had been an occasional snapped neck. I endured several jolts that tested my body's limits. Hayden was up front. Max was beside me. Max and I struggled.
Ten meters behind were Juan and Sheila. It was Juan's day, as ordered by our sergeant, to pair up with her. Hayden was never happy with that rotation. He constantly glanced back, making him a favorite target of the marksmen. But Hayden was all muscle. The jolts from the plasma strikes that hit him only made him mad.
At one point the barrages striking him were so common I thought he might snap and rush the near scaffold. But his determination pushed him ahead. I decided at that moment that if I were ever in combat with the Togmal, I would want Hayden there beside me... soaking up the charges and shrugging them off.
Hayden turned my way. “I can't say this is much fun.”
“All work and no play, makes Jack a dull boy.”
“What?”
“Just something my wife used to say.”
Hayden charged forward with a yell, punching the turn post before heading back toward the other end. I was relieved when the day finally came to an end.
Our training regimen over the next five weeks was extremely physical. By the end, fatigue was an almost foreign concept to me. I did as I was ordered and then did it again. My mind never lingered on the fact I was tired, sore, or hungry. I locked my mental state on accomplishing the goals that were set out for me. The others in my group were feeling the same.
Boot camp graduation came and went in a flash. We were given our ranks, privates, and sent out on our first deployment. It was not to any of the areas where there had been a conflict. Instead, our new posting was on Epsilon III; close to Earth and about as secure a planet as there was. Within weeks we were all going stir-crazy with inactivity. The fighting we had prepared for was non-existent.
The first few months were difficult. My mind always wandered back to Denise and Pea. I was thrilled our little team had been allowed to stay together but dismayed at the lack of purpose. There were no goals. Other than thirty minutes of daily calisthenics, we had virtually nothing to do. For whatever reason, the Togmal had not been heard from since I lost my wife and daughter.
It was a Friday. Hayden was sitting on his bunk next to mine. He used his combat knife to practice thrusting and slicing maneuvers. The look in his eye told me he daydreamed about encountering a Togmal.
I did much the same. But in my dreams, I was always asking them why. Why had they taken so much from me? Why did they refuse to talk to us? Why were they attacking for no sensible reason?
My thoughts were interrupted when our lieutenant walked into our barracks. “Listen up, Marines. Pack your gear. We're being transferred. You have five minutes to be in formation outside. Let's move it.”
Out of boredom I had kept my pack stuffed and at the ready. I put on my chest plate, pulled my pack over my shoulders, and strapped my helmet to my head.
The lieutenant was standing by the door going out. “Now that's a prepared Marine.”
I stopped beside him. “Where are they sending us, lieutenant?”
“Haven. The force there is moving. There's been an attack on the Dunedin Colony. I can't tell you any more because I don't know any more. Go. Get in formation, Private.”

Chapter   17
_______________________

We were hustled onto a transport and were soon on our way. No news other than the orders had come in before our departure. Haven IV was farther out than Demos, but still six days from Echelon. There had been no prior reports of activity near Haven. The ride out was long and boring.
That all changed when we were within comm range of the colony. Word came in, including images, of the attack on Dunedin, an agricultural colony on the edge of Union space. It had a single spaceport and twenty thousand colonists. It was a quiet, uneventful place... until this attack.
The Togmal raid on Dunedin was devastating. The spaceport, Collin's Find, was left as little more than a smoldering field of ash. The colonists, every last one, had been rounded up and executed, dumped in a rotting pile for our people to find. The Marines at Haven were the nearest battalion at only four days away. We were now their backup. But we were still not in any fight.
I was sitting in the common area of our barracks, watching the others play cards. Max was cleaning house. Hayden ensured everyone in the barracks was paying attention—with the occasional pounding of his giant fist. He was losing. The startled reactions of the others at least gave him a bit of satisfaction.
Juan was also on the losing end. His level of attention was fleeting. Sheila whispered into his ear as she caressed the side of his shaven head. A small part of me was curious about what she was saying, but the rest of me didn't want to know.
The barracks on Haven were old, built only a few decades after the planet was settled more than two centuries before. Their construction resembled a concrete box. Given the fact they were also buried under two meters of dirt, we had come to call them bunkers.
Hayden threw in his cards. “Forget this. I'm rolling over to bunker four. At least I can keep pace with that crowd. Max here is killing me.”
Max gathered the cards. “Oh, come on. One more hand.”
Hayden leaned in. “I've given you that one more hand three times now. I'm out.”
As he stood to leave, an alert came in over our comms. The small fleet in the heavens above us was under attack. It was not a warning we were prepared for. As we jumped to our feet, we knocked over chairs and tables. Cards flew into the air. Everyone rushed to the lockers under their bunks. Before the first man left the bunker to assemble outside, an order came in. We were to prepare but were to remain inside.
I pulled on my pack and checked the power cell on my rifle. Others only grabbed their rifles and knives.
Hayden looked over with a chuckle. “Your pack? You going on a hike?”
“Am I my brother's keeper?”
“What?”
“Do I have to explain everything to you? If we have to leave this bunker, the pack will keep me alive out there for at least a week.”
Hayden nodded as he reached down for his own. “Okay. I guess I can buy that.”
Our lieutenant came into the barracks less than a minute later. “I've been told they are moving us to the spaceport. We'll be providing ground defense should the Togmal send in troops.”
Hayden asked, “They haven't landed troops before, have they?”
“Dunedin was a first, Private. Now get that gear on. A transport is heading this way.”
A dust cloud was kicked up and then settled. We hustled out and up a ramp. The transport lifted and headed toward the spaceport. I looked around at the nervous faces. Hayden had his knife out and was practicing his thrusts. Sheila was checking and rechecking her rifle. Juan tapped his fingers on the bench we sat on as Max stared straight ahead with his arms crossed.
Hayden asked our lieutenant. “Sir? You think we might see action?”
“Let's hope not, Private. Only fools rush into a fight.”
“Unless you plan on winning... sir.”
The ride was short, less than ten minutes. We hurried down the ramp and fast-marched to our assigned location. We would be protecting a terminal facility and the cargo haulers that sat parked on the tarmac outside it. I was uneasy about our position. We were inside a building, lined up in front of a giant glass wall, staring at the tarmac.
I moved over next to the lieutenant. “Sir. If a raid comes down, is it advisable for us to be standing under this wall?”
“Not our call, Private. Those were the orders we were given.”
He held up a tablet confirming our exact location.
“Does command not give us a little leeway when it comes to something like this, sir?”
“We don't take leeway, Private. We take orders.”
I understood the importance of following orders. We did not have a view of the bigger picture of the fight. But common sense dictated you did not hide behind glass if a fight was coming your way. It was about as far from a strategic position as you could take.
“Sir. Wouldn't we be better situated just outside? Maybe along that wall or maybe that ditch over there?”
“What did I just say, Private?”
The stare I received told me there was no convincing the lieutenant. It had been several centuries since the last war between governments was fought. Strategic defense positions must have gone out of style since then. The consolidated government we called the Union took over after humans finally realized they needed to stop killing each other. The short-sighted orders made me worry about our ability to defend ourselves.
There were probably Lieutenant Dupecks in every outfit, in every division, in every branch of our military. I signaled the others in my tight group to move to the end of our unit's position, near a set of exit doors. The lieutenant, his two sergeants, and a mess of corporals all stood under the center of the glass as they talked and stared upward.
Hayden said, “I don't think some of these people are all too bright. We're supposed to be Marines, not idiots.”
Max nodded. “We're sitting ducks.”
Juan asked. “Sitting ducks? What does that mean?”
Sheila pulled herself in close to him. “It means we are making ourselves vulnerable. I like to make myself vulnerable.”
Juan turned with an expression of annoyance. “Where were you a week ago? Doesn't seem like the time nor the place.”
Hayden said, “Come over here, Sugar. The Hammer likes vulnerable.”
Sheila smiled and turned away.
Hayden asked, “What gives?”
I said, “She doesn't like to be chased. She likes to chase. Ignore her for a bit and she'll probably be all over you.”
“Juan hasn't ignored her.”
“Juan's an easy mark. Just watch the fascination on his face when she whispers to him.”
“I could use some whispering.”
“I don't think she follows through with what she suggests. She's just looking for a reaction.”
“Sounds like you have women all figured out.”
“You only have to figure out one, Hayden. But expect surprises.”
Our fun little conversation came to a sudden end. A Togmal warship dropped through the lazy clouds overhead.
I scrambled toward the exit door with all the strength I had in my legs. “Move.”
The glass wall shattered into thousands of pieces in reaction to bright-blue flashes of light. The lieutenant and his sergeants were incinerated. I instinctually took command.
I directed half the remaining force who followed us out to dive into the ditch and signaled the other half to follow me to the wall. The Togmal warship circled, laying waste to most of the structure we were sent to guard. Having only our rifles, we had nothing to fight back with.
I opened a comm to command. “This is Marine Company TX512. We are taking heavy fire.”
The voice on the other side countered. “Who? Who is this?”
“TX512. Private Jackson. Our lieutenant and sergeants are dead.” I held up my comm camera, slowly panning the area around us. “We need orders. Who am I talking to?”
“Lieutenant Briggs. Let's see. G104. You are stationed at the storehouse, right?”
“TX512,” I repeated again. “The terminal is down. Repeat. The terminal is down. We've moved outside. Half our remaining force is hunkered in a ditch with the other half behind a wall.”
A different voice came over the comm. “This is Captain Mindek. Hold your position, Jackson. We have what looks like troop transports heading your way.”
“Ours or theirs, sir?”
“What?”
“The troop transports. Ours or theirs?”
“Theirs, Private. I am instructing you to hold that terminal.”
“The terminal is gone, Captain. Nothing but a burning pile of rubble.”
“Then hold wherever you are. We have gunships coming in, but they are at least fifteen minutes out.”
“We'll hold the tarmac, sir.”
Blue flashes streaked across the sky. All were coming from Togmal ships. I wondered where our own fleet was. Had they been defeated? Were we on our own? I wasn't certain I could trust the captain's word about the fifteen minutes we were told to wait. That time frame no longer mattered as three Togmal troop transports dropped through the clouds, one heading directly toward us.
I turned. “Max. Give me your best estimate at how many hostiles we might be facing.”
“Ship of ours that size usually holds about one-fifty. A company.”
I tapped on the tiny display on my comm. “We're down to sixty-six.”
Hayden held his knife in one hand and his rifle in the other. “I say we bum-rush the little scalers when they hit the ground.”
I shook my head. “I've seen them up close. They aren't little. They are our size.”
Hayden grinned. “They aren't my size.”
I glanced his way. “No. No they aren't. I think your idea has merit though.”
I opened a channel to our company. “This is Jackson. I'm taking charge. You in the ditch, you are Team Alpha. Team Bravo is behind the wall. If a ramp drops on Team Alpha's side, I want you to do your best to pin them inside until we can reach you. You come to us if they come out our side. If we can bottle them up in that ship, we might just have a chance.”
Hayden nodded. “Decisive. I like it.”
I let out a sigh. “It was your idea. And I don't think we have a choice. If we try to run, those Togmal gunships will mow us down. When that transport lands we at least have the advantage of being close to it.”
Max said, “Here she comes. Right to us.”
A stiff wind blew across the tarmac as the ship settled. The ramp for the Togmal warriors began to lower on the opposite side.
I gave the command. “Go. Go. Go.”
The team of thirty-eight Marines on the other side rushed from their trench as we exited from behind the wall. The whumps of blaster fire echoed across the tarmac as Team Alpha took out the first three Togmal down the ramp. Team Bravo and I rounded the back of the ship, our fire helping to push our enemy back inside.
I waved my hand for Team Bravo to continue as the others laid down suppressing fire. We rushed up the ramp with Hayden leading the way. As we hit the top, we were met by an onrush of Togmal who were trying to force their way out. I gutted the first one with a plasma round as the Marine just to my left exploded.
Hayden took out two with his blaster before charging into their center, too close for weapons fire. I could see a flash from the blade of his knife as he tore into the enemy fighters, while screaming obscenities at the top of his lungs. The move startled them enough to throw their command into chaos. We each pulled our blades as we entered the mix.
The fighting was hand-to-hand for the first several minutes before a Togmal commander in back decided to sacrifice a few of his own with plasma bolts to their backs. It was a mistake, only clearing the way for the Marines following behind us. Before they knew what was happening, three of our Marines entered their cockpit, taking out the pilot and his crew before they could take the ship back to orbit.
The Marines from Team Alpha followed us up the ramp. Bodies exploded. Screams of pain came from both sides. The Marines around me, including those in my squad, rushed forward like savages.
As we pushed the Togmal further into their ship, I noticed a green comm flash on my wrist. I made the mistake of answering. “This is Jackson.”
“Hold your position, Jackson. We need that tarmac.”
I had to smirk to myself. “We're holding, Captain. This tarmac is ours.”
The captain continued to yell into the comm as I got back into the brawl. Whatever he was saying didn't matter. We were in a fight and command of that fight was ours.
As I attempted to raise my blaster for a shot, a Togmal warrior jumped me from the side.

Chapter   18
_______________________

With a speed and agility I had not expected nor seen before, Sheila dove from my left, driving her knife into the neck of my attacker. It went so deep, it took two hard pulls to retrieve it. Without a word, she charged off toward her next victim.
It was then our team had our first casualty. Juan had a Togmal blade jammed into his right shoulder. As he returned a thrust of his own, a second Togmal bashed his other shoulder with the butt of a rifle. Juan went down to his knees. I blasted the warrior as he raised his rifle, but I could not stop the knife-blade that came up under Juan’s chinstrap. As the proud Togmal warrior grinned, the iron fist of Hayden the Hammer bashed in his skull.
Losing a teammate should have been chilling, but at that moment there was no time to grieve. We pushed ahead, slashing and stabbing, relentless in our rage, unrelenting in our determination.
It was then when I again noticed the voice of the captain. “Gunships coming in. You now have air support. What's your status.”
I switched channels. “Evacuate the transport. Now. Move. Move. Move.”
For whatever reason, the Togmal who remained alive didn't open fire during our retreat. It was a blatant mistake. As the last Marine of TX512 jumped from the ramp, our gunships came over the horizon. We had just made the safety of the ditch when the first cannon rounds impacted the transport's side.
It was a beautiful sight. Blue streaks, orange flashes, debris, flame, and smoke. I wanted to stand and cheer.
With the arrival of our gunships, the Togmal warships took to the heavens. A nearby transport managed to lift into the air only to be knocked back to the ground in flames. A series of plasma rounds obliterated the remaining transport where it sat. Our gunships caught the troops who had disembarked in an open field, annihilating them with a parade of plasma fire.
I stood up in the ditch to view the Togmal ship in front of us. It was in flames. We had lost two-thirds of our company, nearly half of those casualties were directly due to mistakes by command. Those who remained were ready to celebrate. Cheers rang out.
Hayden put a bloodied hand on my shoulder. “That has to have been the wildest ride anyone could imagine.”
“You can take that to the bank.”
“What? Take what?”
I sighed. “It's another old saying. Denise would have been proud I remembered.”
Hayden chuckled. “Yeah. You're gonna have to give those up. I have no idea what you're saying half the time.”
I shrugged. “Has to be my delivery. They always had character coming from her.”
“Well, maybe you just need to practice them in private for a while. At least until you get good at it.” Hayden slapped me on the shoulder.
I turned to Sheila who was standing next to me. “You have any comments?”
She had a look of sadness on her face as she stared at the burning wreckage in front of us. Juan was on her mind. Togmal blood covered her battlesuit.
I said, “Thanks for your help in there. You put up a good fight.”
“Not good enough for Juan.”
“You did the best you could. I owe you my life. It was just his time. You sure you're okay? You look in pain.”
“Just his time? I could have stopped it. I should have stopped it.”
“This is war. We can't be everywhere at every moment. Some of us will be lost.”
“You don't seem very concerned about it. I thought out of all of us you might be the most affected.”
“I've learned to bury the pain.” It was a lie. The pain of my loss clawed at my subconscious every time I closed my eyes. “It's the only way I can function on a daily basis. I suggest you do the same. Celebrate what he was, don’t dwell on how he died.”
“Don't know if I can. I'm not wired that way.” Sheila looked down. “My chest is on fire. It has to be black and blue. Gonna take me a month before I can wear anything low-cut.”
Her chest protector showed multiple gouges where the Togmal had tried their best to take her out with a knife. Hayden put his hand around the back of her neck for a gentle squeeze.
After a quick headcount, I opened a comm to the captain. Streaks of drying Togmal blood dripped from my faceshield.
The captain had an angry face. “Why weren't you responding, Private.”
I unclipped my chinstrap and took off my helmet. “Sorry, sir. Was in the middle of a firefight.”
“Firefight? What is going on there, Private?”
“We need assistance, Captain. We have casualties. As to the fight, an enemy transport landed, sir. We charged it, killing most of the Togmal warriors aboard before our gunships came in and finished them off. We held the tarmac, sir. Not one of them made it to the ground.”
“Noted. Assistance is on the way. Who is in command there?”
“I guess that would be me, Captain. The first Togmal salvo took out our CO and sergeants.”
“I'll be sending someone out to write up a full report, Private. In the meantime, assemble your men and wait for a pickup.”
“The Togmal threat, sir?”
“They are gone. Our boys gave them a beating and they high-tailed it out of there.”
“Good to know, sir. Any idea of casualty counts for our units? I can give you ours.”
“Pass them along. And, Private, those figures are command knowledge only.”
With that the captain closed the comm. It was just as well. I was reaching for the button to close the channel myself.
Hayden huffed. “They aren't saying, so we can guess it probably isn't good.”
“We stopped a ground assault. That has to be something.”
Max stood beside us as we watched the transport wreckage continue to burn. “Nothing like what you picture in your mind; a thousand times scarier and more intense.”
Hayden gave a light punch to his shoulder. “You did good in there little man. Lived up to your name. Mayhem suits you.”
We climbed from the ditch and assembled as our transport came into view. Five minutes later, we were in the air and headed back to the bunkers. Twenty minutes after, I was standing in a sonic shower. Sheila showered beside me. She was right, her upper chest looked as though it had been beaten with a hammer. She turned away as if trying to play coy. Her eyes showed disappointment when I didn't play along with her game.
The following day we had a stream of psychologists coming through our barracks asking us how we felt and what we were thinking during the raid. I found them annoying, but as the questions continued, I thought that information might be useful for training other Marines. As I well knew, grief could lead to depression, sometimes causing actions counter to what common sense would normally tell you to do.
As the interviews went on I got the feeling they were not intended for the purpose I thought. The long series of questions went well beyond our experiences in battle. What I had done or where I was as a ten-year-old had no bearing on what we had just gone through.
I took note as tempers of the other Marines flared and finally asked the question, “Why are you really here?”
The explanation ended with the psychologists leaving as abruptly as they had come. The whole shindig had been sponsored by a corporation looking to make pharmaceutical sales to the survivors. It had been arranged by a politician with close ties to a deep-pocketed entity.
It was another sign of the sorry state of the Union. We were at war, and yet our fighting men and women were being looked at as opportunities for profit. I would not be answering such questions for any similar investigations in the future.
Our final casualty count came in at ninety-two. Prior to the raid, company TX512 consisted of one hundred forty-two Marines. Only fifty of us had survived. And of those, fourteen remained in hospital care. It wasn't until after we had a memorial service for those lost when the captain's man showed up asking questions.
Lieutenant Dershal was thorough with what he asked. I gave details as I knew them. Other members of the company were able to confirm those details when questioned. I wasn't expecting any congratulations to come my way, especially given my straightforward answers when it came to the orders I had received. The captain indicated as much during a short discussion after he read the report.
A week had gone by before a shuttle came to collect me for a hearing. I expected to be thrown in the brig for insubordination. Instead, I received a comm from Thomas on my way out.
“Congratulations on your victory. I heard you came through unharmed.”
“Right, victory. We lost a lot of good people due to incompetent orders.”
“I read your report. To put your mind at ease, you are not going to be reprimanded.”
I tilted my head. “You've been watching me?”
“I've had people watching over you. I still feel responsible for you being there.”
“You should.”
“Yes. Well, when you feel you've had your fill of killing Togmal, you know you have a position back here with Aarlis Mining.”
I took in and let out a deep breath as I thought about the offer. “Thanks, but I think I'll pass. These raids aren't over. We have a lot of work left to do.”
“Indeed. The Togmal attacked four other colony cities today. Each fared better than your company did here. I hope that at least is some consolation, knowing that leadership is not all bad.”
“I'll hold my current thoughts on that in reserve. How's Echelon? Wait... you're talking to me, so you must be here.”
“Only for the next hour. I chose to stop here after a visit to Merchain. The mines have made their first delivery of ore, which we will be using to build more warships.”
“Congratulations to you then.”
“Yes. Thanks. I have to go. Enjoy your visit there at command, Ray.” Thomas returned a pursed smile. “You've earned it.”
The shuttle I was in landed beside the main base on Haven. I had no idea what he was talking about, but I soon found out. Instead of the expected berating by the captain, a colonel was there to give me a newly-made Haven-Defense combat ribbon and a promotion to full corporal.
Thomas was right. I had earned it, but it was nothing I sought. When I returned to my company, they were waiting with a celebration of their own. It was a welcoming I very much appreciated.
Two weeks later, a contingent of new recruits landed at the bunkers, bringing our company back to full strength. We had a new lieutenant, sergeants, and this time a major. Five of those who had fought beside me also earned a promotion in rank, including Hayden and Sheila, only their promotions were limited to that of PFC. We also got a gunnery sergeant added to our barracks.
Gunny Marcos had seen combat on Haven. It was a team under his command who had forced a Togmal company into the field where our gunships ground them into the dirt. He seemed intelligent enough, and he had the ear of our fresh-out-of-OCS lieutenant.
Gunny said, “I looked over the report, Corporal. You mashed a few toes at command.”
“Wasn't my intent. I was just being honest.”
“Yes, well you got the captain sent to the back lines. From the word I got, he botched the command of a lot of that operation. He had a staff of lieutenants who were yes-men, not willing to question any order. Which is what happened to your company.”
I shook my head. “You never know how someone is going to react when put in a situation like that for the first time. Some people act. Some people freeze.”
“Not totally true. That's why we train. That's why we have war games and simulations. The fact those people made it to command, I'm afraid, is a symptom of our poor overall readiness. Haven, this planet, was not a top posting prior to this war. It was about as backwater as you could get. Now these remote colonies are the front line. I think you'll see some big changes in the coming months.”
“We can only hope.”
Only a few weeks had passed since the raid on Haven. Orders came down for all Marines to participate in almost continuous training. After a single attack, we had gone from one extreme to the other. If anything, it kept our minds occupied.
The Togmal raids fell silent again. There had been no sightings for months. The damaged spaceport on Haven was being rebuilt. Command coordinated operations out of four temporary hangers.
Over at the bunkers, we had been training every day. The new recruits grumbled. Those of us who now considered ourselves veterans, kept our heads down and did as we were told. Back in the Union, there had been an initial surge in recruitment after the first raids, but that had declined quickly.
Word had gotten back to the colonies that being a Marine was hard work and dangerous. The casualty counts and the regiment of constant training was a deterrent for recruitment. Those who didn't have much else to do and would typically join, were now avoiding the commitment. It was just as well, there were already enough among us who seemed less than motivated.
The small raids by the Togmal were shocking, but that shock had faded without further action. Most citizens had returned to their regular, boring lives. Our ranks at Haven had swelled from the original five hundred who had been shipped off to Dunedin, to more than two thousand. Two entirely new bases were under construction.
It was morning when Gunny Marcos entered our bunker. “We've been given a reprieve from the day's marching. You can leave your gear, it will be picked up for you. This platoon is being sent to the new base at Bellgard. It has yet to be commissioned. We will be spending two weeks there, writing up everything we can find that is sub-par. Command has one opportunity in this contract to have things fixed before final sign-off with the contractors.”
Max raised a hand. “How thorough are they expecting us to be?”
“Not very. I've been through this before. I've seen a team turn in a list with more than a hundred deficiencies. Brass tends to pick what they believe are the top five. They will sign an agreement with the contractor agreeing to correct those five issues in a timely manner. They close the contract after, stating it is complete. Personally, I've seen those corrections are far too often ignored.”
“So why send us at all?”
“It's in the contract. Command may not be expecting much of a list, but we will be providing one. I don't care if it's a leaky sink, unpainted surface, or a door that won't close properly, we are going to push for a proper sign-off. And keep in mind, this is where we will be living. Probably not us specifically, but fellow Marines. So, we do this right.”
The more time I spent around the Gunny, the more I liked him. He wasn't overbearing, but he was far from soft on us. Our entire platoon took the assignment seriously.
The following day we stood in a newly constructed restroom. Hayden walked over to a row of toilets. “This can't be right.”
I chuckled. “Handles on the right instead of left?”
“No. Look at them. They might as well be for a child.”
Sheila laughed. “Your bum too big to sit on one of those?”
“Maybe. I have to wonder if they think we're Marines or dwarfs. I'm writing this one up.”
In other rooms we found lack of ventilation and indications of mold. One building had a skylight installed where daylight was showing around the edges. The first time it rained the room would be flooded. In all, we had identified ninety-seven deficiencies on the first day.
We gathered in a bunkroom for the evening where we had laid bedrolls out on the floor. All of our comms blew up at once with an alert. The Togmal were hitting Haven again.

Chapter   19
_______________________

It took only seconds to bind and stow our bedrolls in our packs. We got outside fast, waiting on a transport and orders for where we would defend. Those orders never came. Neither did the transport.
Communications were chaotic at best. A dozen Togmal warships had blown through our fleet of two cruisers and three destroyers—as if they didn't exist. They dropped through the atmosphere with little advance warning, hitting our old bunkered barracks complex just after dark. The underground barracks collapsed on our Marines without enough time for them to evacuate.
Two transports loaded with Togmal warriors emptied into the complex. They destroyed our command center. Our remaining fighters died defending their base, while we stood out in the open—waiting for a ride.
Gunny Marcos made his own command decision.
“Listen up. We're heading into those hills over there. We'll search out and find a location we can best defend. It doesn't look like a transport is coming, so without orders, we fight on our own.”
Our small column of sixteen Marines sprinted across a field. Low rolling hills led into an area of rocky ravines.
Gunny held up a hand. “I think this is the place. I want four teams of two and two of four. A two-man each north, east, south, and west. The remaining teams of four will be rovers. You'll circle our perimeter performing recon. Relay sightings of anything unusual. We're on our own out here. Until they come for us, we keep ourselves alive.”
As a member of a four-man rover squad, I spent the next two hours walking up and down hills, stopping, observing, and reporting back. As we reached the hill overlooking the buildings we had come from, the hum of gunships filled the air. An instant later, a rain of blue streaks blasted the structures. I had every urge to fire my blaster at a gunship that had settled just above our heads. We kept still, our camo gear and lightweight battlesuits blending in with our surroundings.
Gunny came over the comm. “Hold your positions. Do not engage. Rover-two, you have the anti-air munition, prep for use but do not fire until I give the command.”
The anti-air round, called a gumball because of its round shape and bright pink color, was a small nuclear round that put out an EMP pulse. It was a gift from Thomas Goodall. He claimed his father's labs were looking for a field test of a new weapon they hoped to sell to the Union. I was happy to have the option of trying something new.
We had no way of knowing the effectiveness of the gumball against the Togmal, and before Gunny could give the command, the Togmal gunship zipped away... but it was followed by a transport.
As the new ship hovered above the field we had previously crossed, Gunny gave the command. “Shield your eyes. Pair three, I want a round fired on that hull. If it drops to the ground as I expect, we all rush it.”
I sent an acknowledgment to his wrist display. Our rover squad was ready.
“Take the shot.”
As the transport descended, a bright flash blanketed the surrounding landscape with intense light.
“Go. Go. Go.”
With Hayden by my side, we charged down the hill. The transport in front of us dropped thirty meters, slamming the ground like a stone. Dirt sprayed out to the sides upon impact. I glanced at my plasma rifle to find the indicator lights were out. We had been too close to the EMP blast. Hayden pulled his knife as I drew mine.
We reached the transport just as the exit ramp was being manually cranked down. Hayden gave me a boost. I climbed atop the ship, coming to a stop just above the ramp. Hayden hid to the side. We could hear Togmal warriors grunting and rustling around inside.
The rest of our platoon gathered at the rear of the ship as Hayden waved an arm for them to wait. The intense EMP had also wiped out our comms.
As the ramp neared the ground, the first Togmal stepped out. Hayden was waiting and attacked with a hard thrust of his knife to the Togmal's neck. I gave a wave to the others. As the next warrior emerged, I dove on its back from above. My knife went deep into its shoulder, killing it instantly. Two more emerged as our platoon reached the ramp.
The fight outside only lasted seconds. We bulled our way inside, hacking and slashing anything that moved. The fall had severely injured most of the Togmal aboard. Only a dozen had come out unharmed. We sliced through their ranks like the Togmal warships had done to our ships in the heavens above. Eliminating the injured Togmal was almost more of a chore than a fight.
We dragged the last two surviving Togmal outside, ten minutes after our initial entry. One had a nasty gash in the back of his torso while the other had two broken ankles. Neither was in a condition to put up a fight.
Hayden stood over the warrior with the broken ankles. His knife blade scraped against the Togmal's rugged facial skin.
“Start talking lizard. Why are you here?”
The Togmal returned a series of grunts.
Gunny grabbed the other warrior by the throat. “You understand us?”
Sheila stepped forward. Using her knife, she cut a leg of the uniform pants the Togmal with the broken ankles was wearing.
Hayden stepped back. “What are you doing?”
“Just checking.”
She slit the pants to the waist and folded back the material, revealing the Togmal to likely be a male.
Sheila smirked as she moved her knife down close to his privates. “Listen scumbag, if you want to keep, whatever that is, you'll start answering questions.”
More grunts followed.
I wasn't sure why, but an image of Denise popped into my head. A sudden rage came over me. I jammed my knife into the Togmal's neck. Gunny followed by doing the same to the one he stood over.
Hayden chuckled. “Don't think they had much to say, anyway.”
Gunny said, “We won't be getting anything from any of them without a translator. Let's go in and inspect the transport. Maybe we can learn something from that.”
I asked, “How long do we want to do this? One of our gunships comes by and we won't want to be in there.”
Gunny looked around the sky. “Five minutes. If you find anything of use, bring it out.”
Max asked, “Where do we go from here?”
“Back into the hills. The nearest city is about forty klicks that way. We can be there tomorrow.”
Our search of the ship only produced a dozen paper-like manuals. Unable to read them, we took them with us. Our intel corps would decide their usefulness.
After a hike through hills and across two rivers we were standing on a ridge that was within eyesight of the City of Glenvale. With just over an hour of walking we would arrive. I wasn't thrilled by the sight.
Pillars of smoke rose into the chartreuse Haven sky. The daytime temperature under the orange sun was pleasant. A slightly thick atmosphere moderated any temperature swings. Unfortunately for the colonists, poor soil meant Haven was a food importer. Glenvale however, was no longer in need of food.
As we drew nearer, Gunny put out a hand. “Ho. Hold up.”
We watched for most of a minute as a craft of some sort hovered over the burning city.
“Anyone want to take a guess whose ship that is?”
Max pulled a small set of binoculars from his pack. “It's... not ours.”
Gunny turned to his left and then his right. “Over there. We take cover.”
We hustled to a set of rocks and settled in.
I shook my head. “One of their ships is still here? This can't be good.”
“Not at all.” Gunny gestured to Max for his binoculars.
Hayden sat and leaned against a rock. “We need to find a comm device. Being blind and mute isn't cutting it.”
Sheila said, “We're still alive, aren't we?”
“Also, hiding in the rocks. What's your point?”
Gunny continued to look through the binoculars. “We have three buildings about a kilometer from here. I need two volunteers.”
The pair who had fired the EMP rounds were the first to raise their hands.
Gunny nodded. “Check those buildings for power. If they have it, check them for comms. But don't use anything. We don't want to draw the attention of our friends. Whatever comms you find will be non-military. They can detect them.”
The volunteers hustled away.
I sat beside Hayden. Sheila plopped down beside me. The remainder of our platoon rested where they were.
Sheila said, “So, Ray, we haven't talked about Denise. I know it's a painful subject. But know I am here to listen if you want to talk. And I'm saying talk. No funny business.”
I was quiet for several seconds. “Don't know what to say. I've tried to put that behind me now. It's a motivator, but not my center of focus.”
I had suppressed the pain. However, it was far from gone. I wasn't sure what made me open up, but I began to talk. “The Togmal took her as I watched.”
Sheila flinched. “What? I didn't know that. I thought she died on a transport that got attacked.”
I went into the whole story of how Thomas had caused delay after delay and how once she was finally away, I connected with a comm link and watched the whole thing play out. I recounted our last conversation and the proud way she went down fighting. I couldn't finish the part where the Togmal pulled away leaving a three-meter-diameter hole in the ship's side, or of Denise's last action of hugging Paulette.
Sheila held a solid frown. “That is harsh. I knew none of that.”
“No one knows except Thomas Goodall. I couldn't bring myself to tell Denise's parents the full story. In fact, this is the first time I've talked about that entire event. The psychologist at the hospital didn't even get that version.”
Sheila chuckled as she thought about Denise. “I knew there was a reason I liked that girl. She was always friendly to me, even though I seemed to annoy everyone else. I know I can be a handful. It's just how I'm wired. Denise always knew the right things to say.”
I nodded. “She did. That strength was something that drew me to her. We hit it off from the start. I had to marry her. She was just too good for me to fumble around with. Then Pea came along. Don't know if I will ever be that happy again. There's something about holding that little person in your hands. They totally depend on you, and you would give them everything, no matter the cost. Denise did that. She died protecting our daughter.”
Hayden placed his hand on my shoulder. “Now I can see why you have such a grudge against the Togmal. Just know I am here with you. We'll make those little maggots pay.”
Sheila agreed. “That we will.”
Our scout team came back a short while later. The buildings were empty and without power. Unfortunately it was a workplace so it had no food stockpiles, also, the water pressure was gone.
We stayed in our hideaway for another day before the Togmal ship left. The nutrilogs in our packs were running low. Gunny decided we should make our way into town—if there were any town left. After another hour of walking, the hum of a ship coming up from behind surprised us. It was one of ours, a gunship.
The pilot landed his small craft in a field nearby. After a short conversation and a comm to a new command, we were ordered to wait there for a transport. A little over an hour later, it showed. The transport took us to a new base a half kilometer from our old one. The ground above the collapsed barracks still smoldered. Over nine hundred of our regiment had died without ever getting into the fight.
Twelve of our warships had driven the Togmal out. The spaceport city of Glendale was in shambles, as was our old base, two other cities, and the new base we were sent to evaluate.
Several weeks later, a comm came in from Thomas. “Glad to see you made it out, Ray. The report says you used the gumball?”
“We did. And it was effective. But it also knocked out our gear.”
“Glad to hear it worked. We'll find a way to shield our equipment. I'll let my father know this weapon should be fast-tracked.”
“You fix the issue with our gear and I have to believe command would order as many of those as you could make. If you have any more items that need field testing, we'd be happy to do it.”
“We have many items, Ray. Unfortunately, the rules the Union have in place prevent any field testing without a lengthy application process. We have been trying to have that process altered for this conflict, but the politicians in charge of those committees seem unwilling to budge. The process to get approval for use of that gumball began three years ago. It’s just another example of them keeping tight control on all contracts. But, with the right donations made, anything can get pushed through, eventually.”
Thomas had been passing by after another visit to Merchain. It seemed he was losing his fight with Estelle over who was second in command at Aarlis Corporation. I didn't envy him his position.
Another week went by with no digging at the barracks, we were eventually informed the politicians had decided to leave our Marines where they lay. The Corps was to construct a memorial to honor their sacrifice. I felt for all the family members back home who would have to make the long journey to Haven if they wanted to visit their loved one's resting place.
Gunny proposed the argument that our government might be running out of money. Scads of new contracts for warfighting equipment had been signed. The Aarlis Corporation would have a banner year.
The following week, we received new orders. Our remaining platoon would join a new regiment. This time on Exeter.

Chapter   20
_______________________

Two days later, we shipped out. Exeter was a six-day run. We would join the third regiment of the 4th Marine Expeditionary Force. Our company designation would become JT065. Because of its losses, TX512 was being retired. We hadn't been in the company long, but it was still a blow to our egos.
We also had a new lieutenant. The bunker collapse squashed our prior lieutenant along with the rest of our company, and most of the regiment we belonged to. The rest had died in the fighting afterward.
Lieutenant Rascoe, the replacement, had five years in the Corps. He had yet to see combat, but he was not timid in any way. He was a solid, muscular individual like Hayden, just slightly more compact.
Gunny introduced him to our platoon. “This is our new CO, Lieutenant Rascoe. He comes to us from Earth, only having arrived on Haven two days ago. He's the boxing champion for the one-hundred-kilo class on Earth and is five years a Marine.”
The lieutenant stepped up and looked us over for several seconds. “Thank you, Gunny. First, just let me say how glad I am they assigned me this platoon. I've read over your record. The lot of you now have as much combat experience as any other platoon in the entire Corps.
“I'll be questioning each of you over your submitted reports. I'd like to know what drove you to the decisions you made, because at the moment they appear to be some of the best out there. Now, let me give you some background on myself...”
The lieutenant explained his troubled youth and how boxing had straightened him out. Discipline was now his driver. He was committed to being the best and was eager to get at the Togmal.
During the six-day ride out, he had a short personal discussion with each of us. I came away with the feeling he would be a good commander in the field and would take every opportunity to listen to and support his team.
As our transport came into comm range of Exeter, alerts blared. Fighting was underway. The Togmal had overrun and destroyed a third of the cities.
After battling it out for four days solid, the fleets in the heavens above were now at a standoff. We came in at an angle, taking us past our fleet and straight down to the fight on the surface. The whole city of Danzer was a running brawl going from street to street.
Our transport was nearing the ground when a missile shot up from the opposing side.
“Brace, brace, brace.” The pilot yelled over the ship's intercom.
The Marines around me were shaken from their feet and bounced into the air as the left-forward thrust engine took a direct hit.
I scrambled toward a front wall, bracing myself for impact with the ground. The explosion sent the slowing transport lurching forward and dropping across the battle lines. The ship slammed into the remains of the upper stories of a building that was already burning, before it plummeted to the ground and skidded to a stop.
Bodies went flying because of the rapid deceleration. Hayden smashed into Sheila, pressing her hard against the wall. Along with several others, I bounced off the wall beside them. When the commotion settled, not a single Marine was left standing.
Sheila pushed Hayden. “Get off me, you big oaf.”
Hayden chuckled as he stood and held out a hand to her. “Thanks for being the Hammer's bumper.”
Sheila wiggled her shoulders, inflating the muscles that had been flattened.
Hayden asked, “You okay?”
I nodded as he helped me to my feet. “I'll live.”
The lieutenant was up beside us, rubbing his elbow. “This is a disaster. Get as many out on the ground as you can.”
A crewman slammed the button to deploy the ramp. As we came to the doorway, the ramp tilted up into the air and locked, making it useless. We jumped to a collapsed wall before making our way to the ground.
The lieutenant was right out front and on his comm. “Major. My display shows we are half a kilometer behind Togmal lines. We need new orders.”
There was silence for close to a minute. We stood in jeopardy. Instructions finally showed on his display.
The lieutenant barked into his comm, “Delta Platoon. Head for the remains of that green building. I want someone up there spotting. Alpha through Charlie, you are with me. Echo, you follow us in. Keep our backs clean.”
Being Alpha platoon, we raced ahead with the lieutenant. But there was a problem. Only two Marines from Charlie Platoon, and four from Echo Platoon had come off the transport in fighting shape. Bravo Platoon was helping with the injured and staying to protect the downed ship. The lieutenant was immediately looking to us for guidance.
I held up a hand. “Stop here, sir. This is where command broke down on us before. They should not have issued those orders without having knowledge of the situation. We need to reevaluate.”
“What would you suggest?”
I looked over our surroundings and pointed. “See that four-story with the roof missing? I say we take that high ground. It should give us a firing position on their front line, and sighting should they attack our ship.”
“You heard the corporal, let's move.”
The two hundred meters to the building in question took twice as long to get through as I had guessed. Debris was everywhere. Our boots were the only thing that prevented us from getting broken ankles. As we arrived at the building, we observed two Togmal spotters occupying the top floor. Even given the newly crashed ship nearby, their attention was focused toward the combat line.
Hayden and Sheila stepped forward. “We got this, sir. Just follow us up.”
The lieutenant gave a nod.
With a short sprint we were inside the building and going up the remains of a stairwell. We passed several dead human bodies. The smell of three-day-old death almost sent my lunch up my throat and into my helmet faceshield. It was like nothing I had ever encountered. And I hoped I never would again.
In order to move up, we had to jump a two-meter missing section of the stairwell. Sheila was first, grabbing the rail on the top side to pull herself up. Hayden jumped next, but his big hulking frame caused the rail to pull from its wall anchor, sending him falling through the hole to the stairwell below, almost landing on and crushing Max. I took the leap next, pulling myself up with the help of Sheila.
I said, “I've been telling everyone you were a hopper. Didn't mean it literally.”
Sheila smiled as she helped me to my feet. “Strong legs. I was a long jumper in high school. Been chasing men ever since.”
We hustled up the last flight of stairs and came out on the remains of the fourth floor. The nearby sounds of whumps and rumbles from plasma rounds being fired and exploding gave us the noise cover we needed. The smell of battle then hit me hard. A dozen dead humans, still smoldering as the fat in their bodies burned, were in a stack just behind the two Togmal. The warriors were lying on their bellies, looking through spotting devices.
Sheila attacked first, diving and jamming her knife's blade into the center of the nearest warrior's back. When my blade came down, the Togmal blocked it with his arm. I rolled on the deck with the enemy fighter as we each tried to gain the advantage. In an instant, Lieutenant Rascoe pulled my opponent from atop me and punched him hard in the chest. Hayden was just behind the falling warrior. He scooped him up and tossed him over the side of the building, finishing by firing a plasma round into his crumpled body on the ground below.
The lieutenant waved a hand for us to take firing positions. “See the team along that wall? Take them out first. They're about to charge.”
The deed was done in seconds. We identified a second group of targets on the ground and blasted them before a third group began returning fire. Without fully exposing themselves to the Marines they were holding back, they had nowhere to hide. We eliminated seven more fighters in less than a minute.
With a hundred-meter-wide gap in the line opened, our Marines on the other side rushed forward. A comm then came in from our other spotting team. A company of Togmal was approaching our downed ship. The lieutenant ordered us to the other side of the building where we used suppressing fire to pin them down. Platoon two used the opportunity to take a defensive stance.
As the other Marines charged into the voided line, they turned to their flanks, catching the Togmal warriors to either side in vulnerable positions. Within minutes the entire Togmal defense collapsed, sending their fighters in retreat. We hustled down to the ground in pursuit, forcing the remains of the enemy company, who was heading toward our transport, to turn and flee. Two hours later, we had won. The fight in the city was over as our gunships once again crowded the skies.
We had come to a stop. We were all breathing hard, having chased the enemy for most of that two-hour time. Rascoe ordered us back to our transport to assist with the injured.
When we arrived, the news was grim. Nearly half of Marine Company JT065 were casualties. Twenty-six had succumbed to their injuries while another forty-eight had broken bones of varying degrees.
Hayden shook his head. “We sure are hard on companies.”
Max nodded. “Ain't that the truth. Sometimes I feel like I'm just along for the ride to the cemetery.”
Sheila wiped her knife blade on the uniform of a dead Togmal. “Crap, nicked my blade.” She spat. “I think their blood is corrosive.”
Hayden chuckled. “Corrosive? It's blood. Looks a lot like ours.”
Sheila held up her knife. “Explain this then?”
Hayden tilted his head before examining his own knife. “Huh. Mine looks the same.”
Max inspected the blades and then looked over his own. “This isn't even all steel.”
Sheila scowled. “What?”
“The discoloration. We used to see that with cheap cooking utensils. And look at the base... AC... Aarlis Corporation. Ray? Your buddy makes these?”
“He only does mining. The defense company belongs to his father.”
“Well they are selling us cheap junk.”
The lieutenant came up. “Bad news. Gunny Marcos is among the casualties. Broken back. Initial scan looks like a crushed vertebra. He will probably receive a medical discharge because of it. But he should still have the use of his legs.”
The loss put our group in a funk. The ground fighting on Exeter halted the following day when a new Togmal fleet was spotted coming our way. The order came down to evacuate.
Twenty minutes later, we were on our way back to Haven. The fleet that secured our retreat paid a heavy price. We lost six destroyers and three light cruisers. Another three destroyers took heavy damage. At the time, the Togmal didn't pursue. Shortly after we found out why.
The intel reports told us the Togmal were building structures on Exeter. Command undertook plans for a new invasion fleet. But that fleet was not expected to be ready for an assault for another three months.
Meanwhile, back on Haven, the new base was about to be completed. In addition, our company received a new round of recruits, bringing us back to full strength.
For his efforts on Exeter, Lieutenant Rascoe received a promotion to captain. With that promotion he took charge of four platoons and two lieutenants. Our new lieutenant was Chatham Davis. He was another Earther, born and bred.
After an introduction to the platoons by Davis, he called me into his office.
“Corporal Jackson. I've heard nothing but good things.”
“Just trying to do as I'm told, sir.”
“Well, you seem to be doing things right. And while I don't have a lot of time in service, three years, I don't recall seeing anyone promoted twice within a few months.”
“Promoted, sir?”
The lieutenant held out a hand. “Congratulations, Sergeant Jackson.”
“Sergeant? I can't think I've earned that, Lieutenant. The others in my squad have fought just as hard.”
“They have. And I'm happy to say PFCs Roth, Garvin, and Getz have all earned their corporal stripes.”
It was something I was happy to hear. The others on my team had fought as hard and taken as many risks as I had. They deserved the promotions.
While I had the lieutenant's ear, I raised the issue about our combat knives. They had seen heavy use, that was a given, but the construction was shoddy, not high-quality stainless steel. Sheila was dismayed after finding rust on hers. Hayden's had a slight bend to it. Considering the force he could apply, I wondered how the blade hadn't already snapped off. The lieutenant said he would look into it. I took him at his word.
For three months the Togmal did not attack any other colony. They were busy. And our command was busy planning out a raid to take back the colony of Exeter.
Our shipyards were slow to ramp up production. A destroyer was projected to take six months to construct. At the pace we were losing them, and given the limited size of our fleets, the admiralty worried we might run out of ships in as few as three years. The politicians scoffed at the thought but folded to pressure and issued new contracts. I was certain Thomas's father would soon be the wealthiest individual in the Union, if he wasn't already.
I heard Thomas's ventures on Echelon were coming into their own with the rapid opening of four new shafts. I checked the job postings. It had never been a better time to be seeking work. Hiring bonuses were being offered, even for common laborer positions. I wondered what I would have been working on had I remained there with him.
As our fleet was preparing to embark on a quest to regain control of Exeter, the Togmal were opening a new front. The Richland Colony, a colony inhabited by over five million citizens, was under threat. Orders had just come through, changing our deployment.

Chapter   21
_______________________

I stuffed the last of my gear into my pack. Sheila came over to sit beside me. “What's your take on Richland? Shouldn't they be evacuating those people?”
“Don't ask me what goes through the mind of a politician. We lost Exeter, including all one hundred fifty thousand citizens, because they weren't prepared to make the hard decisions. Had they committed the ships we could have protected that colony. Instead, they sit parked in orbit over the major colonies... who aren't under any threat.”
Sheila shook her head. “If I lived on any of these outer worlds, I would buy a ticket to somewhere deep in the Union. The lack of positive action shows how much we matter out here.”
“You get your new knife?”
Sheila pulled the blade from its pouch, twisting it in the air as she admired its shiny surface. “I did. This is what they should look like all the time. Can't believe mine rusted.”
I glanced around our barracks. “I can't believe how cheap a lot of this stuff is made. It's like they expect it to be looked at but never used.”
“The corporations have the politicians in their pockets.”
I chuckled. “Nothing new there. Been like that for a thousand years.”
Sheila returned the blade to its sheath. “Well, I guess you have to play the hand they dealt you. If I have to stick a Togmal with a rusty blade, then so be it.”
Hayden came over. “You still complaining about that.”
Sheila leaned close to Hayden. “You still want me?”
Hayden returned a nod. “You know I do.”
“I thought so.” Sheila stood and walked to her bunk.
Hayden sighed. “That should make me mad, but for some reason it just turns me on.”
Lieutenant Davis walked up. “Well, turn it off. Grab your gear. We assemble outside in five.”
I asked, “Do we know what's ahead for us on Richland?”
“Command gave us the town of Bigguns to defend.”
Hayden chuckled. “Bigguns? Someone seriously named a town Bigguns?”
“Population of six thousand. I'm told the name came from two nearby mountains. The town mines gypsum and turns it into sheet-rock. And yes, there is still a market for the stuff. Especially so in the outer colonies where monies are tight.”
Davis looked toward a window in thought. “I bought polymite panels for a renovation I was doing at home. They've gotten expensive, and the locals don't give you a choice but to use them. Building codes out here aren't as restrictive.
“Funny, my old man worked with a lobbying firm the last four years. They were trying to force the same building standards out here as elsewhere. The corporations are paying big money for that effort.”
After reaching the colony town of Bigguns, we walked down the transport's ramp and onto the gray-colored ground. The townsfolk gave us the use of a warehouse as a temporary shelter. The area saw rain showers one out of three days. It was humid, this being the summer months, which meant it was often sweltering, almost unbearably so. Sweat was forming on my brow after only a few minutes.
We marched into the warehouse where the first order of business was for us to clean. Dust was everywhere... as were the local rodents. The lieutenant gave Hayden and Sheila the job of rat control. I found it funny how the furry little menaces had spread to every colony of the Union. I knew they would one day inhabit the entire galaxy—them and the cockroaches—likely their master plan.
Every leftover piece of equipment or material we moved caused a hundred of the small, furry menaces to skitter about. Hayden and Sheila turned the hunt into more of a game. It was a good tension breaker for our company.
After discovering a giant air pump, I took the end of a vacuum hose. I went over every inch of the warehouse, sending a nasty cloud of dust into the air surrounding the building. I felt lucky to be one of the few who remained inside.
As our platoon worked at cleaning our new headquarters, Captain Rascoe took the others into town to scout the area for defense. He gave a sector to each platoon. After reviewing their reports, each would swap sectors with another unit. This happened three times. The lieutenant was adamant he would be getting a full understanding of the area.
Several hours later, Rascoe and the others returned. He told us the six thousand official inhabitants were closer to four. The others had gone to the larger cities and were looking for transportation elsewhere. Those who remained cowered in their homes. They asked when the government was coming to ferry them to safety. We were the bringers of bad news. That rescue would not be happening.
After night had fallen, we sat around in the warehouse as Rascoe developed his defensive strategy. “These two streets are key. Given the steep hills on the east and west side, any attack will have to come from north or south. We use these two roads to funnel them into the town square. We'll be using these storefronts as our fortifications. After removing any glass, we'll weld steel panels in place. It's low-tech but should be effective.”
One lieutenant raised a hand. “Sir, what if they send in gunships?”
“We have a dozen of the skink missiles available. They were effective on Exeter. But this is important, we only have that dozen. I'm not expecting a resupply coming our way. So, use them only when you're certain you have a kill shot. What else?”
A sergeant raised a hand. “Sir, do we know what troop strength we can expect?”
“No idea, Sergeant. What we know is the fleet they spotted had thirty transports with it. If the numbers hold up, that would possibly be thirty companies on the ground. Triple what we have at the moment. We are digging in, taking defensive advantage.”
I asked, “What do we do with the civilians?”
Rascoe frowned. “I'm told we do nothing. Our mission is to defeat whatever force the Togmal may put on the ground. We have been ordered not to spend effort defending these people other than to defeat the Togmal. If a civilian comes your way, begging for help, direct them to stay behind you, nothing more.”
It was a shocking admission of how little our government was willing to do.
Rascoe continued, “I'll be sending runners out in the morning to spread the word. Most will have already received this instruction from their government officials. I know all this sounds callous, but it's the situation here on the ground. We cannot defend them unless we defend ourselves first. Got it?”
It was a harsh reality. Each of the squad sergeants nodded.
“Good. Now, get your meals squared away and get yourselves some rest. Dawn on this planet will be here in nine hours. We're on eighteen-hour days.”
One sergeant raised a hand. “Sir, why aren't we working on the defenses tonight?”
“I don't expect that effort to take us more than half a day, Sergeant. They told us we will have at least twenty-four-hours warning should that fleet head this way. At the moment they are just sitting there.”
Hayden asked, “Why isn't our fleet attacking them, sir?”
“Good question, Corporal. Unfortunately, my rank doesn't come with answers. You have your orders, so get some grub and shuteye.”
I sat on an empty bucket I had flipped over. I squeezed a nutrilog out of its package, almost swallowing it whole. I remembered the first time seeing one and how disgusted I was. But hunger had a way of helping you get past that revulsion.
Sheila complained, “Don't think I'll ever get used to these.”
It wasn't a bad meal. Not much taste, but it filled your belly in under a minute. We were told it provided all the nutritional supplements of a home-cooked meal—I had my doubts. I next drank my required half liter of water.
When I turned to toss the package, I notice the little AC stamped in the corner. The Aarlis Corporation had their hands in almost every aspect of the war. Our food, our gear, our weapons, and even our warships came from AC. I wasn't certain, but I had a sneaky feeling the temporary bases we had seen being constructed were being built by a subsidiary.
As I laid my head down on my bedroll, I couldn't help but to think about Denise and Pea. It had been over nine months since their deaths. In my mind it still felt like it happened yesterday.
Max disturbed my thoughts. “Sarge. I can't say why, but I have a bad feeling about this mission.”
“Yeah, can't say I'm liking it much either. Too many unknowns. Such as, why are we limited in the number of skink missiles we have? There must be thousands of those sitting in warehouses on the main colonies. Are our supply lines that bad?”
Max shrugged. “I heard most of the supply was out of date. The Beacher Corporation makes those, and the news-feeds had a spokesman on saying they were ramping up production, but it would take time to right the shortage. Almost makes you wonder if they do that on purpose.”
“They?”
“The defense contractors. The more of this stuff they slow roll the harder these outer colonies get hit. Puts those contractors in a sweet bargaining position.”
I chuckled. “Well, aren't you the conspiracy theorist.”
“Just saying. You know, they already make everything we consume. And when have you ever noticed their pricing on anything to be fair? Everyone I know spends almost their entire income every month.”
I shook my head. “They charge what they know the market will bear. I would say most of these people you are referring to are hooked on all the conveniences they enjoy. Back in school, I used to wonder how much I could save if I lived off the grid. And then I considered giving up my stuff. Not that I had much, but I liked what I had.”
Max sat up. “I never asked you this. You went to college and got a degree. Why didn't you join as an officer?”
I was silent for several seconds. “Didn't want the responsibility. I seriously just wanted to kill Togmal.”
“And now?”
“Same. I just wish we had more competent officers. Rascoe seems good. But he's taking his orders from someone who's never seen combat. I picture most of those people as having been in a nice, chummy club until now. What used to matter, all the politicking, is now a detriment to making sound judgments. But that's a blanket statement that doesn't apply to everyone. Now lie down and get some zees. Tomorrow is coming fast.”
Just before dawn, a lieutenant was banging on the side of the warehouse and yelling. “Up and at 'em maggots. Stuff your gullets and form up in ten. We have a big day ahead of us.”
I downed another nutrilog and a half liter of liquid before joining about forty others out by the side of the building. We were pissing into a freshly-dug trench. Further down were the squatters. Having managed that effort the evening before, I was quickly back in formation with my gear on my back.
One of the lieutenants stopped in front of me. “Sergeant? There a reason you're toting that pack?”
“We're at war, sir. Just trying to stay prepared.”
“Did you not hear the captain last night? We're expecting a twenty-four-hour notice before the hostiles arrive. That pack is likely just to be a burden today.”
I nodded. “I'm expecting as much, sir.” I leaned in. “And how much do you trust we get that kind of notice?”
The lieutenant stood in thought for several seconds before turning to the group coming up to us. “You Marines return and get your packs. We will stay at the ready.”
The group grumbled as they turned around.
I said, “We can't leave things to chance, sir. This is war and we have to be prepared if we want to be on the winning side at all times.”
The lieutenant scurried back into the warehouse for his own set of gear.
Max was standing beside me, his pack hanging on his shoulders. “He hasn't been in a fight yet. Most of the Marines here have yet to see action. That makes us the wise ones.”
“Sad, but true.”
We marched into town. The streets were deserted. Residents peeked out through windows, many of which were being boarded up. We took over the storefronts around the town square and began our defensive conversion.

Chapter   22
_______________________

We spent the morning welding steel together. A transport had flown in two stacks of meter-square plates from a factory several hundred kilometers away. Given the lack of instruction and aid coming from command, I thought we were lucky to have them. It seemed they had dumped us at Bigguns because it was a just large enough town for them to hear complaints. A thousand fewer inhabitants and command might have left them on their own.
Hayden, with his broad, strong shoulders, was a steel moving machine. He took the one-hundred-kilogram plates as a challenge. I don't think I had ever seen a man sweat so much in my life. Richland was a hot and muggy place.
Sheila finished a weld and looked up to see Hayden hauling another plate across the town square. “That is just impressive. When the shooting starts, I want him in front of me.”
I returned a half smile. “I'd have thought the two of you would have gotten together by now.”
“Me? Him? I don't see that happening at all. I'm a chaser. I like chasing men. Usually that's men who want nothing to do with me. I take it as a challenge. Something to overcome. He's a chaser too. If we caught each other... all I can envision is massive boredom. We'd be great friends, but the couples' thing will never happen.”
Sheila looked behind us at the other men working in the building. “Max is the one I can't figure out. I've made a few advances, just to see if I could get a reaction, and he's given no response... at all. I don't know if he's repulsed by me or intimidated. That drives me crazy.”
I chuckled. “Maybe a little of both.”
Sheila turned with a sarcastic smirk. “Thanks. That helps.”
Captain Rascoe came into the storefront we occupied, eyeballing the defensive barrier we were piecing together. “Looks good. What do we have, another half hour or so?”
Sheila nodded. “Sounds about right, sir.”
“Captain,” I asked, “is defending from here our only strategy?”
“I think it's a good effort given our surroundings. You have something on your mind?”
“Well, sir, maybe a squad on each side of the town, up on the hills. We don't want them to pin us in here even though this place is looking like a fortress. Might be a good idea to have a few rovers out there to keep things in balance.”
“Being up on those hills would expose any rovers to an air assault.”
“Forgive me if I'm wrong, Captain, but I don't see these old buildings being much protection from an air assault either. When we busted into a few of these walls, there was wood framing.”
“Hence the steel plates, Sergeant. But I've had a thought or two similar to what you're suggesting. I'll mull it over.”
“That's all anyone could ask, sir.”
The captain moved on to inspect the next building.
Hayden set one of the steel plates down beside us with a thud. He flexed his arms for Sheila before wiping the sweat from his forehead. “Nothing like a good morning exercise.”
Sheila shook her head. “Yeah. Something to make you need a shower.”
Hayden winked before heading back out for another plate. The two Marines behind us struggled to move the plate into place for a weld.
The morning soon turned into afternoon. The barriers were up. The supplies were in place. The only thing left to do was wait.
The captain returned. “Sergeant, we'll go with your suggestion. Take your squad and man the east ridge. I'll be assigning another to the west. Your mission, when the Togmal arrive, is to see they stay near those two center streets. Think of yourselves as the sides of the funnel.”
I nodded. “I think it's a wise move, Captain. What rations should we take with us?”
“Rations? Take your squad up for a recon first. We have time. When you're done, just meet the rest of us at the warehouse.”
The captain turned, “Listen up. Form up outside. We're heading back to the warehouse until our enemies are on the way. And it gets warm in that building during the day, so keep yourselves hydrated. Now fall out.”
My squad comprised of me and seven others. The captain sent a similar unit to the hill on the west side. He mentioned giving each squad a single skink missile. I wondered if my suggestion would be a help or a hindrance to our survival.
The hill on the east side was too steep for a climb. We walked for a kilometer to reach a trail that would take us to within a few hundred meters of the center of town. The Richland sun was beating down hard. I gulped the water in my camel-pack, suddenly realizing I was out. We were close to the warehouse and a fresh supply, but I did not like being vulnerable should an attack come.
I shoved my drinking tube back into my pack. “Let's get this recon done and get back. I'm out of water and I know several of you are too. We should try not to put ourselves in such a potentially catastrophic situation.”
Max repeated, “Captain said at least a twenty-four-hour warning.”
“This is war.” I turned. “Hayden, you, Max, Layla, and Sam take that end of the ridge. We're looking for anywhere that will give us sighting down below and cover from above. I know these trees are sparse, but we may have to use them. Sheila, you, Mitch, and Clark come with me.”
As we walked our end of the ridge, Sheila began her usual banter. “Clark? Who gives their kid that name anymore? That is way old-school.”
Clark grinned. “It's unique, it's strong, and it shows intelligence. At least that's what my mamma always told me.”
We had only been walking for a minute when Hayden opened a comm. “Sarge, I think we have a spot. Has trees on the backside and a meter-high ridge of rock on the front. We add netting and we should be invisible from the air.”
“We'll be right there.”
The place was what I had hoped for. The only problem was its location. Should an advance come from the south end of town we would be in prime position. If from the north, we were almost too far.
“This is a good find. We'll come back in the morning and secure it. Darkness will be here soon, let's hit the other end, collect the others, and make our way back to base.”
We mulled over two locations with the final selection going to a stand of trees. Again, we would be reliant on netting to mask our position, but netting was something we had in abundance.
When we reached the warehouse, I felt relief at seeing a sonic shower was up and operational. The line for its use stretched back fifty meters as the captain ordered everyone to go through. With the humidity and temperature of the Richland day, we were all in dire need of sanitary care.
After a meal, we settled on our bedrolls. A loud rattle followed by a bang had us sitting up and alert.
Hayden stood, looking toward the back of the building. “Tell me that wasn't what I think it was.”
Sheila replied, “Air conditioner?”
Hayden turned and looked down. “I just told you not to tell me.”
I gestured toward his bedroll. “Not much we can do about it.”
Hayden removed his chest, shoulder, and thigh protectors. The clasps holding on his forearm and shin protectors came off too. He laid down on his back, closing his eyes.
Sheila chuckled. “You're gonna be all comfy... until the rats find you.”
“There are no more rats. We killed them all.”
Sheila leaned close. “You tell yourself that as they gnaw on your neck.” She used a fingernail to make a light scratch.
Hayden opened a single eye. “If you're determined to keep a man awake, at least give him something to be awake for.”
Sheila laid back on her bedroll. “Your mind is always in the gutter, Haymaker. Someday a heavy cleansing rain is gonna come and wash you away.”
“If it warms up like I think it will, I may wish for that rain tonight.”
An hour later, applause rolled through the warehouse as the air unit came back on. We slept through the night only to wake in the morning to a loud clanging on the exterior of the building. We ate chow, packed, donned our gear, and marched into the already warming sunshine of Richland.
As we approached downtown, my squad split to the east as another split to the west. We brought netting and supplies that would last us several days. When we reached the two sites we had settled on, we stretched netting between the trees and took rest in the partial shade.
Hayden was leaning against a tree. “Other than the heat, this isn't such a bad deployment.”
I wiped a few beads of sweat from my forehead. “Too humid.”
Hayden chuckled. “You're sweating already? Must be out of shape.”
“I used to run all day as a kid. Never broke a sweat. I think four years on Baxter ruined my body's ability to cool itself. Was always a struggle to stay warm out there.”
Sheila said, “Baxter was a terror. I can't imagine what Echelon was like.”
“Five minutes of exposure and your skin freezes. I got caught outside when the Togmal attacked.”
Sheila turned. “I never heard that story. Tell.”
I relayed the events of that day to my team. Chuckles and high-fives followed when I told of spitting on the dead Togmal's face. It was an event I hadn't thought about since losing Denise. I lost interest in joking about the situation when thoughts of her demise entered my mind.
I was slipping into another funk when an alert came over our comms. The Togmal were coming.
We scrambled with last-minute checks before realizing we had another twenty-four-hours until their arrival. Having to wait while knowing they were coming was both irritating and unnerving. Orders came for us to camp in place for the night.
Hayden took a sip from his camel-back. “Already missing my air conditioning. Be ripe in this suit by the time they get here—gonna think we're a bunch of barbarians.”
Sheila huffed. “The only thing they'll be thinking is 'crap... I'm dead.' That will at least be their last thought before my plasma bolts explode their heads.”
Max asked, “What do you think they are like? I mean, families? Jobs? What kind of culture do they have?”
Sheila stared. “You wonder too much, Maxy. Last thing you want to do is develop empathy for an enemy you have to kill.”
“Not saying I want to like them or anything. I just wonder what they are about. Why are they attacking? Has to be a reason.”
“The reason is they are dumb-insane-aliens.”
I said, “Get some shuteye the both of you. When they hit the ground there is no telling when we'll sleep next.”
The night seemed long, but peaceful. I couldn't sleep. The telling of my adventure back on Echelon had Denise and Pea in the forefront of my thoughts. I was just dozing off when an alert came over our comms. The Togmal were getting close.
The battle in space raged as our fleet engaged. We expected their forces to be on the ground in an hour. The initial reports announced the fighting was fierce.

Chapter   23
_______________________

I kicked Hayden's boot to wake him.
He sat up, rubbing his eyes. “You ruined an awesome dream. I was in this bar, surrounded by women—”
Sheila smirked. “Now we know it was a dream.”
Hayden turned. “Shut your pie-hole, Getz.”
I interrupted. “In case the two of you slept through that alert, we have incoming. The fighting is happening out in space right now.”
Hayden nodded. “I think we both heard. Just trying to occupy our minds while we still have that luxury.”
“Get yourselves fed, watered, and evacuated. You won't want to be stopping for a squat when this all gets started.”
Hayden looked down at the town as he raised his hand. “Excuse me, Togmal. Could you hold up a sec? I gotta go pinch a loaf.”
Sheila shook her head. “I bet he would do it too.”
I pointed two fingers in their direction. “Take care of your business.”
We had been sitting, staring down at the town when the first of the black ships plunged through a cloud. Clark held up a skink missile, arming its warhead as the launch-tube sat on his shoulder. A pair of gunships were heading toward us.
Clark coordinated with the other squad, “Jeff. Clark. I have the one to our side.”
“Got it. Firing in five... four... three... two... one. Away.”
The skink under our control hissed as it jetted from our position. The gunship to the east cut away hard, but not in time. Clark's missile hit it center mass, turning the small ship into a fireball as it plummeted to the ground. The other skink only clipped a wingtip. It was a wingtip that had little use other than for decoration as gravity drives held the vessel in the air.
The gunship turned hard again, circling around and obliterating the other squad as they scrambled to separate. We remained frozen, hidden under our camouflage netting. A third skink shot up from the town, destroying the gunship as it crossed above town toward our position.
Sheila pumped a fist in the air. “Take that scumbags.”
The next ship dropping through the clouds was a frigate. We were all on edge as a half dozen skinks zipped up from the town... with only one missing. The other five made hard contact, but the frigate continued to come.
Max shook his head. “This is bad.”
The remaining skinks dashed up from below, impacting the Togmal warship head-on. Flames and smoke shot from its sides. Debris skipped away from where the ship's bridge had once been. The seventy-meter-long ship fell from the sky at the same instant it reached the outskirts of town. Smoke, flame, dirt, and building debris shot into the air as the downed ship skidded through town.
Sheila stood. “No. No. No.”
The expanding, tumbling remains of the Togmal frigate rolled through the downtown area like a plow through a field. When the pieces and parts came to a rest, the town square was in shambles. Not a wall over a meter in height remained.
I took Sheila by the arm and pulled her down. “This isn't over yet.”
Two transports came in along the same glide-path as the gunships. They passed over the town, landing on the north side near our warehouse. Ramps deployed and two full companies of Togmal warriors hustled out onto the ground and into formation. The four Marines left in charge of the warehouse charged out with their blasters firing.
Dozens of plasma rifles fired at once with several seconds of chaos following. I wanted to run to their aid, but we were too far. I took the binoculars from my pack and scanned the town. Somehow, there were at least a dozen of our Marines who had survived. I looked back at the Togmal to see one company of their warriors charging at our remaining fighters while the other company marched toward the town.
Sheila was looking through binoculars of her own. “We have to do something, Sarge. If only for the townsfolk.”
I nodded. “Let's move to the other location. From there we do what we can to stop their advance.”
I opened a general comm as we ran toward the other site we had set up. “Anyone down in the town. You have a full company of Togmal coming your way. Put together a defense or get yourselves out of there.”
Several replies came back. “Who is this?”
“Sergeant Jackson. We're up on the east hill.”
“Jackson, this is Davis. Tell me what you see.”
“Maybe a hundred fifty Togmal just entering the north end of town. The warehouse is being overrun. Hold up... I confirm. They overran the warehouse. Looks like about another hundred twenty lining up. I would suggest you make your way out the south end of town and up onto this ridge. We'll try to defend from here where we have an advantage.”
Lieutenant Davis was silent for several seconds. “No can do, Sergeant. We have wounded and I'm not abandoning these people.”
I wanted to argue, but the side of me that cared, the side that had empathy for our Marines and the civilians trapped in the town below, made me hold my tongue. “Lieutenant, we're taking a position on the north end of the east ridge. You'll see our plasma fire coming down any second. Come toward the east side if possible. We'll do our best to protect you from up here.”
“Moving east. And say your prayers, Sergeant. I don't think the situation will get any better than it is right now.”
We took position near our north hideout, flipping our video scopes up as we laid down, assuming sniper positions. Max was the first to let loose a burst. Three Togmal fell before the others scattered, seeking cover. Over the next hour another twenty-seven Togmal were killed. We had the rest pinned down. Just below us, I could see the lieutenant helping to move the wounded, both Marines and civilians, into a large square home.
Hayden turned his binoculars to the north. “We have trouble coming.”
I rolled to that side for a look. “Two platoons from that second company? Why didn't we see them split off?”
“They came from that second transport.”
I glanced over my shoulder. “Clark. You and Mitch move down to that boulder. See if you can slow them down while we figure this out. Sam, I want you and Layla to recon the back of this hill. I want a path out of here should we need it, and I want to know if we could circle around behind those platoons for a flanking maneuver.”
Clark nodded. “Got it.”
The two pairs hustled away.
Sheila said, “If we're fighting up here, we're not slowing them up down there, Sarge.”
“Just keep pulling those triggers.”
Hayden scowled. “Can't see the little buggers. Except for the occasional head pop.”
Max said, “I've been targeting whatever is next to them. Nothing like a good debris shower to cause damage. We should count ourselves lucky they're wearing uniforms and not hardened gear.”
Hayden huffed as he squeezed off another round. “Speaking of that. Our body armor could use an update. Too much exposure if you ask me. And I'm certain we have the technology to do far better.”
Sheila chuckled. “It's a question of money. The military doesn't have any. It gets spent on parties for the policymakers. We wear the result.”
I replied, “Can't fault the government on this one. We haven't had to fight in centuries. Threats have been non-existent. These Togmal came out of nowhere.”
Sheila shook her head. “They've been attacking us for ten months. Our government is inept. We should be under martial law, with everything being poured into defense. I mean, look at us here. A dozen small missiles to protect an entire town? And where has command been on this? Why aren't they coordinating with us on the comms?”
I stared through the binoculars at the nearest Togmal transport. “That would be Davis's concern. I have to believe they're communicating with him.”
“Then why hasn't he commed us?”
“Good question.”
I opened a comm. “Lieutenant. What's the word from command?”
“They're getting their asses kicked up above. We're on our own. The Togmal have taken out our fleet command ship. I'm waiting for a new commander, but that hasn't happened. What's your status?”
“Two platoons advancing on us. We're taking action to see if we can flank them. If they get much closer, we may have to abandon our position. That would put them right above you. Have you set up a defense?”
“Just getting onto that now. We're still moving the wounded. It's a mess down here, Sergeant. A complete mess.”
“We have that company pinned down, but they are slogging your direction. Any way for you to evac?”
“There are eleven of us who remain capable. Twenty-six wounded. I'm uncertain we can move again. And we lost both our medics. Our most qualified Marine functioning as a medic at the moment was once a dental hygienist. That should tell you something about our situation.”
Hayden cut in. “Sarge, the Togmal are closing on their position. Lieutenant's got about eight minutes before they reach his street.”
“Lieutenant. You have less than eight minutes before they are on top of you. You should scout a retreat path.”
“Not happening, Sergeant. We make our stand here.”
A comm came in from Sam. “Sarge. We have the platoons outflanked. I'm looking at the backs of several dozen Togmal right now and they have nowhere but open space to retreat into. Permission to fire on them, Sarge?”
I opened a second comm. “Clark? You in position? Sam is ready to cull the herd.”
“We have them in sight, Sarge. If they have the angle, I say take it.”
I switched channels. “Sam. You have the go-ahead. Make every shot count. We need to keep this hill.”
“Consider it ours, Sarge.”
Clark and Mitch opened fire from their positions. I could hear the whumps of plasma fire coming from the north side of the ridge we occupied.
The firefight raged for several minutes before Clark opened a comm. “Mitch is down and out. And so is Sam, from what I can see. There are still six of them kicking. We no longer have the angles. And neither of us can get back without exposing ourselves.”
Max moved from his firing position. “Let me go help, Sarge. I can't hit anything down below, anyway.”
Sheila nodded. “They've moved into a set of buildings where we don't have a shot. Let him go if they need help.”
I gestured with my head. “Go. And bring them back alive.”
Max hustled off.
The whumps of plasma being fired and the cracks of impact continued for another few minutes.
Layla opened a comm. “Sarge. Clark is hit. Max is down. I can't see him. We neutralized the threat.”
“Check on the others and report back.”
Clark came over a comm. “I'm in bad shape, Sarge. My guts are showing. Don't think I'm surviving this.”
I heard Layla in the background. “Ugh. That is some unlucky crap, Clark. Here. Giving you an injection.”
Seconds passed before she replied, “His last action was to refuse the shot, Sarge.”
I asked, “Layla? Is Clark... ?”
“He's gone, Sarge. Nothing we could have done.”
“And Max?”

Chapter   24
_______________________

“Gone too. Took a bolt to the fa—let's say it was bad, and immediate. He didn't feel it.”
Hayden stood, firing his blaster rifle toward the Togmal below as he yelled. “Argggghhhh.”
Sheila pulled him back toward the ground as several plasma bolts flew over his head. “Get down, you idiot.”
Hayden stood defiant for several seconds before kneeling and going back to the prone position. “Shouldn't have been him.”
“It's not looking good for any of us. They send another platoon up this ridge, we've got no way to stop them.”
I hustled down to where Max's body lay. It was a scene I wished I could un-see. Only his torso remained. His blaster rifle was blown in half, its circuits exposed. The image of his defunct weapon burned into my memory.
I opened a comm to Lieutenant Davis as I hustled back to the others. “Sir, we've secured the hill, but it cost us four people. The Togmal below us have moved into the buildings. Unless they jump out into the open, we can't help you.”
“I thought about what you said earlier about going south. We're moving some of the wounded. We need another ten minutes before we're fully back on defense.”
“You don't have ten, Lieutenant. No word yet from command?”
“They've assigned us a new CO, but I've yet to raise him. Word is the Togmal have transports landing all over this planet.”
“You still at a strength of eleven?”
“Nine. Two went forward to slow them down. Both comms have disconnected.”
“Make your move south, Lieutenant. We'll do what we can from up here to slow their progress. My guess is we're still facing two hundred warriors.”
“Will let you know when we've arrived.”
The fight for Bigguns continued for another hour. The Togmal were relentless, moving ever forward and strategically staying out of sight of our weapons on the hill. We had moved from our initial position to the one nearer the south end. The situation then took a turn for the worse.
The Togmal went into a residential section. They dragged civilians from their homes and executed them in the street. I liked to think of myself as hardened, but the barbarous acts of terror had me on the verge of chucking guts. The Togmal were doing little more than terminating pests. It was a horrifying situation and we had no power to stop it.
Sheila said, “More bad news. Looks like we have another couple platoons heading this way. They must have split off from the others.”
“Where are they?” I asked.
“Just coming onto the base of the hill at the far end. In three minutes they'll be on top of our old location. Two minutes beyond and they'll be here.”
I opened a comm. “Lieutenant. We may move your way. Two platoons are heading up the hill.”
Layla said, “Sarge. The flanking maneuver worked until the end. If we hustle, we might catch them with it again.”
I looked a Sheila. “You ladies think you can swing around from behind?”
Sheila grinned. “That's what we do best.”
Hayden said, “I can't fathom what that even means.”
Layla added. “Like snakes in the grass.”
“I don't get that reference either.”
Sheila sighed. “How about we'll kick their asses up and down that hill?”
Hayden nodded as we ran that way. “I can get behind that.”
Layla glanced over her shoulder. “Just don't leave the cover of those rocks. That's what got Sam, Mitch, and Max.”
We moved into position at just the right moment. The girls shot from the side as we fired from behind our rocky protection. The Togmal attempted a rush forward, losing a full platoon as they went. Half of those who remained fell prey to our plasma as they ran for the nearest cover. The set of shrubs the remainder dove behind were soon in flame. Two minutes later, the last of the Togmal platoon fighters fell.
Hayden stood. “That wasn't so bad.”
Sheila came walking toward us with a scowl. “They got Layla. Lucky shot perfectly between the rocks we were behind.”
Hayden's chin dropped toward the ground as he closed his eyes. He then gritted his teeth as he growled.
I grabbed his shoulder and squeezed. “Come on. The Lieutenant and the others still need us.”
We hustled back to our prior location. The Togmal down below were on the move.
I opened a comm to the lieutenant. “We're back in position, sir. Tell us where you want fire concentrated.”
The lieutenant was in the middle of a firefight. The whumps from his plasma rifle echoed over the comm. “We're down to six of us, Sergeant.”
“We're on our way.”
“Belay that move. They're closing in from two directions now. Take your squad and be a thorn in the side of these lizards for as long as you can hold out. That's my final order.”
Hayden said, “We move down to that ledge and we might just open a fire lane.”
“That would expose us. I'm not looking to die in a blaze of glory. I want to inflict as much pain and punishment as is possible. If we live out today, we remain to fight tomorrow.”
“So, what do we do right now?”
“We keep picking off the singles until we have a solid plan.”
A comm hail I didn't recognize pulsed on my display.
“This is Sergeant Jackson.” I answered.
“Jackson, Major Stacker. I have command of your company. Your CO and his lieutenants aren't responding to their comms.”
“One moment, sir.”
I tried the lieutenant's comm. There was no reply.
“Major. I think Lieutenant Davis is no longer with us. Most of them are dead.”
“I have a gunship on the way, Sergeant. Should be about two minutes out. Are you in a position to pass on firing coordinates?”
“We are. One moment, Major. I'm pegging the last known locations of our people. Have the gunship pummel everything around those going back one hundred meters. You have our location, pass that along to the pilot. We'll sit tight and report. Probably close to two hundred hostiles still in the town.”
I sent the coordinates. Only a minute later, the gunship came slipping in just above the hilltops. The pilot targeted the two transports first. Then came a rapid-fire barrage on the town surrounding the last known location of Lieutenant Davis. Plasma shredded the already-damaged buildings. A cloud of dust and debris rose from below. The blasts seemed to take an eternity but were over in only seconds.
The gunship captain opened a comm. “All we can give you, Sergeant. I'll comm-in a transport. How many?”
“Three. Unless we have any survivors below.”
“Got it. Keep yourselves alive, Sergeant. They may pull the plug on this operation at any moment.”
“Our fleet above?”
“All I can say is the fight didn't go much in our favor. Good luck down there.”
We stood watching, picking off a half-dozen Togmal survivors from above. When the dust cloud moved away from town, we made our way down. Townsfolk were coming out from where they had barricaded themselves in. It surprised me how many there were.
We hurried our way to the lieutenant's last position. Sheila found his body... or what remained of it. Hayden executed a check of the building where the lieutenant had taken the wounded. There was evidence a Togmal squad had gone through it, meaning there were no survivors. A quick sweep of the area found a single Marine, knocked unconscious, under a pile of rubble.
After extrication, Sheila pulled his waterline from his pack. She removed his helmet and dribbled water on his face. A groggy Marine opened his eyes. “Mom?”
Hayden roared. It was a moment of levity we all needed. Sheila had a good laugh with us.
She asked, “What's your name?”
“Mayhew, Arthur T., private.”
“Well, Mayhew, Arthur T., private, this is your lucky day. Depending on how you want to look at it.”
Hayden said, “Arthur T. Mayhew. The Master of Disaster.”
It was a nickname that stuck, but it was only used by Hayden.
Art asked, “The lieutenant?”
“Sorry.” Sheila shook her head. “Davis didn't make it. The four of us here. We're it.”
Art sat up. “The wounded?”
“Massacred.”
“The Togmal?”
“Defeated here. But from what we're hearing, we didn't do so well up above.”
I opened a comm. “Major Stacker. We have four of us remaining. And it's looking as though maybe five hundred civilians made it through. Could easily be more.”
“I'm sending over coordinates for a pickup. Expect your ride to be there in about... six minutes.”
“And the civilians?”
“I've been told the civilians are being worked, Sergeant. Just get your Marines to the coordinates. The gunship that helped you a short while ago is swinging by on their way back in. It's a slightly larger model with a cabin. Good luck.”
“The bigger fight, anything you can tell us?”
“I'll brief you when you're in the air, Sergeant. Get your butts to the coordinates I sent.”
“Yes, sir.”
The comm closed.
“Help him up.”
Sheila asked, “You okay to stand?”
Mayhew nodded. “I think so. The blast must have happened behind me. Took a blow to the head.”
Sheila smirked. “Safest injury for Corporal Roth too.”
Hayden pointed as he got under Arthur Mayhew's arm. “I'll remember that, Missy.”
I looked up from where we were and noticed a woman and a young girl calling out a man's name as they walked through the rubble. I felt compelled to assist. Thoughts of Denise and Pea flooded into my consciousness. I had only moved a short distance toward them when a Togmal warrior, covered in dust and blood, rose from the debris just a few meters away. I charged, yelling to grab his attention from the innocents.
When he turned in my direction and raised his weapon I unloaded with my blaster, vowing to sacrifice myself if that was what it took to save them. I was rewarded for my effort as a plasma bolt hit him center mass, shredding his insides and sending him back to the dead from where he had come. At that same moment, a man came running to the woman and child. My heart lifted as the trio embraced.
Sheila had come after and was standing beside me. “That has to hit home. Nice work, Ray.”
As we walked toward the coordinates given, two of the other civilians ran up beside us. “What's happening? Are more of you coming?”
I shrugged. “Command said it's being worked. If I were you, I'd gather your family and have everyone else do the same. When a transport comes, you'll want to be on it as fast as possible.”
“So, a transport is coming?”
“I can only assume so.”
Several minutes later, the silhouette of the gunship dropped through the sparse clouds. Dust billowed up as it settled on the ground and the ramp deployed.
The civilian asked, “Where do we wait?”
“Find an open area where you can all board as fast as possible.”
We hustled up the ramp. I glanced back at the civilian as he and his friend hurried toward the others. I walked into the cockpit, anxious to see if a transport was coming.
The pilot looked back as the gunship lifted from the ground. “We've got five minutes to get to Citadel City. The last of the big ships are leaving from there.”
I stared down through the cockpit viewport at the group of civilians who were gathering up. The men who had questioned me were waving their arms at the others.
“What about their transport?” I asked.
The pilot shook his head. “There are no more transports, Sergeant. Consider yourselves lucky. The fleet is pulling out. We've lost Richland.”
A shock went through my body. The civilians who remained on Richland were being abandoned. I had just saved the woman and child only to abandon them minutes later. I wanted to scream out, to demand we turn the gunship around. But the fleet would only be pulling out for one reason. We could not defend Richland. I stumbled back into the cabin and plopped down on a bench. I pulled my helmet, allowing it to drop from my hands and roll to the floor.
Sheila looked up from tending Mayhew. “You look like you just took a kick in the gut, Sarge.”
“They aren't sending a transport.”
“What?”
“The civilians back there. No one is coming for them. The order has come down to abandon Richland.”
Hayden pounded an angry fist on the bench. “Who says? We have Marines back there we need to retrieve.”
My eyes never lifted from the floor. “This battle is over. We lost. The full price of this loss is being paid by those we're leaving behind.”
Sheila's usual chipper expression turned to one of sadness. It was the first time since Juan's death where she wasn't laughing or joking. We took the resounding defeat hard. I fell into a depression.

Chapter   25
_______________________

Failure on Richland was a devastating blow to the Union. The politicians were all pointing fingers and naming the names of those to be held responsible. They fired the fleet admiral who led the defense. They did the same to the three admirals who made up his command. All were from long-time military families, something considered an asset before the start of the war.
Most members of command now viewed family ties as a detriment. Many had not earned their positions. In years past, politicians who wanted to align themselves with important family names, granted promotions liberally. Numerous admirals had children who had become admirals. Politics had its claws deeply entrenched in our military, and it showed.
Even in the Marines, the lack of experience was telling. The military had curtailed training to the point where if you had tenure, they didn't require you to take part. Change was being called for. Implementation of any change was slow.
Once back at base, we filed our action reports. In an attempt to placate the few survivors of Bigguns, Command promoted me to gunnery sergeant with Hayden and Sheila each making staff sergeant. I had to argue to keep Hayden in my platoon. Art Mayhew received a promotion to corporal.
With our company of Marines dead, command transferred us to a new regiment. The doctors gave Arthur Mayhew a complete evaluation, deeming him to be in good health. Our new CO assigned him to my squad.
Art was four years older than me and was always bragging about his two boys. At first I was annoyed, consumed with my own loss, but the more he talked of his family the more I wanted to hear. I found myself taking his stories and relating them to Denise and Pea. It felt good to actually care about family, if only through a proxy.
Our next assignment was to take back Exeter. The recon reports stated the Togmal were building large structures on the surface. Speculations as to what it was ranged from a ship factory to a processing plant where humans were being converted to food. There had been no officially reported human-consumption incidents, but that didn't stop the media from spreading rumors.
We had just come from a briefing. Command was sending our regiment in to find out what the Togmal were doing. We would be assisted by a hefty fleet, making certain the ten companies of our regiment would make it to the ground. I wondered why there was no mention of extraction when the mission was to be complete. My experience at Richland showed me just how much our military command cared about protecting Marines or civilians.
Sheila and Hayden walked beside me.
Sheila scowled. “You would think they would send in drones to do the recon.”
I shook my head. “Drones are expensive. From what we've seen in these first few battles, unreliable. Aarlis Corporation makes those. I heard some senators started demanding the corporation pay back all its profits.”
“It's doubtful any of those senators will get reelected next term. They've messed up this whole war. Rusty knives, drones that don't work, ships that are slow, and a command structure that can't seem to decide anything without first consulting political members of the Union.” She spat. “Just turn us loose and we'll kick their scaly asses back to wherever they came from.”
Hayden raised an eyebrow. “Might want to keep your voice down. These halls are their territory. You set one off with the wrong comment and we'll be sent to Richland.”
Sheila elevated the right side of her upper lip in disgust. “That didn't even qualify as a bad joke.”
Hayden countered. “You used to be fun. What's gotten in your craw of late?”
“What? This war. It sucks. Everything about it is beyond reason. Why are they here? We haven't even figured that out yet. And we've taken captives. Do we no longer know how to interrogate people?”
Hayden chuckled. “I wouldn't call them people.”
“They're sentient. They would understand interrogation.”
“Maybe they don't crack,” I said. 
Hayden huffed. “Are you kidding? Have you not noticed how they whine like a baby when in pain? They aren't any different in that regard than we are.”
I glanced over at Art as we walked. “You're awfully quiet. You have no position in this fight?”
“I can't decide if I want to take part.” Art looked at Sheila and then Hayden. “You two used to date? Or were you in some kind of relationship? I'd rather not get in the middle of that.”
I wasn't certain why, but the assumption hit me as beyond funny. I turned to the side as a slight giggle turned into a gut-busting howl. Tears flowed from my eyes. Sheila and Hayden both looked irritated. It took several minutes before I could walk without cracking up further.
Art shrugged. “Never knew I was so funny.”
Sheila said, “You aren't. Gunny just has a screw loose today.”
Hayden nodded. “And just to set the record straight. No relationship. Ever. Just friendly banter going back and forth.”
Sheila agreed. “Yeah, friendly banter. I say something funny, he says something stupid.”
Hayden gave a single nod. “Banter, just like that.”
The new campaign comprised sixteen hundred infantry fighters of the 1st Marine Division, 7th Regiment, the Magnificent 7th as they called us. They dropped us on Exeter near the Togmal structure designated as Site-3. A fierce air war had allowed our transports to hit the ground just before dawn.
I walked down the line, checking on the Marines in my platoons. All were ready and eager to take on the enemy. As a final check, I had every Marine pull the power cell on their rifle and test it for charge. Three of the thirty cells came back as defective, only holding a 20 percent charge. Supply issued new cells which the recipients slapped into place just as the transports touched down.
The side ramp opened, and our platoons poured out. Instead of getting into formation just outside the ship, I had convinced our new lieutenant to take our platoons a half-kilometer to a treeline. As we reached the trees, a Togmal gunship came out of nowhere, firing into the formation the others had made. Some Marines returned small arms fire, while others scrambled to find cover, and still, others ran back onto the transport.
The Togmal showed those who chose the transport why it was a bad move. Heavy cannon rounds set the entire ship ablaze before two of our gunships chased the Togmal vessel away. Again, we had lost half our company before the real fighting began. Our new lieutenant stood with his mouth agape.
I said, “Sir, we have to move. We have targets to recon and destroy.”
The lieutenant was trying his comm. “I can't reach the captain. He's not responding.”
“Sir. We have our orders. The captain is gone.”
“But what of the wounded?”
“We're fighters, Lieutenant. You can send our medic, but the rest of us need to focus on the mission, sir. We have a two-kilometer jog to the Site-3 complex. We have to get moving, sir.”
The lieutenant stood frozen for several seconds more, before turning toward our target, leading us in a steady jog.
“Gunny, how is it you remain so calm?”
“I keep my shaking on the inside, sir. All of us do. Focus on what's ahead and not what has happened.”
Sheila cut in. “And it doesn't get any easier, sir. Every situation is different. We just have to adapt and keep trying to do the job they sent us to do. Unless you have plenty of spare time to review the mistakes we made, focus on the mission, don't look back.”
We jogged through uneven wooded terrain to Site-3. It was situated on a hill with steep sides. When we reached its base, we began our climb. The lieutenant stayed in the group's middle. Sergeants Roth and Getz led the way. I brought up the rear with Corporal Mayhew as we maintained a constant check of our backside.
Our first encounter with Togmal fighters was near the hilltop. Three warriors had taken a position beside an entryway. The impact explosions and whumps of plasma rounds firing told me the fight was on. Our platoons moved like a flood bursting from the trees. We eliminated the three fighters in only a few seconds. By the time I emerged from the trees behind them, the first platoon had gone through the door.
Mayhew said, “That seemed too easy.”
I opened a comm. “Roth. Getz. Hold up.”
I switched channels to command. “This is Jackson with Echo and Gamma platoons. We have reached the target and are entering the building. Resistance has so far been light.”
“This is Major Farthing. Where is Lieutenant Boggs?”
“Here with us, sir.”
“Why are you not in formation? Your company has reconfigured and is preparing to move forward.”
I rolled my eyes at the reply. “Sorry, sir, but we are already at the target. Should we proceed further or wait for Captain Gallatin?”
“I'm afraid we lost the captain at the landing. Lieutenant Gable is in charge on the ground now. I'll let the lieutenant know to hold position until you can rejoin.”
I stood in disbelief for several seconds. “We are already inside, sir. The north entrance is open.”
The major returned an angered reply. “This is chaos. Sergeant Jackson. Put the lieutenant on the horn.”
“Sir, Lieutenant Boggs here. We have taken the north entrance and are awaiting further instruction.”
“Who told you to march ahead, Lieutenant?”
“The mission orders, sir. We are to take this facility, determine its use, and then destroy it. We are in the door, Major. Should we hold for the others or push forward?”
Hayden and Sheila came up beside us. “What's the holdup?”
I shook my head. “The other units are still forming up at the landing site.”
Sheila scowled. “What? We hit the dirt twenty minutes ago. Why aren’t they moving?”
“Confusion. Inexperience.” I turned to the lieutenant. “Sir, we can't go back. We do that and we lose what we've gained. Convince the major we must move forward. The other platoons should be on the way. The door is open.”
Boggs took control. “Major Farthing, we have secured the north entrance. Lieutenant Gable should advance with the rest of the company to this site, sir. We will hold this position until their arrival.”
After several minutes of arguing, the major relented. Lieutenant Gable and the rest of the outfit would be told to head our way. The comms closed.
I asked, “When was your last training mission, Lieutenant?”
“Three years ago. We stormed a simulated warehouse. We took it.”
“No live training, sir?”
“Not since boot camp, Gunny. Which is why I'm listening to your expertise. You may not have been in the Marines for as long as I have, but you are one of the few who have seen repeated action.”
It was the first time I felt as though we might have already lost the war with the Togmal. Our leadership was incompetent. Our equipment was in disrepair, so cheaply made it often wouldn't function. Politicians were making the tactical decisions. I feared for all humanity.
Sheila snapped me out of my funk. “Gunny, we should at least secure this entryway.”
I nodded. “Make it so, Sergeant.”
Sheila hurried away. Her voice echoed through the halls as she yelled at one of her squads.
Hayden chuckled. “She loves giving orders.”
The other platoons arrived forty minutes later. Once inside, we fanned out, taking the entire complex. We caught hundreds of unarmed Togmal workers as they fled to a southern exit. It didn't take long for us to discover the site's purpose. It was a parts factory. The parts were for ship construction and repair. At another site on Exeter, the buildings were being used to manufacture plasma rifles. And at still another... gunships.
The entire operation was over in only a day, in spite of the initial resistance we encountered with the gunship. The colony had been poorly guarded. We gathered the data and destroyed the buildings. A transport landed and the Togmal captives were shipped off for interrogation. The Exeter Colony was back under our control.

Chapter   26
_______________________

Upon return to our base, I received a comm from Thomas. He was interested in how I was doing and in how the war was being prosecuted. I gave my honest opinion.
“It's just all wrong, TC. The equipment fails when you need to use it, or doesn't work at all. Our commanders are more politicians than warriors. The Togmal are going to roll over us if they come in with an equal size force. I don't see us having a winning strategy. We could though. But everything so far is a reaction.”
“I've been discussing the same with my father. He says politicians are running the show and those with military minds are being pushed aside in bids for power. All of these politicians are so eager for campaign donations that open-ended, generous contracts are being laid at our feet. The Aarlis Corporation will make its biggest profits ever in the coming quarter.”
“Any more incidents at the mines?”
Thomas smiled. “Everything there is working as it should be. We've reopened Shaft One and the ores are practically pouring out. Your recommended repairs to the shaft structures have been sound. Thank you again for finding those issues.
“You would be happy to know that morale is at its highest level ever. My father took a step back and gave me the authority to make decisions on my own. I've empowered my employees to have a voice in how things are done, and the response has been an across-the-board increase in productivity. Many of those common sense practices we learned in our business classes are now in use.
“I've been pushing to have my father adopt the same, but he is stubborn and continues to manage with a heavy hand. He insists his actions are all part of a larger plan, but I have yet to see what that might be.” Thomas leaned into the camera. “And know we are working to remedy the military leadership deficiency, Ray.”
“How so?”
“My father has a contract to evaluate leadership quality. Our military may be in for some drastic shakeups when that report comes out.”
“He'll be recommending who gets kicked and who gets promoted?” I asked with a bit of skepticism.
“He will. And don't worry, after this last raid, you should be getting an order to attend OCS.”
“What? I have no desire to be an officer.”
“You are a born leader, Ray. Your stellar battle record only confirms that.”
“Battle record? I've only been in for just under two years. I've barely stayed alive.”
Thomas waved a finger. “No. No. I've been keeping tabs. You are making decisions that keep yourself and your team members alive while accomplishing your mission.”
“You call losing an entire town at Richland an accomplishment?”
“I read the reports, Ray. You did as much as they could expect from any commander, even though you were not the commander.”
“The four thousand colonists there died, TC. Only four of our entire company made it out. I'd hardly call that a win.”
“Again, given the circumstances, you did the best possible.”
I sat back in the chair I was occupying. “You want to help with the war effort? How about seeing to it our equipment is top-notch and make sure it works. For instance, out of any crate of power cells for our rifles, a dozen of those cells will be defective. We can't have defective. Defective means dead.”
Thomas nodded as his face showed concern. “I hadn't realized that.”
I growled. “And most of that bad equipment has your father's name stamped on it.”
“I will take the issue up with him directly. We're trying to do our part, Ray. The politicians are making those efforts difficult. As with most things, our hands are contractually tied. Allowed deviations from those contracts are rare.
“Before you say we should write better contracts, keep in mind those terms were negotiated after a long period of peace. Instead of a focus on quality, there are employment quotas, environmental concerns, local taxes, and a plethora of other hindrances that prevent us from producing the best product. If you took the politics out, production and quality would soar.”
“Whatever the issue, the system is broken. The Union is not ready to fight this war, TC. People are dying needlessly. It's almost like sending a headless dog out to hunt down a fleeing criminal. It can't see, hear, or smell. What chance is there of success?”
“An interesting analogy seeing as how canines are no longer used for tracking.”
“They are, just not often. Regardless, we're losing this war, TC. And I have the distinct feeling things are about to get worse.”
“More recruits are entering the service. More ships will come online. But I agree. We're in danger. At least in the near term. Change comes slow to an elected government, Ray. But according to my father, change is coming.”
Another two months passed. We waited for command to put an assault force together for a raid on Richland. Our recon reports showed the Togmal were building structures there too. If we allowed them to get a solid foothold in our territories, it would make our efforts all the more difficult.
During the wait, I had several more discussions with Thomas about the state of affairs. It gave me an outlet for some of my rage. While I still held him somewhat responsible for the death of my wife and daughter, he was becoming useful for supplies. Our regiment became one of the best supplied outfits in the entire Marine force. For that I was thankful.
When command gave the order to prepare for Richland, our company boarded a transport with two hundred of the skink missiles in supply. Supporting us would be the largest human assault fleet ever assembled in one place. Over ninety warships and one hundred ten support vessels, including transports, sat in the heavens above Haven, waiting for the order to move.
The ride to Richland took six days. Our support fleet sat at a safe distance, awaiting word of a breakthrough by our warships. That breakthrough never materialized. Instead we got word of a horrific loss. Thirty-two of our finest fighting ships would never come home. Another thirty-six had taken massive damage.
With no fleet support at Richland, command ordered our transport to return to the base on Haven. We had just stepped off the ramp onto the ground when we got news of Merchain. A fierce fight for dominance of that colony was taking place. Command ordered us back aboard for immediate deployment. An hour later, we were beginning the four-day trip.
Upon arrival at Merchain, the Togmal attackers had fled, but not before inflicting damage. One of the two ore-processing facilities being run by Estelle Goodall was in ruins. Thousands of workers were dead. The nearby City of Panthea still had hundreds of fires burning. It was another epic blow to our egos and to our military. The news-feeds were chastising our military command and the politicians who commanded them.
As a personal favor, Thomas sent me on a mission to check on his sister, Estelle. She was alive, but had given him and their father little to no other information. Or at least if she had shared with Aarlis he had not passed the information along to Thomas.
I was met at her offices by a pair of armed guards.
One opened a comm after hearing my request. “Ms. Goodall. We have a man here who says he was sent by your brother. A Gunnery Sergeant Ray Jackson?”
Estelle sighed. “Send him up.”
The guard walked to an elevator and allowed a camera to do a scan. The elevator opened. The guard gestured for me to step inside. He gave the command for the eighth floor, and the door closed. The elevator surged, reaching the level in only seconds.
When the door opened, Estelle was standing with her hands on her hips and a guard by either side. “What do you want, Ray?”
“Thomas wanted me to check on you.”
“Thomas needs to mind his own business. I do not work for Thomas.”
“Sounded to me like he was concerned because he hadn't heard anything other than you were alive.”
“Concerned? No. He's snooping. Thomas is a gamer. He's always looking to gain that slight advantage.”
“Are the two of you in competition somehow?”
Estelle returned a glare. “Uh, we're both hoping to one day run this organization. Instead of snooping on me he needs to be concerned with Echelon. Our father will choose his successor based on our successes. I plan for that to be me.”
“How are your operations here? You lose any people?”
Estelle crossed her arms. “I'm not answering any questions here, Ray. I've given a full report to my father. If Thomas is so concerned, he can request the report from him.”
I returned an easy nod. “Sorry to intrude. I'll relay that information. Anything else you would like to pass along to him?”
“Has he told you about his operations at Echelon?”
“We've spoken.”
“And?”
“He seems to be happy with the results. As far as specifics there's not much I can tell you. Doesn't his ore come through here?”
“It does but I don't know how profitable he is. How many employees does he have?”
“I couldn't say. I'm not there anymore. Look, I know we've had our disagreements in the past but I'm hoping we can move beyond those. I don't want to be your enemy, Estelle. And you don't have to keep sending my regiment to the front of each battle. I'm already willing to go.”
Her face turned red with anger. “Me sending you? Uh, no. That would be Thomas. I don't want you dead. I did want you, Ray, but all that has passed. You blew it. When you see Thomas you can ask him about your assignments. He'll deny it of course. He's the user here, Ray. Not me. Now get out of my office. You've wasted enough of my time.”
The guards were quick to escort me back into the elevator with a shove. I turned with a defiant move which drew a flinch and a scowl. I let out a smirk as the door closed.
Our regiment had orders to remain on Merchain for another six months while the main fleet reorganized. I wasn't concerned with having to see Estelle again during that time. I made my way back to our barracks. Hayden and Sheila were waiting with questions.
Sheila broke first. “So? Did you draw sparks or a plasma round?”
“Definitely not sparks. She was not happy to see me, mainly because she believes TC was using me to snoop.”
“Was he?”
I nodded. “Given her response I would have to say yes. I think their father has them pitted against each other as a way to get the most out of them. Neither one is telling the other about how their operations are running. And she did tell me something of interest. She believes TC is the one forcing our regiment into these front-line battles.”
Hayden asked, “And you think that's true?”
“I don't know what to think about either of them. I think they're both manipulators. So is their father. They both learned from the best. Some of the things TC has done and the excuses he's used don't add up. Same with Estelle. The one good thing I can say is I think neither trusts me because of the other, so I'm hoping they both just leave me alone.”
The deployment on Merchain went by without incident. As I expected, I heard nothing more from Estelle. A visit from Thomas was short-lived when he heard I had nothing new to tell him. He attempted to leave several of his employees behind as spies, but they were quickly found out, captured, and immediately deported. I was actually relieved when our new assignment came in. I would be moving away from family politics and would once again have the opportunity to kill Togmal.

Chapter   27
_______________________

Our next mission took us to Richland. Our fleet was successful in the heavens. We made landfall. As fate would have it, the Togmal had built a structure atop the remains of Bigguns.
Command ordered us to recon the Togmal complex. This time, however, we would not be destroying it. We were ordered to hold it secure. Initial estimates placed close to a million Togmal fighters on the planet. Our sixteen hundred Marines would go up against an estimated five thousand warriors at the Bigguns complex alone. We had few details about the Togmal’s defenses. Our transport landed four kilometers from the target site.
Hayden walked down the ramp beside me. “Can't say I'm happy about coming back to this sweat-hole.”
Art was walking behind us. “Everyone I knew in the Marines died here. Feels surreal; coming back to this spot.”
Sheila said, “We all lost a lot of friends here. Which will make taking it back all the sweeter. Hey Gunny? We have any more info on their defenses?”
“Giving it a once-over now. All we have is video footage from our gunships. From the looks of it, they churned up any external fortifications, so whatever it is we'll be dealing with will come from inside that complex.”
Our lieutenant, Benjamin Hogg, was talking with several of our captains. I made my way close, standing with a handful of other gunnery sergeants, listening in on their conversations.
One of the captains said, “The major wants a full-on frontal assault.”
Another captain replied, “That would be suicide.”
“Not necessarily. The external defenses are down. When we attack, there will be three exits they will be forced to come from. That's a huge bottleneck on their end.”
Another captain scowled. “Bottleneck? That bottleneck goes both ways. If we want to take that building from outside, there are three entrances we will have to go through.”
Two majors walked up with a lieutenant colonel.
The colonel spoke first as he pointed. “Companies Alpha through Delta will come in along this west ridge. Echo through Hotel along the base of the east. India company will have the west hill and Juliett Company the east hill. We expect another gunship raid from our fleet in the minutes before we reach that structure. That should throw their defense into chaos. We'll be taking advantage of that chaos.”
Lieutenant Hogg glanced my way. “What do you think, Gunny?”
“I'm thinking disaster. We could make better use of the hills on either side. They offer cover in the form of rocks, trees, and terrain. If we come up through those flat expanses, we are wide open for abuse. And we'll potentially be facing a force of five thousand—I agree with the other captain. Suicide.”
Hogg turned away. “Just a moment.”
Hayden said, “Sounds like another day in the meat-grinder.”
Sheila nodded. “We should push for one of the hill slots.”
Hogg returned seconds later. “I've secured the east hill for Company Bravo. That's where you did your fighting when last here, right?”
Sheila smiled. “Great minds. And yes, sir, we fought on the east hill.”
“Good. I want you three with me during the Company briefing. Major Thacker showed interest in following us in.”
Sheila pulled back her head. “Following us, sir? You mean leading us?”
“No, Sergeant. I mean following. He will pull a platoon from Charlie Company to go with him. They will observe and coordinate with the colonel and the captains.”
“And where will they be—command that is?”
“There's a rise about three-quarters of a kilometer down that field coming this way. They'll be working their command from there.”
“Huh. Must be nice just to sit back and watch.”
The lieutenant gave a concerned look. “I'll forget you made that comment, Sergeant. You'd do well not to make such in the future. The regimental commander, Colonel Ditton, has been cracking down on insubordination.”
Sheila was silent for several seconds. “Thank you, sir. I'll refrain from any public discussions on such.”
While near the transport, each lieutenant had access to an electronic tablet. The tablet allowed the distribution and viewing of orders, in addition to providing area maps.
Lieutenant Hogg offered the tablet. “Gunny, I have surface maps if you're interested in assisting with a strategy.”
I held up a hand. “No need, Lieutenant. I have the terrain layout etched into my memory. In my mind, I've re-fought our battles up there a hundred times.”
Sheila nodded. “You and me both.”
As we prepped for the assault, deep down I was angry. There were four individuals who knew the area. Other than our lieutenant, none of our commanders attempted to ask us about what we knew or what to expect. It was just another indicator of the unqualified leadership who directed us.
Supply issued our company a dozen skink missiles. My platoons received three. We were next ordered into formations where the lieutenant colonel gave a short speech, emphasizing the importance of our victory. I had heard a more encouraging selection of words from every product sales pitch on the news feeds. We were going to war, good luck to us all—was an accurate summation.
As our company of one hundred forty-eight began a short jog to the east, Arthur Mayhew ran alongside me, shaking his head. “That was about the worst pep-talk I've ever heard.”
“I doubt they make it within a hundred meters of those entryways,” I replied. “This whole effort just seems wrong in every way. What do we need that building for? Use the gunships and level the place. Wouldn't risk a single Marine. Instead, we're going up against a force at least three times our size.”
Just before reaching the rise that took us up the east hill, our gunships popped over the horizon. They caught hundreds of Togmal outside, scrambling to rebuild their defenses from the prior attack. The gunships delivered a barrage of blue streaks and orange flashes that sent clouds of dirt and debris into the air. We hurried forward.
As we reached the high ground, I could see over my shoulder the first eight companies were charging across the open field. Down at the base of the structure, hundreds of Togmal warriors scurried about. The place looked like a disturbed anthill. Seconds later, the exchange of plasma fire began.
The progress of our units in the flats came to a virtual stop.
Up ahead of us were several dozen Togmal warriors attempting to recover from the gunship's wrath. We were lucky. Their attention was on their injured, allowing us to take the first shots. We reduced thirty-plus fighters to twenty and then ten. The top of the east hill was ours before they could muster a respectable defense.
The Togmal had built the massive structure up next to the hill on each side of the former town. There was a causeway and a fourth-story entrance that had taken a direct hit from the gunship. Workers scrambled, removing the injured and clearing debris. Their attempt to defend the entrance failed before they could put it in place.
As the forward platoons took firing positions, I commanded our two to go past. I raced through the entryway with Hayden, Sheila, and Art at my side, our weapons spewing mayhem and death. We reached a cross-hall before taking a defensive stance of our own.
I glanced back to see the other platoons had not followed us in. “Lieutenant?” I shouted back to him, “What are you doing?”
“Order just came in, Gunny. We are to hold.”
“Hold? For what?”
“For the other companies to reach the lower entries. The Togmal have them bogged down in the field at the moment.”
“This is our opportunity to assist, Lieutenant. We hit this floor and work our way down. At worst, we'll be drawing the Togmal's attention away from that field.”
“We have our orders, Gunny. Pull back.”
“I pull back and we lose this entryway. We're in a strong position here, sir. If we give it up and we lose that advantage, we'll lose Marines taking it a second time.”
“Give me a moment to consult with command.”
Hayden growled. “We should ram plasma down their throats, Gunny.”
Art agreed. “Nothing like pulling back when you're winning.”
The lieutenant returned from his consult. “The colonel says to hold your position and for us to remain here. If things change, I'll let you know.”
“Thank you, sir.” It was not the response I was hoping to hear. We had penetration and command was too weak to take advantage.
Sheila huffed. “So we just sit here?”
“We have our orders.”
Art said, “Let's hope they attack then.”
Sheila asked, “Why?”
Art grinned. “When in a firefight, we have control. We make the decisions and we make our own moves. If command comes in and overrides our decisions, fine, but we have the first right to defend ourselves.”
Hayden nodded. “Are we talking defending ourselves all the way down to the first floor? If so, I like it.”
I shook my head. “Let's be clear about this. We aren't starting a conflict just so that scenario applies. And you might want to think twice about us charging ahead with no backup. We are two platoons. The others won't be coming.”
I continuously checked the data on my comm display. The companies out in the field were not making progress. Juliett Company, on the west hill, was stopped outside that entry, trading the occasional plasma round with the Togmal. I was certain the Togmal were reinforcing that entryway as we waited. I was also sure the hallways before us were filling up with fighters. The entire assault was turning out to be a farce.
Two of our platoon members came forward. “Gunny, we have power cells that are failing.”
“What?”
“Four now. We swapped out spares. Thought you should know.”
“Have everyone put their cells through test mode. Do it now.”
I held up my hand to Hayden, Sheila, and Art. “Not you three. Hold until everyone is done.”
Seconds later, plasma fire erupted in the hall in front of us. I fired off two rounds before taking a step back. Sheila came up to do the same. Her rifle fizzled, its power switched off.
Sheila scowled. “Was working two minutes ago. What the crap?”
Art took a step up, firing off several rounds. “I'm okay.”
Hayden followed with the same. “Good, here.”
The corporal who had given the initial information came forward. “Gunny, we had six more failures. We've consumed our eight spares.”
“Eight spares? What happened to my request for thirty?”
“Supply only gave us eight, Gunny. Only found out just now.”
“Corporal, always, always check supply. If we are being shorted, we need to know so we can do something about it before we are in a battle.”
“Yes, Gunny. Won't happen again.”
Sheila asked, “So what am I supposed to do?”
I turned to the corporal. “You been in combat before, Corporal?”
“No, Gunny. First time out.”
“Swap out your power cell with her. Anyone who still has a bad cell, send them out to see the lieutenant.”
I opened a comm. “Lieutenant. We have a problem. Plasma cells are failing and supply shorted us spares. I would suggest you have the rest of the company run the test mode on their rifles. Make any swaps necessary. And send any unarmed Marines back to the transport for new supplies. We've had more than a dozen cells just failed.”
“Thank you, Gunny. Will do.”
I gave a hand wave to the corporal. He hustled away.

Chapter   28
_______________________

Sheila slapped the new power cell into her rifle. The lights came on. “Now we're talking.”
For the next several minutes, the Togmal tested our defense. Then the push came. The halls facing either direction flooded with warriors. We fired our weapons around the corners continuously for most of three minutes as blue streaks passed by our location.
The Togmal warriors released grunts and screeches as they came. Those sounds soon gave way to cries of pain and terror as our blind-fired rounds found their marks. The first surge by our enemy was unsuccessful.
Art stuck his head out for only an instant, getting the status of the south facing hall. “Piles of bodies out there. Two Togmal are out dragging them back.”
Sheila did the same for the north hall. “Same situation this way. They're dragging bodies away.”
I nodded. “Another assault is coming.”
Hayden grinned. “Then we'll pile them up again.”
I took a moment in thought. “Corporal Mayhew. We're gonna make your move.”
“An assault?”
“Let's call it defending all the way down as Sergeant Roth put it.”
I opened a comm to our other platoon. “We drove back their assault. If another comes, we'll be pushing forward as a defense. Prepare to move. You will come across injured Togmal as we go. I want them silenced. Permanently. Some of you have been eager to use your knife on a Togmal. This will be your chance. But don't let it be a distraction. This building is full of Togmal who want us dead. Don't give them the opportunity.”
I commed the lieutenant. “Sir. The Togmal are pushing. We just turned back an attack. More will be coming.”
“We performed a check, Gunny. One in ten power cells show as defective. I've sent back an entire platoon for resupply and I've notified command of the issue. Also, I just received an update about the other companies. Losses are well above expectations and progress has come to a halt. The colonel is trying to bring in another gunship strike.”
“Make certain they note your position, Lieutenant. We own the east hill. Any hits there will kill our people. And don't assume command will automatically refrain from striking the east ridge. Make certain they know to pass that intel to the gunships if they come.”
Sheila said, “Gunny, looks like round two is about to get underway.”
The Togmal fighters stormed out from both directions. Our plasma rounds wreaked havoc, stopping the assault almost before it had begun.
When the attackers turned back, I gave the command. “Go. Go. Go.”
Two platoons of Marines, minus the squad I had left to protect the corner, raced down the northern hall. A pair of Togmal soldiers, sent out to clear bodies, exploded, sending guts and blood flying backward. As we reached the corner and turned, the Togmal were in disarray, still recovering from their failed assault.
Screams rang out. Plasma flew. More bodies exploded. It was clear these were not the same level of troops we had encountered before. For a moment, I had the thought the number of Togmal we faced, close to five thousand, was a meaningless value. These were rear guard. And their leadership, much like our own, was abysmal. We sliced through the retreating group, almost as if it wasn't there. Hayden was working his knife with Sheila and Art close behind.
We reached a stairwell going down. I pressed a half-squad into service watching our backs and securing our way out should it be needed.
A comm came from the lieutenant as we hustled down a set of stairs. “Gunny, command is contemplating a retreat. Unless they make progress in the next ten minutes out in that field, expect the order to pull back.”
I gave a quick reply, “In a firefight, sir, will comm you back when it's over.”
“Understood.”
I stationed another half-squad at the stairwell opening to the third and then the second floor. The whumps from plasma rifles firing echoed down the stairs as we reached the first floor. There was no attempt by troops to attack from above. I called my stationed squads to join us.
We turned the corner into the lowest hall, running right into the middle of a company of Togmal. They were far from prepared for the attack. Screams of panic were followed by moans of pain and cries of terror. Our combat knives were getting a workout like never before.
We plowed our way through the crowd, turning a corner into the hallway that led to the central exit onto the field. Seconds later, our full platoon of Union Marines broke into the light of day, again catching the Togmal fighters by surprise.
We crashed into their ranks as they hid behind a berm. Without thought, hundreds charged over the mound of dirt and into the open, attempting to avoid our wrath. Our sharpshooters out in the field cut them down. As we hacked, slashed, and fired our plasma rounds, the whole of the Togmal defense collapsed. I felt as though we were fighting a herd of cattle who were unable to fight back. It was a slaughter.
A comm came in from the lieutenant. “Gunny. Prepare to pull back. Something is happening down in the field. The Togmal may be preparing for an assault.”
I fired off several rounds from my rifle before giving a reply. “We're down at the main entrance, sir. I would suggest you engage, or you may miss the fight.”
A sensible order finally came from command. “Advance from all positions.”
The field out in front of us became unsettled. Eight companies of Marines charged forward. I ordered my people back inside. Our squad at the end of the hall was in a firefight but were holding their own. I glanced over my shoulder to see our regiment closing fast.
As the rest of our company, led by the lieutenant, charged into the fourth floor, eastern entrance, the feeble Togmal defense folded. They called a full retreat. Togmal soldiers streamed out of the south exits.
The gunships the colonel had ordered showed at just the right moment. A second slaughter of the Togmal rear guard took place. An hour later, the structure was under our control. The last of the surrendering fighters were shoved out into the field for holding.
The assault on the Togmal structure was a resounding success. Cheers rang out as we celebrated a hard-fought win. Our transports landed beside the captured building and we were soon on our way back to base.
The colonel earned a promotion as did our lieutenant and most of the field command associated with the assault. Reports were fudged and glossed over, to make those in charge seem like heroes. In the final details, my platoons’ efforts went unmentioned.
Elsewhere, the attacks at Richland had also proven successful, although at a much higher cost of lives. The reports of just how many were dead were reworked and manipulated to place the victory in the best light. I would not complain. The people needed a win. We had retaken a colony we had lost. It felt good to be human again.
Over the next four years we pushed the Togmal from each of our colonies. Our regiment was involved in fifteen of the seventeen major engagements of that period. Seven lieutenants commanding in our company earned their captain's bars. A promotion did not come my way. If one had, I would not have accepted it. I was killing Togmal and felt I was in the best position to keep doing so.
That changed after receiving a comm from Thomas. “Ray. First let me congratulate you on your regiment's success. The 7th is the talk of the elites back here in the Union.”
“Thanks. Does this comm have a purpose?”
Thomas was quiet for several seconds. “I suppose I still deserve some of that. And yes. It has a purpose. I'm pushing to make you an officer.”
“Why? I have no desire to be an officer. Most of them sit back and give direction from afar. I want things up close and personal.”
“Understood. I've been investigating and it seems this reluctance by the officers in the Marines to 'get involved' is recent. There was a time when company commanders were up front and leading. That was before politics crept into their ranks. Now that reluctance to engage has become the norm. I believe it to be a huge detriment not only to leadership, but to morale.”
“Now that we can agree on. But what does that have to do with me?”
“As you know, we have our own private force here at Echelon, providing the protection we need. I've read the reports from your efforts in the field, Ray. I'd like you to come back and lead our defense. We've had multiple attacks here on Echelon. Our force turned those attempts back. But each raid is growing more powerful. I'm not happy with recent results.”
“Why would you want me? I've done nothing special. Haven't you read the reports?”
“I have. I then made certain I had access to the actual field reports. Each of your direct commanders gave credit to your platoons for almost every victory your regiment has fought in. You are a hero, Ray. At least your COs believe it to be the case.”
I smirked. “I'm surprised we pulled out victories on most of those ventures. I would chalk those wins up to the Togmal seeming just as inept as we are. Our equipment fails, constantly. Our leadership is indecisive and overwhelmed. And no one up and down the chain of command seems to care about our troops. We are just fodder sent into battle hoping to scrape out a victory.”
“You seem jaded with the Union, Ray.”
“Seeing what I've seen, good people dying because of useless mistakes, how could I not be. I can't be your defender, TC. I have another four years on my service contract. And the Union is auto-renewing all those contracts.”
“I can make it happen, Ray. I have connections. You could bring along as many other members of your company as you see fit.”
I hesitated in thought for several seconds. “What is it you aren't telling me, TC? You wouldn't be making this offer, or spending your political energies on something like this, unless you had a strong motive. I know you too well. What is it?”
Thomas Goodall clasped his hands in front of his chest, wringing them together. “What I tell you is in the strictest of confidence, Ray. You can tell no one.”
I nodded. “I've got no one to tell. Out with it.”

Chapter   29
_______________________

Thomas leaned into his camera for emphasis. “Changes are coming in this war, Ray. Big changes. And those will not be changes for the better. Each of those colonies you fought so hard to recover, may soon be lost.”
“What are you saying?”
“I'm saying we are expecting a massive Togmal force to strike in the next few months. Come back to work for me here on Echelon. I can ensure you and your team will have the finest equipment and fighting ships. Ships that rival or surpass those of the Union fleet. I want protection for my colony, Ray. We need this ore to continue to flow. The Union building new ships depends on it.”
“I'm not a fleet officer, TC. I'm boots on the ground. If your private ships are as powerful as you say, what use would you have for someone like me? When would I ever see another Togmal? Furthermore, why would I abandon my fellow Marines when you say a major attack is coming?”
I felt my irritated mood was turning into anger. “Look. If you want to help the war effort, do something about our equipment. How many times do I have to say this? Our power cells fail. Our ships are breaking down. Even our boots. My current pair has had a latch snap on it three times now. We're being outfitted with crap. Can't you round up your corporations and do better?”
Thomas sighed. “I wish it were that easy, Ray. As I said before, we have contracts. It is the Union side of things that is broken. Much like our military leadership, the entire contract process is little more than political awards. Designs for new, better, more reliable power cells are sitting at the wait. But our politicians don't want change when that change means another politician will possibly receive benefit.
“The Union is corrupt, Ray. We're virtually fighting two wars. I've been in the fight for reform, along with my father, since all this began. We see the danger. We see the need. Yet our hands are tied by an outmoded system.
“In the meantime, as you say, our own people suffer for it. Defeat of the Togmal will only come through making the hard decisions that put us into a position of strength, not the hodge-podge mess the Union is today. Join us, Ray. Help us defeat this scourge on humanity.”
“Sorry, TC. I'll pass. I'm needed right here on the front lines. Your private military will have to come from somewhere else.”
“I'll only ask you once more. I believe this is a huge opportunity for you, Ray. An opportunity to be on the winning side. Between the corporations we have six of the colonies, like Echelon, that are private. We are putting together a defense force like the Union has never seen. I want you aboard, leading the Aarlis Corporation faction.”
I shook my head. “What of Estelle? Are you certain she's not gonna squash your effort?”
“Estelle has wised up, Ray. She's matured. She sees this war and how it's being conducted for what it is, a losing proposition. She has also read the unfiltered field reports about you, Ray. They impressed her. That's something difficult to do. Estelle is aboard with this move. Come back to team Aarlis.”
The display I was watching split in two. An image of Aarlis Goodall showed on the second half.
“Rayford. You've heard Thomas's pitch for you to join us. I'm here to second his motion. We want you, Rayford.”
The appearance of Aarlis Goodall was something I wasn't expecting. Not that I didn't value the standing of Thomas, but before me was one of the most powerful men in all the Union. He was personally asking for my leadership skills. My annoyance with Thomas faded. You just didn't say no to Aarlis Goodall. Nobody did.
“Sir. It has been a long time. But I don't think I'm the person you are looking for.”
“Nonsense. You have shown time and time again in the field you are a good decision maker. Come to work for us, Rayford. The Aarlis corporation needs your guidance for our defense. You will be a key player protecting a quarter of the wealth of the entire Union. And before you say there are better qualified candidates, I'll say you're wrong.”
I was quiet for several seconds as my mind raced. “Can I have time to consider this?”
Aarlis pursed his lips. “Hmm. I can give you three days, Rayford. As I'm certain Thomas told you, the Togmal are preparing to attack. We have to move forward with our efforts if we want success. I can assure you both the pay and benefits will be lucrative and the budget you will receive will be generous. You will also have full access to our labs, research center, designs, and anything else you deem necessary to keep our assets safe. What say you, Mr. Jackson?”
I tapped my fingers on the table in front of me. “Three days then, sir. I'll have a definite answer.”
“Fair enough. I look forward to your decision.”
The split screen flipped back to a single as the connection to Aarlis ended.
Thomas raised his hands. “Come on, Ray. That's the closest I've ever seen my father get to begging. He wants you aboard as much as I do. Make the right decision here, Ray. Come with us.”
I drew a small amount of satisfaction by closing the comm on Thomas. The offer was serious and was the best opportunity I would ever have for making myself wealthy. But wealth was not my driver. My drive was to kill as many Togmal as I could, for as long as I could. It didn't take me long to decide the position was not for me. I commed Thomas back an hour later and declined.
Hayden sat across from me. “What gives? You've had this intense look all afternoon.”
“Was just mulling over some personal options, that's all.”
“Sounds serious.”
I looked around at the other Marines who occupied the barracks with us. “You think we're winning this war?”
“Of late? Yes, I do. We have all our territories back and we're busier than ever working to fortify them. I heard two new battleships are being commissioned this week. That doubles the number of big ships we have out here. What's not to like about that?”
I wanted to blurt out the important intelligence detail I had just gotten from Thomas, but that had burned me before. Instead, I chose to be vague.
“I think these victories are short-term wins. The Togmal haven't been throwing their best at us.”
“You think we're being tested?”
“Possibly.”
Hayden chuckled. “Then we are passing. At least if kicking their asses is passing.”
Art came to stand beside us. “One of you looks happy and the other not so much.”
“Gunny is having a bad day.”
Art asked, “That wasn't command you were on the comm with earlier, was it?”
I shook my head. “Not command. Maybe someday I'll tell you about it. Just not today.”
Art nodded. “Sounds serious.”
“That's what I said,” Hayden smirked. “Great minds think alike, huh?” He held out a fist for a bump, then stood. “I'm gonna see what Sheila is up to. She disappeared about a half hour ago.”
Hayden strode off to search.
Art crossed his arms. “I have a knack for judging people's moods, and something tells me you are very unhappy. Spit it out, Gunny.”
I wasn't certain why I chose Art over Hayden at that moment. But I needed an ear to listen. For whatever reason, I felt more connected with Art. Maybe it was the stories about his kids. Or perhaps it was the way he refrained from jumping to conclusions. Whatever it was, I asked for his confidence and then spilled my guts.
He at first thought I was crazy for not accepting the position on the spot, but as we discussed it further, he understood, and felt the Marines was where I belonged also. They needed me. My presence would save lives. He wasn't very trusting of the corporations and their motives, which was one reason he had joined the Corps instead of the normal workforce. We talked about my decision for over an hour before an ecstatic Sheila came bounding toward us.
Art looked up with a smile. “You look awful happy about something.”
“I can tell the two of you, but you have to keep your mouths shut.”
Art curled the fingers of his right hand several times. “Out with it.”
Sheila sat down. “You're looking at the new Director of Defense for the Aarlis Corporation.”
Art looked my way with his eyebrows raised. “You took the offer?”
Sheila returned a confused look. “Wait. How did you know?”
Art grinned. “They offered it to Gunny a few hours ago.”
Sheila pulled back. “What? You turned it down? Are you nuts?”
“I'm needed here,” I replied. “I can't kill Togmal from a high-back, leather chair.”
Sheila leaned in. “You see. That's the whole thing. You don't have to. You can order others to kill them by the thousands.”
Hayden entered the other side of the barracks, throwing his hands in the air that he had finally found Sheila.
She looked back and then at each of us. “You're both coming with me, you know that, right?”
I shook my head. “I turned it down for a reason. But it thrills me to see they offered it to someone else who makes good decisions.”
Hayden sat with us. “Good decisions? Who? You aren't talking about this one are you?”
Art chuckled. “Careful what you say. She may be your new boss.”
“Boss? You got a promotion?”
Sheila grinned. “Of sorts.”
“I didn't know they gave out 'sort of' promotions. What are you saying?”
Art nodded toward her. “She's going private.”
“Private? Correct me if I'm wrong but going from a sergeant to a private is not even a 'sort of' promotion.”
“Private industry.”
Hayden held up his hands. “I must have missed a key part of this conversation. Can someone fill me in?”
Sheila placed her hand on his shoulder. It was a touch from the woman he had openly pursued, a woman who had done everything imaginable to dissuade him.
“They offered me a position in private industry, and I took it. You are looking at the new Director of Defense for the Aarlis Corporation.”
“What?”
Hayden's expression was one of extreme skepticism.

Chapter   30
_______________________

Art said, “It's true. She's going private. Aarlis himself asked her to.”
Sheila shook her head. “No. It wasn't Aarlis. It was Thomas. His son. And I said yes. A shuttle will be here in four days to pick me up.”
Hayden frowned. “What about your contract with the Corps?”
“This is the Aarlis Corporation, numskull. They do what they want. They will void that contract the moment the shuttle lands.”
“Why in the Union would they want you for that position?”
“Uh, hello. I've been on the winning team here. Nobody in the Corps has more battle testing than us. Gunny said it earlier, I'm a good decision maker when the heat is on.”
Hayden glanced at his shoulder and Sheila's hand. “You're still touching me. What's that about?”
“They told me I could bring anyone I wanted. All I have to do is give Thomas Goodall a comm with the names.”
Hayden tilted his head. “Me? Work for you?”
“That is the offer. And they told me I could set your pay and benefits. And give you whatever position I want.”
Hayden chuckled. “I've been looking to get a position under you for about five years now.”
After an eye-roll, Sheila straightened her posture to look more like an executive. “Yeah. Unfortunately, that banter will have to stop. We'll be moving to a professional environment. I expect we'll be spending time with CEOs, politicians, and other dignitaries. So, we have to go in with you understanding I'm the boss, knowing I also answer to others.”
“Do I have time to think?”
“You always have time to think, but you never do. So take an hour. Otherwise I'll be looking for another Assistant to the Director.”
Hayden crossed his arms with a grin. “Assistant to the Director. I like it. Okay. I'm in. Gunny? Corporal?”
I thought Hayden would be one to stay in the Corps. But his attitude had soured after losing Max. He was proud to be a Marine, and we needed more warriors like him, but this was an offer he felt he couldn't refuse.
Four days later, a shuttle landed and collected Sheila, Hayden, and sixteen other members of my platoons. They were all good fighters. It saddened me to see them go. But at the same time, I was glad they had the opportunity. With my units gutted, command sent new recruits.
Privates John Ballard and Deana Bowman were among them. John was one of those gregarious people who was always in the center of whatever was going on. He was easy to like and although he asked a lot of questions, he always followed orders. Deana was quiet and reserved but determined. She integrated into our squads as if meant to be there. They promoted Benjamin Houser, one of my corporals, to staff sergeant. My other sergeant was a transfer, Peter LaFleur, bringing with him Private Tam Mickleson. The remaining replacements were also transfers.
The year that followed was without event. I was beginning to think Thomas's notion of a coming major attack was only a ploy to get me back. I wondered if I had made a mistake by refusing him.
Sheila had commed several times to let me know what I was missing. They gave her and her team the best of everything. Out on Echelon, three orbital battle stations now provided extra defense, along with nineteen fast frigates, each rumored to be more powerful than a full cruiser.
Sheila had seen to it they drilled crews on a daily basis. There would be no slackers under her command. She forbade politicking of any kind. Similar forces were busy providing defenses for the other members of the Corporate Defense Pact. My requests to Sheila for some of the weapons they had available fell on deaf ears. The consortium of corporations would not allow sharing resources of any kind.
I had just finished a long conversation with her. She was nervous. She hinted at disaster but provided no details. I thought about what Thomas had told me during the interview a year before. I prayed that he was wrong. The Corps was as corrupt and chaotic as it had been when I first joined. I soon found my prayers unanswered.
Our new lieutenant, Jane Dako, two weeks fresh to our platoons, hurried into the barracks we inhabited on the military colony planet of Richland. We manned a fortress named Horvil. It had earned the nickname “Horrorville” because of the constant repairs required to keep its systems operational.
The lieutenant stood with a grin as she took heavy breaths after an apparent run. “Everyone over here. I have good news. We have spotted a Togmal fleet. I don't yet have details, but it looks like we might finally get some action.”
I was not expecting that reaction from the lieutenant. In only a few sentences she had revealed what her driving goal was... promotion. Field promotions weren't had during peace. She had no idea what real war entailed. I took in and let out a deep breath at the thought of how many of our Marines she would get killed.
As the din of speculation and excitement grew, I made my way outside into the hot Richland sun. I needed air.
Art was out just behind me. “You'd think they all just won a vacation or something.”
“It's been eighteen months since we've been in a real fight. Half our people have yet to see what war is about. The other half are eager for it. We did well the last few years of fighting, but our equipment is now as junky as ever. And some of these recruits lack hard training. I have to believe the bases back home have reverted to a more relaxed regimen since we began winning.”
“I get the feeling that will change. Lieutenant Dako seems giddy. She doesn't understand what she's in for.” Art placed his hand on my shoulder. “Tell you what, you and I make a promise here and now to keep each other alive. How's that sound?”
I chuckled. “Sounds like I just won a vacation.”
The first fight came three weeks later at Merchain. The civilian population was evacuated, forced to leave after the repeated earlier attacks. Only those working for the Aarlis Ore Processing Corporation remained. The colony itself was sold to Aarlis Goodall and the defense of it privatized. Sheila Getz had seen to it the defense was top-notch. The small Togmal fleet that attacked was swiftly turned back.
Word of the decisive victory trickled down over the news feeds, making the commanders above us all the more eager for a fight. A week later it came to Richland.
Comms chimed and alarms blared. The twenty-six warships parked in high orbit were sprinting out to meet a Togmal fleet of sixty-five. Command had confidence in victory as forty-seven of the Togmal ships were transports. Ground command had thirty-two gunships in the air within minutes, although four had to return to base due to malfunctions. Another eighteen never made it off the ground, unable to fly due to being under repair.
They stationed us at the military base built at the site of the former city of Desmondy. Most of the prior fifty thousand inhabitants had perished during the Togmal attack on Richland, five years earlier. The few thousand who escaped had found passage before the raid occurred.
The city, now a base, housed five thousand Marines and fifteen thousand soldiers, along with close to two thousand civilian support personnel. Our initial orders were to protect the civilians until we could enact an evacuation. As I expected, no transports for an evacuation were coming.
Art stood beside me on a wall as we scanned the sky for the invaders. “This is like our first time at defense since we first met.”
The memories of that raid flooded back. “That first meet wasn't the best of outcomes, if I remember.”
“No. I suppose it wasn't. You nervous?”
I smiled. “I'd be lying if I said I wasn't. We have the same equipment failures as before. And much worse, the same leadership.”
Art chuckled. “If only I had a credit for every time I've heard you say that.”
“That would only make you a rich man who was about to get slammed by a Togmal assault, instead of a poor one.”
“True. But one day I will retire and when that happens, I'll take rich over poor.”
“What are your boys, like ten and twelve now?”
“Ten and thirteen. Both want to be Marines like their daddy. Makes a man proud, but at the same time, I haven't been there to guide them on how to think and act. I see some of these other clowns they send us, and it makes me worry my kids might come in just as dumb.”
“War will slap that dumb right out of them by the end of the first day... if the Togmal make it to the ground.”
Art looked around. “You know, we need to add a third and fourth wheel to this cart. I miss Sheila and Hayden. They were fun.”
“Great fighters too. With the three of you I felt like I could go in anywhere and take on anyone.”
“Maybe a few of these greenies will step up and surprise us today.”
The lieutenant came up behind us. “So, what are you thinking, Gunny? We have a solid fort and a sizable force. Gunships are buzzing over our heads. You think we'll see action?”
“Let's hope not.”
The lieutenant stared for several seconds. “You've got as much experience at this as anyone in this Corps. Do you not have confidence in us?”
“This is war, Lieutenant. People will die if those Togmal ships make it to the ground.”
The lieutenant smirked. “We all die eventually, Gunny. What's the big deal. Wouldn't have thought that would be something you feared.”
“Fighting is not that simple and clean, Lieutenant. Until you've had Togmal firing their blasters your way, and your best friend is lying beside you, in severe pain and bleeding out because his arm has been blown off... and his guts are exposed, death doesn't really hit home. That's when you realize you'd rather be dead than like your friend, who's not dead yet. And that's when you realize you'll do everything in your power to not only save yourself and your friend, but every Marine in this outfit... and every other outfit.”
“We'll see. Carry on, Gunny.” The lieutenant walked further down the wall.
Art shook his head. “She's not gonna last the day.”
“Let's hope she does. It would be such a shock that tomorrow she might come out fighting instead of walking around with a puffed-out chest.”
Art chuckled. “My wife has a puffed-out chest. I miss it.”
The sky was suddenly black with Togmal troop transports. The bottoms of those transports splintered into what I had to guess were fifty gunships. Our fleet of twenty-eight raced up to meet them.

Chapter   31
_______________________

The fight in the sky was over in minutes. Neither side could claim victory. The forty-seven transports seen coming in with the Togmal fleet were approaching the ground. One hundred four skink missiles were all fired at once.
Five shot from their tubes only to fizzle and fall to the ground around us. Another sixteen spiraled up and away, not coming close to a target. Sixty-two were shot from the sky, while twenty-one found their targets. The external damage was heavy, but only two ships of the transport fleet crashed to the ground.
Art was shaking his head. “Those are bigger than we saw before. If I was to guess, they each carry a thousand troops.”
I took in a deep breath, counting the numbers in my head. “Two-to-one odds. We've faced worse.”
“Let's hope these are the same low-quality soldiers we fought the last few years.”
Just as the Togmal ships reached the ground, gun ports opened on their sides with plasma bolts streaming out. Our plasma cannon towers, situated every fifty meters along our fortress wall, were ripped to shreds. Coming from behind us, three of the four gunships that had returned to base as the raid began flew overhead.
Our gunships silenced the Togmal cannons, but only seconds before being shot from the sky. The next scene looked as though the flood gates on a dam were opened. Togmal soldiers poured out onto the ground in wave after wave. Some in vehicles.
Sections of wall opened on our fortress. Forty-six Army tanks shook the ground as they zipped out, hovering only a meter off the dirt. The Togmal countered with handheld missiles, taking out half the tanks with the first salvo. Forty thousand Togmal warriors sprinted in our direction. The field in front of us was quickly turned blue and orange from plasma fire.
Seconds later, the Togmal revealed a new strategy. A thousand smoke canisters bounced off our walls, dropping to the ground and raising a cloud that our sensors would not penetrate. The Togmal continued to fire their weapons, having an accuracy we were not expecting.
I fired several blind rounds into the smoke before ducking for a word with Art. “They'll be hitting this wall hard in a few minutes. Pass the word we have to take out any fighters who come through that smoke. They'll be carrying explosives.”
Art got on the comm to our platoons.
I opened a comm to Lieutenant Dako. “Ma'am. They'll be hitting our walls with everything they have in maybe two minutes. With the smoke, we are likely to see explosives carried in. You should instruct your platoons to watch for that type assault and then pass that thought up to command.”
“These walls will hold, Gunny. They were designed to handle conflict.”
“They were designed during a time when there were no wars, Lieutenant. The contracts to build them probably went to the lowest bidder. If you think they will stand up to anything the Togmal have, you have far more confidence in them than I do.”
“Just keep the pressure up on that field, Gunny. We've got this.”
I turned back to Art. “Pass the word. If they breach the walls, fall back to the barracks. We'll defend from there.”
Art nodded as he turned away. “Got it.”
It was an order not coming from the lieutenant, but at that point I didn't care. I would not see my people die because of the inexperience of new leadership.
As I expected, the Togmal had runners with explosives. They came through the smoke, tossing satchels and turning back. Those in front of our section of wall fell in place with the satchels still tens of meters away. Sections of the wall to our north and south exploded, leaving gaping holes for the Togmal army to rush through... and they did.
I gave the command for my platoons to fall back. In only seconds we were on the ground and sprinting across the compound. Togmal warriors were paying the price for coming through the breaches, but with each wave they knocked a few more Marines from the walls surrounding them. It only took minutes before we lost containment on the first breach. Orders to fall back came in rapid succession.
Fighting from the ground to the walls was fierce. The raised platforms our Marines stood on offered no protection to the inside. Attrition rates rose fast, leaving us woefully short of the numbers needed to defend our base.
We fought from the sides of the barracks for fifteen minutes before the Togmal wave pushed in our direction. We next fell back to the commissary and then to the administrative annex. Before we knew it, they were backing us toward the eastern wall, the Togmal having come in through the west side.
I found the nearest captain in charge panicked—not knowing what to do. He had his Marines crouched along the platform on top of the wall, awaiting commands from his major.
“Sir, we have to abandon the fort.”
“What? Where? Where would we go? Who gave that order?”
“We run, sir. We've lost this fight. If we stay, we die. That's a certainty. Defending this property to the last man doesn't serve a purpose. Pick two squads to set down suppressing fire while the rest of you hustle through those gates. Just run and keep running until you can find a terrain that gives you advantage.”
I waved my platoons over. “Alpha Platoon. You hit the armory. Power cells are your priority. Grab what you can and set the place to blow. And don't linger. We don't have time. Bravo Platoon, you come with me. We're hitting the supply hut. We need food, water, and water filters. Go. Go. Go.”
As we hustled toward the supply hut, I could see the captain was hesitant to decide.
I opened a comm. “Captain. Get those Marines moving. That's an order.”
I hoped it was enough to shock him into action. We entered the supply hut before I found out what his response was.
The supply officer was holding a plasma rifle and refusing to let us pass. Art put an open hand to his face and pushed him to the floor. We gathered what we could and headed for the door. On the way back, Art pulled the lieutenant to his feet. He was told to follow us out.
Plasma fire was just reaching the supply hut when we sprinted away. I felt shame over the Marines who had perished fighting while we ran. It was their sacrifice that had given us the time to flee. But it heartened me to see the captain had taken my order, the east walls were now bare. Gateways leading out into the fields beyond were open. We hustled through.
The guilt as we ran was almost overwhelming. A dozen times I wanted to turn and fight. My last glance back at Fort Horvil saw Togmal warriors taking positions on the wall. A few plasma bolts flew our way, but from the distance we had made, their aim was ineffective.
We topped a hill at a steady jog, catching up to the captain and his company as they had slowed to a walk.
“Gunny, what are we doing?”
“Living, Captain. We lost that fight when those transports hit the ground.”
I glanced at the captain's company. None of his Marines were wearing their packs. They had come out of the gates with nothing but their rifles. I wondered how it was he had earned his bars. I beat being prepared into the skulls of my Marines daily.
The captain looked over my platoons. “Good. You have extra supplies. We'll need those.”
“I'd like us to put at least five kilometers between us and that fort before we slow to collect ourselves,” I said. “We can discuss supplies at that time. Until then, you and your team need to pick up the pace.”
The fast-march continued until we reached a wooded area. I gave the order for my platoons to stop and take a rest as I walked around taking an inventory of the supplies we had rescued.
The captain was soon at my heels. “Gunny. My Marines are thirsty. We'll need a supply of water.”
I glanced over my shoulder with a sigh. “Where are their packs?”
“We were on the wall, Gunny. Packs were an encumbrance.”
“Packs extend our lives, Captain. My teams never move without them. You now have a company of Marines who are without supplies because of your laziness.”
The captain's attitude turned to one of anger. “I'm ordering you to turn over those supplies, Gunny, and your packs. Everything will be counted and divided equally.”
I shook my head. “I don't think so, Captain. We'll be counting the extra supplies we've taken and will divide those. Your company will have to manage on that. Our packs stay with us.”
“You are insubordinate, Gunny. You'll pay for that attitude when they rescue us.”
I stepped close to the captain with a lowered voice. “That's if they rescue us, Captain. If you hadn't noticed, we got our asses kicked back there. Twenty thousand Marines and soldiers are dead. The Togmal own that fort. The only way for them to own that fort is if they also own the heavens above. We've lost Richland, Captain. If a rescue is coming, it may be a long way off. Think six months for them to plan a counter offensive and to put it in play.”
“Six months? There is no way we can survive out here for six months.”
“Your packs, if you had been prepared, had a data module with a complete workup of the flora and fauna on this planet, Captain. We know what is edible and what will kill us. I'll have a few of my Marines turn theirs over to you. I suggest you load them into a few comms, gather around, and study those until your eyes bleed.”
“You're delusional if you think we can live off the land for six months, Gunny.”
“I don't think we have a choice, Captain. Until you get a comm from a ship looking to make a pickup, I suggest you focus your energies on surviving. Also, if we get the sustenance we need sorted out, we should then look at what we can do to make the lives of the Togmal in that fort—miserable.”
“What?”
“They'll be sending out patrols who will be ripe for ambush... sir.”
“This war is over, Gunny. We lost.”
“Just the battle, Captain. So long as we live, we haven't lost the war.”
I counted our supplies and gave the captain his share. We marched for another two days, coming to the ruins of the Togmal structure built atop the town of Bigguns. Several nearby streams provided water and game was plentiful. We trained squads to recognize the edible plants that were available. I was almost shocked at how easily we were able to achieve a sustained survivability after only a few short weeks.
As I had suggested, we put together ambush parties and made raids on Fort Horvil. The captain, at first reluctant, and incessantly angry, had cooled and accepted my leadership. He was alive and his Marines were alive. Any arguments over who was in command could wait until our rescue.
That rescue came four months later when a new fleet attacked. They smashed the fort and found our teams. I allowed the captain to take credit for our survival and in return his report omitted my insubordination. I had no interest in laying claim to the term of hero, so I put the entire affair behind me. My people, however, weren't happy with my choice, but respected my request to maintain silence.
Three months later, an even larger Togmal force attacked the colony of Richland, this time fatally. Togmal ships streamed into our section of the galaxy from who knew where. After Richland's loss, those of Mycene and Dunedin came next. The colonies of Baxter, where I had completed college, the agricultural colony of Reynic, and the transfer station in the Pyrese system, fell one after another.
Our regiment fought in each battle with high losses. When we fell back, command shoved hundreds of new recruits into our ranks. Each new fight brought chaos, bad decisions, failed equipment, and all ended with a retreat.
Art and I had kept each other alive, always making a move at the exact right moment that would slip the noose of death from around our necks. It was much the same for all the members of my platoons. They fought with ferocity, and they knew how to stay alive.
Our fleets were out-gunned and outnumbered. The Togmal were crushing our colonies, and it was looking like there was no way to stop them. The only bright points of the war had been at Merchain, Echelon, and the other corporate-owned and defended colonies. Their private fleets and armies were strong, capable, and well equipped. Our own supplies continued to be lacking and faulty.
The defense of the Union was teetering on collapse.

Chapter   32
_______________________

Demos IV was a densely populated planet with over two billion citizens. I was born and bred there. Denise's parents still lived in the same house. Art's wife and sons called it home too.
His sons were now in high school and both were eager to join the Marines. With the losses we had suffered, recruitment had fallen to the point where talk of conscription was being pushed around in the political halls of the Union. But just as with the entire war, no one wanted to make the hard decisions.
We had only pulled back to Demos the week before, coming from Pyrese Station, which the Togmal had overrun. The fleet at Demos was large at ninety warships, but the prior Haven raid had seen Togmal numbers closer to one hundred thirty. That same fleet entered the Demos system before ships could be brought from other, more distant colonies... or from the mega-fleet of over two hundred fifty warships that safeguarded Earth. Again, poor military decisions were being made daily.
The raid on Demos came on the day of the thirteenth anniversary of the Togmal arrival. Our orphaned regiment had yet to be fully processed. Most of us sat idle in a warehouse, playing cards to pass the time of day. The warehouse lit up red as flashing alerts showed on everyone's comm bracelets at the same time. The Togmal were on their way.
Art spent ten minutes on a comm to his wife as we assembled. The government had instructed her to shelter in place. Art added—if the Togmal made it to their town, they would have to fight to the death. There would be no surrender. His sons vowed to defeat the enemy all on their own.
I made a quick comm to Denise's parents. I apologized for not having taken the time to talk to them as I should have. It had been at least three years since I sent a note letting them know I was alive and okay. It was their lives I now worried about. My word to them was like that of Art's—shelter where you were and fight. The Togmal would not be taking any prisoners. But those were words I didn't have to say. As a Marine, Don was ready.
When the comm closed, I had a sense of foreboding that almost had me in tears. Denise's parents were my last connection to her and Pea. I wasn't prepared to lose them, not to the same beasts who had taken the rest of my family.
Art placed his hand on my shoulder as the captain of our company spoke. “We all know what we are defending here. Our enemy has now reached our most critical colonies. The coming days may be harder than any you have ever faced. Many of you have families here. For most others... your families are only days away.
“Here, on Demos, is where we make our stand. We have to hold this planet, Marines. We will hold this planet. I expect us to be receiving our orders within the hour. Until that time, check your packs and equipment. There can be no failures, no mistakes. This is a fight we have to win.”
It was a better speech than most I had heard. It was not as forceful and determined as I would have liked, but I now expected less from the Corps. We had seen over a decade of fighting and the same problems that plagued us in the beginning, continued to plague us on that day.
A comm came in on my bracelet. It was Thomas. “Ray. We just got word. I'm so sorry.”
“They haven't actually attacked yet. But I get your meaning. Seems like when this is over and done your corporate colonies may have the only surviving humans.”
“Sheila has done a remarkable job with our protection. Which is why I've commed you. We want you aboard, Ray. There is much fighting yet to come.”
“I couldn't leave now if I wanted to. The Togmal are here. Wait... how is it you are on the comm with me? You're here on Demos?”
“Preparing to leave for Earth. Big change is coming, Ray. We will soon fight this war in a proper goal-oriented manner. The Union has failed us, and the people of Demos will now pay for that failure.”
“Maybe if your corporations weren't supplying such crappy hardware, TC, things might be different.”
“Don't kid yourself, Ray. The politicians have blown this war. And they know it. We are in negotiations to take things over as we speak. That is confidential, of course. I'm telling you this because I want to bring you aboard now, before they sacrifice you on Demos.”
“Wait... are you trying to tell me the corporations are about to go under contract to take over this war?”
Thomas hesitated. “It goes much further. This won't be a contract. The binding agreement turns over full prosecution of this war and gives us the authority to govern the people. We would otherwise not bother as the political meddling would keep us from certain victory.”
“I'm not sure I understand what you are saying.”
“I am saying complete control of the government, Ray. They will hand over the military. All laws, contracts, everything... will be the responsibility of our consortium to manage, until we win this war.”
“That's insane. Why would any politician give you such power?”
“Look around, Ray. We are losing this war, and in a bad way. That will not change with the current system. We, the corporations, can turn this fight around. We can win this war. But we have to do it our way, Ray, without interference.”
“What if you win?”
“The agreement says things will revert back to the way they were. We are corporations, Ray, not dictators. Now I can't guarantee that outcome, but I can guarantee I will try to make that happen. We make our living off the people, Ray, not from the people.”
“I'm not sure what that even means.”
“It means we will win this. I can offer you an up-front bonus if you join us now. But only if you choose now.”
“What kind of bonus? A million credits?” I chuckled at the uselessness of the thought.
Thomas nodded. “I could arrange that if it sealed the deal. However, I was referring to Denise's parents. I could fly them and everyone else you want out of here today. Before the fighting begins. But you have to decide... here... now.”
It was a twist I wasn't expecting. “What about my people?”
“You can bring whoever you want. Keep in mind, when we sign this deal, all forces will report to us. If you join me now, you can have whatever position within the organization you want. If you wait until the conversion... I won't have much say. Hold for a moment.”
The display screen split. The image of a smiling Sheila Getz showed on the other side. “Hey, Ray. You joining us?”
“I just received the offer. This will take some thought.”
“They have it together here, Ray. You will like it. Smart people making smart decisions. We've yet to lose a single fight to the Togmal, and believe me, their attacks have been equal to what you have seen so far. Our people are capable, the equipment is top-notch, and the planning is far more adaptive than reactive. The pay isn't so bad either. I'll be able to retire with a smile when this war is over.”
“I'm happy for you, Sheila. But like I said, I need a little time.”
“The switch is coming fast, Ray. Possibly in the next few days. When that Togmal fleet attacks and the Union fleet gets slaughtered, the politicians will have no choice but to take our offer. To not do so would be the death of billions. As it is, it looks like they will sacrifice Demos as their one final bad mistake. We have a fleet waiting at the ready, but we won't be committing those to use by that government. It would be a waste of lives.”
TC nodded. “What she said, Ray. It is happening now. Come in while I can still put you on my team. If you want to fight, I'll make certain... or Sheila will make certain we accommodate your wishes.”
Sheila added, “Just so you know this is all on the up and up, I'm sending a shuttle to pick up Denise's parents. Whether you come with us or not, you'll know they are safe. Give us an answer soon, Ray. Time is short.”
The split screen reverted to only Thomas. “Have you decided?”
“How much time do I have?”
An annoyed Thomas Goodall glanced at the clock on his comm. “One hour. No more.”
The comm closed.
Art said, “Sorry to eavesdrop, but I heard most of that. Are they serious about the government?”
“I have to believe they are. This essentially calls for martial law, but with that consortium of corporations taking control. It's a scary prospect on one hand, but so is the way we've been reacting to the attacks. I think they're right, we have no choice. We're losing this war.”
“I'll support whatever decision you make. Just let me say I don't trust them any more than I do our own slimy politicians. Both sides are about power and control.”
Thirty minutes passed, and then fifty. My deadline to decide was fast approaching. But that deadline was soon meaningless. Our comms went silent at the same instant an alert came down stating a deployment decision had been made. The Togmal had a new weapon. We were suddenly without communications.
The captain stood in front of our regiment, asking for quiet. “This has to be an anomaly. Command will be back up any minute. Just be calm and... recheck your gear.”
Grumbles rolled through the room.
I turned to Art. “We need to get out of this warehouse. Bunched up like this we're one fat target.”
Art smirked. “You suggesting a little more insubordination? If so, I'm with you.”
“Have the platoon move over by that exit.”
“Captain's not gonna like that.”
“Captain won't notice. He's occupied. Do it now.”
I made my way over to the company supply officer. “Lieutenant. The warehouse across the way holds our regimental supplies. Am I right?”
“You are.”
“Can I talk you into following me over there?”
He raised an eyebrow. “Do I want to know what you're planning? Orders could come in at any moment.”
“Orders aren't coming. The Togmal have jammed our comms. This regiment sitting in one spot, with all our supplies in one spot, makes us prime targets.”
“How would the Togmal even know we are here?”
“Are you willing to take that chance? Just keep this in mind. If we go and the orders come and the Captain makes a big deal out of this, just say I held a rifle to your back and threatened you. I'll take full responsibility for this action.”
I glanced over at the captain and his other lieutenants. “He won't even notice you're missing, Lieutenant. If I'm right, we have at least a small chance of defending the regiment should an attack come. I believe the attack is coming right now.”
The lieutenant stared at the captain for several seconds before deciding. “I'll follow you out.”
I gave Art a nod to move our platoons out of the building. Once outside, we hurried across the road to the supply warehouse. Our biggest threat would come from the sky, so I commandeered enough skink missiles for each member of our platoons to carry two. I split the platoons into teams of two and had them surround both warehouses. We next looked to the heavens. The lieutenant remained with me.
“You ever fire one of these?” I asked.
The lieutenant shook his head. “Only in the simulators.”
I held one up on my shoulder. “It's simple. Press this button for power. Aim. And then press this button to launch. The missile should seek out the target closest to your aim.”
“I think I can handle that.”
“Good. Then take this and set it on your shoulder. Get a feel for it. When any ships show, we will only have seconds to aim and fire.”
A nervous lieutenant did as asked.
The captain came out of the warehouse with an angered look. “What is going on out here?”
I replied, “Defense, sir. The Togmal are coming.”
The captain twisted in his spot, ducking and looking up. “What? Where?” Once he realized the threat was not immediate, he turned in my direction. “This is it for you, Gunny.”
The soft, blue Demos sky showed growing dots of black over his head.

Chapter   33
_______________________

The battle for Demos IV was on. The Togmal fleet had broken through. Several dozen Togmal gunships dove toward our location. The lieutenant standing next to me squeezed the trigger on his skink repeatedly. Nothing happened.
I reached over and pressed the button for his power switch. “Take aim, then squeeze the trigger. But wait for my command.”
The lieutenant was shaking. The Captain remained in the street, looking up.
I yelled, “Captain. Empty that warehouse and get as many of these missiles ready as you can. The Togmal won't wait for you to decide.”
The captain yelled at two of his lieutenants who were now standing next to him.
“Let it fly, sir. It's time.”
The lieutenant’s skink zipped up through the air. With that event, two dozen more climbed after it. The gunships attempted to scatter as they fired relentlessly at the skinks, but their efforts only stopped half of the initial salvo. Fifteen Togmal gunships exploded, their remains falling toward the ground in smoke and flame.
A quick count showed that eleven were still coming. Our second volley knocked all but one from above us. The other Marines of our regiment came streaming out of the warehouse at the same instant the Togmal gunship delivered its first blows.
I stood and scrambled back into the supply building, emerging seconds later with a skink on my right shoulder and another in my left hand. The gunship continued unleashing its wrath on the scattering Marines as I powered up the missile and squeezed the trigger. The skink shot from my shoulder, fizzled, and fell into the street.
I growled as I raised the second missile. I took aim and squeezed the trigger, sending the missile away. Seconds later, the flaming hull of the gunship was crashing into the warehouse. The captain emerged from the supply house with two missiles in his hand.
He turned his look of anger toward the sky. “How did you know, Gunny?”
“It's the Togmal, sir. They never do what you expect or what you want. If it were me, I'd empty that warehouse, make certain everyone's pack is full, and deploy everyone in a configuration that will give us about a half-kilometer-diameter perimeter.”
The captain went to speak into his dead comm before snarling at it. He waved his lieutenants over and gave verbal orders. I gathered my people, restocked, and hustled out to our position on the perimeter. We spent the next two hours staring at the sky. On the horizon, we saw smoke billowing from the nearest city.
Art said, “That's Casper. We should be there protecting it.”
I slowly shook my head. “Would take us a day to get there. And by the looks of it, we're already too late. Your family is in Teklan, aren't they?”
“They are. About a thousand kilometers from here. Maybe we should have taken Goodall's offer?”
“I was thinking the same thing.”
“Well, on a good note, we haven't seen any more gunships. Maybe our defenses are holding?”
The captain and a lieutenant pedaled a bicycle up to our location. I wanted to laugh but instead congratulated him on taking the initiative.
“Gunny, what were the losses in your platoons?”
“Two, sir.”
“That makes one hundred forty-eight dead. Eighty-nine injured. We lost a sixth of our people.”
“Best we could have done, Captain.”
“You saved our asses back there, Gunny. I won't forget it.”
One of my corporals yelled. “Incoming.”
We turned our attention south. Six craft were charging in our direction, riding just above the ground. Ten skinks shot into the air at the same instant. Ten missiles detonated before closing on their targets. Seconds later the six craft, unlike any I had seen before, flashed over our heads before turning skyward. All were maneuvering in perfect unison.
The captain asked, “What was that?”
“I'm guessing that's our new fleet, sir.”
“Our what?”
I explained the transition that was taking place. I could only guess the agreement had been signed, turning control of the Union over to the consortium of corporations. The captain was having a hard time believing anything of the sort was being done. I assured him I had heard it from the top.
Ten minutes later, our comms came back online.
The Prime Minister of the Union showed on all our displays. “My fellow citizens. As many of you know, the colony at Demos IV is under attack. We have done everything we know possible, to protect each of you. But our efforts have not been enough.
“As of 2:01PM, Union Standard Time, your government, with approval of the Supreme Court of Justices, signed an agreement with a consortium of our most powerful corporations, to take over prosecution of this war. All military contracts are void, and this group of corporations, calling themselves, The Corporation, has been given control. All civil and military authorities and all citizens—now report directly to The Corporation.
“In the meantime, this Ministry, your Congress, all Federal, Colony, and State governments, will retain control of civilian affairs at the lowest levels. We will also function as the watchdogs over The Corporation, so don't fear this move. I regret that after more than a decade of war, this administration and the prior administrations could not deliver a winning strategy.
“Already, a force of tremendous power has intervened in the conflict on Demos. We hope to be hearing progress reports for those efforts shortly.
“So, what does this mean to the average citizen? Unfortunately, the specifics of that are yet to be known. Just know your elected government has determined this to be our best chance of not only surviving this war—but winning it. I ask for you to be patient and supportive during this temporary transition.”
The comm switched to a corporate spokesperson. “Hello. My name is Naomi Downs. You will hear from me often in the coming days as I explain changes you will be seeing. All penalties for violating the current laws are immediately doubled.
“In addition, public complaints about this transition, or the personnel involved with said transition is henceforth a violation of the law, punishable as a misdemeanor for the first offense, followed by a felony, including a mandatory prison sentence of at least two years for any subsequent offense. We will provide a proper forum for complaints while public voicing of those complaints is prohibited. Any effort to thwart the will of the new corporate government, will be considered an act of sedition, punishable by a minimum of five years in prison.
“Interference will not be tolerated. There is a war going on and all possible resources are needed for its prosecution. And for those who might be fearful of anything I said, keep in mind that if you are a law-abiding citizen, you will have no worries. Good day.”
Outgoing comms again shut down.
I shook my head. “This is bad.”
We spent the rest of the afternoon listening to one new instruction after another. A shuttle landed next to us and a black-uniformed official emerged onto a ramp. “Rayford T. Jackson?”
Art chuckled. “They've already got your number.”
I stood. “That would be me.”
The official glanced over his shoulder into the cabin of the shuttle. “You have two minutes to select eight people to bring with you. You are being transferred.”
I looked at Art. “You up for a ride?”
“Might as well. It's not letting me through to the wife. I'd like to know if she and the boys are okay.” Art tapped on his comm.
I patted him on the shoulder. “I'll see what I can do.”
My selections were Ballard, LaFleur, Bowman, and several others to round out my eight.
The official gestured with his hand. “You won't need your packs.”
We dropped the packs to the ground. Each of my selected team retrieved several personal items. Not until the transport had lifted did a comm come in on the main display. It was Sheila.
She grinned. “Good. You survived.”
“Where are we being taken?”
“Up to my command ship. I'll give you a debrief shortly... after I destroy this Togmal fleet.”
“You're still fighting?”
“I'll talk to you in a bit.”
I looked out the shuttle window as we cut toward The Corporation's command ship. The exterior was a gloss black. Major gun ports appeared every fifty meters along her half-kilometer-long beam. Triangular in shape, it was a thing of beauty.
The shuttle landed in a protected bay. We walked down the ramp onto a deck that was clean and polished. Everything around us was new. Personnel hurried about with efficiency. I knew Sheila was running a first-rate operation.
They took my team to a waiting area before processing them into their new positions. An escort took me to an elevator and up sixteen levels to the command bridge. A half-dozen massive screens, showing details of the major engagements of the fight, surrounded Sheila and her executive team.
“Ray. Come in. We are just wrapping things up.”
“You've won this fight?”
“At a cost. Their ships are still faster and more powerful than ours. We make up for some of that with our armor, but that only goes so far. We're studying the tech we've captured and hope to have a few working prototypes in about two years.”
“Two years?”
“Some of this is new to our science teams; they're still trying to understand it. Anyway, this is what you missed out on. We can control about 90 percent of the ongoing battle from here. The rest we are working on, and there's always the unknown you have to deal with. I heard your regiment almost got wiped out. We were hoping to have the gunships deployed in time to prevent any loss of life, but the politicians refused to sign until Togmal ships were entering the atmosphere.”
“Is there a way you can check on something for me?”
“Name it.”
You know Art, Arthur Mayhew. He has family here on Demos. Any way to check on them?”
Sheila waved over an aide and assigned the task. “We'll know in a few minutes. To put your mind at ease, if you were wondering, Denise's parents are secure. When this is over, I will return them to the surface.”
“Thanks for doing that. They were defenseless.”
Sheila sat in her command chair. “So, Ray, are you ready to be a big part of this?”
“TC's offer still stands?”
Sheila shook her head. “That's off the table. The signed agreement stripped him of any authority. His father is first in line with his sister being second. TC is well down in the mix with the rest of the corporate biggies. Anyway, it was Estelle's request that brought you here.”
“Estelle? What does she want?”
Sheila shrugged. “I couldn't say. Just know she is a big and powerful player. I suspect I won't, in any way, be envious of your situation. A woman spurned...”
I rolled my eyes. “Not this again.”
“I don't know, Ray. Her ship arrives tomorrow.”

Chapter   34
_______________________

I glanced around at the bridge. It was a mixture of bright lights, holo-displays, and manned consoles. “Looks impressive.”
Sheila smiled. “The data comes through five dozen consolidation stations on the deck below. These displays show us the prioritized battle scenes along with the data needed to make decisions. We're still fine-tuning the system, but I have to say, so far it delivers. You'd have to be a complete idiot to make the wrong decisions from here.”
I shook my head. “We've seen our share of those people in positions they shouldn't be in.”
“True. But I'm here now and so far, the execs are pleased with my performance.”
I smiled. “I knew they would be.”
The aide returned with a less-than-eager look, whispering information into Sheila's ear. Her smile faded. “Thank you, Shanice.”
I pointed as the aide walked away. “Shanice? From Baxter? I thought I recognized her. What'd she say?”
Sheila pursed her lips. “The Togmal killed Art's wife and sons in the first attack. A dozen gunships set almost their entire town ablaze. I'm sorry, Ray. For you and Art both. I know you spent a lot of time talking about his kids with him. If you want, I can have Shanice deliver the news.”
I stood in depressed thought for several seconds. “No. No. I'll do it. He should hear it from me.”
“I'll have Shanice take you to him. From there she'll show you to your quarters for a cleanup... and then dinner with me later.”
My walk was slow on the way there. I blamed myself for Art's family's demise. Had I accepted Thomas's offer, they would have been evacuated before the action began. When I entered the room, I could see in Art's face—he knew. He dropped to his knees and began to sob. I knelt beside him putting my hand on his shoulder.
“I'm so sorry.”
I knew the exact pain he was going through. Not a day went by where Denise and Pea didn't cross my mind. They say time heals all wounds, but mine had never healed. They had only grown more distant.
Shanice escorted the others to their quarters, each touching Art on the shoulder and offering their condolences as they passed. It was a stark reminder of just how painful war could be. Art stayed in his quarters to grieve that evening. A somber mood pervaded dinner.
The following day, Estelle arrived and had me transferred to her ship. When I walked into her private quarters, I could tell by her smile what she had on her mind. She still wanted me, and I figured she felt she was now in the position to have me.
Estelle walked to stand just in front of me. “Rayford. You clean up well. I was expecting to see you covered with battle scars.”
“I have my share. Both inside and out.”
Estelle frowned. “You're talking about Art's family. I heard. A tragic loss when we were so close.”
I crossed my arms. “What do you want, Estelle?”
“I want you on my team. My executive team. I've followed your career and... well... let's just say you know how to stay alive in a fight. I want people like that on my staff. And given your extensive experience, well, all the other execs have requested you. Even Sheila. But I have first dibs.”
“I'm not interested in an executive position, Estelle. I want to fight Togmal... to kill Togmal. They murdered my family.”
“Your position here will kill Togmal by the thousands. Of that I can assure you.”
“Watching on a display is not the same. I know it sounds barbaric, and maybe that's what I've become, but I need it to be up close and personal.”
I was almost shocked by the gleam in Estelle's eye when I finished that statement. It was one of the most disturbed, almost devilish expressions I had ever seen.
“You're a warrior, Ray. I like warriors. I like men willing to put it all on the line. Men who lack fear.”
I huffed. “Lack fear? You've got me all wrong, Estelle. Fear keeps me alive. Fear of injury and death and fear of those around me experiencing the same. And even fear of those happening to anyone else too. No one should have to go through the pain I went through when this all began. No one. I live in fear of injury and death every day.”
Estelle stepped forward, placing her warm, soft hand on my right cheek. “You have always been so vibrant, so alive, Ray. I've been drawn to you since we first met.”
I sighed as I reached up, gently moving Estelle's hand back to her side. The smell of her perfume wafted in the air. Her warm smile and plump lips beckoned me to take her in my arms. She was extremely attractive in every way—except personality. That I found repulsive.
She coyly turned to the side. “I've changed, Ray. I've grown up. Being here in business with all the responsibility it entails, has matured me beyond those teen years where you knew me before. I want you on my team, Ray. Close... on my team.”
She leaned in. I could almost taste her warm breath. It smelled like candy. I took a step back and looked for the door, moving to it as fast as I could go.
After stopping, I glanced back. “I just want to kill Togmal, Estelle. I have no room in my life for anything else right now. I'm sorry.”
I walked into the hall, closing the door. Her aide hurried in just behind. The yelling began before I was out of earshot. When I reached the elevator on that deck the aide emerged from the room, crying.
Estelle had not changed. She had matured, that was for certain. And she was as stunning as ever. But her heart was both selfish and dark. I imagined I might “accidentally” be spaced before making it off her ship.
Sheila was waiting when I exited the shuttle into the docking bay of the command ship.
Her eyes were wide open, expressively so. “You know how to piss off a woman, Ray. I'm afraid to ask what you said.”
“She wanted me. I didn't want her. Same old story.”
“Well, I tried to get you on my staff earlier, but you told me a resounding no. Now she wants you up on the front lines— and dead.”
I smirked. “Good then. I got what I wanted. Except for the dead part. I have no interest in that. What of my squad?”
“They'll be going with you. She apparently wants you all punished.”
Before the day was out, we were back on the ground on Demos. A pair of officers in black uniforms were instructing us on what to expect as Corporate Marines. We were all part of a new military. It was a military that would give us the best of weapons and support in the field, and extreme punishment for any who stepped out of line.
Our new commander read off a long list of offenses, including insubordination, complaining outside of newly established channels, and any talk that could be construed as anti-corporation. They owned us and had full authority over every aspect of our being, including our lives. I could see from the faces in the crowd that many were uncomfortable with the situation.
But we were at war and no longer fighting with relaxed rules. That had been a big part of our problem. The new authority vowed it would be a problem no more. If it brought good decisions to the battlefield, I was all for it.
The Togmal were strangely silent for several months before their next attack came. They attempted a new assault of Demos IV. Their ships did not reach orbit. Sheila's fleet destroyed forty-two of the seventy-six warships involved. The rest turned and fled.
Two months after that attack, command loaded us on transports and sent us to the frigid colony of Baxter. I dreaded the fight out in the pure white. But my dread disappeared when we were each provided with snow gear that would not only keep us warm, but gave us an advantage over the Togmal warriors we were fighting.
The fight on the ground took fifteen days, leaving our enemy eradicated and the Baxter Colony reclaimed. On the final day, I was standing on the steps where Denise had picked me and Thomas up after final exams. The building behind me was nothing more than icy, snow-covered ruins. It mirrored my life since losing my family.
Upon our return to base at Demos, they promoted me to lieutenant. It was a promotion I took reluctantly, knowing it wouldn't be wise to refuse the will of The Corporation. They sent me to Officer Candidates School (OCS) and hurried me through. The training was far different from the lax, politicized training that OCS had previously become. I came out of the school with a new respect for the efficiency of The Corporation, but still leery of their end-goal.
Our next fight was on the Mycene Colony where I had gone to boot camp. We arrived mid-summer. The temperatures were soaring, and the humidity levels were so high my exposed skin felt as though it was in a constant hot fog. But again, our gear was exceptional.
Corporate command had just introduced a new fighting suit. It was lightweight and hard, absorbing most moderate impacts from debris where our prior gear left unprotected alleys for damage to get through. The suits had cooling, allowing our Marines to maneuver in the heat of Mycene without breaking a sweat. The ground-battle on Mycene took two months. It was again a complete victory for our forces.
When we returned to base there was a huge shake-up in the command structure. Those officers who The Corporation teams felt were not worthy of their positions—were busted down to the rank of private. They promoted the performers. Again, I was not eager to make the move, but a pair of captain's bars were shoved in my face, and in the newest Corporate Marines there was no longer a right of refusal.
Before our next raid, an edict came down that the elected Congress, Prime Ministry, and judicial courts were having power stripped away because of abuses. Many of the over-watch activities of those government entities were now termed as subversive. The announcement was a shock, but most people didn't seem to care. We were winning the fight against the Togmal and most were feeling a sense of security for the first time in a decade. I wondered if that sense of security was misplaced.
Our next mission was to liberate Haven. An hour before our fleet was to leave Demos space, a private shuttle landed. An escort in a black uniform came to collect me. After being taken aboard, they asked me to sit in a plush, high-back leather chair. It sat across from another one. I expected a smiling Estelle to come through the door at any moment.
Thomas came into the room and took the seat in front of me. “Hello, Ray.”
I shook my head as I smirked. “I was expecting your sister. Glad it's you.”
“Yes. Well let's say this is an unofficial meeting.”
“What's on your mind, TC? We not winning fights fast enough for you?”
“This is and isn't about the war, Ray. I come to you today as a friend. I know I can find support from you on this matter.”
The look on Thomas's face was one of worry. It was a look foreign to him.
“What's going on? You seem a little out of it.”
“I'm worried about the agreement, Ray. You know I'm a Goodall-man, corporation all the way... but that has always been secondary to being in the Union. I like a system of elected officials where, if they get out of line, they are held responsible and replaced. We are not heading in that direction.”
It was shocking to hear those words coming from Thomas's mouth. I had a sudden feeling I was being set up... that my loyalty was being tested.
“Explain further, Thomas. I'm not getting where you're going with this.”
Thomas stood and paced the room with his hands clasped behind his back. “This agreement to conduct the war. I believe my sister is working behind the scenes to make it permanent. She wishes to abolish the Union. I may be powerless to stop her.”
I crossed my arms. “I... I don't know what to say to that. And saying anything could be viewed as treason.”
On the inside I was about to burst. I wanted to agree with his statements, but something was telling me to hold back.
Thomas turned. “Are you saying you are okay with the current state of affairs?”
I held up my hands. “Current state? I have no real issue there. We're winning these fights and that's what we all agreed to do. There have been rumors about some of the corporate execs being abusive, but I've not seen any of that myself. When you say permanent, are you talking about when the war is over? Doesn't the agreement state you will return all governance back to the Union?”
“It does. But would it disturb you to know there were certain loopholes within the agreement? Loopholes that would allow The Corporation to continue having control so long as they thought there was any threat?”
“I'm not sure what you are asking of me, TC. Would I like to see the Union restored after all this is over? Yes. But that's not an issue for just me to decide. It's for the people to decide.” I chuckled. “And when this war is over, if you guys could leave the Union a bit cleaned up from where it was, corruption and all, I don't think anyone would oppose that either.”
The conversation continued for another half hour. I was careful not to come down on one side or the other. The entire visit seemed contrived. When Thomas left, I was uncertain of his true purpose for the meeting, but I was certain my loyalty was being tested.
As soon as I stepped off his shuttle, the order for departure came down. We were heading to Haven. I had last set foot on the ground there five years before. With our new gear and support, and with me commanding my own company, I was eager for the attack to begin.

Chapter   35
_______________________

Since returning to combat, command placed my company as the tip of the spear in each engagement. Repeated, secretive warnings from Sheila had me mindful that Estelle wanted to see me dead. On the last warning, I asked Sheila to stop. I told her she was only endangering herself. She agreed but committed to providing the continued support I would need to fight and win.
The battle for Haven was massive, lasting four months. The Togmal ground fortifications were well designed and heavily defended. Simultaneous assaults were waged against fourteen strategic sites. We lost half of the three hundred fifty thousand Marines who deployed.
My company saw a third of us going down as casualties. I came out of the fight with gashes and contusions to my right arm, but otherwise unharmed. I spent most of a week in the infirmary before I was again certified as ready for duty.
Most of the new Marines assigned to my company were veterans. I took the time to address those who were completely new to the fight. They were compelled to enlist and were rushed forward after enactment of the Conscription Act by The Corporation. Every citizen was now subject to being forced into the war.
My talk was short and to the point. They were here. It was up to us whether we fought hard and won or cowered and lost. Defeat meant certain death, where victory gave us dignity and the respect of others, with a much higher chance of surviving to fight again. When the speech was over, I felt I had delivered one of the best of my career.
The majority of the fighting beyond Haven, taking several years, was in space. Our fleets were winning. The cost in lives and material was high, but we were pushing the Togmal back on every front. We were fast approaching what was being dubbed as the battle of all battles. The Richland colony, fortified with over a million Togmal warriors on the ground, was waiting. Our next mission was to take it back.
The Togmal were dug in—hard. Their air defenses were the best we had seen. While our fleet ruled the heavens, new Togmal missiles prevented us from using our gunships over their fortifications. It was setting up to be a bloody ground conflict, and my regiment and company would be first into the fight, again.
Art sat across from me in the mess hall where officers and enlisted now shared space. “What's on your mind, Captain?”
It had taken a pair of conflicts and several years, but Art had mentally returned to the fight. While not jovial as he once was, he was now committed to killing as many Togmal as he could. He was also committed to keeping the rest of us alive... so we could all kill more. In each fight he had been out front with me, leading the way and inflicting all the pain, suffering, misery, and death we could muster.
I would not admit it to him, but the loss of his wife and sons constantly brought thoughts of my own loss back to my mind. It took every ounce of concentration and focus on our goal, defeating the Togmal, to keep me from breaking down.
“Richland,” I said. “I keep going back to that first encounter.”
“Dumb leadership is what that was. I still can't believe I made it out.”
“Same with us.”
Art huffed. “You at least had that hill. All I had was Togmal closing in on me. Hmm.” Art looked at a far wall in thought. “Lieutenant Davis. Haven't thought about him in a while. He was the one good thing about that company. Gave it everything he had right up to the end. If I go out on Richland, I want it to be like Davis.”
“Dead is dead, Sergeant.” Art had earned his stripes after Haven. “We make it through this time and we're close to seeing the end.”
His next statement caught me off guard.
“Can't say I'm eager for that like I once was. What do I go home to now? This war is all I have.”
That comment brought with it a stream of thoughts I had tried to avoid. When my revenge was complete, what would I go home to? Where was home? They were questions I had to push to the back of my mind.
“You and me both. But we'll figure it out. There will be clean-up work from all this for a long time. We'll settle into something. And know when that time comes, I've got your back.”
“My back.” Art chuckled. “Would rather have you out front.”
I smirked. “Used to be we wanted Hayden out front.”
“You hear from him at all?”
I shook my head. “Not for almost a year now. Sheila said they ordered him to not talk to any of us. Last I knew he was enjoying the work but was concerned about the direction the corporate leadership was taking.”
“What do you mean?” Art asked.
“I've already said too much.”
Art leaned in. “Hey, you know they'd have to tear out my heart before I rolled over on any of you, right? Should this agreement concern us or not? I mean, I'm all for winning this war, but if there's to be any life after this, we'll need our freedom back. Not looking to be some corporate slave.”
“I really shouldn't be saying this, but I think the corporations are setting themselves up to maintain power and control. I had no love for the Union as it was being run, but those politicians were there because of our own careless votes. With this new setup, we don't have votes.”
Art gave a half smile. “Sounds like you'll be looking to get into corporate politics.”
“At this point, I don't know what I'll be looking to get into. Probably nothing but trouble.”
Art chuckled. “You and me both, Partner. You and me both.”
The fleet battle in the Richland system was as deadly as any we had seen. The Corporation committed almost every available warship. Most did not return, but the victory was ours, and with it the Togmal fleet was smashed.
We landed on the surface of the colony a week later. As expected, the fighting was bloody—fierce. The Togmal had eleven fortifications guarded by close to ninety thousand of their best warriors at each. Our division was the first to engage in four of those fights. The ground war ran on for five months.
By the end of the battle, the Corporation Marines numbered fewer than fifty thousand out of the two hundred twenty thousand we had landed. Our less-experienced Army troops took an equal beating, losing most of the half-million who followed us in. In a single engagement, we had lost 80 percent of the assault-capable ground force in all our military. It had been an all-or-nothing fight.
During the struggle on Richland, my right hip took a hard blow, cracking the bone and damaging some of the tissue. For days I lay in a hospital bed, fearing I would miss out on the rest of the war. I had to laugh at myself for the thought, knowing it was physically better to be laid up than being on the front lines and fighting. But my brain was screaming at me to demand a release. So, I did. An order from Estelle granted my wish.
They let me out a week early. I was in a wheelchair, but determined to do whatever it took, no matter how much pain, to get back in the fight. I was surprised upon return to the base, a three-rank promotion was waiting for me. I was being rewarded for my bravery, effort, and victory over the Togmal at Richland. They gave me command of the 1st Marine Division, 7th Regiment, with the rank of a full-bird colonel. New recruits to fill our ranks were on the way.
After the presentation, a man in a black uniform rolled me to a low-lit conference room and shoved me inside. As the door closed behind me, I faced a dark silhouette at the other end of the room.
Sheila stepped into the light with a grin. “Hello, Ray.”
I glanced back at the door. “Aren't you taking a risk being here?”
“I am. If Estelle knew she would have me flogged and spaced. But I wanted to come and personally thank you for your service.”
“A full colonel? I'm guessing you were behind this?”
“I've been trying to move you up the ranks without showing my hand. This time it was easy. Your performance out there qualified you for this in every way. Estelle will be livid when she finds out but you have the eye of Aarlis himself. Also, TC has done nothing but speak your praises. So, I had you promoted to colonel. When this is over, they plan on making you a military hero.”
“Me? What have I done to deserve that?”
“Are you kidding?” Sheila laughed. “Not a Marine in the entire Corps has more combat experience than you. You've killed more Togmal than anyone out there. You survived it all. Your name is already being passed around as a hero back on Earth. All part of Aarlis' plan. A little banged up with the hip, but a winner all around.”
I knew what she meant with her statement, but I snapped out a response, anyway. “A winner who lost his family.”
Sheila showed remorse. “I'm sorry, Ray. That didn't come out as intended. What I came here today to let you know is you don't have to fight anymore. This war is all but over. From what our intel tells us, there is only one small fleet left out there. That fleet is the last of the Togmal.”
“What do you mean? How would you know?”
“I'll let you in on a secret. We have the knowledge we've been seeking all these years. The Togmal fled their sector of the galaxy because of a star gone supernova. The gamma radiation was killing them. They had to move. Now, why they fought rather than joining us as peaceful partners and neighbors, who knows? I don't know if we'll ever understand why they chose to fight. What I do know is everything they have left, their entire population, is right here in this sector.”
“Can I assume they don't just pop out as adults? Why have we not seen any children, or females for that matter?”
“This last fight at Richland, the fleet we encountered had dozens of ships of a type we hadn't seen before. After evaluation of the wreckage, we discovered they were egg ships. The Togmal were preparing to rebuild their population, starting right there on Richland. Had we given them another decade, intel believes we might have seen five billion of them entering adulthood. Our scientists said they mature fast and live just as long as we do.”
“That planet would have a hard time supporting five billion.”
“Precisely. They were planning to take over, Ray. Permanently. That same intel said a decade after that population boom they would surpass the total human population.”
“So, this one last fleet and the Togmal will be dead?”
“That is the plan.”
“So, a fleet battle?”
“We're not certain. Their last known direction took them toward Bitma Station. If they stop there, we'll just have to take them down the hard way. We'll know if that's what happened in another two days.”
I rolled forward. “If that happens... Bitma or any other ground-type engagement, promise me here and now you will allow me to fight.”
“I can't make that promise, Ray. But don't fret. Estelle has already let it be known the 1st Division of the Corporate Marines, 7th Regiment, will be the boots they send in to finish the job.”
I tilted my head to the side in question. “Are you serious about that?”
“I am. I was hoping this promotion would at least keep you at the back of the troops, giving commands. Regimental commanders are not front-line.”
“Not a chance. I have to do this. For myself, for Denise and Pea, for Art's family, and everyone else we lost.”
Sheila sighed. “If this happens, you need to promise me you won't do something crazy just to get yourself killed, Ray. Your survival is now essential to The Corporation... and to everyone else. You are our poster-boy for how we fought and won this war. When this is over, they have big plans for you. You'll be an ambassador, convincing the people why keeping the corporations in charge is good for them.”
“Get me in this fight, and the corporations can parade me around in front of whoever they want. And do something to get me out of this wheelchair.”
“That discussion with your doctors has already happened, Ray. They'll be performing a special procedure that should give you full mobility back in a few days, with enough time to heal before reaching Bitma.”
Sheila gave me a quick hug before she disappeared into the hall. My escort rolled me back to the landing area. I had a grin on my face at the thought of killing off the last of the Togmal. A shuttle ride took me to the hospital where the procedure was performed. Everything was moving fast.
I walked out of rehab after only two weeks. Our fleet left for Bitma the following day. We were charging into our final fight.

Chapter   36
_______________________

Three weeks before, the remaining Togmal had attacked at Bitma. In a final act of defiance, they slaughtered the eight thousand inhabitants. We stormed aboard that morning, committed to taking it back.
Saying I was disappointed would have been an understatement. As Regimental Commander, I was running the assault from the rear. But I couldn't allow the fight to go forward without me. I ordered my subordinates to assume command.
I took control of a single squad of eight Marines. We blasted our way down the final corridors—toward where the last of the Togmal warships was docked. The fighting was fierce. I vowed no enemy would escape.
I pushed my squad of nine as we quick-stepped around and over the product of battle. Art Mayhew sprinted ahead, checking the next side-room before waving us forward.
Togmal warriors lay scattered and dead in the surrounding hallway. Their reptilian hearts no longer beat. Their scaly, gray bodies simmered and smoked. The putrid smell of charred flesh fouled the air. I stumbled, wanting to gag. Even after decades of fighting, it was a stench I could never get used to. I paused and steadied myself before reaching up to rub my burning eyes.
Plasma bolts streaked by blue and erupted as orange on impact. Wave after wave of shock reverberated through my body. It felt like I was running a gauntlet through a gathering of boxers. The constant pounding was unforgiving.
Acrid smoke swirled. Damaged corridor lights flickered. The bright yellow walls, once intended to keep inhabitants happy, now resembled a furnace. I could almost feel the heat.
“Hold it together, Ray. Almost there...”
My throat grew raw as I yelled out commands. “Forward, Marines. Keep moving.”
The environment was harsh, but I was in my element.
I blasted a lock and kicked a pair of side doors open. I stormed into what looked like an auditorium only to be shocked. The Togmal had allowed several hundred of our people to live but neglected to provide food or normal sanitary care. Most of the Togmal decisions during the war had defied human logic. This was no different.
The funk of decay was overpowering. I flinched at the smell. The odors and images slapped my humanity, nearly bringing tears to my already-stressed eyes. Only half the victims still clung to life.
Their faces were gaunt from starvation, their eyes sunken and dark. Their only hydration had come from a decorative fountain in the room's center. It was dry.
Those who had the strength held out arms and hands in my direction. They were little more than skin over bone. My empathy for them was almost too much to bear. Being human compelled me to help, but I had nothing to offer.
We checked the room for Togmal before turning back toward the corridor. My heart clenched, knowing any aid for the innocent was still hours from arrival. I took one last look as I drew in a heavy breath. The stench forced me to quickly turn away.
We were Marines. Our mission was to move forward, to cleanse the station and the surrounding space of the savages who had waged war on us for two decades. I commed in the situation and dragged myself back to the hall.
The corridor from there split, going in two directions. I checked a map on my comm. It wasn't clear. With the chaos of it all, responses from my command for guidance had been anything but immediate.
Art bolted ahead, impatient. I scowled as I again looked over the map before deciding to run his way. The blue flashes of plasma ahead said it was the right decision. I yelled at him to stop as he neared a corner.
Then it happened... the thing I feared most every day. As Art turned into the next hall, a blue plasma bolt entered the left side of his chest, exploding violently outward as an orange corona. It wrenched the life from his body. He fell backward to the floor just in front of me. In retaliation, I blasted the Togmal who had taken him down.
I hesitated over Art's remains. His insides still burned. His eyes looked up with a dead, expressionless stare. For the last nine years, we had kept each other alive. I had just failed him... hard.
Only a minute before, he was running beside me with a determined grin on his muscled face. His weapon was spitting plasma from its emitter, dispensing vengeance for the brutal losses he himself had suffered. He would never see the war over, his revenge unsettled. I vowed at that moment to finish his commitment for him.
See you on the other side, Art. You, Pam, and your boys will have justice.
I glanced down for only a second. I didn't have the luxury of time to stop and grieve. “Move out.” I yelled at the rest of my squad. We hustled on.
I rounded the next corner at a near-full run. My shoulder bounced hard off the wall to my right and I again charged ahead. The dense soles of my combat boots, unstoppable, pounded out a warning of my wrath—I was coming for the enemy who remained. They would not deny me victory or vengeance. So long as I lived, I could not be denied.
Kick it, Ray. You've got this.
A heavy plasma bolt raged down the corridor toward me. I turned my head as it sizzled just past my left ear—like a flash of blue light against the red fog of war. It impacted an access panel in the wall by the corner I had rounded only seconds before. Whatever the contents behind the panel had been at that moment, exploded. Shards flew in every direction, taking out two of the seven Marines still with me.
Debris from the blast battered the side of my helmet and the back of my body armor. I dove forward to the floor. My chest heaved. I dared take in a breath of the rancid air.
A dead Togmal warrior was lying beside me, his upper torso shredded and burned. A contorted, pained expression was on what remained of his rugged face. An open but lifeless eye stared in my direction.
“Got what you deserved, asshole.”
As my teeth gritted together, I fired off the plasma rifle gripped tightly in my hands. I followed with a loud shout—coming from so deep in my lungs it seemed to echo on forever. It was my way of denying fate. I would not die like Art, even though death might only be an instant away.
Bright blue flashes filled the corridor as what looked like a platoon of Togmal warriors charged in ahead of me. I was compromised, unable to move to seek cover. Plasma bolts flashed off the floor and walls surrounding me as glowing orange bursts. The Togmal were pushing hard toward me.
While my team laid down suppressing fire from behind, I reached back to my belt and retrieved an Amatex grenade. The variegated osmium-lead shell gave it the appearance of a kid's toy. The damage from its detonation was anything but play. I chucked it toward the Togmal fighters as they closed on my position.
Only seconds passed before everything went silent—except the high-pitched ringing in my ears. A spray of hostile fragments came flying my way. Bits of metal bounced off the surrounding walls, ceiling, and floor before peppering the face shield of my helmet, leaving it dazzled with pits and scratches.
As the last of the blast passed, my chin jerked from the impact of a heavy shard. I had never been punched so hard. I could feel the warm wet flow of blood on my neck as it ran toward the floor. My mind was in a sudden fog.
Is this it? Am I done?
For a moment I shifted realities to a place where there was no more war, no more time. My vision dimmed. My body, weary, begged me to stop, to give up. But my mind would not give in. The light of life came flooding back as I opened my eyes.
A hand grabbed me under my arm, yanking me to my feet. “You got 'em, sir.”
Four of my Marines raced past as a fifth who had slowed to assist, prodded me along before he too burst ahead. I touched my ragged, aching chin, bringing back a bloodied glove as my legs began to work again, to propel me forward.
Get your crap together, Ray. We have a war to win.
At the next corner, a transparent wall ran the length of the corridor. The Togmal ship was now in view.
I again took command. “Houser, Ballard, clear the rooms on the left. Bowman, LaFleur, follow up. Forbes, come with me.”
I had just seen the ass-end of a hostile warrior. He slipped into an airlock and onto the crosswalk going to the warship docked beside us. We sprinted ahead.
Before we could reach the access, the massive steel door of the airlock zipped closed, clanging out a low frequency gong as it contacted its frame. The sound of locks engaging filled the sudden silence of the final corridor. I banged my fist on the door in frustration.
Through the transparent walls surrounding the door, we could see the warrior running. He glanced back for only a moment. I was certain it was a grin I could see showing on his ugly Togmal face. But before he reached the ship, the access door at the other end slammed shut, leaving him stranded.
“Where's that grin now, jackass?” I chuckled to myself and smiled. A content expression covered my face.
The metal support structure of the crosswalk then whined and screeched as it tore from its moorings. The transparent cross-tube fractured. The last of the Togmal warships was pulling away. The last Togmal warrior we would ever see alive, tumbled into the cold, dead of space. The flash from a plasma cannon turned his body to vapor. It was a fitting end, mirroring the devastating loss I had suffered so long ago.
I stood, staring. My heart raced and my chin was a mess. My other Marines came up beside us. Their body armor was bloody, scraped, dented and scorched. I wondered how any of us had made it through.
“Sir—tell me they aren't—getting away,” a huffing Corporal Ballard grunted out with heavy breath.
I slowly shook my head. “Not in this lifetime.” It was a statement I made with confidence.
Plasma charges spewed from the Togmal warship's cannons as our own fighting ships came to bear. Bright-blue, piercing streaks of plasma filled the black emptiness of space. The orange corona from impacts grew and faded into the void as the fierce battle ensued. The armored hull plating of the warship failed as our cannons proved their worth. Smiles crept onto the faces of my Marines as we witnessed the last enemy vessel being gutted in an ever-so-satisfying way.
I closed and covered my eyes as an extreme white flash filled my field of vision. The see-through walls in front of us flexed from a powerful shockwave after the Togmal warship's energy banks ignited. A third of the great ship splintered and shattered. The rest moved into a slow roll as a constant barrage of plasma picked it apart. I stepped back as a wave of debris crashed into the heavily armored sides of Bitma Station.
Vengeance was ours. There would be no Togmal survivors on the warship, just as there were no Togmal left alive on Bitma. The last vessel of the alien species who had invaded our space, decades ago, inflicting so much pain, so much suffering—was now gone forever.
In that moment, as the adrenaline coursed through my veins, I knew the war was over. We had won. I had survived. Twenty years of suppressed anger and hurt came rushing to the surface.
My emotions were running wild. I experienced a profound feeling of depression over my loss and then elation for our victory. Those feelings were quickly tempered by an equal sense of foreboding over what might come next with The Corporation. The event was overwhelming.
I dropped to my knees and wept. I wept for my wife, Denise and daughter, Pea—captured on a transport and ejected into the cold, dark void of space, then vaporized, only weeks after the war had begun, so long ago; I wept for the loss of Art on Bitma, and for his family—slain by the Togmal on Demos IV; I wept for the millions of citizens and for the thousands of Marines I had fought alongside who did not make it through. My tears of sorrow and joy formed a spattered puddle on the floor.
This was it. The endless war with the Togmal was over. Finally, over...

Chapter   37
_______________________

The Corporation was quick to capitalize on the event. A sleek shuttle docked with Bitma. Four black-uniformed corporation guards met me as I was returning to my transport.
“Colonel Jackson. You are to come with us.”
It was a twelve-day ride, going all the way back to New Hope, headquarters of The Corporation. I slept most of the way, depressed over the loss of Art. It was a far from pleasant journey.
After arrival, an aide led me into a tall, modern building. I glanced up at its mirrored glass exterior as I entered. He escorted me onto an elevator and up to the 32nd floor, the penthouse. When the door opened at the top, Thomas, Estelle, Sheila, Hayden, and Aarlis Goodall were waiting to greet me.
Thomas was first over, taking my hand in his for a firm shake. “We did it, Ray. You did it. All reports have come back that the Togmal at Bitma were the last. There are no more. All dead. The threat is over. We've won.”
Sheila was next with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “Badass finish, Ray. Sorry about Art. We were all watching on your helmet cam.”
Hayden followed. First, almost crushing my hand with his shake before pulling me in for a bear hug. “Way to kick ass out there, Ray. Man, I wish Max and Art had made it through to see this.”
Estelle was waiting when Hayden set me back on the floor. She placed her hand on my cheek and smiled, talking through her teeth. “You just keep winning, Ray. I don't know what to say.”
Finally, there was Aarlis. He walked to a counter and poured a pair of drinks. Thomas did the same for the others. With a slow purposeful walk, he came over, placing a glass of expensive booze in my hand.
“To Rayford Jackson. Hero of the Corporate Marines.”
The group raised their glasses.
They each began talking, wanting me to say something witty or brave. But I wasn't able to hear their voices. My mind was preoccupied, remembering Denise and Pea. The vengeance I had sought and achieved, now seemed woefully inadequate. Art's loss was also on my mind.
As the others joked and celebrated, I moved over to a window that looked out on the city. It was new and clean, a shining example to the rest of the colonies. Shuttles and transports were zipping around, dodging between buildings and settling on rooftops. On the streets below, I could see people walking, heading to who knew where as if ants on a trail. Five blocks down, an impromptu parade celebrating our victory was taking place. The world was buzzing, and I felt empty.
Thomas came to stand beside me. “What a great day and what a great time we live in, Ray. The people are thriving. They're happy. Crime is down and jobs are up. You know, if you were just now coming out of college, you'd have a dozen corporations bidding for you to come to work for them. Fantastic times, Ray. Fantastic.”
I gave a half smile. “Wish I had your enthusiasm, TC. Maybe in time I will. But I don't feel much like celebrating.”
Thomas placed his hand on my shoulder. “Understandable, Ray. My father won't like it, he has big plans for you, immediate plans. But I think you should insist on a week off... maybe even two. You need the time to wind down, to bleed off the adrenaline from all this. I'll talk to him to see what we can do.”
Thomas patted my shoulder before turning back to the others. Sheila was next to come over. “Ray, I know this is all swirling around in your head right now. But, you need to get your act together. This is a huge opportunity. Denise would have wanted this for you.”
I turned with an angry glare. “Denise would have been appalled by the lot of you. And please don't say her name again. You obviously didn't know her.” It was an unwarranted snap. Sheila had always been on my side. But I was in no mood for instruction.
Sheila pulled back. “Sorry, Ray. That didn't quite come out right. I'm just excited about the prospects of our future. You should be excited too.”
My attitude was going downhill fast. Sheila was right. Denise would have wanted to see my success. But I wasn't yet ready to embrace it. I turned, setting my glass on a shelf before walking my way to the elevator.
Aarlis came over to stand beside me as the door opened. “Take a few days, Rayford. We'll be waiting right here. When you get to the lobby, you'll find one of my people waiting there. They'll take you wherever you'd like to go.”
I returned a single nod as I stepped inside. The elevator door closed, and my body grew light. When it opened in the lobby, an aide was waiting.
“Colonel Jackson. How can I be of assistance?”
“Demos.”
“That's four days, sir. I'll need to check for authorization.”
The aide turned away as he opened a comm. I really didn't care what they had to say. I was going home.
Only a few seconds passed before he turned back. “We have the go-ahead. Follow me. We'll be taking Aarlis' private shuttle from the spaceport. I'd just like to offer my thanks, sir. For all you've done.”
“For all I've done?”
“Yes, sir. With the war. The news feeds have been replaying your heroic deeds over and over. There has been a slew of experts analyzing your decisions and victories. All quite fascinating. Whether you know it or not, you're quite the celebrity.”
“What's your name?”
“James, sir. James Holman.”
“Well, James, if I'm such a celebrity, why is it I'm not being mobbed for pictures and interviews right now?”
James smirked. “You're in the headquarters of The Corporation, sir. You won't find anyone but serious people here. They won't even make eye-contact without authorization. Would be bad for their careers.”
I frowned at the thought of having to answer to an authoritarian regime for such trivial things.
James leaned in close as we walked. “My congratulations back there are not part of my job description. I apologize if it bothered you.”
“Not a problem, James. You can say or ask anything you like around me. If I don't want to answer—I won't.”
“Thank you, sir.”
The ride to Demos was quiet. James didn't ask questions, and I wasn't looking to start conversations. After landing, a hover-taxi took me to Denise's parents' house. As always, Don and Darlene were kind and gracious.
After a short greeting, Don told me my things were in a set of boxes in Denise's room. I climbed the stairs in dread, not knowing what feelings the sight of the room might bring to my mind. As I entered, a smiling picture of Denise and Pea, sitting on a white dresser near the door, sent me over the edge. I broke down and wept. I missed them so much. It had been two decades, but I wondered how I would manage the rest of my years without them.
I shuffled over to Denise's bed, sat, and laid back, rolling onto my side. I stared at a wall full of items her mother had kept. Sports trophies, ribbons and other various awards sat on a shelf. I had a slight chuckle at the awkward image of Denise in her prom dress. She was never one for dresses, always saying they left you unprepared for taking action.
My mind wanted more. I rolled over to have a look at the other side of the room. There sat my boxes. My favorite picture of me, Denise, and Pea was sticking out of the top box. Again I broke down as I thought of how much I missed them. I had to look away.
I stared at her ceiling for an hour before I sat up. I took a heavy breath, knowing it was finally time to say goodbye. I ran my hand across the bedspread of her bed before turning toward my boxes. It was time to collect them, to move them out of her parents' home. My eyes lingered on the bag that held the Togmal rifle. It was now a reminder of her demise, something I had no use for, but I didn’t want to leave it there.
I opened a comm to James and asked him to come in to help me move my stuff. Don assisted as we carried the boxes down the stairs and out to the shuttle. I said my goodbyes to her parents, uncertain of when I might return. The shuttle lifted, taking us to the spaceport for our ride back to New Hope.
Four days later, I met Thomas in his new office. A subordinate was given management of Echelon. Thomas had finally been allowed to make the move he had sought twenty years before.
“Ray. So glad you are back and ready to roll with this. We have big plans for putting you out in front of the public. My father has given me the task of overseeing this operation. Don't worry, you don't have to do anything. Just smile and wave.”
“So no talking?”
Thomas smirked. “There will be talking. Minimal. I have a team of writers already working on what you'll say. You'll only need read from a script. And the interviewers will have their own script to read from. We've thought about producing all the interviews in the studio, but we need to have you out among the public. And knowing you already, you're more than smart enough for the bit of memorization you might have to do when speaking live.”
“Can't say I ever thought I had the face for a camera.”
Thomas pulled back. “What? You're a natural. Just keep doing what you've been doing for the last twenty years. That's the Ray people already know and love. We've been piecing together fighting videos from you and your fellow Marines. You're already a star, Ray. We'll be making you a superstar. When the people see you supporting The Corporation, that will make The Corporation a superstar too.
Thomas sat back in his chair, clasping his hands behind his head. “Ray, this is all coming together just as my father envisioned. First, we reorganize the government. That is practically done. Next, we'll be reorganizing the people.”
“Reorganizing the people? What's that mean exactly?”
Thomas leaned forward, placing his hands on his desk. “It means every citizen will go through a battery of tests to determine their aptitudes and abilities. With the results, workers will be realigned into positions they can excel and succeed at.
“Imagine a customer service representative who is always smiling and helpful. Or a shuttle-taxi driver who's courteous and always gets you to where you are going on time. Or a factory worker who has the finger dexterity needed for fine detail work, being the one doing the fine detail work.
“Ray, when all this comes together, you will see an empire that is excelling in productivity, knowledge, and success. We will all be winners, Ray. Everything will be optimum.”
Thomas was enthusiastic. But I had a hard time believing his father's vision would become our reality. In the Union, people were free to seek work wherever they wanted. This new Corporation plan would force them into a job depending on how they tested. I had to imagine if you were having a bad day when you took the tests, or if you were one of those people who were stellar at what they did, but terrible test-takers, you would not be happy with the results. For any one person to be a winner, there had to be at least one loser.
Ideologically, the corporate vision was a sound theory, but in practice it would never work. We were humans and humans were prone to mistakes, bad moods, greed, sloth and any number of other issues, on any given day. The closed system of assigned rank in society had failed a thousand times over. I had no confidence it would be successful here.
There was no substitute for the feeling of accomplishment or failure had from individual liberty. It had allowed humanity to grow and expand to the stars. Over time, the best of the best naturally rose to the top. We would now be facing an empire where the best at one period in time were plucked out and placed at the top. It would not be the utopia the Goodalls envisioned. But I was only one man. One broken man. I wondered where I would end up being assigned when the propaganda and marketing blitz was over.
Thomas directed me to go to my hotel and to report back to the executive tower in the morning. He would take me to an auditorium for lessons where they would teach me the proper way to read from scripts. Thomas assured me I would have no difficulties, I only had to be myself. I wondered how long that assurance would hold.
When I got back to the hotel, I settled in for the evening. I grabbed a bowl of cut fruit, a spoon, and a napkin from the kitchen before plopping down on a couch in front of a display. The news feeds had nothing but smiling, happy faces going over the day's events. I counted dozens of times where The Corporation was thanked for coming to our rescue. The fruit was sweet, but my attitude soured after less than an hour.
I let out a sigh as I looked toward the corner of the room—at the stack of boxes containing my personal belongings. For whatever reason, the bag with the Togmal rifle grabbed my attention. I walked over and pulled it from the bag. It was the first time I had held the trophy since packing it for Denise to take back to Demos.
A mental image of picking it from ship debris on Echelon and firing it at a dead Togmal came to mind. That naturally led to Denise using it in an attempted defense on her fatal ride out. But instead of breaking down, I no longer felt the sadness from before. I wondered if my visit to Demos had finally allowed me to begin to heal. I had suffered for over twenty years. Perhaps that had been long enough.
As I glanced down at the rifle, I noticed the casing had split. I also had the sudden realization this rifle was unlike the thousands of other Togmal rifles I had come across during the decades-long war. It was more compact, similar to ours. The power cell was a different shape, but the same size as those on our blaster rifles. I shrugged, guessing maybe it was an early model.
As I looked at the split more closely, I followed it with my finger. It ran most of the length of the gun. I retrieved my spoon from the bowl of fruit and pried at the split. The casing fell open.
I stared at the exposed circuits which converted the energy in the power cell into the plasma bolts we found so destructive. I had to blink twice when I realized the components looked remarkably similar to those manufactured by humans—although missing any markings or designations. The weapon then split fully open, dumping debris on the floor, including a small puddle of an oily substance.
“Ugh. Way to go, Ray. Now you have a mess.”
I rolled my eyes as I retrieved a trashcan and laid it on its side on the floor. Using my hand, I swept the pieces into it. Both halves of the shell were stuffed into the can next. I grabbed my napkin and wiped up the puddle of oil before tossing it in with the rest of the parts. I walked to the kitchen to wash my hands, leaving the remains of the rifle in the trash. It wasn't a trophy I needed, nor one I had ever wanted.
My thoughts returned to the news feeds as a special announcement was being made. After several minutes of talking gibberish, the announcement turned out to be more propaganda. Disgusted, I flipped the feed off and went to bed.
I spent the following day with Thomas, going over techniques used for memorization. The last half of the day was nothing more than practice. By the time I returned to the hotel, I was mentally exhausted.
As I walked into my kitchen for a snack, I noticed the trashcan was empty. For whatever reason, I stood and stared, thinking about the rifle. I furrowed my brow as a strange thought entered my mind. What if the components of that weapon had actually been human designed? What if they were part of a grand conspiracy between the corporations and the Togmal? I had to chuckle.
“Come on, Ray. Even as narcissistic as that group is, there is no way they could have pulled that off.”
I opened a beverage and headed over to watch the evening's news feeds. I made a game of counting the propaganda-praise being heaped on The Corporation by the talking heads. The first hour had twenty-six such instances. I fell asleep before the second hour finished.
My dreams that night, and most nights, had a familiar theme. I was fighting Togmal. No matter how many times I was victorious over them, more were always waiting just around the next corner. The dreamland fight had become my new normal.

~~~~~

What's Next
_______________________

This Human is asking for your help! If you enjoyed this book, please leave a review on the site where it was purchased. And by all means, please tell your friends! Any help with spreading the word is highly appreciated! Find out when the next exciting release is available by joining the email list at comments@arsenex.com. I have a free science fiction eBook short story, titled “THE SQUAD”, waiting for anyone who sends an email to that address. Visit the author’s website at www.arsenex.com for links to this series and other works.
The following preview of the next book in the series is provided for your reading pleasure. I hope you enjoy!

Stephen

(Turn the page)


(Preview)
CORPORATION WARS
(Vol. 2)
A Rebel
_______________________

The war was over and yet I couldn't sleep. I needed the rest, but my mind wouldn't allow it. My wife's and daughter's deaths had been avenged, but that result came with no satisfaction. And now with The Corporation refusing to return control as promised... I felt as though everything in my life was spiraling out of control.
Was I a hero or was I helpless? Would I find gratification being the symbol of a government I didn't believe in? Or would that government turn out to be the best for everyone? I guessed only time would tell.
I spent the next three weeks in training for the first grand speaking tour. I loathed the process. I had to endlessly listen to a linguist as she practiced a speech, refined it, and gave it again. I only had a dozen lines. Each was memorized to the point where I knew exactly when to speak, when to frown, or when to feign sadness or anger. I practiced my tone and the inflections in my voice to perfection, hating every minute of the experience.
Robert Fontnoy was the assigned moderator with the spokesperson, linguist job, going to Leanne Trimble. Both were skilled in their professions. During each speech, Robert would lead a discussion and throw the occasional easy question my way, while Leanne would talk almost endlessly. We were told we would go in front of crowds as large as fifty thousand.
The rallies would center on a celebration of the demise of the Togmal—along with a healthy dose of praise for The Corporation. It was also at these rallies where The Corporation let it be known they would maintain power, at least until things settled.
The people weren't complaining. They had jobs and were happy to revel in winning a great victory. But I wondered, was it a great victory? Or did The Corporation’s continued cling to power make it hollow? I began to ponder if any others might share my apprehension of The Corporation’s control.
Our initial speech was on Earth. It was my first time to the planet where it all began. As we came toward the ground in our shuttle, I could see the massive domed city of London. The dome covered nearly a third of the southeastern portion of the island.
A billion people lived there—squeezed into cramped quarters. It was a necessity as the dome was surrounded by endless fields. There, automated machines planted and harvested food, and tended to livestock. Beyond providing for Earth’s citizens, selling nourishment to the other colonies was big business.
I thought about how I preferred the open-air colonies like Demos. Life on Earth, living in domes, was little different from what I had experienced on Echelon. But owning property on earth was an expensive proposition. Except for the exclusive few, all housing was rentals, owned by the corporations.
Our shuttle headed toward the main spaceport for the London megalopolis.
Robert asked, “Have you ever been to Earth?”
I shook my head. “First time.”
“The food is wonderful. I would have to say the best in the colonies. Far superior to those nutrilogs you favor.”
“Hey, don't knock my logs. They've kept me going for the last twenty years. How long is our stay?”
“Eighteen days. We'll be giving that speech we practiced at forty-six venues, visiting twenty-eight of these domed cities. Did you know most of the video streams in the empire are still produced in the Los Angeles and London domes? If we had the time, the London facility is a most entertaining tour. Unfortunately, we will be quite busy.”
“The speech is only forty-minutes. What else will we be doing?”
“Smiling, nodding, and shaking hands, I'm afraid. Each of these speeches will be followed by a four-hour meet-and-greet with the people. But don't worry, all that is required of you is to smile and nod. Mr. Goodall insisted that you not be allowed to shake hands. I believe it is intended as a snub to the Earthers. For decades they have looked down on the Aarlis Corporation and our headquarters on New Hope. This will be a modest dose of payback.”
Robert placed his hand on my arm. “I ask that you please not repeat that. It is difficult at times to know what information the Goodalls want disseminated. Not knowing makes it best to not say anything, but as I just demonstrated, I sometimes have difficulty holding my tongue.
I nodded. “You do like to talk.”
Robert smiled. “My wife says the same, unfortunately, it is how I make my living.”
I glanced over at Leanne. “You look nervous.”
“I detest flying.”
I smirked. “Looks like you picked the wrong career.”
“Sometimes we must do things we don't care to do. All in the name of career advancement, of course.”
I sighed. “Yeah, can't say this is my first choice for careers.”
Leanne turned from her forward look of restrained terror. “I love every bit of what I do, Mr. Jackson. Just not the flying part.”
“Call me Ray. No need for formalities with me. That goes for you too, Robert. It's Ray from now on.”
Robert nodded. “Absolutely. Sir Rayford Jackson.”
“Just Ray. And please tell me they didn't ask you to call me Sir Rayford Jackson.”
“I won't tell then.” A smile followed.
I groaned. “Listen. Both of you. It's just Ray. Plain old Ray. I'm just another person. Nobody special.”
Leanne attempted a smile, still struggling with the flight. “The Goodalls think you're special. The hero of the Togmal War. And at the moment, what they say is law.”
“Well, they aren't here, so, it's just Ray, okay? I feel enough pressure as it is. I'd like to be just another person when in private.”
Robert pursed his lips. “I'm sorry, sir. We have our orders.”
Leanne countered, “I'll call you Ray.”
Robert, sitting on my opposite side, looked around me toward Leanne. “Ms. Trimble. Might I remind you The Corporation has ears.” He leaned across me and lowered his voice. “I won't be making any initial reports, but I will answer truthfully if asked about your behavior. You would do well to adhere to the rules as given.”
I held up a hand. “Not looking to get anyone in trouble. Just both of you though, when in private, please call me Ray.”
Leanne agreed. “Done.”
Robert frowned as he returned to his seat back. “If you wish.”
The shuttle settled with a thump. A rush of air and a hum signaled the hatch had opened and the ramp was lowering. An aide of the London Governor, Dolan Mitts, was waiting on the deck to assist us. As we walked down the ramp, he greeted the others and then took my hand. I was uncertain of his intentions. I had to hold in my shock when he knelt, pulled my hand toward himself, and kissed the back.
“Sir Jackson. It is such an honor.”
“I'm just a guy like everyone else.” I wasn't certain as to how to react.
Dolan stood and turned to the others. “And he's humble. This will play well with the crowds.”
Dolan walked ahead while chatting with Robert as I followed behind with Leanne.
I wiped the back of my hand. “That was creepy.”
Leanne nodded. “Expect some of these people to treat you like royalty, that's still a tradition around here. The Corporation has been running non-stop clips of your heroics. An especially popular clip is the one on Richland where you saved that woman and her child from the Togmal rising out of the debris, by shooting his head off. I cried when they reunited with their husband and father. They even have an interview of her praising how you risked your life to save them.”
“What?” I paused my walk for half a step in disbelief. “That's not how that went down.”
Leanne leaned her head to one side and offered a half smile. “It's what they are feeding the masses. And it sells. I've seen the ratings results and you are probably the most popular person in all the colonies right now.”
“They doctored the interview with that woman. I saved their lives, but minutes later we were ordered to withdraw from Richland, leaving all the civilians behind. The Togmal came in after us and slaughtered everyone. That woman wouldn't have been alive to give any interview.”
I shook my head at the thought. “Only a handful of us Marines made it out when one of our gunships came in and eliminated the Togmal surrounding us. The entire fleet pulled out from Richland only a few minutes later. The four thousand civilians we had managed to save were butchered, the entire population exterminated.”
“What about the early attack on Echelon? The one where you boarded the ship just after it landed and proceeded to kill a dozen of them?”
“What? Echelon? That didn't happen either. I stumbled out of a fractured dome into the wreckage of a Togmal ship. Our private security force shot it down. The Togmal were all dead before I got to them.”
“They show you spitting on one and then blasting him in the gut.”
“I spat on a dead one. And I picked up a blaster and fired a plasma round into a dead body. But nothing heroic happened because of me. I was a victim.”
“Well, they have you as a hero. And what about your run through Bitma Station? That was an action-packed scene. I even cheered and cried as our fleet destroyed that last Togmal ship.”
I sighed. “Yeah, that one happened. I lost my best friend there—and please tell me they didn't show that. Art Mayhew, now he was a hero. I can't tell you how many times he saved my life.”
“I take it you've not seen any of the vids?”
“It was nightmare enough being there. Why would I want to relive any of that? Sounds like they aren't putting out the real story, anyway.”
Leanne glanced over her shoulder to make certain no one was within earshot. “Doesn't sound like you are big on The Corporation.”
I hesitated to respond. My dealings with the Goodalls had taught me to be careful about what I said. I knew Thomas had people reporting back to him, spies so to speak. And with such a high-profile position on the tour, I had to believe she was loyal to the Goodalls.
“Should we be discussing this?” I raised an eyebrow.
She leaned closer. “I like to think I've always been a good judge of character. You seem honest. And most of the video I've seen looks real, which makes you a hero in anyone's view. And while I admire the Goodalls and The Corporation for all they've done to win this war, I have to wonder if we're on the right side here.”
A part of me felt as though this was another test of my loyalty. But I liked to think I was a good judge of character too. Leanne seemed genuine. I glanced over at the side of her face. For the first time in ages, I saw a woman who I found attractive. And even though physically appealing, it was more of an attraction in the mental sense. I liked her attitude.
I blurted out. “I'm not overly fond of them, the Goodalls. I mean, I want to like them, but there is something about them that makes me back away. I went to school with Thomas for four years. Seemed like a good guy, but maybe I was just young and naïve. He turned into a different person on Echelon. And his sister? Whoa. She's a number.”
Leanne smiled while still looking forward. “Your secret is safe with me... Ray.”
“So, I take it you aren't happy with The Corporation?”
“I haven't decided yet. I see both sides. On one hand, they did win us this war. And people are relatively happy and going about their lives. Crime is down. But there seems to be restrictions on a lot of things that have me wary.”
“Such as?”
“Such as us having this conversation. Used to be it was something you might get fired for. Now? They're calling it subversive and threatening prison. That doesn't seem like a good development. So, to me, the jury is still out on all this.”
I went into the first speech with a better attitude. I felt as though I had made a friend with some of the same misgivings about our new government as I had. The speech went well with crowds cheering and both Robert and Leanne each doing an excellent job of representing The Corporation. By the end of the event, I almost wanted to believe the rhetoric myself.
We spent our next four hours at the after party, the official term was meet-and-greet. As Robert stated, I didn't have to shake a single hand. I smiled and nodded. Anyone who wanted a photo with the hero of the Togmal War was directed to a life-size polymite cutout. I had to shake my head when I learned that photos with the cutout cost a premium, The Corporation not missing an opportunity to make a few credits.
We had a second speech in London that day and another three during the days following. We departed for the Munich dome just after. For me, it was the same dozen phrases each time. I smiled. I nodded. I stood on-view as directed. After twenty years on the battlefield, it was as far from a fight as one could get. It could not have been more boring.
The crowds had swelled past our expectations, some requiring extra security to keep the people from rushing the stage. Everyone we met seemed happy. I found it difficult to not be inspired.
It was on the Munich tour when I first developed feelings for Leanne. She was both funny and smart. I had always found a strong personality attractive. And from what I could tell, she was exhibiting a mutual appreciation for me. After a day of speeches and meet-and-greets, I asked her to dinner. I was more than delighted when she accepted.
With a new distraction in my life, the eighteen days on Earth passed in rapid succession. By all accounts, the tour had been a tremendous success. When ordered back to New Hope instead of continuing to our next venue, I could only imagine it was for a surprise congratulations. While special thanks for our efforts happened on the day of our arrival, the following morning came with a twist.

~~~~~

Once again, this Human is asking for your help! If you enjoyed the book, please leave a review on the site where it was purchased or downloaded. And by all means, please tell your friends! Any help with spreading the word is highly appreciated!
Also, I have a free science fiction eBook short story, titled “THE SQUAD”, waiting for anyone who joins my email list! By joining, also find out when the next exciting release is available. Join at comments@arsenex.com. Visit the author’s website at www.arsenex.com for links to this series and other works!

Take care and have a great day!
Stephen
