A Space Opera & Other Stories:
Sci Fi, Horror, Highwaymen & a Christmas Tale

By Anthony North

Copyright: Anthony North 2019
Cover image copyright: Yvonne North, 2019

Smashwords Edition

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission

Other books by Anthony North

Beginning in 2019 I’m publishing 14 volumes of my fiction, inc 7 novels in most genres, & 21 works of non-fiction covering cults, politics, conspiracies, religion, disasters, science, philosophy, warfare, crime, psychology, new age, green issues & all areas of the unexplained, inc ufology, lost worlds and the paranormal. Hopefully appearing at the rate of one a month, check out the latest launch at my bookstore at http://anthonynorth.com or buy direct from Smashwords for all devices at: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/anthonynorth
In addition to the above, you may like my ‘I’ Series – 8 volumes of flash fiction (horror, sci fi, romance, adventure, crime), 4 volumes of poetry & 5 volumes of short essays from politics to the unexplained. Available from same links as above. Also check out my bookstore for news of my books out in paperback.

CONTENTS

A SPACE OPERA
Prologue - Genesis
Invasion Earth
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
The Journey
Revelation
***
GHOST RIDER
SAINT HELL'S
WHO SHOT SANTA?
About the Author
Connect With Anthony

A SPACE OPERA

Prologue - GENESIS


It was saucer-shaped and silver. And as it materialized out of underspace, The Traveller brought it to rest by the planet. Piloting the craft into orbit, he couldn't but wonder at the absolute beauty of this world. Occasionally, he knew, he would find a jewel amongst the dead rocks, but even he never imagined such a magnificent world could exist.
A sunbeam caught the craft, emanating from a hydrogen-fat sun, and The Traveller felt warmth. Looking down, he perused the vast blue oceans and strained to see detail with the lush green forests which seemed to cover the lands from coast to coast. Checking his monitors, he registered an almost total lack of pollution, and this, combined with the total forest cover, told him this was a virginal world.
He smiled as he hung there between discovery and destiny.
Then, with an increasingly light heart, he nosed the craft downwards, nudging ever closer to the atmosphere. Soon, the fuselage became hot. And if any intelligent life could have been below, it would have seen the shooting star as flames seemed to engulf the craft.
The Traveller hated these moments of descent. For a while, he could not be in control of his craft; natural forces were just too powerful, even for his technologically advanced race. And it was a race that could not abide lack of control.
Eventually his fears subsided and the craft found itself in a beautiful sky. Sweeping across an ocean teeming with wildlife, he became excited as the craft skirted a coastline. Straining his eyes once more, he found movement everywhere and knew he had found an ecosystem in balance.
The Traveller felt he could ride this sky, just above the forest canopy, forever. But knew discovery was more than this. Hence, as he found a rocky clearing, he decided it was time to land.

The Primate had no understanding of technology. Hence, she had no conception of the silver craft hovering in the sky before her other than it existed and it didn't fit her world. The Primate's world was instinctual, and there was no room for sights such as this. Hence, she cowered behind the lush undergrowth on the periphery of the clearing.
The Primate was a young female. Just over five feet in height, she was powerful and covered in brown hair. Millions of years later, remains of her species would be discovered and she would be known as Australopithecus Africanus. But at this time she didn't have language to describe herself.
She stared at the silver craft through fevered eyes.
Instinctively, she sniffed at the air, hoping to pick up its scent; give her an indication of whether the craft could be malevolent or benevolent. But she sensed nothing she understood from the air, other than a faint hint of ozone. But this, predictably, told her nothing.
Before her eyes the silver craft seemed to stop its revolving, and slowly - ever so slowly - it began to sink towards the earth. Finally, it came to land with a gentle hiss, and a silence descended over the clearing. The Primate didn't know what to do during this silence, so she just stared, wondering if the craft was staring back at her.
Finally, the silence ended and an opening appeared in the side of the craft. And as the pilot emerged, she howled.

The Traveller had already analyzed the atmosphere before he landed, and knew the air was breathable. The planet was slightly larger than his home world, so he knew the gravitational pull would take time to get used to. For a while, movement would be slow and laborious, but he was prepared for that.
Almost as soon as he landed he felt the urge to get out of the craft and explore. Hence, rushing through his post-flight checks, he quickly opened the hatch.
He squinted his big, black, bug-like eyes as the brightness of day met him. Then he pushed out his short, grey, blubbery legs and emerged. Some four feet tall, The Traveller was completely grey, and he knew he had to be careful for his was a slight species, physically - almost, to many worlds, fetal.
He heard the howl almost straight away and his long, pointy ears pricked back, and slowly his grey, blubbery face turned in the direction of the noise. The Primate stiffened as The Traveller saw her. She felt an urge to run, but for some reason felt unable.
The Traveller knew well the reason for her inactivity. For to make up for physical weakness, his species had perfected psychism and mind control. And from the moment The Traveller had placed his bug-like stare upon her, she was his to command.
Slowly, laboriously, The Traveller edged towards her. And as she stood there before him, he noted her full breasts, and an urge arose within him. It had been many eons since he had tasted the pleasure of a female.
He expressed this thought and it emerged in The Primate's mind and she fell on her back and opened her legs. The Traveller became fevered by this power, and as he approached her, his fat, blubbery member emerged from inside his body. And with an obvious arousal on his face, he mounted her.
It would be wrong to say The Primate was hurt and confused as The Traveller thrust deep inside her. These were thoughts she was incapable of having. But unease did arise in her mind. She knew it was not right, and as her mind commanded her body to struggle, she nonetheless found that her body would not be commanded. Rather, she was in the total psychic grip of the monster, and it was not until he had finished, stood up and moved away that her urges transformed into action and she scurried away, howling.
She retreated back into the undergrowth, a pain evident within her. It was a pain she didn't understood, following an action she didn't understand, and as she crouched there, behind a bush, she looked out with non-understanding eyes on the grey creature.

She watched The Traveller for a long time as he went about his business, looking here, looking there as he explored. Never going too far from the silver craft, he knew she was there, but totally ignored her, now his thirst had been satiated.
Eventually, an emotion akin to anger arose in The Primate, although she could not have understood it as anger. Maybe it was the first appearance of a new self-preservation; a forewarning that she must protect herself from future attack.
Whatever the thoughts in her head, it soon became apparent to The Primate that The Traveller was absent-mindedly approaching her again. Perhaps, on a new planet, it was his fatal mistake.
 The attack, when it came, caught The Traveller unprepared. With huge hands raised, she dived at The Traveller and floored him with ease. And as she stood by him on her haunches, her long, powerful arms brought those hands down again and again. And as The Traveller's pained body died, the craft lit up momentarily with a fierce light, sending its awareness of pain through space and time, before slowly becoming still.

The Primate wandered for many months. They were confusing months for her, as she didn't understand the swelling belly she carried with her. Often her wanderings were curtailed by her growing illness, a weakness taking her over and forcing her to rest.
As she wandered, she several times came upon groups of her own kind. But every time she approached they seemed to shoo her away. She didn't understand why, and neither did they. They simply knew that something was now different about her.
Eventually, waves of pain shot through her, centred in her abdomen, and she was forced to rest. Yet as the waves of pain consumed her, she understood that rest would be a long time away.
The head, when it emerged, puzzled her. But instinct began to take over and soon she cuddled her child to her breast. And maybe now she realized why she had been shunned by her kind ... for she looked upon the face of manchild.

INVASION EARTH

Chapter One

Nicholson gave his back pack a final boost and he edged forward to make contact with the satellite. Staring out through his space helmet, he concentrated on the grab and connected his line to it. It had been a tricky manoeuvre, but he had made it.
'Mission Control. Phase one complete.'
He waited several seconds for a reply. 'Roger,' said Mission Control, a tinny voice in his ear. 'Well done.' 
He wanted to wipe sweat from his brow, but knew it was impossible. Space suits stop little bits of human experience like that. So instead, he allowed himself an exultant 'yes!' and pretended to push a triumphal fist to the sky. Not that that was possible either. The sky was many miles below him.
It was his fifth mission with NASA and Nicholson had still not got over that initial fear of hanging, alone, so many miles above Earth. The veterans told him he never would. ‘It isn't natural,' they said, 'hanging around like that in space. But, hey, we're astronauts. The cream.'
And it was true. At the cutting edge of adventure and science, NASA was the place to be. But he still kept looking out along the dark void to the Orion craft, Fearless, his sentinel just a couple of miles away.
Nicholson was over six feet tall with a toned body, jet black hair and razor sharp mind. Sharpening his teeth as a USAF pilot flying F.16s, he had first made a name for himself flying combat missions in the Iraq War. And whilst he had enjoyed the experience, he always knew fighters were simply a stepping stone to this. Although as he turned off the booster on his back pack, he couldn't help but hope that one day servicing the satellite would give way to the biggie. One day, he hoped, he'd make it to Mars.

'Will someone please turn down the heat.'
Mr H sat in the Jeep, a hot African sun burning down on him. With fair skin and short blonde hair, he was not built for this kind of punishment. Twenty five years of age with thick, dark rimmed glasses, he was slight of build and what could only be classed as a nerd - which was inevitable, being Bill Gates's fifth cousin – or so he often made out.
'You'll live,' said Gee, stood by the Jeep with his hands on hips.
'That, my friend, is a matter of opinion.'
Physically, Gee was everything that Mr H was not. Tall and dark haired and good looking, he was thirty five years of age, British, and an ex RAF helicopter pilot - although he had aimed much higher than that, making it to the British contingent of NASA, until …
'Well if Donovan doesn't hurry up and get here,' said Mr H, ‘I’m leaving.'
Gee smiled as he looked at his friend. Always moaning was Mr H, always something to complain about - but that aside, he had never met a braver man.
'He'll be here,' he said, as he looked once more into the hot African sky.

Nicholson's problem was not a hot African sky, but a lack of sky and a most definite absence of heat. Although the space suit compensated for both, that urge to be in a normal environment just would not leave him.
'It's not a jaunt,' said Mission Control in his ear. He cursed. What was wrong with him today?
'Sorry,' he said.
'You're behind schedule,' Mission Control replied.
Maybe it was the routine following five missions, or maybe he just couldn't get Mars out of his head. But Nicholson was finding himself bored. And in space, if the adrenalin of excitement didn't pump, nonchalance and melancholy soon set in, and performance suffered, as such.
He pulled himself together; reached down; took out the spanner. Gripping it tight, he reached over and placed it on the first nut of the panel. 
'Beginning on the panel now,' he said.
'About time.' 
At least, he thought, I'm here. Which is more than can be said about …

'Gee.'
Nicholson was at the controls of the Lear Jet. It had been their last break before the final two weeks intensive training prior to the first Fearless mission. Beside him, Gee was almost day-dreaming. He often did that, hardly able to believe his luck at being picked for NASA. He looked sideways at Nicholson. Said: 'What?'
'Do you feel the buzz? You know, thinking about going up into space?'
Gee smiled. 'How can you not feel it?'
'You know,' continued Nicholson, 'If I never do anything else in my life, I'll feel I've really achieved something.'
'I know what you mean.'
A silence descended then. It was like that between Nicholson and Gee. They seemed to work so well together that words were not really needed, as if they had some kind of psychic bond. Maybe that's what the NASA psychologists had been looking for when they married these two together as a 'team'.
The hypnotic effect of the flight added to the silence; to the dreamy effect. The Lear Jet was a quiet machine, and flying at night in a clear sky, with only the stars above, it could easily be seen as if you were flying to heaven.
Momentarily, Nicholson looked down at the scope, making sure he had clear space to his front. He did this far more often than he needed to. Maybe it was his fighter training, where the Head-up Display gave a continual image of the scope in front of the eyes. Yes, that was it, he thought, I need to see that scope all the time when I'm flying.
Not that there could be anything on the scope this night. They were not in a commercial lane, and only military and NASA traffic flew in this region of airspace. But as Sod's Law would have it, no matter how often Nicholson looked down at the scope, it was inevitable he would miss a contact when it came.
'What's that?' said Gee as he looked absent-mindedly at the scope.
Nicholson immediately snapped his head down, saw the silver blip, alone in empty space.
'I don't know,' he said, clicking the mike to transmit.
'Flight 429 to Control,' he said.
'Control here.'
'You got anything on screen?'
'Negative, Flight 429.'
'Strange,' said Nicholson, feeling a slight nervousness at the unexplained contact.
'It's moving fast,' said Gee, also feeling the tension.
Nicholson agreed. 'I know. It's flying too darn fast.'
The contact raced across the scope. Gee calculated it must be travelling at least ten thousand miles per hour.
'That's ridiculous,' said Nicholson.
'I know. But look at it.'
Seconds later, a bright, silver light appeared to port, and as the saucer-shaped craft whizzed past their front, Nicholson offered an expletive and pulled hard to starboard.

Chapter Two

'What the hell's that?' said Mr H as he sat bolt upright in the Jeep.
Gee was used to Mr H’s sudden utterances of urgency, so didn't react immediately.
'What is it now?' he asked, impatiently.
Mr H was stood rigid on his seat, his eyes ablaze and a scrawny arm extended towards the bush.
Sighing, Gee turned and looked in Mr H’s indicated direction. And he had to admit that he could hardly believe his eyes either. Rushing to the back of the Jeep, he grabbed his rifle, and in the same instant went down on one knee and aimed.
Some one hundred yards away, the lion seemed undisturbed by the commotion. It just stood there, staring at them.
The shock of the sighting over, combined with the obvious fact that the lion didn't seem to be doing anything in particular, Mr H relaxed.
'What a beauty,' he said, almost whimsically.
'What!!?' said Gee, the fear of the moment transferred to him.
Mr H sighed. 'Oh, come on, Gee, put that down.'
'You must be joking.'
'Here pussy, pussy.'
'Pack it in.'
The stand-off between Gee, Mr H and the lion lasted only a few seconds, but to Gee it was an eternity. Then, as innocently as the lion first appeared, it turned tail and disappeared into the bush.
Intrigued by the event, Gee and Mr H raced from the Jeep and ran up the hill just a short distance away, in the hope of spying the lion once more. But instead of a single lion, they were at first horrified to see an entire pride.
'And what the hell do we do now?' asked Gee, thinking it’s about time they made a hasty retreat in the Jeep.
Mr H, deciding he was the one thinking straight now, said: 'Give me the binoculars.'
Placing them to his eyes, he squinted and looked.
The man was walking calmly in the middle of the pride. Focusing on him, Mr H noted his nakedness other than a pair of khaki shorts. And surrounding the man's head was a bushy beard and shoulder length hair the colour of ebony.
'Don't worry,' he said. 'It's Donovan. He's on his way.'

Nicholson and Gee looked, first, at each other, and then back along the desk to the Director. A lean man with a dark suit and authoritative face, he had been talking for nearly five minutes, the Incident Report in his hands. Finally, he said: ‘So it comes down to this. I either send this report on and you're out, or I bury it and you're in.'
Thoughts buzzed in Gee's mind. He was a fortnight away from space - the realization of a dream. How could he miss out on such an opportunity? But a nasty taste surfaced at the back of his mouth.
He liked to think of himself as a moral being, did Gee. He had always been truthful and always done what he thought was right. But miss out on space .. ?
Thoughts also buzzed round Nicholson's head. He, too, had come a long way. He, too, had dreamed a long time about space. And he, too, had been brought up with a moral conscience. But maybe the battle was not quite as harsh in his head. Maybe ambition was the over-riding factor in his life.
'It's make-your-mind-up time,' said the Director.
Gee held his breath. Thought about what he'd be giving up. Said: 'I'm sorry. I know what I saw. And I'm not prepared to ignore it.'
The Director turned to Nicholson. 'And you?'
'Well, sir,' said Nicholson, 'I really don't know what Gee's talking about. A contact?' He shook his head. 'Don't remember that.'
So that's it, thought Gee. He stood up. Stormed out. Hit the wall.
Moments later, Nicholson came out of the office. 'I'm sorry, Gee. There was nothing I could do,' he said.
In reply, Gee swung round and hit Nicholson clean in the mouth.
The next few weeks were a torrent of emotion and booze for Gee. Kicked out of the space program and then told it might be a good idea to resign his Queen's commission, his whole world fell apart. And for what?
Because he wasn't prepared to say he hadn't seen a UFO, which couldn't have existed in the first place. In fact, that was the only certainty about the whole business. But as the booze went down his throat, he even began to doubt that.
I did see it, he said to himself over and over again. And so did Nicholson. He dived to avoid it. It was there.
But how could he prove it?
How indeed? But in asking the question, Gee found a way out of his own dive, and put him on the course that was to change his life.
It began in a bookshop - amongst the more, shall we say, exotic topics.
'UFOs Revealed,' it was called; and the author was the pseudonymous Mr H.
'Do you believe all that crap?' Gee asked, several days later, Mr H finally tracked down.
Mr H thought a while, played with a pen. 'Believe? Now there's a question. If I do believe, do I believe I believe or know I believe. And if I don't believe, is such scepticism a reality or a belief?'
Gee had met a friend. They were very different, but fate had brought them together. The ex-astronaut and the Ufologist, combined in a continuing quest for the truth. And as Gee settled down to the life of a flying saucer chaser, he soon realized it could be as exciting as being an astronaut.
As a pride of lions, heading ever closer to him, proved.

Chapter Three

Madison Baines sipped at her coffee absent mindedly. She hated London; the hustle and bustle, the noise, the indifference of a mass of individuals pretending to be a community. But she had no option to be there this day. Her father, a minor government official, had demanded it. And even as she sat in the cafe, sipping her coffee following his demand, the old sod was still late.
Through the window, she watched the tower which held Big Ben. The central symbol of Britain, it offered a hint of pride to everyone who looked at it. In a mad, fast world, here was a symbol of stability and a promise that no matter what it felt like, time went on in its same continual fashion; neither fast nor slow, just tick, tock, tick.
Madison Baines was twenty seven years of age with long, honey blonde hair and blue eyes. Possessing a well-toned, fully rounded figure and a beautiful if not pretty face, she was a forceful woman who didn't suffer fools or lateness. Hence, she sighed when her father failed to show up.
Another five minutes and I'm off, she said to herself, but ordered another coffee instead.

'You must be Dee,' said Donovan, his wild hair blowing in a hot, sultry breeze, the half dozen lions circling him as if bodyguards.
Nervously, Gee said: 'The name's Gee. Not Dee.'
'As you wish.'
'And I'm Mr H,' said Mr H, holding out a friendly hand to be shook.
A lion bounded, roared, and the hand retreated.
Donovan laughed. 'Don't worry, kid. Not enough meat on yer.'
Mr H felt affronted. Not at the lion, but being called a kid. He said: 'I do hope we're not here on a wild goose chase.'
Donovan sat on a rock, spread his well-tanned legs, crossed his arms. He said: 'You're Ufologists, aren't you?'
'Yes.'
'Well I've found a flying saucer.'

Or had the flying saucer found him?
It had begun a fortnight before. At nearly seventy years of age, Donovan had lived in Africa most of his life. Initially, he had gone to the continent as a young man, in search of adventure. He had found adventure and also love, settling down to the life of the Safari, returning to his wife and home four times a year for the comfort of a woman.
For many years this had sustained him, until his wife was murdered by tribesmen, and ecological organizations made it impossible to go on hunting. For a while he took tourists into the wilds, shooting cameras, but it had proved unsatisfying for him.
Change then came in two forms. First of all, he began his famous lion sanctuary, and second, he immersed himself in ancient African tribal custom. And it was at this point that he realized he had a natural empathy for the land and people; an empathy that led him to research, and later practice in, magic, proving to be a natural psychic.
It was in this phase of his life that he heard of the myth of the world egg that had come out of the sky and seeded man.
It was an ancient myth that survived throughout Africa, and Donovan was convinced that, some time in the deep past, something had happened that burrowed its way so deep into the human psyche that he had to find out what it was.
Travelling far around the remaining ancient tribes, he had been on out of the body spirit quests with witchdoctors, forever in search of the shreds of evidence that could lead him down his path. And as he realized the legends seemed to be more numerous and powerful in this particular region of east Africa, he centred his search here. And then, a fortnight ago, he began to see the saucers.

'And when you say saucers, what exactly do you mean?' asked Mr H.
'Silver craft, hovering and darting about above me. Flying saucer shaped, with what looks like an egg in the middle.'
Gee asked: 'And how often did you see them?'
Donovan scratched his head. 'Nearly every day. And I was convinced they were trying to tell me something.'
'Tell you what?'
'To follow.'
'And I assume you did.'
'I did.'
Gee was sceptical, to say the least. But Donovan had not, yet, finished his story.
'So what finally happened?' asked Mr H.
'Two weeks ago, a saucer appeared above me over that rise and refused to let me go.’
Gee whistled. 'It what?'
'Refused to let me go.'
'And how did it do that?'
'Don't ask me. I just couldn't move.'
'Until when?'
'Until I began to dig.'
'And what did you find when you began to dig?'
'The world egg.'

Madison Baines had had enough of waiting. She was not used to it - except when it came to her father. He had always kept her waiting. He had always been too busy for her. Maybe that's why she became such an unconventional woman - was never guided, never filled with affection, never loved.
Well no more, she said to herself, suddenly standing from the table and storming out of the cafe.
The noises of London were amplified as she emerged on the street. People rushed past her this way and that, and she longed to be back in the wilds where she enjoyed herself most and worked.
Attired in jeans and sweat shirt, she had tried her best to look right for London, but even this was impossible for Madison Baines. Perhaps she should have been a man.
She looked at her watch. Realized there were several hours before her train, and thought, oh well, may as well do some shopping. But she knew it would be a distraction, rather than a necessity.

'Well I think he's talking a load of crap,' said Gee as he and Mr H followed Donovan and his lions.
Mr H was not so sure. Thinking deeply, he said: 'You know I'm a great believer in myths. Somewhere, amongst them, is a bit of truth.'
'Yea, fair enough. But this?'
'Look, Gee, we came from Africa. We know that. The first men were definitely Africans. So I suppose they would also have the oldest mythologies. And maybe the oldest mythologies are closer to the truth than the rest.'
'You mean, you think he might have found something?'
'I'm not saying that. All I'm saying is that he's right about the importance of the world egg in African mythology. You find it all over the continent. And the simple fact is a flying saucer could easily have been mistaken for a kind of egg to ancient, superstitious people.'
'Well I'm not convinced,' said Gee as they began to walk down the other side of the rise.

Prime Minister Jones preferred to escape to Chequers as often as he could. He found his official country residence far better for work than the hustle and bustle of No 10; and it gave him and his family the space to be a family for a change. But no matter how hard he tried, he still couldn't get away from advisors, dispatch boxes and that bloody telephone.
'I agree Mr President,' he said, as he sat on a big leather settee, a telephone in hand and a posse of officials surrounding him, 'but if we are to intervene, I really think the SAS should go in first. After all, we are all aware of the deficiencies of Delta Force. They all think they're bloody film stars.'
He moved the telephone away from his ear for the beginning of the response. Waiting for it to pass, he said: 'As you say, Mr President. I'll tell you what, I'll fly over there in a couple of days. See if I can cool the troubles a bit.'
The conversation over, Prime Minister Jones sighed. It was a thankless task being a politician. He couldn't remember who said that all political careers end in failure. But he knew it to be true.
His belly rumbling for want of food, and his eyes tired through lack of sleep, he sighed once more, and picked up a pile of papers from the next dispatch box.

Gee and Mr H stood in wonder as they reached the ad hoc excavation. Donovan stood a little way behind them, his hands on hips and head held high in triumph. The lions paced in circles, and all of them couldn't help but notice they were becoming increasingly excitable and agitated.
'Do you believe it now?' asked Mr H.
And Gee had to admit that, perhaps, he did.
The excavation was perhaps thirty feet in diameter and ten feet deep. And sticking out of the bottom of the man-made crater was what could only be described as the leading edge of a bright silvery, saucer-shaped craft.
'How big do you think it is?' asked Gee, amazed.
Mr H did a quick calculation in his head. 'Well,' he said, 'going by the curvature of the exposed part, I'd say it has a diameter of about forty feet.'
Following this initial deduction, the two Ufologists just stood there in silence, as if the emotion of the event had been overwhelming. Eventually, Donovan took the lead and jumped into the pit. 'Well, I don't know about you two, but I think it's about time we did something.'
Mr H brought himself back to reality. 'You mean, dig it out?' he said.
'Not yet,' replied Donovan. 'Come here.'
Carefully, and a little begrudgingly, Gee and Mr H jumped into the pit beside Donovan, who went on to say: 'Look at this. If I'm not mistaken, it is a kind of handle for a hatch.'
Mr H put his face close to the slight protrusion on the mainframe of the craft. Touching it lightly, he realized it gave a little. 'I think you're right,' he said, and stood back.
Donovan immediately realized they were gutless compared to him, and wondered if they were the right people he should have called in. But taking the bull by the horns, he said: 'Well that's enough dilly-dallying,' whereupon he gave the protrusion a mighty push.
What happened next can only be described as miraculous. For rather than the opening of a hatch, a blue hued beam of light shot out of the craft and surrounded Donovan's entire body in a bluey glow.
Gee and Mr H jumped straight out of the excavation as they saw what was going on. Looking down from the edge, and accompanied by an increasing cacophony of lion's roars, Donovan's body seemed to momentarily undulate, his face turning to a remarkable serenity, and he floated into the air, coming to rest at a hover just above the excavation. And at that same moment, a pulse began to issue from the craft, accompanied by a hot, silvery glow which went on to melt the earth encasing it.
Within two minutes a silvery flying-saucer sat at the bottom of an increasingly growing pit.
Mr H had been right about its diameter. But what no one could have predicted was a sudden intensely bright pulse of light which seemed to brighten up the day a hundred fold, and as Gee put his hand over his eyes to protect them, he saw a vivid X-ray of his fingers.

Chapter Four

It was a tedious repair, and Nicholson was becoming fed up with it.
'This is Mission Control. What's the problem?'
Get lost, he said to himself, but said: 'Sorry, Mission Control. I think there are gremlins in the system.'
Six hours. Six bloody hours he had been at it, the ultimate techno repairman. And as he cursed, quietly, to himself once more, he began to wonder whether he'd made the right career move. Perhaps he'd have more chance of getting to Mars in his dreams.
It was at this point that a slight distortion grabbed his attention to his right.
'What's that?' he said, sharply, his head snapping round, the result being he had an excellent view of the inside of his helmet.
'Say again?'
'Negative, Mission Control. Hold.'
Slowly, he twisted his whole body round on his harness, and as he did so, a block of stars seemed to disappear from view. And then, in a flash of - was it light? - a grey, cigar-shaped craft, some five miles in length, materialized before his eyes.
'You're not gonna believe this,' said Nicholson. But all he had, now, in reply was static. 'Mission Control. Come in. Can you hear me?'
A pink hued beam of light shot out from the mothership at this point. Orion craft Fearless was momentarily bathed in the light and then blew up. And before Nicholson's very eyes, some twenty silver, saucer-shaped craft shot out of the mothership, destination Earth.

Madison Baines soon realized that her heart was not in her shopping. But maybe the urge to shop had been precognitive. For the simple fact was that if she had stayed in that cafe, she would have been vapourized in the explosion centred on the Houses of Parliament, but taking with it a huge chunk of Westminster, including 10 Downing Street and the very cafe she was in.
Walking, with thousands of others, on the periphery of the explosion, Madison was blown to the ground. Immediately jumping up and diving for cover, she found it impossible to describe, later, just what had happened.
'I suppose to call it an explosion would be wrong; at least, in any way we understand it. It's just that, one minute those building were there, and the next they seemed to de-construct themselves atom by atom. The whole thing was just a point of disintegration. One minute they were there, the next they weren't. And all there was in the centre of Westminster was this huge crater in the ground.'
As this disintegration went on, Madison Baines saw a huge cloud of dust rise into the sky, fan out like an umbrella, and slowly begin its descent to Earth. At the same time, a huge gush of water was heard, as if the bank of the Thames had been breached, and water began to flow into the crater.
Around the periphery of the disintegration, pulped bodies lay on the ground, and in every building she could see, glass had been smashed, with lacerated people running here and there.
All around her, screams could be heard, and the entire orderliness of the capital had gone. And for the first time in her life, Madison Baines was so shocked, she simply had no idea what to do. Indeed, what could she do? She, a woman alone amongst chaos?

Her stupor was finally defeated by the ringing of her mobile.
Momentarily, she wondered what that familiar sound was amongst all this confusion. Then, coming to her senses, she reached into her pocket and took it out.
Holding it to her ear, she said: 'Baines.'
'Major. Return to unit immediately.'
'What?'
'Major Baines. We need you.'
Her confusion was over. She took one last look at the carnage, said 'I'm on my way,' and began running through what remained of the streets of London.

Nicholson was stunned for a long, long time. He just hung there in space, a delicate umbilical tether holding him to the satellite, but a knowing inside that it was inevitable he would die. After all, how was he to get back to Earth with Fearless gone? Maybe, he thought, he was destined to just go round and round in low orbit, to finally burn up as he re-entered the atmosphere - although he would be dead eons before that, starved of oxygen and heat.
He stared at the unbelievable sight so close to him. The mothership was huge and seemed to pulse with an urgent intention. Although it had done nothing since destroying Fearless and dispatching the flying saucers, it hung there with a definite degree of malevolence.
The thought struck him, then, that maybe he wouldn't even run out of oxygen. After all, they were bound to know he was there, and would soon turn their death ray on him.
Following this thought, he realized his vulnerability and saw he was just floating there in their view. Hence, he pulled himself behind the satellite, as if such a feeble thing could save him. How long he stayed there, holding on to the satellite, he had no idea. But eventually a thought struck him that this was pointless. He was a highly skilled astronaut and a member of the United States Armed Forces. And his world - perhaps even his country - was under attack. And although he never thought for a moment he could defeat a five mile long alien ship, he decided he simply had to do something.
Hence, with a feeling of destiny fuelling him, he started up the back pack, unhitched himself from the satellite, and powered his booster, sending him off into space in the direction of the alien ship.
At most, he decided, it could only be ten miles away. And at such a distance, Nicholson calculated it would take him well over an hour to reach it. And throughout that time he would be in plain view of the aliens. Hence, he expected at any minute to cease to exist. But maybe through luck, or maybe design, but doubtfully due to his own stealth, he had made nine miles before anything happened. Then, just as he thought he may be able to do something after all, a beam shot out of the mothership, and caught him in a blue hue. And slowly, ever so slowly, he found himself floating towards an opening hatch.

Chapter Five

Over two hours had elapsed since a large part of Westminster had disintegrated, and Prime Minister Jones thanked his lucky stars that he had a liking for working at Chequers. Soon bundled down to the reinforced cellars where the British Government kept an emergency command centre, he was only now beginning to impose some form of order on the administration.
Rumours had reached the bunker that the culprit for the explosion was a strange, silver saucer-shaped craft that some eyewitnesses had seen in the sky. Although the general feeling was to put it down to delusion, hysteria or hallucination.
Prime Minister Jones had immediately tried to contact other world leaders to see if anything was going on in their part of the world. But from Washington, Paris, Moscow, Berlin, Tokyo and other major capitals, all he was now receiving was static. Knowing that each of the respective leaders had been in residence in their capitals, it soon began to dawn on him that he might be the only senior leader left alive in the world.
He sat back in his chair amid all the confusion, shutting the world out for a moment of sanity. But he could still not comprehend just what had happened on planet Earth. Never, he realized, had anyone faced a disaster such as this. And he had to admit he hadn't the faintest idea what had happened, or what he was supposed to do about it.
Maybe, he theorized, it was the turning point; the end of the world as he knew it - and the point at which devolution was about to begin.
His thoughts were disturbed by an aide. 'Your protection has arrived, Prime Minister,' he said.
That, at least, was something, he decided. Turning, he looked into the face of Major Madison Baines. He smiled as he saw her face, glowing even though dressed in combats. 'Major,' he said, ‘I’m pleased you're here.' And he was. The first woman to make it into the Special Air Special, he knew her history, and he knew her abilities.
'Don't worry, Prime Minister,' she said. 'We'll look after you. My men are already dispersed.'

Nicholson wasn't quite sure where he was, or even if he was alive. Indeed, all he could tell for certain was that he was thinking, and he seemed to be laid on a table.
About him, he realized he was in a chamber, but at once the chamber was dark, yet was lit by a myriad of colours he had never seen before; and a low hum seemed to fill both the room and his mind.
Suddenly, a white beam of light shot towards him, as if a door from a bright corridor had been opened. Turning his head painfully aside, he noticed this was, indeed, the case, and through the door were walking three creatures he had never seen before. Grey in colour, they were about four feet tall, blubbery, hairless, and had big, black, bug-like eyes.
Hurriedly, almost surreally, they came and stood at the table and looked at him. The sight chilled Nicholson to the bone, and as he lay there terrified, one of the aliens began to prod him, while the other two seemed to chatter in a high-pitched whine.
Eventually, one seemed to take charge and, raising his hand, a mechanism began to descend from the ceiling.
Coming to rest just inches above his abdomen, a needle shot out and punctured him.
A pain shot through him at this point, as if his insides were being sucked out. But as this pain diminished, and another mechanism began to descend above his head, he realized that they were perhaps going to do the same to his head.
The needle, when it descended, made him pass out. And when he came round some time later, he felt raped; as if his entire body had been violated, and he had this idea that every memory in his head had been extracted. But even worse than this, he couldn't get it out of his head that he had been a traitor, giving vital information about his world to the aliens.

Ufologists had never been trained for this. In fact, thought Mr H, Ufologists were not trained for anything. Ufologists, he knew well, were amateurs, fanatics, a mish-mash of eccentrics and nerds with, nonetheless, an irresistible hunger to understand a mystery. But there was no immediate mystery to this.
Gee and Mr H hid in the crater as soon as the dazzling lights display was over. They didn't do this particularly because they wanted to cozy up to the saucer, with Donovan floating above, but because they decided it was the lesser evil as saucer after saucer whizzed through the sky to come to a halt hovering close to where they hid.
'So what do we do now,' said Gee, holding his rifle, but deciding it might well have been a matchstick.
Mr H thought deeply. Finally, he said: 'Have you ever thought they may be friendly?'
Gee counted the saucers in the sky around them - four; no a fifth is on its way - and said: 'Go and make first contact, then.'
'I think I'll give that a miss,' said Mr H.
Between them and the saucers, Donovan's pride of lions went round in circles along the periphery of the crater, as if unsure what to do. Mr H had never considered animals having mental faculties before, but he could almost see a conflict on their faces, as if they'd suddenly been assaulted with so many contradictory facts that they were thinking it out.
'What's that?' said Gee, directing Mr H's attention away from the lions and to the saucer immediately to their front.
Mr H looked up and saw the hatch opening. Next moment, the first of half a dozen grey, blubbery, bug-eyed aliens seemed to float to the ground. Offering the most intellectual observation Mr H could think of, he said: 'Oh, shit!'
Landing, the aliens seemed to fan out about a hundred yards away from the crater. In their hands they seemed to carry some form of rifle. Crouching down, one of them fired, and a pink beam shot their way, exploding a number of rocks close by.
The commotion - the appearance of the aliens - had a sudden effect on the lions. As almost a single entity they seemed to come together, offered a mighty roar, and charged straight towards the aliens. Within seconds they were on them. Gee and Mr H realized straight away it was going to be a gruesome sight.

Chapter Six

Madison Baines snapped her orders continually. Commanding a complete squadron of SAS, she deployed two troops around Chequers, kept a third as a final defence in the bunker, and had a fourth in reserve. Keeping her organization as quiet and unobtrusive as possible, she allowed the Prime Minister as much space as possible to go about his duties.
Prime Minister Jones was impressed by the woman, often looking in her direction as aides and ministers flocked around him.
Following the initial attack, there did not seem to be much activity. As far as he could fathom, some twenty city centres had been assaulted around the world, each disaster seeming to take out the seat of government. Other than this, whatever it was that had attacked seemed to have gone away. But Prime Minister Jones was not one to be complacent.
As to what had attacked planet Earth, he was reluctant to put it down to the ever increasing reports of silver, saucer shaped craft. The idea of alien invasion was simply too much to contemplate. But as he ordered fighters into the sky from still untouched RAF bases, he was coming around to the idea; especially as the most erratically moving contacts were being made on radar screens.
'OK,' he finally said to his aides, Madison Baines hovering on the periphery, 'so let us assume - and I don't like it - but let us assume that we are under attack by aliens. If right, what was the point of the first attack?'
Madison didn't wait for the aides to reply. Jumping in, she said: 'I was in London when they attacked, Prime Minister. And I have to tell it straight. Whatever it was hit right on top of Big Ben.'
'Which means?'
'Well, Prime Minister, as I see it, the target was the governments of the free world.'
'So I can consider myself a major target for the next wave?'
'I think we can take that as said, Prime Minister.'

The lions had done their best; or maybe their worst. Chewing at the blubbery meat through fevered jaws, they pulled lumps of flesh off the corpses; if flesh is what it was.
Mr H didn't want to look. He buried his head in his arms. 'That was horrible,’ he said.
Gee was equally appalled, but said: 'Yes. But we're alive.'
Looking up as another saucer joined the cluster of silver around them, Mr H said: 'But for how long?'
They remained silent a moment, staring at the saucers, which seemed to just hang there, doing nothing. Finally, Gee said: 'Well what's going on?'
Mr H scratched his head. 'I've been thinking about that,' he said.
'And?'
'Well I think it's safe to assume that somehow, in the deep past, a flying saucer crashed or got marooned here.'
'Why the deep past?' asked Gee.
'Because of the myths of the world egg.'
'Yes,' said Gee, 'that seems fair. So what about the others?'
Mr H sighed. 'The easy answer is this is the rescue party; either that, or a rescue party fuelled with a need for revenge.'
'Seems fair,' said Gee, 'but you don't sound convinced.'
‘I’m not. I don't like coincidences. And it is just too much of a coincidence to think the rescue party would arrive just as we excavate the saucer.'
'Meaning what?'
Mr H adjusted his glasses. 'I'm not sure. But what I'm thinking is this: by being here, could we have somehow tapped into a form of communication from the rescue party, and it's enacting in reality what it will do when it gets here?'
Gee whistled. 'That a wild one,' he said.
'I know, but I can't think of any other explanation for the coincidence.'
A silence followed. Then Gee said: 'But wouldn't the rescue party have arrived before this? After all we're talking about something that happened at least thousands of years ago.'
'Well, that depends on how far and what propulsion is involved,' said Mr H. 'Taking relativity into account, star travel would be quick for those approaching the speed of light, but for others, such as us, a long time would elapse. And thousands of years in our time is not inconceivable.'
The facts seemed too fantastic for Gee to take in.
He settled into a silent, almost melancholic state. But it was soon to be destroyed as, in a moment of indescribable heat, a beam of pink light burst from one of the saucers, and incinerated the lions in a hazy hue.

Madison Baines wished that for once she could have been wrong. But as the two silver shaped flying saucers skimmed the roof of Chequers and then came to a hover just a couple of hundred yards away, she knew she was in for the greatest battle of her life.
On board the lead saucer, over a dozen 'greys' were ready to descend to the ground, armed with their stick-like weapons. A conquering race of aliens, the first priority when arriving at a new world was always to take out the major governments. Easily identifiable, with their buildings usually centred at the heart of the main cities, a simple scan of the surface provided the immediate intelligence needed to carry out the job.
As a follow-up, an abduction or two soon provided information regarding secondary governmental headquarters. And a quick scan of the radio waves from these locations soon identified if any leaders were still alive. And Nicholson had been most cooperative in this respect. Congratulating themselves on their success, they soon realized that only one leader had survived the attack. And as the 'troopers' began their jump to the ground, they were confident that this last remaining leader would soon be dead.

Madison could hardly believe her eyes as her squadron loosed Starstreak SAM after SAM at the saucers, with no effect at all. And when the grey, bug-eyed aliens floated down to Earth, her incredulity reached new heights.
Soon identifying two main points of attack, she assigned a troop to each location, the third troop stood too.
At first the battle did not go well, the pink beams from the grey's weapons incinerating far too many of her men. But as she realized the crudeness of the alien tactics, she snapped her orders to her soldiers. And, she was pleased to realize, the blubbery bodies of the greys was no match for the rounds which finally slammed into them from the SAS's M16s.
Finally, the Chequers garden resembled a blood bath, but a silence descended nonetheless. And as Madison Baines raised her M16 and fired in hatred and futility at the silver craft, they momentarily buzzed and flew off. But she knew it would be only a brief respite.

Chapter Seven

Mr H had finished throwing up, and Gee was of the opinion that if they didn't move soon, they would be overcome. But whether that would be due to the aliens or the increasing smell close to Mr H, he was unsure.
'I've been thinking,' he said, some five minutes after the incineration of the lions.
'That could be bad for your health,' said Mr H.
It had been five minutes without activity. 'No, listen,' continued Gee. 'Why haven't they attacked again?'
'Who knows,' said Mr H. 'They may be slow thinkers; maybe they're having tea.'
'I'm serious.' Gee looked over the top of the crater. 'I don't think they're attacking us because they don't want to. It's more because we're not seen as a threat.'
'Explain,' said Mr H.
'Well,' said Gee, 'the lions were making a lot of noise and threatening movements, so they clearly stood between the aliens and their saucer in the crater. Hence, they wasted them - eventually. But we've done nothing to them. So maybe we're not seen as hostile.'
'Meaning what, exactly?'
'Meaning,' said Gee, 'that maybe we could just walk out of this crater, casually go over to the jeep, and drive away.'
Mr H whistled. 'Now that's a good one.'
'I'm serious.'
'That's what I'm afraid of.'
'Well I'm going to give it a try.'
At that, Gee slowly stood up, climbed out of the crater, and carefully began to walk in the direction of the jeep. Seconds later, not fancying the idea of being left alone with a clutch of flying saucers and a floating lion tamer, Mr H did likewise. And, he had to admit, Gee seemed to have been right, for once.

Nicholson sat huddled in the corner of the room. About ten feet square, it was a totally white room, and the whiteness of the t-shirt and trousers he had worn under his space suit seemed to merge with the room, as if he was part of it.
A low hum vibrated throughout the room, and he was sure it was also inside his head.
He hadn't seen any aliens for several hours now; and he had to admit, he was glad about that. They looked so small, so delicate, but when they looked at him, he could see their evil, the total malevolence within them.
How the hell did I get here? he thought to himself. And in a way he put it down to his own stupid fault. How had he so easily ignored the existence of that flying saucer that buzzed him so long ago? And how many others had seen them and ignored them? He couldn't see how they were connected to his present predicament, but somehow he knew they had to be. And maybe, if people had spoken out before, and not left it up to the cranks to speak about UFOs, then maybe this could have all been avoided. And even if not, at least by backing Gee, he, too, would have been kicked off the program.
If only he'd done that, then he would be safe and well on Earth. If, that is, those saucers that disappeared into the atmosphere hadn't destroyed the planet in the same easy way as they destroyed Fearless.
The thoughts, he knew, were too much to bear. So Nicholson sat huddled in the corner of the room, and began to cry.

'Well, for once,' said Mr H, 'I think you had a good idea.'
'So kind of you to say so,' said Gee as they made it, at last, to the jeep.
Jumping in, Gee started the engine and they drove off.
'So where are we heading,' asked Mr H, the African heat doing little to cool his face.
'I've been thinking about that,' said Gee. He paused momentarily and said: 'Ten miles north I seem to remember a small warden's station.'
'Yea,' said Mr H, 'but it was deserted.'
'I know. But there was a radio antenna. If we make it there, we may be able to call for help.'
Mr H agreed, and they settled down to a silent drive.
Eventually, Mr H noticed something strange about him. 'Have you noticed,' he said.
'Noticed what?'
'Everything is so quiet.'
Gee had to admit he had not. But once his attention was called to the fact, he too noticed the silence of the bush, as if everything with any sense had departed.
'The wildlife,' said Gee, 'seems to have more sense than us.'
The drive continued, again, in silence, until Mr H said: 'So I think we're agreed. Somehow, what we're experiencing is not real, in an exact sense. Rather, it's a kind of echo of a communications transmission – some weird form of virtual reality, which, nonetheless, can interact with the physical world.'
'It's the only thing that makes sense,' replied Gee, 'if anything can make sense, here,' he added.
'Exactly. So what sparked it off with such intensity?'
'Obviously, it was excavating the saucer,' said Gee.
'But what about Donovan? Why have they got him levitating above it like that?'
Gee said: 'Haven't the faintest idea.'
'Unless,' said Mr H, 'he's acting as some sort of medium between the communication and the real world.'
At that, the warden's station - a small, wooden shack in the middle of nowhere - came into view. And for the moment, speculation gave way to the need for survival. Gee and Mr H had other things on their mind now.

Madison Baines was taking a welcome rest. For over an hour there had been no more alien activity, and she had to admit she was glad of that.
The toll on her men had been heavy. But now that they had got the measure of the Greys' tactics, they were sure they could handle another assault if it came.
'You did well,' said Prime Minister Jones as Madison sat in the corner of the control room.'
'Just doing my job, sir,' she said.
The Prime Minister smiled. 'Yes. But I'm sure that when you joined up you never expected to be fighting aliens and flying saucers.'
Madison smiled. 'You may have a point there, sir,' she said.
At that point, the conversation was interrupted by an aide. 'Sir, he said. ‘We've received the most weird communication.'
'From whom?'
'From two Ufologists.'
Prime Minister Jones sighed. 'And what is their nutty answer to our predicament?' he asked.
'They've given no answers yet, sir. But they're in a radio shack in Africa. And they claim that the invasion began once one of their number touched a flying saucer they had excavated.'
'Yea. I wish these crazies would leave us alone to get on with the job.'
The aide said: 'They seem to be most insistent, sir. And they claim that when they left the area, as many as eight saucers were hovering above the site.'
The Prime Minister turned to Madison. 'You're a soldier,' he said. 'What does your instinct tell you?'
Madison stood up and sighed. She walked the room momentarily and then she said: 'This whole thing is crazy, sir. And in the crazy league, what they say makes as much sense as anything else.'
'You mean you think we should investigate?'
'If you can get me there, then I could take a stick of men and find out.'

Gee switched off the radio and sat back. 'That's that, then,' he said.
'Who did you contact?' asked Mr H.
'The British government.'
'Just like that?'
'Yep. It's easy if you're ex-RAF and ex-NASA. You know exactly where to go.'
'And they believed you?'
‘It seems they’re having trouble, too.
'You mean this is big?'
'I want you to picture the Houses of Parliament; their splendour. Or how about Capitol Hill?'
'And?'
'It looks like neither of them exists anymore.'
'Oh, shit.'
They descended into silence, a nervy eye looking repeatedly through the tiny window; their ears pricked back for any sign of activity outside. Eventually, Mr H said: 'We should be alright here, waiting.'
'Why do you think that?' asked Gee.
'Well, we were left alone coming here.'
'We were no danger then.'
'And we are now?'
'I think we just called for help.'
'And you think they'll know - monitored the communication?'
'We could. And I get the feeling that they might be a touch more advanced on us.'
'And how long,' said Mr H, ‘before the cavalry arrives?'
'A Hercules from Britain? At least twelve hours.'
At that point conversation was stopped as a grey blubbery arm was lowered from the bad-fitting rafters in the roof, and grabbed Mr H by the hair.

Chapter Eight

Madison Baines was cramped.
She hated long haul flights, especially in the Hercules.
A large plane, it was nonetheless designed for freight rather than people. Hence, on airborne operations, the troopers spent their time in netting on the fuselage, designed as rudimentary seats and harnesses.
Her priority obviously had to be the defence of the British seat of government. Hence, most of her men remained at Chequers, but she took with her six hand-picked men. And her instinct told her that this mission was right.
A proficient soldier, she knew a thing or two about attack strategy, and the tactics used by the aliens just didn't make sense. Beginning with one huge, widely spread attack, there had been hardly anything since, other than an attempt to hit the world leader they had missed. This suggested their tactic was not all-out invasion, but something else. And the information that a saucer had been excavated could be it.
Suppose, thought Madison, that this was a rescue operation, tinted with a little bit of revenge for some act in the past perpetrated on their men? That would explain it.
But she remained uneasy about the coincidence of such an attack just as the saucer was excavated - provided, of course, this whole operation wasn't a great big wild goose chase.
Her thoughts were disturbed by the ready light. Quickly, she got her men ready, checked her kit. The plan was to jump several miles from the shack at low level. That was the best way to get in unseen. And as the rear ramp of the Herc was lowered, showing them a fast moving Earth too near to appear safe, Madison and her men jumped.

Mr H had not stopped shaking for hours and his blonde hair was still matted with green goo after Gee had shot that blubbery arm clean off.
The pained squeal from the Grey had been spine tingling, and they had watched as the alien ran off into the bush, about to collapse. And Mr H just couldn't get it out of his head that it had taken two hours for the arm to stop twitching.
It was dark now; an immense African darkness. But more than that, without the noises of Africa the psychological effect of the darkness was intensified. It was as if they were trapped in a dark, other-worldly void.
They had heard, several times, the high pitched chatter of the Greys, and on a couple of occasions they had spied their bug-eyes looking at them. But in the main the aliens had kept away from the shack. Although how long the stand-off would last, they had no idea. But as a nearby bush moved, and a pitter-patter of alien feet was heard outside, they guessed their time was about up.

Prime Minister Jones had now got a reasonable idea of what had happened - although the whys and wherefores still evaded him. Securing rudimentary communications with radar stations, defence bunkers and ad-hoc governments around the world, it appeared to him that a huge alien ship had appeared in orbit close to the latest Fearless mission, had destroyed the craft and sent a number of alien craft to some twenty capital cities, where the city centres had 'disintegrated' taking the major governments out. No major attack had occurred since then, other than on Chequers - for obvious reasons - and the majority of the alien craft had then headed for a single location in East Africa.
He sat back after digesting this information, and had, following conversations with remaining governmental ministers around the world, decided what had to be done. Panic was gripping the world, and stories were circulating of alien craft about to wipe humanity from the face of the Earth. And that simply wouldn't do.
'You're on in one minute, Prime Minister.'
Prime Minister Jones stood up, straightened his tie, combed his hair and moved over to the desk with book cases behind to add that air of authority. Looking ahead into the TV camera, one thing was also quite certain. For although many reports of alien craft had been made, no one, it seems, had had a clear sight of them, or took any pictures - which left him with the perfect opportunity to calm the rising panic, and scotch any rumours that the world's military would be impotent in the face of alien invasion. Whether the people would actually believe what he was about to say was doubtful. But when had that stopped governments achieving what they want to achieve?
'Yesterday was a sad day for the world,' he said as he smiled confidently into the cameras, 'for it seems that the Earth passed through a large and destructive meteor shower ...

Gee was fast approaching Mr H's terrified state. Full of resolve, at first, after a third attack by the Greys there was little fight left in him, and even less ammo in his rifle. 'One more attack, and that's it,' he said, turning a worried look on Mr H.
He had no idea how many aliens he had killed. All he knew was that when they were hit by lead they splattered as if they were water-filled balloons. 'These things are boils on legs,' he had commented at one stage as he popped another one in the night.
And now the last attack had begun. Maybe a dozen of them were moving on the shack. Gee took out two with his last remaining rounds and then threw his rifle to the floor. And then, all there was left was plan B.
'And what's that?' asked Mr H.
'Barricade the door and pray.'
But in the end, it was through the windows that they came - little, blubber-like creatures wriggling through the smashed frames, their bug-eyes full of a malevolent stare; and was it a sadistic smile on their mouths?
Gee and Mr H stood together in the middle of the shack, a lump of wood for a club in their hands, and around them the Greys slowly approached, advancing inches at a time and dodging the swing of the clubs. Eventually, Gee said: 'Nice knowing you, kid.'
It was at that moment that the door burst open and the image of a soldier filled the door. Loosing off a burst from an M16, the Greys popped one by one around them. And as a silence fell on the shack, and Madison Baines took off her helmet, her hair flowing loosely about her, Mr H took one look at the vision and said: 'I think I'm in love.'

Nicholson had had enough. It was warm in the white filled room but the sweat that began to cover his entire body was more an effect from inside him than the heat.
He could feel a well of emotion beginning in his gut and rising in him inch by inch. Eventually it reached his face and with jowls taut and eyes expressing a mania, he howled.
It was a blood-curdling, emotion-filled noise, and appeared to come more from an animal than a human being. And as it passed he stood up and began pacing the room, as if prowling.
This went on for many minutes, as if he was losing his mind.
And finally, unable to take any more, he approached the door and began banging. But no one was going to come. Not human, and certainly not Grey.

Mr H couldn't take his eyes off Madison Baines.
'Do you have a problem?' she asked, turning to him for the umpteenth time and feeling rather nervous.
'I don't think I'll ever have a problem again,' he said.
Madison turned back to Gee. 'So do you think we've any chance of taking out the rest of the Greys?'
Gee was sat on a rickety table, feeling safer, now he was surrounded by soldiers of the SAS.
'You're good, I'll give you that,' he said, 'but there's a lot of them around. I think you're going to need an army.' 
'I don't accept that,' said Madison. 'I've come here to do a job, and I'm going to do it.' 
Mr H subsumed, momentarily, his new feelings of love, and said: 'There could be a way of finishing it.'
'Which is?' asked Gee.
Mr H went through his theories for Madison's benefit - about the aliens being unreal. He said: 'So I think they're like the interference you got on an old TV set when it was affected by a signal.'
'Is he for real?' said Madison.
Gee said: 'Oh, yes. And I'm beginning to think he could be right.'
Mr H said: 'What do you mean, think? I am right. And Donovan is the medium.’
But neither of them expected the simple answer that came out of Madison's mouth. 'So the answer's easy,' she said.
'Yes?'
'We kill Donovan. And all our problems are over.'

It was a new dawn as Gee, Mr H, Madison Baines and her men approached the excavation. Gee had been amazed at the stealth and speed of the SAS as they weaved their way, surreptitiously, to their target.
On the other hand, Mr H had kept close to Madison and was equally amazed at how her body weaved. She is the most amazing woman in the world, he thought repeatedly.
As they approached the excavation the silver, saucer-shaped craft began to come into view. They took Madison's breath away as all twenty craft were now hovering around the downed saucer, as if the area was a hive.
On the ground, Greys busied themselves around the craft, but as they observed from the bush, none of them could figure out what they were doing.
'They're just going about willy-nilly,' whispered Gee, as if the exercise is pointless.
'Or hurrying about like an ant’s nest,' offered Mr H.
Above the downed craft, Donovan continued to levitate in his blue haze. And this was perhaps the spookiest act of the lot.
'So what do we do?' asked Gee, lying next to Madison.
Madison thought deeply. 'I don't think we're going to get any closer. So whatever we do, we do from here.'
At that, she mouthed back to her troopers. They knew exactly what she wanted. And the next second, the shoulder-held rocket launcher was in Madison's hands.
Almost immediately she wriggled out of the bush and took up a firing position some hundred yards from the alien nest. Crouching down, she placed the launcher above her shoulder, took aim, and fired.
The rocket snaked through the sky, and as it hit Donovan, it exploded.
Donovan disintegrated in a ball of flame, and before the fireball was over, the Greys and the saucers flashed momentarily invisible, and then disappeared. And over a hundred miles above planet Earth, a lonely corpse floated off to oblivion.

THE JOURNEY

They looked back upon the planet as they accelerated out of the atmosphere and whizzed past the Moon. And they couldn't help but be amazed by Earth's beauty, or be afraid at what their future would bring. It had been Gee's dream to pilot a craft into space, but as he mastered the controls of his Starship Hero, he never dreamt it would be a trip like this.
The seats were cramped in the alien craft. They had been built for small, blubbery Greys, not humans, but Gee soon adjusted to the constraints. Behind him, Madison and Mr H were equally constrained, though Mr H was, for once, glad of his smaller stature. So together they huddled, Gee, Mr H and Madison, as they began the greatest journey of human life’s existence …

'It's fantastic. It's just fantastic.'
For once, Prime Minister Jones was lost for words. It had been a week after the disappearance of the aliens; a week in which the true extent of the devastation of Earth had become known, leaving Jones the only substantial leader left to repair the damage. And even though he had wanted to come to see the saucer earlier, it had been impossible.
Aides and bodyguards surrounded him as he stood in the African heat, watching Gee and Mr H busying themselves with a clutch of top engineers, astrophysicists and propulsion experts.
Wary of touching anything on the saucer, Mr H had finally, through desperation, worked out how to open the hatch, determined to be first into the craft. Gee had followed his scrambling form, both deposited in the cockpit - a small, round room with three seats, an all-round bank of display equipment and a small but highly technological control panel.
That had been the first day, and over the following days, as experts arrived, some amazing discoveries had been made. Just what had happened to the pilot they could not hazard a guess, but warily switching on this and that, they had worked out the rudimentary principles of control and navigation - in theory, at least. And by the fourth day, as the saucer delicately lifted off from the ground for its first test flight with Gee at the controls, the astronaut wannabe was on Cloud Nine.
Seeing the Prime Minister had arrived, Mr H pulled himself away from his work and went to join him.
'A remarkable job, Mr H,' said the Prime Minister. 'And may I forward my thanks for what you did from the whole world.'
Mr H was not one for spin. He stood uncomfortably, adjusted his glasses and said: 'Thanks.'
'So how is this thing powered?' asked the Prime Minister.
'We have no idea,' replied Mr H. 'We've worked out how to fly it, but how it's powered? That's way beyond us.'
'So what do we know about the craft?'
'That's the worrying part, sir. We think we know quite a bit. At least, about its origins.'
'Worrying?'
'I'm afraid so.'
'Explain.'
Mr H remained silent for a moment. Then, with a sigh, he said: 'We think we've worked out from their navigation displays where the craft came from. And it’s a million light years away from Earth.'
'Which makes it how long since they landed here?'
'That depends on their speed. But they must have developed a faster-than-light system of travel.'
'I thought that was impossible?'
'Only by our theories, sir. Einstein argued that the fastest we could go would be just less than the speed of light. After that we would go backwards in time. But the point is that is in normal space. If the aliens worked out how to go beyond normal space, anything is possible.'
'I see. So can you hazard a guess?'
'Bearing in mind the mythology in this region of the world egg, we guess it came here some time in the deep human past. Just how far back, we have no idea.'
'But that's at least tens of thousands of years ago?'
'Yes.'
'So doesn't that blow your theory of them coming back to Earth for revenge, or even colonization?'
'Not at all, sir. You see, no matter how fast they travel, we think they would still be responsible to one of Einstein's laws.'
'Which is?'
'The idea that time slows down the faster you travel.'
'And that has bearing on this?'
'Absolutely, sir. It means that although eons have passed on Earth, the aliens may perceive the journey to only take a matter of days.'
'Meaning that, if we were to fly to them, we could get there in a matter of days and perhaps avert, through dialogue, the invasion you're sure is about to take place?'

And here they were on Starship Hero - Gee, Mr H, and Madison for that all important security.
'Amazing,' said Mr H, just an hour into the journey, as he looked at the monitors, giving a panoramic view of space outside. He was looking at a quickly disappearing Pluto as they left the Solar System and entered deep space. There was no sensation of speed aboard Starship Hero, their name for the craft, but in the second it took for Pluto to become a pinprick and then nothing, they knew the speed was phenomenal.
Whilst Gee and Mr H were excited by their quest, Madison sat uncomfortably in her seat.
Mr H noticed this and said: 'You alright?'
'I will be,' she said, a hint of nerves in her voice. 'I'm an outdoor girl. I'll get used to it.'
Gee broke the conversation and said: 'I've just had an idea.'
Mr H turned to him. 'What,' he said.
'If we're right, and all we fought was interference on the alien fleet's transmission, then the entire UFO phenomenon of the last sixty years could be nothing more than a lesser interference.'
Mr H liked that idea. After all, he was a Ufologist. And it was every Ufologist's dream to come up with the definitive answer.
'Yes, Gee, I like that.'
Madison said: 'Then you must tell them all when we get home.'
Gee and Mr H sighed, then; looked worried. 'Madison,' said Mr H. ‘That might be difficult.'
'Why?'
'Oh, nothing.' He just couldn't bring himself to explain again that by the time they got home, tens of thousands of years could have passed. And anyway, he was just not hopeful that they'd get home at all.

How many hours had passed in silence they had no idea. But Gee was becoming increasingly concerned. 'I think we've a problem,' he said.
'What's that?' said Mr H.
Gee had been watching the star for a long time. And if they had a million light years to travel, he just could not understand why it wasn't getting any bigger; why they didn't seem to be getting any closer. He said: 'I don't think we're traveling at the speed we should be.'
Mr H had been thinking along the same lines, but didn't want to say anything yet. Now, he said: 'I agree. And anyway, if we are supposed to be going out of normal space, why are we still seeing it?'
'I'm not with you,' said Madison.
Mr H turned to her. 'What we're saying,' he said, 'is that we only seem to be traveling at some kind of conventional, impulse speed. There must be another drive system on the craft, otherwise we'll be long dead before we reach a fraction of the distance we have to travel.'

For many more hours they thought about the problem. Gee played with the controls, attempting to access another drive, but the whole thing proved fruitless. 'So what do we do now?' he said.
Mr H said: 'I think it’s time to look at the more exotic theories.'
'Meaning what?'
'I don't know,' he said, exasperated.
Gee thought deeply. 'Some physicists thought the universe was more like a thought than a machine; that the universe was more an idea than a physical reality.'
'I know. But there's never really been anything to prove it.'
'I don't know,' said Gee. 'What about the idea that the universe can only exist when there is a consciousness capable of observing it?'
I'm lost again,' said Madison.
'Mr H smiled. Said: 'It's all to do with quantum mechanics; you know, subatomic particles.'
'I'm still lost.'
'Look at it like this. Imagine that the subatomic world is like a snooker table. All those balls are tiny particles which make up the universe. How they react is essential to how the universe is. Now, in our world, if two of those balls collided, one will shoot off in a predictable direction based on the velocity and direction of the ball that hit it.'
'Yes, I get that.'
'Well,' said Mr H. 'In the subatomic world, it doesn't happen like that. According to the mathematics of this world, when one particle is hit by another, it can shoot off in any direction possible. Which means the universe is like an unpredictable fuzzy vibration.'
Gee took over the commentary. 'But, said some scientists, if that is the case, why do we see a definite universe with definite laws?'
'So tell me,' said Madison.
'Because,' said Gee, 'our act of observation creates a definite from a probability.'
'So we create the universe from our thoughts?'
'In a way.'
It had been too much for Madison. She was a soldier, not a thinker, and for several more hours a silence descended on Starship Hero.

So the universe is a thought, thought Madison. And we create our own reality from the options available.
Eventually, she said: 'What you were saying about the universe. That's mysticism, isn't it?'
Mr H said: 'In a way, if you want to see it like that.'
Madison said: 'Years ago, I did a bit of mysticism. You know, learnt yoga, fetal breathing, that kind of thing.'
'Why?' said Mr H.
'Because I thought it would make me a better soldier. Clear the mind; teach me how not to panic.'
'And did it work?'
'Yes. I think so. But anyway, listen. During the mystical experience the whole universe was said to pour into you, as if you had transcended reality. It was a weird experience, where everything was possible.'
'Your point being?'
'My point being that that is almost exact to what you described.'
Mr H said: ‘You mean it may not be a drive system we're looking for, but something more mystical.'
'Exactly.'
'That's rubbish.'
Gee said: 'Wait a minute. Let's not bicker.'
'Sorry,' said Mr H.
'That's alright,' said Madison.

Further hours passed. It was as if they could only think, only communicate, in short bursts, as if the effort of the journey was draining them. Eventually, Gee said: 'So Madison, what is the central element of mysticism?'
'Pardon?'
'I'm giving your idea a chance.'
'I see.'
'So?'
Madison thought deeply.
Eventually, she said: 'Vibration.'
Mr H thought about the word. Finally, he said: 'That's interesting.'
'In what way?' asked Gee.
'Well, the quantum world is said to be an electronic vibration. The world we see is the result of the vibration we exist in.'
'Didn't Pythagoras devise mathematics as a mystical way of answering the universe; of understanding it by numbers?' said Gee.
Mr H said: 'Yes, that's right. But it was more than that.'
'What?'
'Pythagoras applied numbers to music, to sound.'
Gee said: 'Wait a minute. Isn't there a theory that the pyramids were built by sound? That they had some now forgotten means of sonic engineering which could lift great stones and even drill holes?'
'We're going a bit outside science,' said Mr H, 'but yes, you're right. And it's well known that the right note can shatter a glass, so there sure is power in sound.'
Madison said: 'I may be a bit thick here, but isn't sound, itself a vibration?'
Gee and Mr H looked at her incredulously. This conversation was becoming far-fetched. But nevertheless, Gee said: 'This vibration in mysticism. Is it ever represented as sound?'
'Always,' said Madison. 'At the heart of meditation is the mantra - the repetition of sound.'
Mr H said: 'Give us an example.'
Madison said: 'Om.'
'Pardon?'
'Om. Some eastern mystics go as far as saying the word - the sound of it - brought the world into existence.'
'And in the beginning was the Word.'
The three of them looked at each other, then. And whether out of seriousness or just a bit of devilish fun, they intoned, as one, a deep, resonant, 'Ommmm ….'
As they did so, the universe collapsed in a rainbow of light. And as their bodies undulated, the stars went out.
They had reached Underspace.

Log One:

We seem to be riding on a vibration. At least, that's how it appears to me; like being pushed along by some unknown sound wave.
Gee and Madison see it different. And I must admit it does seem to fit in with their idea. To them, we're in a tunnel; a tunnel which seems to cram up on us, giving the impression of swift movement, but still not seeming to move at all.
We can all see this tunnel, on all the monitors, and way down the tunnel there's a powerful light. What it is, we have no idea, but it seems to be drawing us.
Madison had a near death experience once, and she says it's like having another. Here we are in a physical Underspace, and Madison thinks it's where our consciousness goes when we die.
The universe is one hell of a thought. I wonder if the dead go down this route? I wonder about many other things, too. In fact, my thoughts seem to be changing. Okay, I'm a Ufologist, and most people used to think us quite nutty. But regardless of this, I tried to deal in real science; in a hard world; a material existence.
But since I gained enlightenment through 'Om,' I seem to be traveling a different path; opening my mind to more mystical things.
I suppose this never ending tunnel does this - and its indefinable existence, as if a limbo-existence between the hard and the ... ?
Spiritual? 
Hell, I don't know. I don't know anything any more. Other than this tunnel is like a path of destiny - and a destiny of which I am unsure.

Log Two:

How many thousands of years are passing in each second of this journey? How far behind in time am I leaving the people I love?
I love.
That's a laugh. Do I love anyone? Did I EVER love anyone?
Shit, I never even loved my name.
I suppose that's why I re-baptised myself as Mr H. It doesn't mean anything in itself. It's just a way I have of removing myself from my previous life, if that's what you can call it.
My parents died when I was little, see. Never really knew them. Only knew a series of homes and families that took me in, usually for the money rather than duty, or love. And being slight, I was a bit of a nerd, especially when I went into glasses and took up the computer in a big way.
I was miserable in my early life, and only came alive when I decided to discard it; become Mr H, Ufologist extraordinaire. And with the research and the books, I became someone. But not like this. Now I'm really going to become someone. Except, the world I want to recognize me is passing away with every second. So I guess there'll still be no one to remember me - no one to love me.
Love. What is it anyway? Is it the feeling I get when I look at Madison?
Yea. I guess it is. I think I AM in love
But I must put that feeling aside. Be professional. I have a world to save; if it’s still around for me to save - if it hasn’t already been destroyed by the Greys. If, by the time we get to our destination, the Greys haven’t also advanced by millions of years; become extinct; and if they have advanced, we’ll be too late for dialogue by millennia!

Log Three:

It’s a crazy old other-world we’re in. Gee had a horrible thought. ‘Maybe it’s the River Styx which takes the dead to the Greek afterlife?’
It sent shivers down my spine. But soon after he said that, something happened which really freaked us. Still is!
It first appeared on the rear monitor behind us as a little blob. But as it came closer, it began to take form. It was Madison who identified it.
‘It’s a body,’ she said.’
‘Rubbish,’ I said.
Gee said, straining his eyes, ‘I think she’s right.’
We watched it for several minutes, floating there, behind us - if we’re experiencing minutes now. And sure enough, it was soon identifiable as a body. And it was getting closer all the time.
But what kind of body? I’d seen corpses before, but the sheer inhumanity of it; its colour; the way it was bloated; the pose. It was terrifying, and we wondered what kind of death had been suffered here.
Eventually, it caught up with the craft, and we stared into a monitor which had its face pressed up hard against it. And the look of terror on its face spooked us badly. But there was more to come.
‘I think I recognize him,’ said Gee.
I said: ‘What?’
Gee looked closer. ‘It’s Nicholson!’
I knew of Nicholson; the hate Gee had for him; the way he had gotten him chucked off the space program. But it all seemed too much to comprehend - except we did get an idea of the man’s death. We knew he was on Fearless, and was scheduled for a space walk. Was he left in space when Fearless blew? If so, where the hell was his space suit?
And what the hell was he doing here? WERE we in the River Styx?’
I don’t know how to describe what happened next. The fuselage, by the body, seemed to go soft, and bit by bit – I’m telling you! – that body dissolved into the cockpit. And finally, it was laid there, with us.

Log Four:

We all feel kinda mad.
We knew it was coming even before that body joined us. It was as if our minds were dislocating from our bodies. We were becoming irrational; a feeling intensified whenever we stared at Nicholson’s body just lying there.
‘I gotta get out of here,’ said Gee. ‘Get away from that body.’
‘There’s nowhere to go,’ said Madison.
‘I don’t care. I’ve gotta.’
It was at that point that a hatch opened in the floor of the cockpit. We all sat there, amazed. 'How did that happen?' I said.
I received a general reply of 'dunno.' 
Me and Madison were wondering what the hell could be down there, clinging on to our rationality the best we could. But Gee was really losing it. He wasn't rational any more. And in a rush, he jumped out of the seat and dived down that hatch.
'Gee!' I screamed after him. But it was too late. And that hatch just slammed shut as he disappeared.
'This is crazy,' I said. 'Crazy, just crazy.'
Madison said: 'Maybe not.'
'What do you mean?'
She leaned forward, smiled. A lovely smile. 'Well think about it. Gee spoke of the River Styx, and a body he would know appeared. Then, he had to get out. And a hatch appeared.'
It was a crazy idea. But it had reason behind it. Maybe madness and rationality were one in this crazy world between the material and the ... spiritual ... ?
But we had to consider the facts. And they said a simple thing. This other-world was answering our thoughts!

Log Five:

Gee came back shortly after, an old man. Or at least, he appeared to be - his hair turned white, his features drawn, eyes dulled. Even his body seemed to stoop. He had only been away a couple of minutes, but by the look of him he'd been away an eternity.
'Gee? You alright?' I asked.
He never answered. Just seemed to stand there, muttering, ruminating, dribbling.
Madison said: 'Come here, Gee. Lie down. Take it easy.'
He was asleep seconds later. But it was a troubled sleep.
He spoke in his sleep - of vast caverns, of twisting, treacherous tunnels, of dark, horrific monsters, and of lonely nights. How could it be? We were in a small starship, and he'd been away for only a few minutes.
As if to answer my question, the hatch opened once more.
Madison took a look at my face and said: 'No, Mr H. Don't even think about it.'
I said I had to think about it and walked over, got down on my knees, carefully lowered my head into the hatch to take a look.
It was an amazing sight, looking into another world; another reality …

Log Six:

'Will you be alright, old man?'
Gee had slept. And awake, he seemed to have all his faculties, if not an extra dose of wisdom.
There could be no doubt about it. He was much older. And in more rational terms, he spoke of his great adventures over the years; of the enlightenment he had realized, all alone.
As he talked, it became clear to me that beyond the hatch was a kind of Dream Room; a place where your mind created whatever reality was in the head. When Gee had first gone down there, it was with fear, and he found things to make him frightened. Then, coming to terms with his own mind, he had wandered aimlessly through endless tunnels and caverns and years and he came to know himself. Whether he had really experienced time was immaterial to the fact that he thought he had. And the result was an old man.
But the problem was. When I looked down the hatch, I experienced a different world - a world of light and beauty and white chambers, speckled with beautiful crystals of many colours. In other words, whereas Gee had entered the Dream Room in a sense of pessimism, I looked, with wondering eyes, into a world full of optimism. And a world I was drawn to.
'You're sure you'll be alright?' I said, again.
'I'm sure.'
And Madison was equally drawn. And together we lowered ourselves into the hatch.
The wide open spaces, the light, the freshness of this world took away the cob-webs of Madison's growing claustrophobia.
She seemed to lose the stiffness of the soldier and began to smile like a woman in her prime, and I thought, I could easily love you, Madison Baines.
For several hours we walked, charmed by the crystals, the hint of white, fluffy clouds above us, and unbeknown to me, Madison was receiving my thoughts, and she later told me it seemed just right.
After a while, we sat together on a mound of soft, white, fluffy material, the consistency of which we had no idea. But it seemed so right, and she placed a hand on my cheek, threw back her hair and smiled.
It was a loving smile and we kissed, and we became the first humans to join the Light Year Club.
Afterwards, the orgasmic tide abating, the chamber seemed to close in upon us and as I blinked I found myself back in the cockpit.
Gee said: 'Well are you going, or not?'
Madison and I looked at each other, and we wondered: had it really happened at all?

Log Seven:

It's a crazy world we're in - a journey where, in our own ways, we had each taken a journey other than our trek through Underspace. For Gee it had been a journey of enlightenment, birthing age-old wisdom, which manifested on his very body. For Madison, it had been a rediscovery of her womanhood out of years of soldiering and competing in a man's world. And for me, it had been a new knowing; a realization that there was wonder in the world and in the opposite sex.
We no longer felt mad. We felt exultant, our minds cleansed and ready for whatever our journey could throw at us. And as we were suddenly ripped from Underspace, and saw the stars once more, we would need this new mood of wisdom and serenity to see us through.
'I think we've stopped,' said Gee. And as the monitors blinked out and then back on again, we knew we had. But for how long, we had no idea.
To our front was a huge, silvery whirlpool of light surrounding an impenetrable darkness. We could feel the power of this phenomenon, and it was Madison who said: 'What the hell is that?'
'A black hole,' I replied.

Log Eight:

It sure was a bang to end the first phase of our journey. This log will soon come to an end, for I will have no time to continue this narrative. It will have to be left to someone else to tell our story, if anyone else ever finds out about it. I hope they do, for it is the greatest journey human beings will ever take. I hope, one day, the truth will be known - the truth about the universe; the truth, even, about ourselves.
A black hole is an awesome phenomenon, where the matter of collapsed stars reaches ultimate density and sucks in anything that approaches, its force of gravity so strong. And it became instantly clear to us all that this black hole would suck us in.
Our journey through the black hole began with a rollercoaster swirl that spun us round and round. And as we approached the event horizon the force of gravity changed inch by inch in space, and we felt our bodies elongated as we passed the point. I remember looking down on my body and thinking: God, I'm over a hundred miles long.
How we survived the black hole I don't know. But as we came out of it, we found ourselves in a silence. The monitors were on but we saw nothing, felt nothing, heard nothing, intuited nothing. We had gone out of the universe and existed in nothing.
Maybe it was the afterlife? Maybe the truth of the afterlife is that it is nothing? In which case, it didn't exist. But how the hell were we experiencing it? How the hell were we thinking in nothing?
Questions, questions. They invaded us, did the questions. But soon they were all to be meaningless as, turning to Nicholson's body, we saw it move, become animate. And slowly, terrifyingly, Nicholson stood up and placed his dead eyes upon us.

REVELATION

Mr H had never seen an animated corpse before, and the sight both appalled and frightened him. But he remained rigid, unmoved. Madison had had more intimacy with death, but even she had to admit that this was beyond normal experience. But in Gee, despite his apparent age, hate arose to cancel out any feeling of fear.
'You bastard,' he screamed as he moved forward, raised his wrinkled hands, and placed them around the corpse's neck.
Nicholson, or whatever Nicholson had become, pushed him away with ease. And as it moved towards Gee, Madison was convinced it was going to kill him.
The soldier returned and she pounced.
Madison Baines never made it to Nicholson. Rather, its hand shot out and hit her clean on the neck. The blow came with such power that Madison flew to the wall of the cockpit, her body crunching sickeningly, and then she lay on the floor, her head at a ninety degree angle to her body, her lifeless eyes staring into nowhere.
Mr H lost his rigidity then. And picking up something, anything, threw himself at Nicholson with such speed that the two of them fell and rolled on the floor.
How Mr H felt when he first clubbed Nicholson, he did not know. But minutes later, when Nicholson's face had been reduced to a gooey, unrecognizable blob, he felt elated. Then, walking over to Madison Baines, he sat down, rested her lifeless head on his lap, and cried.

Where Starship Hero had gone, they had no idea. But Gee and Mr H found themselves stood on nothing, surrounded by nothing, and with no appreciation of time or movement.
The term, Purgatory, came to mind, but after a period of indefinable time a light appeared before them.
They looked at the light and the light seemed to look at them, and Mr H said: 'What are you?'
The light seemed to ponder on this question, as if trying to answer the question in a way they would understand. Finally, it seemed to blink, and said: 'Consciousness.'
Gee said: 'So you're what we understand as God?'
'God?' said the light. 'What is God?'
'A supreme being, in which many of our people believe.'
The light seemed to concentrate again, and said: 'No. I'm just consciousness.'
Mr H said: 'And tell me: Are you a good consciousness or an evil consciousness?'
'I don't understand what you mean.'
Gee thought about how to put it. Finally, he said: 'Do you do things for right reasons or for wrong?'
The light said: 'What a strange question. A thing enriches or it doesn't. Only balance is important.'
'But things must be either good or evil.'
'Ah,' said the consciousness, 'I understand. You're primitive. You still seek power.'
'Now I don't understand,' said Mr H.
The light laughed, became softer. 'You belong to a race where what the powerful say is good, and what the weak say is evil.'
This silenced both Gee and Mr H, for they couldn't think of a way out of that one. Finally, Gee said: 'But you must be evil.'
'Why?'
'Because you animated the corpse of Nicholson. That was you, wasn't it?'
'It was. And you killed him.'
'What else could we have done?'
'You could have waited to see what my emissary said to you.'
 'But he was a thing of evil.'
'Or a thing you didn't understand.'
Mr H lowered his head. Said: 'But we THOUGHT he was evil.'
'So you thought you'd do good. Kill him. Show power.'
'Yes.'
'Such a primitive thing, this good and evil.'
'I'm sorry.'
Consciousness sighed. The light intensified. It said: 'So what do you want?'
'We came to try and reason with a species which we think is about to attack our planet.'
'And why is it going to do that?'
'We don't know.'
'So it must be evil?'
'We assume.'
Consciousness turned out its light and Gee and Mr H were left with nothing. Finally, Consciousness returned and said: 'Do you accept you have committed a crime?'
'But we didn't know.'
'And you didn't wait for explanation.'
Gee and Mr H looked at each other - thought of Nicholson's corpse, of Madison's death. 'We didn't mean to,' they said. 'We thought it was evil.'
'Maybe you need a lesson in good and evil, its stupidity, its error. And maybe then you will learn.'
The light went out and nothingness began to take form, and they were back in the tunnel, falling or rising, traveling or standing still, in physical form or mental, with body or without. It didn't seem to matter anymore. Not in the fabric of the universe. Until, that is, they arrived.

They stood in the heat of an early African sun. They didn't recognize the noises; they were different, somehow primeval. At the edge of their vision they saw what appeared to be an ape. Only as it came closer did they recognize it as an early ancestor of man.
It was female, and they were fascinated by the sight of it; and suddenly, they realized, they had been transported way back in time.
In the sky they heard a whine, and turning their eyes to the clouds, they saw the silver, saucer-shaped craft coming to land. Hiding in the undergrowth, they watched. They watched the curiosity of the primate, and the appearance of The Traveller.
They watched aghast as the bug-eyed rapist did his work and wished, so much, that they could have stopped it ....

They stood in the heat of an early African sun, and Mr H had a sense that he had been here before. As the female Austrolopithecus came into view, they automatically looked to the sky as the silvery, saucer-shaped craft hovered above the ground.
'Something's going to happen,' said Mr H, and as Gee agreed, they moved closer to the landing site, intent on stopping the crime they knew was to be committed. As the bug-eyed alien alighted from the craft, a light appeared before Gee and Mr H and stopped them.
'What are you doing?' said Consciousness as it shone down on them.
'We're stopping it from happening.'
'And you're sure you want to do that?'
'We are.'
'So is it a crime?'
'It is.'
'So is it evil?'
‘We think so.'

They stood in the heat of an early African sun. It was a different place this time. And Gee and Mr H didn't understand why they had been stopped.
Suddenly, in their vision, they saw a female primate on the ground, her belly heavy with child. Running forward, they hid in the bushes and watched as she gave birth. And as Manchild was held in her arms, they froze.

'It was a crime,' said Mr H as they stood, once more, in nothingness.
Consciousness had to agree, but added: 'Yet it gave balance.’
'You mean, without it we wouldn't be here.'
'So do you really want to go back and stop it?'
Mr H knew he did not. And he was confused.
'So welcome to the universe.'
Gee said: 'And what happened to the alien?'
Consciousness said: 'The primate killed him.'
'So they're coming to Earth for revenge.'
'Of course. They believe in good and evil.'
Gee and Mr H were quiet for a long time. Finally, Mr H said: 'You've got to help us. We've got to save our world. You've got to give us a chance!'
Consciousness pondered the request. And then its light went out.
Mr H placed his arms round Madison Baines as they floated in nothingness. He knew she was dead, but he felt it was right for him to be allowed to say goodbye like this. It was, he began to understand, a matter of balance; of enrichment. And as Madison floated off, he turned and faced Gee.
Gee and Mr H stared at each other for a long time. When the sensation began, or what it was, they didn't understand, but they seemed to be being ripped apart chromosome by chromosome. Eventually, they existed only as DNA, and as they floated together in the dark for such a long time, they couldn't escape the feeling that they were one.
Eventually they were in a tunnel again and they saw a light at the end of the tunnel, and as they burst through the light, he felt himself held up by the feet and his bottom was smacked and he cried.
Growing up in the 19th century was an exciting time for him. But HG had a thirst to know more and advance. It was 'The Time Machine' that made him. But he was never to be more touched by destiny than the morning he sat down, adjusted his glasses, and wrote:
'No one would have believed … that this world was being watched keenly and closely by intelligences greater than man's ...'

GHOST RIDER

Rodney Cavendish looked out into the moonlit night from the cover of the trees. Squinting, he could just see the coach approaching along the road. Adjusting his blue frock coat, he placed the mask over his face and rode forward. Positioning himself in the middle of the road, he took out a pistol, and as the coach came to a halt, he said: 'Stand and deliver.'
He was gaining in confidence with this, his third robbery in a week. The coach driver duly dismounted and the four passengers inside disembarked. Riding along the row of victims, he held out a leather bag as, one by one, the valuables were placed inside. But as he came to the last one, the gentleman in question tugged on his horse reins, attempting to dismount the highwayman.
Rodney acted quickly, firing the pistol close by, purposely missing his assailant, but hoping to quell his urge towards bravery. However, noticing that Rodney had no other pistol, the whole crowd decided to dismount him. Realizing the precariousness of the situation, Rodney Cavendish disengaged and rode off as fast as his horse could take him. But not fast enough as the coachman took aim, and the ball embedded itself deep in Rodney Cavendish's arm.

Squire Travers pulled his obese bulk out of the chair as the messengers arrived with news of the latest highway robbery. 'The cad,' he said, 'I will have him this time.'
At that, he pulled on his coat, stuffed pistols in his belt and sheathed his sword before storming out at the best speed permissible and depositing his ample backside on his horse with a thud. The horse protested momentarily, and then, at the head of a squad of six soldiers, he rode off.
Some twenty minutes later, the squad having interviewed the coachman and passengers, Squire Travers decided upon the direction the highwayman would have escaped and continued his search.

Jonathan Blane was unaware of the approaching soldiers as he prepared himself close by. Looking into the moonlit night from the cover of the trees, he squinted, and could just see the coach approaching along the road. Adjusting his blue frock coat, he placed the mask over his face and rode forward.
As he did so, Squire Travers and his company turned the corner, spied him and gave chase. Taken unawares, Jonathan Blane cursed. That impudent imposter has been at it again, he thought, and rode off like the wind.

The morning brought a gentle sun. Jane Myerson walked out of the Hall for some fresh air. Just twenty one years of age, she had blossomed into womanhood and carried her stature well. Her blonde hair and blue eyes gave her a beauty unrivalled in the region.
Her thoughts were very much on the Ball that night. What to wear had already been decided. But there was a hint of apprehension, as she was sure her guardian intended to be rid of her through marriage.
Reaching the edge of the gardens, she was shocked to come across a man laid on the ground. He appeared unconscious. But even in this state, she could tell he was a handsome man. Without jacket, he wore a white silk shirt, and she could see blood on the sleeve.
'Awake, sir,' she said, bending down and shaking him.
Rodney Cavendish heard her voice as if from a distance. Blinking his eyes, he felt pain in his arm and in his head. But the voice seemed to soothe. Opening his eyes fully, a vision of beauty filled him and he thought: I am in love.
'And who are you sir?' asked Jane. 'You trespass.'
Rodney sat up; tried to hide his injured arm. 'My apologies, my lady. But I seem to have been thrown from my horse.'
'And you are, sir?'
'Rodney Cavendish, recently of this parish. And you?'
Jane paused a moment. Formality was maybe not desired in such a situation. But she could tell, instinctively, that this was a good man. 'My name is Jane Myerson,' she said, with a smile.
Rodney was about to continue the conversation when Squire Travers came out of the Hall. 'Jane,' he shouted, 'come in at once. You are not breakfasted.’
Jane Myerson smiled once more and left, leaving Rodney to tend to his wound and depart.

Squire Travers would have called the Ball a success. Dignitaries from all around attended, much wine was consumed and much dancing was had. But most agreeable to him was the possible courtship beginning with his ward, Jane Myerson, and local landowner, Jonathan Blane.
'We must see each other more often,' said Blane as he danced with her once more.
'Perhaps, sir,' said Jane, concentrating hard on the dance, and trying to take her eyes off that vile scar that ran across his cheek.
Blane, himself, found the scar displeasing. It mired his otherwise good looks - although Jane would rather call them rugged, if not a little sinister.
The dance over, Squire Travers asked: 'And how are you young lovers getting along?'
Jane smelled the wine on his breath. She hated this guardian of hers. And she increasingly hated Blane. But she was trapped in her misfortune, and could only look bleakly on her future.

As the gentry danced in the Hall, Rodney Cavendish sat in his house, fuming. The wound was not serious, and he could perform as normal, as long as he didn't cause it to bleed once more. Taking out the ball had been painful, and it had taken him most of the afternoon and evening to recover. But it was all worthwhile.
He had been in the area for just two weeks, renting a small house for his purpose, grand enough for him to be seen as a gentleman, but not elegant enough to arouse interest in the new tenant.
Coming from a reasonably wealthy landowning family, Rodney Cavendish was on a mission. His crude and unsuccessful attempts at highway robbery had a purpose. The area had been plagued by the Ghost Rider for some time - a man who wore a blue frock coat and mask. And in copying him, and presenting a pattern to his robberies, he hoped to draw out the highwayman to kill him.
The reason for this blood lust was equally simple. For a year ago, the Ghost Rider had killed his father during his first known robbery. And when the two met, he would be sure he had the right man when he saw the scar on his cheek - a scar his own father had given him during the fight before being run through with the sword.
Rodney's mood lightened when the pain in his arm eased, and the vision of beauty that was Jane Myerson entered his head. He decided two things then. Kill the Ghost Rider, and marry Jane Myerson.

The next morning found Squire Travers with a headache.
As he sat at his desk, he barked orders and would brook no dissent. An ample helping of wine had helped to stop the thud, and as his appetite returned, he ate regularly from the meats on the plate in front of him.
A knock on his study door distracted him. 'Yes!' he barked.
A servant entered and ushered in Jonathan Blane.
'Blane, my friend, how are you?' asked the Squire.
'Full of desire,' answered Blane.
The Squire laughed. 'A man should always answer his desires,' he said.
Blane sat down, cocked a leg over the chair arm. 'Absolutely.' He leaned forward. 'And that is why I must tell you I must have Jane.'
A glint came to the Squire's eyes. 'And so you shall, good sir, so you shall.' He paused. 'But maybe the process could go sweeter if you, er, helped it along the way financially.'
Blane guessed this would happen. On the outside, he appeared a rich landowner, but he had made some terrible mistakes over the last few years, and his purse was light. This was, indeed, the reason why he had taken up highway robbery. But his plan, now, was simple. Marry Jane Myerson, and then, if the Squire could have an accident a suitable time afterwards, then Blane would inherit the Squire's wealth through Jane.
It was for this reason that he made sure he had enough to buy Jane if the need arose. The deal was soon struck, and he departed.

Rodney Cavendish felt good as he dismounted from his horse at the edge of the Hall grounds. Perhaps it was unlikely that he would see Jane Myerson again, taking a walk, but his heart hoped it could be so.
He leant against the wall, watching the building, hoping for her appearance. But his thoughts turned away from Jane as the gentleman left the house, mounted his horse, and rode down the drive towards him.
Rodney moved back into the trees, so as to be unobserved. And as the gentleman rode by, he couldn't help but notice the ugly scar on his cheek.
As soon as the gentleman was passed, Rodney dived towards his horse and followed him at a reasonable distance. And it was not long before the gentleman arrived home, dismounted and went into his own house.
Rodney dismounted also and waited for the groom to stable the horse. Knowing only too well that if this was, indeed, the Ghost Rider, he was highly unlikely to keep his costume in the house, he waited for the groom to depart and entered the stable. Searching the building from top to bottom, he was just about to give up when he found the secret compartment. And inside, sure enough, he found the blue frock coat, mask and a pair of pistols.
Rodney Cavendish offered a grim smile. His purpose was about to be fulfilled.

Rodney Cavendish was not the only person taking a sudden renewed interest in Jonathan Blane. Jane Myerson had not been in the gardens for Rodney to see because she was hidden behind the door to Squire Travers' study, her ear to the keyhole. And the entire sorry affair was outed to her. And now, enraged, her carriage careered to a stop outside Blane's house.
Disembarking from the carriage, and holding her skirts up to allow a faster rate of walking, she banged on the door.
Presently, Jonathan Blane opened the door, and Rodney Cavendish watched, amused, as Jane Myerson gave him a piece of her mind.
Unable to take it, Blane slammed the door in her face, whereupon Jane kicked the door with her delicate foot, jumped up and down in pain, and stumbled painfully back to the coach.
As the coachman whipped the horses and the carriage departed, Rodney walked out to the side of the road, took off his hat, and offered a reverent bow as the lady passed by.

Later that afternoon, Rodney Cavendish upheld gentlemanly etiquette by calling on Squire Travers to introduce himself.
'So you are the young man people are talking about; the mysterious stranger,' said the Squire.
'Hardly mysterious, sir,' said Rodney, 'simply having a change of environment, a restful holiday, and hopefully finding myself the love of my life.'
'Indeed,' said the Squire, 'you must meet my ward,' at which point, Jane Myerson entered the room, intent on telling her guardian a thing or two about his intolerable behaviour. However seeing Rodney Cavendish in attendance, she was pulled up short. 'Jane, my dear,' said the Squire, 'you must meet Mr Rodney Cavendish, a mysterious visitor to our parish.'
Jane blushed. Rodney held her hand and kissed it. 'A pleasure,' he advised.
Jane turned to her guardian. 'I really must have words with you,' she said.
'Such manners, Mr Cavendish,' said the Squire, looking at Rodney. 'You simply cannot teach the young.' And then, to Jane: 'Now, Jane, dear. Why don't you entertain our guest; show him our exquisite gardens.'
With an angry exhalation of breath, Jane Myerson turned on her heels and walked out, Rodney following behind her.

In the gardens, Rodney said: 'You are to be Mr Blane's intended, I understand.'
'Then you understand wrong, Mr Cavendish,' said Jane.
'I thought I did.'
'You did?'
'Absolutely,' said Rodney.
'And why is that?'
Rodney spun her round. Said: 'Because you are to be mine,' before placing his arms around her and kissing her.

The following morning, Jane Myerson walked with a lightness of foot that matched the lightness of her heart. Rodney Cavendish had the impudence of the Devil, she knew, but never had a man swept her off her feet like he had. For the first time in her life, she thought she felt love.
Her thoughts on the subject were eventually interrupted when, out of the bushes, strode Jonathan Blane.
'What do you want,' she said, angrily. 'I thought I made my views clear to you yesterday.'
And as Jonathan Blane took her in his arms and trussed her over his shoulder, he said: 'And it is time I made my views clear to you.'
Squire Travers clapped heartily as Blane carried his ward to his carriage, but stopped in time to catch the bag of sovereigns thrown his way as the carriage departed.

In a small country parish, news does, of course, travel fast. And in no time at all, Rodney heard from the Squire himself that he would have to look for love elsewhere.
'Why, sir, is that?' asked Rodney as he met the Squire on a ride.
The Squire heeled his horse to ride on. 'Because she is to marry Mr Blane, sir. Goodbye.'
Rodney immediately spurred his horse towards Blane's house. Jane Myerson, on the other hand, was not enjoying quite so much freedom. 'Get off me, you animal,' she shouted as she slapped him across the face.
This was Blane's third advance, one involving the ripping of her dress. But Jane had managed to repel him each time. But now, Jonathan Blane had had enough. A look of determination crossed his face, and he grabbed her tightly.
Jane struggled the best she could as he put her on the floor, and he was about to lie on top of her when the door burst open.
Rodney Cavendish stood, his sword in hand, anger reddening his face.
Blane dived for his own sword and Jane watched helpless as the two men fought. Eventually, Rodney gained the upper hand, Blane losing his sword and pinned to the floor by Rodney's sword digging into his throat.
Jane shrieked as she realized what he was about to do.
'No, sir, you cannot,' she said.
Rodney said: 'Why?'
'Because I do not want to see you hang.'
Rodney thought a moment. Maybe this wasn't the right time to kill him, he decided, in front of the love of his life. He sheathed his sword. 'The lady saves you, sir,' he said. And he and Jane departed.

Jonathan Blane fumed. Hatred filled him as he stomped from one side of the room to the other. He would get his revenge. But how?
It was a stroke of genius that came to him. And once the thought was with him, he stormed out, mounted his horse and rode like the wind to the Hall.
'Mr Blane,' said Squire Travers as he burst in. 'Are not the goods to your liking?'
Blane said: 'The goods are fine, Squire Travers, but I come on another matter.'
'Which is?'
'It has come to my attention that the Ghost Rider is none other than Rodney Cavendish himself.'
The Squire stopped his eating, dried his hands, and was off.

'You are indeed my hero,' said Jane Myerson as she felt comfortable in Rodney's arms, in his house.
'Pleased to serve, my lady,' replied Rodney as he kissed her once more. However, their love making was to be interrupted by the rude arrival of horses outside. Moving to a window, Rodney spied the Squire and his soldiers.
'Take him,' said the Squire, excitedly, 'I'll have this Ghost Rider once and for all.'
Rodney guessed immediately what had happened. 'So Blane intends the last laugh,' he said as he kissed Jane once more, grabbed his sword, and said: 'I will return.'
Darting out of the house, the first of the soldiers was caught unawares and run through. As a further two arrived close by, he fenced them to the ground. And as the Squire himself charged with his sword, Rodney Cavendish dived for the nearest horse and rode off.
In the ensuing confusion, he easily managed to lose them as they chased.

It was an angry and exhausted Squire Travers who turned up at Jonathan Blane's house shortly afterwards. Jane Myerson struggled in his iron grip. Entering the house, he threw Jane to the floor. 'Your property I understand, sir,' he said. 'Might I suggest you keep better control over it in future.'
Blane accepted the admonishment. 'And you have got the Ghost Rider?' he asked.
'No, blast him,' said the Squire. 'But we will have him before long.'
At that, the Squire left the house and rode off once more with his soldiers.
Angered, Blane took hold of Jane Myerson and said: 'You will not escape me again.' Pulling her towards the stairs, he continued: 'I'll make you mine now, for sure.' And as he reached the stop of the stairs, pulling a frenzied Jane behind him, his journey was interrupted by the perfectly aimed fist of Rodney Cavendish. Smiling at his love, he said: 'I think I have a plan.'

The Ghost Rider rode through the night, his blue frock coat sailing in the wind. The night was his, and he felt the adrenalin of his purpose. And up the hill he rode, king of the road, and king of the night. And at the crest of the hill, he looked down on his territory and spied the soldiers.
As they gained, he reined his horse and the gallop was on. Turning, he fired a pistol, but the ball was lost in the night. So he spurred his horse on and he was like the gathering storm itself.
Squire Travers whipped his horse as he gave chase, his soldiers close on his tail. And eventually, he spied an end to the affair. Stopping briefly to look through his telescope he saw the rider emerge from the shadows and disappear into Blane's stable.
Inside, Jane Myerson was ready, and threw a bucket of water over the still, unconscious Jonathan Blane. Coming round, Jane darted through the back door, where Rodney Cavendish was awaiting her.
Jonathan Blane stood, confused, unaware he was wearing his blue frock coat. Hearing excited voices outside, he stumbled to the stable door. And as he emerged, his body exploded in a fountain of blood, as shot after shot peppered his body with death.
Minutes later, an exhausted Jane and Rodney stopped their running and caught their breath. The night, and the future, was now theirs. And they kissed.

SAINT HELL'S

The Church of St Michael's had had more than its fair share of grief of late. Reverend Peter Brownlow was well aware of this, having already buried two parishioners in the last week.
Of course, in itself this was not unusual - a church had an ageing population and the old DO die - but two men under forty in a week? Had he not the strength of God behind him, Rev Brownlow could be tempted to think about curses.
Shaking his head, throwing morbid thoughts aside, he realized that accidents can happen like that. God would have had a purpose, he was sure. Leave such things to the Almighty.
'Lovely evening, Rev Brownlow,' said a parishioner, out for a walk.
'Yes, indeed,' he replied, ‘a lovely evening.'
He stopped in the middle of the churchyard - looked up to the tower of the ancient church. How much life, and death, have you seen, he wondered. He felt the comfort of the building, but was equally aware that it had a sinister aspect to it.
The old tales spoke of the patron, St Michael, fighting a dragon on this site. Indeed, St Michael was often associated with dragons. The Reverend’s answer was simple. Slaying a dragon is symbolic of slaying the old pagan monsters, replacing the old religion with Christianity. Indeed, there were many signs in the local area that the church had originally been built on a pagan shrine. There were thousands such churches throughout Christianity, testament to the power of God over witchcraft and flirtations with the Devil.
As the sun set, he stirred - walked forward to the huge oak doors. Went inside.
The church always had a damp, cold feel at this time of night. He shivered momentarily and walked deeper into the building. However, he felt a different kind of chill this evening; something more pervasive, clinging to his mind as well as his body.
He stopped once more and looked around him. Not usually aware of the flitting shadows, they did, however, feel different tonight … and then the noise, like distant, laboured breathing.
His ears honed to the sound and it was clear it was coming from the altar. He advanced, and as he did so, the sounds grew louder, reached a crescendo. And as they did he recognized the sounds of sex.
'Good grief,' he shouted, 'how could you?'
He stormed up the aisle, determined to catch them in their sacrilege, whoever they were.
He thought he saw a new shadow flit past him, towards the wall, and then a single body began to reveal itself in the dark by the altar.
The woman was half naked, sitting there, her eyes glazed with the passion. Her breasts were exposed, and her underwear lay on the floor beside her. Her long, curly black hair was disheveled, and as she turned her head, she stared as if experiencing again her ecstasy – and as the reverend looked on in shock, a door seemed to slam shut behind him.

'Oh, Eve,' said the Rev Brownlow, 'how could you?'
Eve Johnson sat in the chair in the vicar's study. It was morning, and the sun shone over the church through the window. In her early twenties, she was attractive, but played down her looks the best she could. Wearing no make-up, her hair was tied back neatly but simply.
Rev Peter Brownlow sat behind his desk, a stern look on his face, but within he was aware of the arousal he had himself felt the previous night. Even playing down her looks, he realized a natural beauty about this girl - a beauty that was more than physical. It was almost spiritual in nature.
'So who was he?' he asked.
Eve Johnson smiled nervously. 'I don't know what you mean, Peter,' she said.
'Eve, I caught you.’
She bowed her head. Said: ‘I’m not sure ...'
Rev Brownlow sat forward. 'Eve, you must realize the sin you have committed. It was by the altar.' 
'Yes ... but ... I don't understand. What was happening to me, I mean. It's vague. I think I know what happened. But I don't.'
Rev Brownlow sat exasperated. He needed time to think; work out what to do. 'We'll talk again, Eve. You know we have to.'
Eve Johnson stood up then, her body perfect, and walked out.

Rev Brownlow needed some air - maybe pray for guidance. He gave her a few minutes to leave and then he walked out, breathed the clear air, and walked through the churchyard towards the church.
It was the first time he had been in the church since he found her, and he hoped he wouldn't betray his feelings to God.
The church still felt cold, and he also felt something else.
What was it? A sense of violation? He wasn't sure, but certainly he felt differently about these walls he was within. Somehow, they had changed, edging more towards menacing than peace. And this, he knew, was wrong.
He reached the altar, knelt, close to where Eve had ...
He couldn't think it. He closed his eyes, held his hands together in front of his face. He prayed. But today, God didn't seem to want to answer. It was as if He had vacated this place - left the good Reverend to the forces within - new forces.
Unsatisfied, he finally raised himself. Turned. And stopped.
The body of Geoff Johnson was laid behind the first row of pews, his legs stuck out at an awkward angle. Rushing over to it, the dead man's eyes stared his way, full of new knowledge. Knowledge that Rev Brownlow knew no man should ever realize.

Detective Sergeant Helen Carthew took a last look at the church on her initial investigation. The scene had calmed down now. The body was gone, the forensics, looking alien in their white suits, had departed. The bungling uniforms were no more, and even the rather pompous vicar had stopped hovering around.
Only now could she get a feel for the crime scene. And her first reaction was to shiver.
Pushing back her shoulder length, light brown hair, she controlled herself; told herself it was just a church. They can do this to some people - especially ones as old as this.
She had the basics of the case - the infidelity of the wife the night before, then her husband found battered to death at the very scene the next morning. The vicar had been helpful, here, and it seemed an open and shut case - either the wife, or the lover; as simple as that. Until the vicar had continued:
'But, of course, Sergeant, he isn't the first death. We've had three in such a short time.'
Well, he can pack that in, she thought. Please, please, please, keep it simple.
She exited the church and made her way across the churchyard. But she couldn't help but feel, as she walked, that she was being watched; perhaps even willed back. She shivered again, throwing off stupid thoughts, and walked into the vicarage.

Eve Johnson and Rev Peter Brownlow were waiting in the vicar's study. DS Carthew intimated that the reverend should leave them to talk.
'Absolutely not,' said Rev Brownlow, 'she is clearly not in a fit state for too many questions.'
DS Carthew sighed. Sat down. 'Okay,' she finally said, leaned forward, turned to Eve. 'I'm sorry to hear about your husband,' she said.
It was difficult to decide if Eve was distraught, or in some other state. She appeared more comatose that grieving, as if she wasn't in full control of her faculties.
'When did you last see your husband, Eve,' she asked.
'I ... I'm not sure ... Last night, I think,' said Eve, trying to gather her thoughts. 'Yes, last night - after - when I returned home - about nine thirty.'
'And did he seem alright?'
'Yes. I'm sure he did.' Was that a tear about to fall from her eye? A slight shiver of the body? 'And then he got a phone call.'
'Who from?'
'I don't know. He just picked it up. Listened. And then he said he was going out.'
'And did he?'
'Yes.'
'When did he come back?'
'He didn't. At least, I don't think he did.'
DS Carthew sat back. Eve Johnson had had an affair, she thought, and soon after being caught in the church, her husband receives a phone call, drawing him out of the house. So either Eve was lying, or her lover had made the call and killed him.
She sat forward again. 'Eve, who is the man you are having an affair with?'
Eve Johnson remained silent. Then, the tears came.
'Eve,' continued DS Carthew, 'you must answer me. You must.'
Eve collapsed then, unconscious. And as she fell to the floor, Carthew was certain she said: 'I don't know.'

'The doctor says she'll be alright,' said the sergeant, half an hour later. 'Just a little overwrought.'
Rev Peter Brownlow stood by her, in the churchyard. 'Well you mustn't ask her any more questions today.'
Helen realized he was right. 'Okay, vicar, but tomorrow I need answers.'
'So do I, detective,' he said, his eyes straying to the church. 'Something is happening - something is wrong.'
'It seems a clear cut case to me,' said Helen Carthew.
'If you ignore the other two deaths,' he replied.
Helen sighed once more. 'Look, vicar, at this time there's no need to complicate matters. Both deaths were clearly accidents.'
'Maybe.'
DS Helen Carthew made her goodbyes then walked off to her car - drove away.

Rev Peter Brownlow bolstered his will and walked, once more, into the church.
It was different yet again. He could feel it in his bones, in his mind, in his very soul. In one sense it was colder, in another more claustrophobic. And the stonework itself seemed to be getting darker, the windows shutting out ever more light. And those shadows. Not just dark, but as black as ebony.
For a second, he thought he saw someone - someone dark of complexion, tall, with ebony black hair and soulless, ebony black eyes.
The eyes stared into his very soul, and Rev Brownlow thought he knew this man - had been acquainted with him most of his life. And then he was gone. He hadn’t had time to have walked into the church or departed. Yet he was gone. And in his wake, the Rev Brownlow smelt the stench of detritus, an acrid, pungent smell, and he knew he needed help.

Jack Masters sat at his desk, padding away at his lap-top.
Dressed in slacks, shirt and tie, a jacket draped over his chair, he appeared very different regarding the normal people in his profession - if, indeed, you could call it a profession.
He hated the term, ghostbuster. It was such rubbish, usually encouraged by the more bearded, scruffy, mystical battalions who usually went around 'busting' ghosts by searching for imaginary vibes.
His latest research was intricate, but with a myriad of hi-tech devices to help him, he could cut down the work involved. And the results slowly manifesting on his lap-top seemed to confirm his findings. 
It had been known for some time that electro-magnetic energy could cause chemical changes in the brain, which could create all manner of strange visions, from hallucinated entities to mystical experiences. And seeing it is known that thunderstorms cause changes in the electromagnetic spectrum, perhaps the old stereotype of the ghost appearing during stormy nights was not as far-fetched as it appeared. And his survey, comparing recent sightings to meteorological records seemed to be confirming his view. Ghosts DID seem statistically more likely to appear during such meteorological activity.
His musings on the issue were disturbed by the ringing of his door bell.
'Blast,' he said, but stood up and answered the door. Reverend Peter Brownlow stood before him.
'Vicar,' said Jack, 'we meet again.'
Indeed, they had met on several occasions. It was the burden of priests to be often contacted by people who suffered from supernatural intrusions. Often, Peter could sort such issues out himself - the odd word of comfort here, an exorcism there - but from time to time he needed more focused help. And Jack Masters was always his first port of call.
'This one is a bit different, Jack. I think something is happening to my church.'
'In what way?'
'I'm not sure - a presence of some kind.'
'And you want me to check it out?'
'Yes. But with urgency.'
Jack rubbed his chin, intrigued by the vicar's apparent agitated state. 'Why's that?' he asked.
'Because it is a murderer.'

Jack Masters loved old churches such as this. So atmospheric, so easy to make people see things that are not really there. But having talked to Rev Peter Brownlow for over an hour the previous night, the possibility of a presence that could kill three people and induce some form of supernatural sex in a young parishioner was a mystery he just couldn't wait to solve.
He set up his equipment in record time, situated strategically around the church. Tape recorders, video cameras, night vision equipment, infra-red monitors, heat sensors - all were part of his armoury.
Rev Peter Brownlow stood, fascinated, as Jack worked. 'And have you ever recorded anything with this lot?' he asked.
Jack answered sardonically. 'Not really.' He was now sat on a pew, lap-top open as he worked out the statistically most likely places for any form of 'interference.' Soon, he was set up. Checking the readings, he said: 'You know, Peter, this church is all wrong.'
'What do you mean?'
'You can work out from volume, draughts, etc, just which areas of a room should be cold and which warm. In this church, it's all reversed - as if something else is causing heat disturbances.'
'Like a presence, you mean?'
'I'm not sure. But something is definitely not right.'
At that point, the lap-top screen suddenly burst into activity. Jack Masters looked at it - spectral images coming and going as he looked - and he realized this may be the case he had been waiting for.
Presently, Rev Brownlow took a look at the screen. 'Is this designed to get you in the mood, or something?’ he asked.
‘I don't know,’ said Jack, ‘it isn’t me.'

An hour later, DS Helen Carthew entered the church. She looked at the equipment around the building then spied a man huddled over a lap-top.
'Who are you?' she asked.
Jack Masters looked up, smiled. 'Who are you, too?' he answered.
Helen flashed her ID. Said: ‘Are you some kind of private eye, or something?’
'No,' said Jack. 'I'm a parapsychologist.’
'A what?'
Jack sighed resignedly. ‘I investigate the paranormal.’
Helen sighed. 'I take it Rev Brownlow has brought you in to catch his presence.'
'That's right.' 
'And you believe all that tosh?'
'I don't know,' said Jack. 'But scepticism shouldn't stop us trying to find out.'
'Maybe it should, if it’s obvious such things don't exist.'
At that, DS Carthew turned on her heels and departed, in search of the vicar.
Jack returned to his lap-top, but immediately noticed a decrease of temperature in one of the corners. At that instant, light bulbs exploded in the church, plunging him into darkness. The walls seemed to close in on him, and in the corner he was certain he could see ebony black eyes staring straight into his soul.

Rev Brownlow sat in his study with Eve Johnson. DS Carthew had phoned earlier and told them when to be ready for further questions.
Eve seemed a little better today, but was still confused, not sure whether to grieve, as if something else had been implanted in her mind, more important than her husband. She kept getting flash backs of the other night, and waves of pleasure swept through her, and in her mind's eye, she kept seeing a dark haired man, with dark, ebony eyes.
Peter Brownlow was having his own thoughts. He found it difficult to look at Eve. Her sensuality seemed to be increasing, and he felt, at times, as if he could lose control. Is this how the future rapist feels, he said to himself.
DS Helen Carthew entered the room. She sat by Eve, looked at her. 'Have you thought about telling us who you were having an affair with?' she asked.
Eve shook her head. ‘I wasn't. I’m sure I wasn't.'
Peter Brownlow said: ‘But Eve. I saw you. You were definitely with someone.'
Eve shook her head once more. 'Not someone,' she said.
'What do you mean?' asked Helen.
Eve clammed up then; resumed her almost comatose state.
Rev Brownlow said: 'You won't get anything else out of her, I'm afraid.'
Helen sighed. ‘I’ve got to try.’
Peter said: 'You shouldn't really. She’s had such terrible problems in the past. There’s no wonder she shuts off.'
'What kind of problems?'
'I really can't say.'
'Of an abusive nature?' fished Helen.
'Possibly.'
She left it, then. It was a cycle she had witnessed before, troubled girls, escaping from a form of abuse, but they never escape the memories. They so easily clam up. It will be more difficult than ever, now, to find out who the man was. Resigned to failure at that point, Helen and the vicar walked out into the churchyard for some air.

Jack Masters came out of the church at that point. Met them in the middle of the churchyard. 'You need more light bulbs, Peter,' He said.
'Why's that?'
'Your presence has just exploded them.'
'You mean I've got a poltergeist?'
'Oh, please!' retorted Helen. 'I suppose next you'll be telling me it was the poltergeist who had sex with Eve.'
Peter and Jack both offered her a knowing look.
'You can't be serious,' said Helen, walking off.
Peter Brownlow went into the church, while Jack Masters chased after Helen. 'Wait up,' he said. ‘There’s a pub down the road. Fancy a drink?'
Helen Carthew was about to say no. But looking into Jack's eyes, she saw a pleading - perhaps a little danger - which changed her mind. 'Okay,' she said, and they walked off.

Helen and Jack sat at a table, drinks in front of them.
'You'll never convince me, you know,’ said Helen.
Jack said: 'It isn't all that mysterious.'
'What do you mean?'
He sat back; assumed lecture mode: 'All myths have their evil presence, or devil. Universally, we know him as the trickster, and he gets into your mind, and you make a pact with him.'
'But that's just myth,' said Helen. 'It isn't real.'
'But it is,' countered Jack. 'If you analyze myth, it soon becomes clear that ancient gods were really aspects of the human mind itself. Myths were our dreams, expressed communally.'
'You are joking.'
'Not at all. Freud actually used myth, such as Oedipus, to relate to the mind. Carl Jung went further, actually classing mythological beings as specific archetypes in the mind.'
Helen had heard of that one. 'Okay, even if you're right, it's still only a thought.'
'Yes, but if someone begins to think like a devil, doesn't that devil begin to exist in some form? Don't those thoughts guarantee he continues to manifest?'
'In the mind, maybe. But you're talking of such thoughts creating him in the real world.'
'A thought can create a hallucination,' said Jack.
'Yes, true.'
'So if many people have the same thought, and they all share the hallucination, then it exists outside the individual person's mind.'
Helen's brain reeled. 'But could people share the same thought?'
'Often. Haven't you ever heard of spontaneous behaviour causing hysteria?'
She had to admit she had. 'So what you're saying is that a process of hallucination and hysteria in a group can cause a kind of entity which is separate from any individual involved.'
'Yes,' said Jack. 'And once created, it has a separate existence.'
'But if you're right, you're saying this presence, this entity, had sex with Eve Johnson. Now that has got to be ridiculous.'
Jack smiled; a smile that bore into Helen and caused an involuntary shiver. He said: 'Haven't you ever heard of the vampire?'
'Yes, of course. But that doesn't exist either.'
'Doesn't it? Literature is full of attested cases of the Incubus and Succubus; entities that come to you at night and have sex with you. It’s clear that what is happening is an extreme dream. But all the physical effects of sex are involved.'
Helen had heard of that, too. 'But that's a personal thing, not communal like you're talking.'
'Most cases of poltergeist surround a disturbed, pubescent girl. Sexual energy let loose.'
Helen thought momentarily, her senses becoming heightened as she stared into Jack's eyes. 'So sex and the devil go together. Is that what you're saying?'
'The Christian image of the Devil is based on the Greek god, Pan, who presided over orgiastic cults. And man may make a pact with the Devil. But the Devil of man has often made a more sinister pact with Eve.'
Jack's eyes were staring intently now. It was as if a devilish sexual energy had been released between them. And Helen felt it too. He placed his arm around her. 'You see Helen, sexual energy IS supernatural.'
They had sex that night; their own highly charged pact.

As Helen Carthew and Jack Masters cemented their relationship in bed, taken over by the spirit of sex, Rev Peter Brownlow had a sudden impulse that not all was well in his church. As he sat in his study, attempting to work on his next sermon, he heard a voice in his head beckoning.
Slowly, perhaps automatically, he stood up.
He first noticed the man as he crossed the churchyard. He had seen him before, briefly in the church, but forever in his dreams - a tall man with dark hair, and ebony black eyes. He was a handsome man, but cruel, his smile holding within itself all the evil of a sneer, whilst also appearing like a wolf's frenzied jaw.
He was stood by the door to the church, and Peter Brownlow knew he had to pass this man. As he approached, it became hard to define just which was the man and what was the entrance; which was flesh and what was stone. Maybe the man was both alive and part of the church itself. Just as the Devil is one with Christianity then maybe the presence is there in all churches, just as it is in all minds.
Peter breathed heavily as he approached the man, or was he approaching something else? Was the man becoming vapour as he approached?
He passed through the man, and through the door, and entered his church, and the walls seemed to move towards him, threatening to crush him, and the shadows swept over his body and a cold finger touched his mind. And then there were the sounds. And then there were the sights - of three widows and ecstasy and sacrilege.
Peter Brownlow froze as he saw them. A deep chill entered him. And as they writhed by the altar, a dark haired, ebony eyed man beside them, Peter Brownlow thought he could so easily be that man.

It had been a long time since Jack Masters had enjoyed sex quite so much. Maybe his work was getting to him, consuming his energy, his emotion, too much. Or maybe that spirit from deep within - that primeval urging to sex - needed another to awaken it, to make that damned pact.
Helen Carthew was having similar thoughts. As they lay together, she couldn't remember a time she had been so casual about sex. What had this man done to her? Or had he done anything? Didn't she want this as much as he did? Or maybe their communion was beyond both their control. Maybe it was to be. Maybe the Devil had decided, and then they were one.
Presently, Helen said: 'So what do you intend to do now?'
'You again, I think.'
'I don't mean that. About your presence?'
'You mean you accept that it exists?'
'No. I think we're dealing with a crime, pure and simple. But I can see motive in what you say. The idea that sexual urges and other more sinister thoughts are produced by an immortal frame of mind. Yes, that makes sense, but the rest is rubbish.'
Jack Masters climbed out of bed - walked over to his laptop. 'So you'll be interviewing Eve again tomorrow.'
'I've got to. I have to know who she was having an affair with. If I don't get an answer soon, I'll have to arrest her.'
'And if she says the Devil?'
'I'll have her psychologically assessed.'

They had disappeared from his sight now, the writhing widows. For a moment Peter Brownlow thought they had simply vanished, but he had a sense that they had walked out of the church, Eve touching him as she left.
He enjoyed that touch. It had brought him alive. And he found it increasingly difficult to fight the urge and grasp rightness.
The church pressed in on him even more, and he had the sense that all goodness had disappeared and he was no longer in God's house, but in a deeper, more primeval pit. The shadows continued to touch him, to wrap themselves around him, to entomb him.
And then suddenly, they unwound and formed close by him, and in their form the tall, dark haired, ebony eyed man appeared, and Peter Brownlow knew him.
'What do you want?' he asked. 'Why are you in my church?'
When the man spoke, it was with a deep, cutting, rasping, grating sound. 'It isn't what I want, is it Peter?'
He knew what he meant. He knew his thoughts. He knew this presence was not only within his church, but within him.
The man's face changed - became more evil, more threatening, more menacing. He raised his hand. Said, 'but she is mine!' And a force encompassed Peter Brownlow, and took him ...

Helen Carthew climbed out of bed, her nakedness unable to grasp Jack Masters' attention from the laptop. She knelt by him, put her arms around him. 'You work too much,' she said.
Jack laughed. 'You can say that again.'
She pressed into him, determined to stop him, and an urge began inside Jack Masters and he relented, moved away from the laptop, mounted her on the floor.
As he thrust their passion was again aroused, yet in the back of Jack's mind was the feeling he was being watched.
Momentarily, he looked to the laptop, and he was sure he saw the face of a dark haired, ebony eyed man. He turned away, reached a crescendo, but it didn't stop. Helen writhed below him, frenzied, as if taken by something else. Her arms pulled at him, as if she wanted to consume him, and he felt that this was so close to pain.
He opened his eyes, and connected with hers, and saw their ebony blackness, and saw into her primeval soul, and he knew they had been transported to another place. And as they finished, Helen Carthew screamed.
Jack followed her gaze - to the laptop. And they saw inside the church. A swirling wind filled it. And at its centre, levitating twenty feet above the floor, his arms outstretched as if being crucified, his eyes the embodiment of terror, was Rev Peter Brownlow.

'It's got to end now,' said Jack as he stood in the church.
Peter Brownlow looked drawn. When Jack and Helen had rushed into the church the previous night, he had no idea what was happening to him. All he knew was he was on the floor, in a cold sweat, and every part of his body ached. As for what he had experienced, a dark veil of secrecy had descended, perhaps to protect him from his own thoughts.
'I'm not sure it's appropriate,' he said, aware of the dark powers that could be unleashed in his church - even darker than those he felt he had already experienced.

The sun had set on another night, the moon risen, heralding the primeval.
Helen Carthew and Eve Johnson stood by them, Helen bemused, sceptical, while Eve was aware of a denouement.
They huddled within a mathematically perfect chalk pentangle, Jack Masters kneeling down by his laptop, making sure from the instructions that he had done it right. He had been learning the words all day, now sure that he could call up the presence he wanted, and be protected, within the circle, from the forces of evil.
'It's like those old Hammer films,' said Helen, 'drawing a circle to keep evil out, protecting the good. You don't think it will really work do you?'
'I think if we think it will it will.'
They huddled together as he began the incantation. For many seconds, nothing happened. Then, slowly, the texture of reality began to change. The church darkened, became blacker than anything they had ever experienced - blacker than man should ever experience.
The shadows mingled - blacker than colour allowed - as they shrouded eternity, but an eternity from another place. And slowly the shadows swirled and a face appeared, then a body, and a tall, dark haired, ebony eyed man stared for eternity into their eyes.
He stood there, at the periphery of their vision. When he smiled, it was mirthless, showing yellowed teeth, and he moved forward.
Helen Carthew gasped as he did so. Between them and him, to the left and to the right, whiteness appeared, and she was sure she could see angels.
He stopped. He could move no further forward, but the smile remained.
Jack said: 'Are you really the Devil; the Fallen Angel.'
His rasping voice. 'I fell as Eve fell, and all evil from then to now is born from those thoughts.'
'So we are your Creator, not God.'
'And for as long as you desire one another I will be there at the back of your mind.'
'But if I don't desire you, I can destroy you.'
'If your desires were not the most powerful thing you possess.' His laugh filled the church, their minds. 'Too powerful for you to fight.' His mood changed - became sinister. He stared at Eve. 'I want her now,' he said. Then he focused on Helen – his eyes moving up and down her body. Helen felt the icy gaze as a physical thing and shivered. 'And then, I want her.'
He walked forward again. The whiteness of the angels intensified, and then there was a ping and he disappeared.
Momentarily, there was a sigh of relief, then Jack shouted: 'He's broken the circle. He's got in. Look!'
From the screen of the laptop he smiled his sinister smile. His hand beckoned to Eve, and in a second or a lifetime she seemed to dematerialize.
All eyes stared at the screen as she appeared before him, submissive. His body encompassed her, entered her, and in his thrusting she split, her blood filling the screen, and her death throes mingled with her sighs of ecstasy as she died.
He stood, looked at Helen. 'And now I want her.'
Jack Masters placed himself between Helen and the laptop. As a macabre hand began to reach out of the screen - as he felt Helen pulled towards it behind him - his mind raced. And then, as if a revelation, he knew what he had to do.
He dived at the laptop and pressed 'delete.'

The light had returned. Rev Peter Brownlow knelt by the altar in prayer. Helen Carthew knelt also - by the still body of Eve Johnson, lying on the floor. A later post-mortem would diagnose a heart attack, but Helen was no longer sure of its correctness. She was no longer sure of anything.
'Did that really happen?' she asked.
Jack Masters thought deeply. 'Was it real or was it a hallucination?' A theatrical pause. 'Does it really matter? Isn't the fact that we can think it enough to damn us? And either way, Eve is dead.'
He held out his hand. Helen took it, and together they walked out of the church. Momentarily, Helen asked: 'Can anything conquer it?'
Jack looked into her eyes, felt a different stirring. He smiled. Said: ‘Yes.'
'What's that?' asked Helen.
'Love,' said Jack, taking her into his arms and kissing her.
But even as he did so, he thought of his laptop and knew he – it, the Devil - was still alive, thriving in the new hell man had now created.

WHO SHOT SANTA?

The tills jingled. Shoppers, by the hundred, rushed to and thro, here and there, as they did their last minute shopping, the shopping centre a hive of activity, like a festive ant's nest. Festive songs echoed through the cheery, but labyrinthine chambers, interrupted by the bargains, communicated to all, and resulting in waves of humanity as they scurried to buy the cut-price goods.
Behind the tills, assistants adorned with tinsel sweated as they tabbed the keys, slid the money in, oiling the commercial juggernaut that was Christmas. At no other time of year could the businesses do so well, so magnificently tying tradition with enterprise. Long may Christmas reign, they said, so we can get fat.
Billy was in awe as he watched this thriving, grown up world about him. Just seven years old, this was the first Christmas he could claim to have full consciousness of. Of course, he did have memories of other Christmas times, but they were fleeting, disjointed memories; memories of Christmas Pudding and colourful presents and carols. But this time, as he held his mother's hand, the whole experience was firmly in his head, and it was an adrenalin-surged one at that.
He also had recent memories that said it might not have been like this. Somewhere in his mind was a dark memory he didn't like …

'Well I've had enough,' his father had said, a few weeks before. 'I can't take any more.'
Billy had been watching through a crack in the door, his vision clouded by a tear.
'You can't do this,' said his mother, 'not now; not so close to Christmas.'
'Christmas! Stuff Christmas. That's half the problem - DVDs, new trainers; and of course, it has to be foreign chocolates now. British stuff is so "out".'
'But it's for Billy. Isn't he worth it?'
'That's the point, love. You keep saying it's for Billy. But it isn't. I don't know who it's for. Maybe it's the society we live in today. But if it isn't spend, spend, spend, then you don't live. Well I'm sorry. I can't afford a family any more. It's all too much. I'm leaving.'

Nick Hobbs looked upon the scene in the shopping centre in another way. Thirty years of age with a rugged face, he had had, in the main, a hard life, but he had brought it all upon himself. His career had begun with petty theft. Soon, he had advanced to joyriding to impress his friends. And when the bigger boys saw potential in him, it wasn't long before he took on the more organized jobs - a bit of protection here, a spate of pushing there, and the armed robberies.
Christmas Eve was the perfect time for the 'job' he had in mind. Just a month out of prison, and hardly a penny to enjoy Christmas himself, he knew he had no choice. He was determined to have a good Christmas this year, having spent the last three with prison turkey.
Slowly, stealthily, he seemed to merge into the shadows of a corner of the shop. Dressed in black jeans and black sweater, he reached into his pocket and took out the black ski mask, placed it over his head and then retrieved the pistol from his other pocket.
His heart beat fast as he prepared himself. Then, in a mighty lunge, he broke through the door into the cash room, held out the gun, threw the clerks a bag, and said: 'Fill it.'

Billy was becoming increasingly excited as the activity round the shopping centre continued. He knew mother had little in the way of money this Christmas, but despite his problems he was determined to enjoy Christmas, too.
That night, he knew, Santa would come and leave him his presents, and in the morning he would open them, and later, he would have turkey and Christmas pudding, and after that, dad was allowed to come round. And the next day, Boxing Day, dad was going to come again and take him to his new flat.
Billy had been to the flat quite a few times already. It wasn't in a very nice place. The old council estate was a mess - even little Billy realized that - but dad had made it cozy and warm. But Billy still wished dad was living at home, where he could see him every day.
Billy was contemplating these things when his mother suddenly stopped and sighed. 'What is it, mom?' Billy asked, tugging on her arm.
His mother sighed again, looked several times in her purse and then forced a smile. She knew she couldn't afford it, but said: 'Come on, then. You're going to see Santa.'
Billy jumped up and down in his excitement as they walked over together to the Grotto.

If Nick Hobbs had really thought about what he was doing - really wondered why he had spent so much of his life in prison - he would have realized he was just no good at this game. But the criminal mind is a fantasizing mind, where the impossible is possible, and when the possible proves impossible it blames anyone but himself.
Things went wrong for him as soon as the bag was stuffed with money. Turning to go, he rushed for the door, his getaway perfectly planned, when one of the clerks held out a leg and tripped him up.
Nick Hobbs fell heavily to the ground, and as he fell, he caught the gun on the side of a desk and it fired.
Outside the office, he heard a hundred gasps followed by silence. Immediately he began to feel hot. Standing up, he pointed the gun at the clerks.
'Don't move,' he screamed, 'don't move, or you're dead,' and slowly he walked out of the door.
Dozens of shoppers stared at him as he went out the door. He knew it was all going wrong again, and security would be there in seconds, and seconds after that, the police.
'Stay back,' he screamed, pointing the gun, waving the gun, not knowing who to target, not really wanting to shoot any of them dead. Then, in panic, he began to run.
Momentarily, he found himself outside the shop, and along the Mall he saw a line of children waiting eagerly to go inside the Grotto to see Santa. Thinking quickly, he realized there must be a back way out of the Grotto. And beginning to run once more, he headed straight for the children.

Billy was becoming increasingly excited as he waited in line to see Santa. His mother realized this excitement, patted him on the head, said: 'Calm down, Billy. Don't worry, your time will come.'
But it had little effect on Billy, his little heart racing faster and faster as he waited.
To his left, he saw the black shadow descending on the children, but was too focused on the Grotto to notice what it was. Then, in an instant, the man dressed in black raced into the Grotto ahead of the children.
'Hey,' they all said in unison, 'wait your turn,' feeling cheated. But to no avail.
Inside the Grotto there was a sudden sound of a struggle, a loud shout, and then the blast of a gun.
Outside, the shoppers scattered, but the children were in too much awe to move. What had gone on? they wanted to know, and questioning eyes scanned the curtains to the Grotto. Then, suddenly they twitched, parted, and out came Santa, an agonized look on his face.
Billy watched Santa as he stumbled out of the Grotto, noticing that part of his red tunic was redder than it ought to be. Then, slowly, Santa fell to the ground and closed his eyes.
Behind him, the black clad man appeared, stood there, rigid, as if a statue.
Billy turned to him, his whole world falling apart. With hate in his eyes and courage in his voice, he raced forward, arms flailing, screaming: 'You shot Santa!'
As Billy hit the man, Nick Hobbs was brought back to reality.
His predicament was far from over. Indeed, what had just happened seemed like a bad dream, out of his control. But he forced clear thought and suddenly saw a way out. Reaching down, he grabbed Billy round the waist, lifted him up, held him to him.
'Don't move!' he screamed at the people slowly moving towards him. 'Stay back or the kid gets it.' And as his mother screamed, and young Billy kicked, Nick Hobbs raced back into the Grotto, and away.

The man sat in the pub, a pint of beer in front of him. He had had many pints previously, but they didn't seem to be having any effect. And this was annoying, for all he wanted to do was sink into oblivion. For he was alone, and for those all alone, Christmas could be a terrible time.
He had convinced himself that it wasn't his fault he was alone. He had tried to save his marriage. There was no question that he loved his wife, or her him. And as for his son, Billy, he was the most beautiful thing in the world. But life could never be as simple as that. For happiness, he had decided, was based not on love any more, but what you could afford. Without enough money to provide for a family, then you had nothing. And with the rising cost of Christmas, he knew it was all too much and could take it no more.
A tear came to his eye as he wished he was richer. But he was not bright or gifted, and didn't have the thrusting personality you needed, today, to get on. So he placed his beer to his lips and drank. And then drank some more.
Eventually, his money almost gone, and still feeling in the world, he sighed, stood up and left. And off he went back to his flat.

That Nick Hobbs had cocked up there can be no doubt. But the last thing HE would do would be to admit it. Rather, he considered it a stroke of luck that he made it to his van with the boy and the money, and managed to evade being followed. Thus, as he pulled up in the car park below the block of flats in which he lived, he was quite pleased with himself.
Threatening Billy, he had succeeded in inducing a state of being quietly comatose. Through most of the journey, the boy had huddled in the back of the van, sucking his thumb and quietly crying.
The thoughts whizzing through the boy's mind were many, but principle were that he wanted his mom and Santa was dead. And in a little boy's world view, this was apocalyptic.
Billy offered only a half-hearted kick as Nick Hobbs picked him up out of the van and carried him into the back foyer of the flats. As normal, the elevators weren't working, so Nick Hobbs carried him up the graffiti covered stairs, up to his flat and slammed shut the door. What he intended to do with the boy, he had no idea; he never planned that far ahead. But for the time being, he plonked the boy down on a chair, looked at him viciously, and said: 'Merry Christmas.'

Back at the shopping centre all hell had, of course, broke loose.
Children ran about the place screaming and crying over the death of Santa, whilst mothers and other adults gathered around the old man, lying there. With none of them conversant with first aid, the odd prod was used to unscientifically determine life or death. However, within two minutes of the event, paramedics turned up at the scene and pronounced that Santa was alive, but barely. And a few minutes after that came the police.
Leading the investigation was an inspector slightly smaller than the norm and with pointy little ears he didn't like. Announcing himself as Detective Inspector Elfington, he hurriedly began preliminary investigations with vital witnesses. However, after only an hour, a deep depression seemed to overtake him. For the simple fact was no one had seen the man's face or the actual shooting, and no one even knew where he went. That he was wearing gloves became obvious, and so skillfully had he cased the place that he had successfully evaded every camera in the centre prior to donning his ski mask. And what is more, he didn't even have a clear modus operandi for the villain.
'What we need,' he said in all seriousness as he left the centre, 'is a miracle.' And he just didn't think Christmas was going to be as obliging as that.

Billy had no idea how long he sat, quietly shaking, on the chair. Hobbs had said nothing more to him, and the boy observed him going about his business in the flat. Counting the money had been his first priority, and, suitably satisfied with his take, he had sat back in his chair, gulping down volumes of whisky, before chuckling to himself, raising his fist in the air, and going 'yes!' But what does an armed robber with a hostage do after that?
In asking the question, Nick Hobbs had to arrive momentarily upon reality. Suddenly, and for the first time, the full importance of what he had done dawned upon him. Suddenly he realized he was now more than an armed robber, but also a child abductor.
This was an immense realization for an armed robber who had spent years in prison, for there is a certain honour among thieves. And the principle rule of that honour is that they feel themselves superior to the pervs and nonces who abduct children. And whilst the last thing on his mind was any form of child abuse, he knew damn well that, if caught, his fellow inmates would not see the difference. And he had no intentions of going through years of hell inside like the pervs did.
For several minutes he paced up and down, allowing the realization to settle in his mind. And finally, he came to a conclusion. This time he could not get caught - which meant there could only be one fate for the boy.
The boy, he decided, must die …

When your whole world falls apart, all that is left is a shell. You move out of the realm of emotion and enter a zombie like state, where everything left is unemotional and hostile.
Billy's mother was experiencing this world of utter despair as she was taken home and placed on her settee, a well-intentioned constable by her side.
'Don't worry, we'll get him. Billy will be alright,' she said as she made a cup of tea.
But it was no good. No comfort could break into that shell; no respite could be had to ease the pressure, the loneliness, the sudden pointlessness of life. Rather, the constable watched and felt and hoped. But in such a world she now occupied, Christmas was gone, and the utter pointlessness of it all struck her.
Christmas, she suddenly realized, was about relationships. And everything else was just trivia we could so easily do without.

But how do you kill a child?
How do you take a little thing like that and snuff it out?
These were the questions that were now occupying Nick Hobbs. But let us dispense straight away with the idea that these were moral questions. It never entered his head that it was a moral problem. He never considered the rights and wrongs of the problem; never wondered if he should. No, Nick Hobbs wasn't that kind of person. The ultimate pragmatist, his questions were not about 'why' or 'should', but about 'how', or 'when', or 'where.'
As he sat on the settee, Billy was coming out of his comatose stage and adapting to the situation he found himself in. Any fairy tale world he used to inhabit disappeared, and he began to worry, in his little way, about his situation.
Up to a month or so ago, he would have been too young and inexperienced to think in this more grown up way. But that was before his parents split up; that was before reality had hit him smack in the face, and he had had to consider grown up things like living with one parent and only seeing the other occasionally; like, why are my parents doing this horrible thing to me; or why can't parents be more grown up like me.
But now, Billy was thinking even more horrible thoughts; for as he looked at Nick Hobbs, he realized that if he didn't do something quick, he was going to get hurt - like Santa.
It was at about this time that Nick Hobbs decided he would strangle the little boy in the flat and then bury him somewhere in the countryside. And to this end, he said, 'don't move', before leaving the room momentarily to get a sheet to wrap the boy in.
Of course, Billy had never been the sort of boy to do as he was told. Hence, as soon as Hobbs was out the room, he ran for the bag of money, headed straight for a window, opened it, emptied the hundreds of fluttery, fluttery notes into the air, and then headed as fast as his little legs would carry him for the door.
He almost made it. But with just a few feet to spare, an immensely enraged Nick Hobbs separated his fingers from his thumb, and pressed them tight around little Billy's throat …

The old lady sat by the hospital bed, a tear in her eye.
About her a nurse hushed about, doing this, doing that, hovering between the patient in the bed and the myriad of buzzing machines connected to his frail old body. Momentarily the old lady leaned forward, stroked her husband's white hair and smoothed down the huge, bushy white beard he had spent so many years growing.
The old man laid there, seemingly oblivious to the world, his shallow breaths as he fought for life, just registering on the monitor by the bed. But he was a magical kind of person. It was too early to tell if he would live or die - to be frank, the odds were clearly stacked against him - but locked up in his miraculous head, the old man was communing with his God; pulling, unconsciously, upon his spirit every reserve to fight … for he owed it to the children.
The old lady knew the stubborn old stick would be fighting like this; of that she had no doubt. It seemed as if she had been with him forever, and knew also that it was at Christmas he seemed to come alive, have purpose, and ultimate happiness in sharing. They had seen different phases of life pass them by, seen society descend to the trivial, commerce induced society it had now become, but knew that their mission in life would prevail, and the true spirit of Christmas would arise again. At least, she hoped it would; was sure that these were his thoughts.

Behind her, Detective Inspector Elfington placed an arm on her shoulder, pulled her to him.
No words were spoken. None were needed. It was clear he was infused with emotion. Over thirty years in the police, he had never felt like this before. For Elfington was a father and grandfather, and for years had delighted in the smiles and happiness on those children's faces, and he thought, how can Christmas be anything less than magic, when it has an effect on the young like this.
But also, he thought of the tabloid headlines. 'Who Shot Santa,' they would say. Leading up to Christmas, there would be pages and pages of in-depth detail; of the future for Christmas; of what the children would think. And through it all would be demands. 'Why isn't Elfington finding the gun man?'
'Is he up to the job?'
'Will the children forgive him?'
And he could not do that to the children. This was a job he just had to do. And do it well. For how else could the magic of Christmas be maintained?

Billy's father had nearly arrived home at his flat. Well, at least, he had nearly arrived at his flat, for he couldn't, ever, call it home.
As he walked, he was thinking about the magic of Christmas, too, and where it had all gone. It just wasn't right to be this depressed, this miserable, at Christmas. But he could see no way out of the problem. Without the money to support a proper level of comfort for his family, he felt too much a failure. Love, he decided, just was not enough. But how he missed his wife and son, and how he wished things could be right. Oh! How he yearned for a miracle.
It was at this point, as he passed the adjacent block of flats to his own, that twenty pound notes began to flutter in the air about him. Momentarily he looked up, seeing notes by the hundred fluttering down. For many seconds he was shocked, unable to believe it was happening.
Soon a carpet of money began to lay itself at his feet, and as a hysterical laugh broke from his mouth, and as he knelt down and began scooping the money hungrily, he, too, began to believe the magic of Christmas was fantastic.
For how long this mood continued it was impossible to say.
During such profound moments as this, time is immaterial; as immaterial as the money he was cuddling. But out of such extreme insanity, a moment of sanity emerges. And when it does so, the shock is overwhelming.
The shock entered his head, travelled down his neck, by passed his shoulders and emerged in his hands. They snapped open and he dropped the money. Then it returned to his mouth and he said: 'What am I doing?'
Looking up, he spied the open window on the third floor and knew that miracles didn't happen like this. Something, he knew, had to be wrong. And thus it was that he ran to the entrance to the flats, and rushed as fast as he could up the stairs and banged heavily on the flat door …

Little Billy had never seen the world like this before.
Whereas the world had been defined and sharp, suddenly all he saw was a swimmy, snowy world where things went round and round and merged. Neither had Billy ever been unable to breathe before. But suddenly, all the little things in his body that meant life began to wind down. And what was a drum doing, beating in his ears?
However, as time went on, a different kind of beat entered his ears, and from all the chaos inside him, a sensible thought emerged and said: 'There's someone banging on the door.'
Nick Hobbs heard the banging, too, and moved Billy further away from the door. But in doing so, his hold of Billy's body lessened. And taking advantage of this development, Billy raised his little foot and kicked Nick Hobbs as hard as he could between the legs.
Not strong enough to do damage, it was, however, enough for a second of shock. And in this time, Billy let out as big a scream for help as he could.
Outside the flat, Billy's father heard the scream. And although he didn't know it was his son inside, it was clearly enough to warn him that a child was in danger. And with a mighty thrust of his whole body, he broke the door open.
The sight he then saw - the villain, Nick Hobbs, holding his son in a death grasp - produced rage. Flying across the room, he launched himself into Hobbs. Together, they rolled onto the floor, little Billy pushed aside, recognizing his father and through everything, shouting: 'Go on, dad, give him one.'
But alas, Billy's father was a usually peaceful sort, and Nick Hobbs soon had the better hand, with a perfectly placed fist to the side of the head, and a debilitating kick to the shins.
At this point, Nick Hobbs could have ended it. But Nick Hobbs always made a mistake. And his mistake, here, was to decide to run. And out of the room, he bounded.
And a father cuddled a child.

Detective Inspector Elfington had arrived back at the police station, increasingly exasperated at his lack of success. The media were congregating outside, all major news channels intending to run the story as the headline. And it was obvious they wanted a happy ending before the next day.
Looking briefly out the window, Elfington was disgusted - for even an armed robbery, and the shooting of an old man, was being exploited for maximum effect. And what if he failed? How will the children feel that night, thinking that Santa might not be around that night?
However, these depressing thoughts were interrupted by a ring of the phone.
'Elfington,' he snapped. Then, 'come on, we've found him.'

Nick Hobbs was running as fast as he could, knowing the man who had broken in would be onto the police in seconds. Cursing the fact he had forgotten his van keys, it didn't take long before he heard the first siren.
Cursing, he headed for the town centre, hoping that he could evade capture in the anonymity of the crowd; especially a hustling, bustling crown on Christmas Eve, with everyone getting into the festive spirit and not knowing each other.
But by now Elfington had a picture of the occupant of the flat. And in a stroke of genius, he copied it as fast as he could, and had it posted all over town. And who would not take in the face of a man wanted for the shooting of Santa?
And so it was that every move that Nick Hobbs made was reported to the police, and Elfington soon had him boxed in around the town's main square.

For the first time in his life Nick Hobbs felt like a cornered rat. The situation was becoming increasingly hopeless as armed police surrounded him. And when, from a corner of the square he heard the feverish chants of children by the hundred screaming 'kill him,' he knew the game was up.
With his hands above his head, he walked out into the open, the huge bulk of the town's Christmas Tree towering above him in triumph. And as Elfington took him off to the cells – as he screamed his innocence regarding the shooting - Hobbs knew he was to choke on prison turkey for every Christmas of his life.

Billy's mother had been increasingly excited as she sat at home, hearing reports of the progress by the minute.
'Billy's been found.' A break - excruciating break. 'He's alright.' A sense of relief. 'He's on his way home.' Delight. And now the car pulled up outside.
First, her estranged husband got out. Then the patter of tiny feet as the boy darted out and into the house and jumped into his mother's arms.
They cried together as they hugged, he clinging tight round her neck, her soothing him lovingly - and to their side, hovering uncertainly, the father.
Eventually, his wife looked up to him, Said thank you.
He felt awkward, not knowing what to say. What to do.
Expectantly, Billy looked at his father, and then his mother, and hoped.
Difficult seconds passed as all three had their private thoughts of what they wanted. But Billy's were not overshadowed by the rigours of life. By the hurt it can bring. By the lack of compromise grown-ups can endure.
Finally, the spell was broken as his father said: 'Well. Bye.'
Billy's heart ached as his father left the house. He yearned to call him back, to tell him to stay, for everything to be alright.
And then there was the other problem. What about his presents? How could Santa possibly bring them?

Later that evening, Billy was granted a special request.
His heart pounded as his mother guided him by the hand down the corridor. And as he walked into the room, he felt purpose.
It was a kindly, if sad, old lady who greeted him.
'Hello,' she said, 'you must be Billy.'
Billy said yes and sighed. Then he looked towards the bed, to the old man with the huge white beard, his face pale and his eyes closed. Slowly, he walked up to him, placed his hand in his, sniffed back a tear and smiled.
A moment's silence followed before Billy spoke. And in a shaking voice he prayed for Santa to get better. ' ... 'cos you must. Christmas can't be Christmas without you. And all the children, never to see you again. I couldn't live in a world like that. So get better, Santa - please. You don't have to carry all those presents. I don't care. Just a cuddle will do. As long as it's from you.'

Billy had been in bed an hour when he heard movement downstairs. Silently but excitedly, he moved out of his room and stood by the top of the stairs. For long seconds he heard talking and he strained his neck forward to peep into the living room door.
It wasn't Santa he saw, but his father, his mother in his arms, and he was saying sorry, and that he'd been stupid, and nothing was more important than love. For with love, anything is possible.
Billy's heart sang as he thought of his future from now on; of his parents together, of money no longer important, and love the ruler of his world. But still Santa had not come - would maybe never come.
Eventually, through conflicting emotions, he fell asleep.
But within sleep there is a time when sleep gives way to a strange world and Billy woke up in this world and in front of him was an old man with a white beard and he was smiling.
Billy rose out of his bed when he saw him, and the old man raised his arms and beckoned.
Billy ran to him then and, as Santa hugged him, he felt whole, and the world was wonderful. And all over the world the magic arose and all the homes were visited.
And the next morning an old lady smiled as her husband opened his eyes, his recent journey complete. Of course, Elfington was there, too. He had to be. He’d interrogated Nick Hobbs for quite a while and knew what was true and what was false – especially when it came to violent crime.
‘And how’s the Christmas spirit this morning? He asked.
‘Better than of late,’ said the white bearded man.
‘I think I know a family who’ve discovered Christmas anew.’
‘As have I,’ the old man agreed.
‘It was quite a struggle, then?’
‘Yes.’
‘But it won’t happen again.’
‘No.’
And though it may only be a seasonal thing, both Elfington and the old lady knew he'd still be there for the children next year.

About the Author

1955 (Yorkshire, England) – I am born (Damn! Already been done). ‘Twas the best of times … (Oh well).
I was actually born in the year of Einstein's death, close to Scrooge's Counting House. It doesn't mean anything but it sounds good. As for my education, I left school at 15 and have had no formal education since. Hence, I'm self-taught.
From a family of newsagents, at 18 I did a Dick Whittington and went off to London, only to return to pretend to be Charlie and work in a chocolate factory.
When I was ten I was asked what I wanted to be. I said soldier, writer and Dad. I never thought of it for years – having too much fun, such as a time as lead guitarist in a local rock band – but I served nine years in the RAF, got married and had seven kids. I realized my words had been precognitive when, at age 27, I came down with M.E. – a condition I’ve suffered ever since – and turned my attention to writing.
Indeed, as I realized that no expert could tell me what was wrong with me, I began my quest to find out why. Little did I realize it would last decades and take me through the entire history of knowledge, leaving me with the certainty that our knowledge systems are inadequate.
My non-fiction is based on P-ology, a thought process I devised to work with patterns of knowledge, and designed to be a bedfellow to specialization. A form of Rational Holism, it seeks out areas the specialist may have missed. I work from encyclopaedias and introductory volumes in order to gain a grasp of many subjects and am not an expert in anything, but those patterns keep forming. Hence, I do not deal in truth, but ideas, and cover everything from politics to the paranormal.
When reading my work I ask only: do I make sense? Of course, an expert would say: a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. I agree. And an expert has so little knowledge of everything.
I also write novels and Flash Fiction in all genres. Check out my bookstore for more details.

Connect with Anthony

Smashwords Author page: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/anthonynorth
Anthony's Website: http://anthonynorth.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Anthony-North-184587364887515
For details of more social media, check out my website
  
