Chapter One

Milo was pacing the tiny cell, like he had a million times over the passing centuries. Unknowing where he was, or exactly how long he had been there. He knew they meant to keep him alive though; every night when he awoke there was some sort of tiny caged animal for him to devourer. Sometimes it was a squirrel or a hefty rat whatever his captures could find he supposed. The only thing that kept him sane was the thought of Alexandra. “Soon we will be together again. I know you are alive and well, I know that you are searching. That is why I keep going on and do not sleep for the rest of eternity.” Milo said these words aloud to himself every time he awoke like a prayer that would lead her to him.

Occasionally he would awake to see a bundle next to his captured prey. The bundles typically had a change of clothes. One time there was a comb, a few notebooks, pen and paper to write. Once he figured out the wonder of the pen he was a mad man writing everything he remembered from before he was captured.  He would write long letters to Alexandra telling him how much he missed her, how much he loved her. How he wanted to hold her close to him. He also began to draw pictures of her eyes or the emblem over and over again. 

Sometimes he could hear music through the walls, some was music he knew from centuries ago. Some was new and strange sounding to him with the electric instruments and the banging of the drums. He didn’t mind though he liked that it blocked out the ear piercing silence. He would dance to the familiar waltzes with his invisible partner, when the new music played he would merely sway back and forth to the beat. “I wonder what Alexandra thinks of this noise? I wonder if she still dances the waltz.” He would think of many questions like this, he would go and write them down.  When they were reunited he could ask her what she thought of all this progress.

 He never saw the faces of strange persons who kept him hostage. Though he knew Jasper was involved. Several times he called from the cutout they sent bundles through. No one ever answered but from the sounds outside he knew people were there. The only time the door opened was when the new mattress was brought in. He guessed that happened about twenty years ago.  He was set to go into a deep sleep; they must have realized he was slumbering when the bundles built up against the little opening. What had seemed like a short time passed. He heard the grinding of stone against stone, he wasn’t sure how long he had slept maybe four days. In the darkness came two figures dressed all in black with masks covering their faces awkwardly carrying a heavy object that he couldn’t quite make out. They dropped their load in the middle of the small prison then continued to go through opening. When they saw that they woke him they sprinted toward the door. He was on his feet to catch after them. They were already pushing the stone door back in place though, but he was able to get a glimpse of what was outside the stone door. He became depressed when all he was able to see was more stone. There was no light or opening visible. He was hoping to see a way out, no such luck it seemed he was in a small prison locked inside of a larger one. Milo was however able to tell that his captures were also vampires by how swiftly they were able to exit the room and put the stone door back in place.  He fell into despair fearing there was no way Alexandra would be able to find him. After that nothing large was brought into the room again. 

The wing chair in the corner had been there since he was first captured and for a long time had been the only thing that wasn’t made of rock and dirt. The small table he made himself with the leftover crates items had been delivered in.

He went to the wing chair to write in his journal, he turned on the flashlight and set it on the table so the light shown upward. They started sending him flashlights every few nights along with his meal. He still asked for candlesticks though because he liked to read in the yellow glow the flame provided.  He stretched his legs out, grabbed his journal and began to write. Since he didn’t have a calendar to keep track of the days, months and years he had been here he developed his own system.  By numbering the entries one through thirty since he didn’t know what month he was in he figured thirty was a good number to use for tracking the days. Then he would write what “month” he was on he was starting on his next month.

Date 1 of 2:

I am certain I have been here for approximately two hundred years if not longer. I have not been moved since I was taken from my lover’s side. I am so desperate; I fear I will never see my love again. She must know that I am alive and well. Not well, but alive at least. She must realize that I am here waiting for her to come and save me so we can be together again. 

I still remember the first time we were together; we were twenty at the time.  This was on the same night Jasper came to our parents Inn. He was eyeing her in a way that made my skin crawl. She had told me not to worry he would be gone in the morning. We went to our house that was located on the south side of the Inn across from the stables and kitchen entrance. We walked up the second floor Mary-Jane was already a sleep in her little bed. I remember my baby sister with her golden blonde locks that were naturally curled into perfect ringlets. Her cheeks were so adorable with a slight rose glow to them. She had brilliant hazel eyes with flecks of green; her perfect cherub mouth was always smiling. How I miss her running up to me when I got home.

Milo stopped writing his mind was racing with thoughts of his precious sister “Milo I missed you! I helped mamma make supper. I made a special biscuit for you just wait and see it.”  He sat quite for a moment then continued his writing.

Alexandra continued up the stairs as I followed behind. I could see her hips moving side to side almost taunting me. I continued behind her my mind racing with how much I loved her, not in the same way as I loved Mary- Jane. No I loved her the way a man loves a woman I wanted her, to feel her warmth surrounding me. We had shared the attic room since Mary- Jane was born five years prior. She walked over to her bed that was separated from mine with a washbasin. I sat next to her on her bed, and put my arm around her shoulder.

Milo had again stopped writing, he just wanted to engross himself in the memories, not write them out for the hundredth time. 

His arm was around her shoulder, which wasn’t an odd thing to either of them. “Alexandra, why does that new guest make me so uneasy? My skin seems to crawl when he is around. I hate the way he looks at you.” He said this why lightly rubbing his thumb over her shoulder. 

“Why does it bother you? He will be gone tomorrow night at the latest he said so himself.” She said this all very easily letting him continue to lightly rub her shoulder. “Milo, my shoulders hurt from helping carrying the grain. Will you please rub them for me?” she turned to face him and lightly batted her eyelashes. He didn’t need to be asked again. He moved to sit behind her. She slipped her arms out of her simple dress to expose her bare shoulders.  Milo was lost in the moment he wanted nothing more than to remove her entire dress and burry his face in her breast to kiss the sweet flesh he was never able to see. 

Before he could start rubbing her shoulders Alexandra got off the bed standing in front of him. She let her dress fall to the ground around her feet; he could see all of her, as she stood naked before him. Her glorious breasts, the smooth olive tone skin, her stomach flat and wondrous then the small patch of dark hair. He wanted badly to touch her, to kiss her starting at her breasts making his way down her stomach to her womanhood. He looked into her eyes, those glorious violet eyes; they were trimmed in red as if she would cry. 

“Alexandra what is the matter why do you look as if you will cry?” he was off the bed walking toward her. She didn’t back away as his arms enclosed her. He wasn’t being sexual at this moment he was concerned for her. 

She began to tremble as she spoke, “Milo I have a terrible power that I cannot tell to anybody. I know what you want though, you want me, and I want you as well. I see your thoughts of the two of us together entangled and naked and I want that as badly as you do. I just don’t know why I can read these thoughts from your mind.” 

Milo lifted her face up, he could see into her stunning eyes. He wasn’t even taken aback by her confession of such powers. “If you do have the power to read peoples thoughts it is a great power. Because that means you know how I feel and I do not have to hide it from you. I do want you more than I ever wanted anything in my life. I am sorry for being direct but I want to love you Alexandra. I want to love you the way no other man could ever dream to.” With his last remark he felt his cock grow hard against her but he did not hide it.  In fact he pressed himself closer to her. He wanted her to know what was going through his mind without having to read it.

“Milo.” She sighed. She moved her head up towards him, her eyes still turned down. Before he could react her lips were on his. He felt himself kiss her tenderly, while her tongue parted his lips. He pulled her even closer to him her hands on his back he backed away to take his shirt off. She was already working on his breeches. He laid her down on the bed behind her; he gently climbed on top of her not wanting to enter her until she asked him to. 

“Milo, my love please be gentle with me.” She said as she watched him examine her body she could see the hunger and lust in his eyes. Which was contradicting to his gentle caresses of her breasts, he lightly dragged his finger down her stomach.

 “Do not worry my beloved I will not do anything to harm you.” He bent down to kiss her neck while he laid his palm over her womanhood, he could feel the heat and the moisture it was driving him mad. He wanted this to be about her though. His palm was massaging her, while his lips were on her neck. He whispered into her ear. “I love you Alexandra. I want to make you happy.” She moved his hand behind her; he had a hold of the small of her back. She kissed him on the mouth moving down his neck then he felt her push her hips into his. His organ entered her only for a moment and he went crazy with desire. He sank himself into her fast and hard for that moment he forgot to be gentle. Once he realized his error he was making sure he hadn’t hurt her. “Are you okay my beloved?” He asked while flexing himself inside of her. 

“Milo, I don’t know if I can handle this.” He could see she wasn’t enjoying this as much as he was. He slowly withdrew himself, as he did her expression began to change.  With her hands still on his back she moved him slowly back inside of her. Biting her lower lip, smirking.  He slowly withdrew, then slowly and forcefully he entered her fully. “Milo, do it slow like that.” 

He was ecstatic that she was enjoying this. He continued his slow pumping his mouth was on her ear lightly kissing it between whispers “Yes my Alexandra. I want all of you.” She moved her hips a little faster now, he followed suit. They were in a world of their own. They were lovers, this brought tears of joy to Milo’s eyes. 

“Do not cry Milo, then I will cry. I will no longer be able to enjoy the feeling of you moving inside of me.” She groaned his name which sent chills down his spine. 

“Oh my lovely I am going to explode.” 

“No Milo wait for me.” At that moment he felt her back arch as her hips met his in one last hard thrust, they shuddered. They regained composure over their bodies and lay there together entangled in one another.

“See my love; I knew what you wanted, I gave it to you. I will always give you what you want. I love you. There is no one for me but you. Promise me you will not leave Milo. Promise me you will be mine forever.”

 Milo was sobbing against her quietly when he heard these words. “Alexandra wild horses couldn’t drag me away. I love you so much I want nothing more than to be with you. To make you feel this way always. I will never leave you, never. Do you understand?” She ran her fingers over his back; he loved just laying against her. 

“Yes I understand. Let's sleep now love.” He rolled off of her to climb into the other bed. “Where are you going? I want you here next to me.” He enthusiastically climbed into the bed next to her, to snuggle next to her warm body, and nestle his face into her auburn hair. 

“I will never leave you Alexandra. I love you for now, ever and always.”

“These memories bring me joy and pain all at once.” Milo said as he rose from the chair and walked to the bed to stare at the drawing of Alexandra. He sat down with a sigh. He looked at his drawing, “Find me soon love, I don’t know if I can hang on much longer.” He laid down as sleep took over his mind. 

Soon he was dreaming an extraordinary dream, there was a deafening explosion, and the stone door was just rubble on the ground. There in the doorway was Alexandra, yet she was different there was a powerful, mystical aura about her. She was running to him, he was planted to the bed he couldn’t move. She landed on his lap to straddle him she showered him with kisses. He still couldn’t move though, he wanted to touch her, taste her, but he could do nothing. There was another person with her, that didn’t seem to care she was practically raping him. This figure began gathering everything from his prison. She was whispering in his ear now, “Milo, I am here. I have found you. We will be together again; I have been searching for almost two hundred and fifty years. It has paid off though. We will be together. I love you Milo, I love you for now ever and always.”

He awoke with a start. “She knows where I am! She will save me! It will not be like the dream though. I will ravage her when I see her, I will be so lovingly forceful she won’t know what to do!” he shouted. He packed the left over crates with his journals in hopes she would read them and know that he never stopped thinking about her. He was thrilled he went to his journal to write down his dream, 

Date 2 of 2:

I will be leaving here soon. I am not sure when exactly but I will be leaving. She knows where I am now. Soon she will be in my arms. Thank the heavens my love is on her way. She came to me in a dream kissing me. There was another person with her who cleared out this prison. She is coming, she is coming and I will be free once more!

He ate his meal tonight they had given him a rat. It didn’t matter to him anymore for he knew soon he would get something far better than these trapped animals. “I will drink from the ones that held me here I don’t care what or who they are I will bleed them dry.” He thought all this as he danced the waltz with his invisible partner. Humming familiar tunes, wondering how long he would have to wait. 	

His mind was racing with questions he would ask her. He went back to sit and write in his journal.

Date 2 of 2Continued

I am so thrilled about leaving. I hope she comes soon. Some things are still unnerving about the dream though. For instance, why did the stone door implode like that? Who was the figure taking things from the room? I wonder what the world is like now. When I last saw there were only carriages pulled by horses, I wonder if that is still the main mode of transportation. I wonder what makes that odd sounding music I hear through the walls sometimes. I wonder why fashion has changed. The clothes I have been given are always different from what I am used to wearing. Granted they hold themselves up better than the breeches of the past. Before I had to work through buckles and ties now it is just one button and this zipper and I am good to go. Not that I have anywhere to go. I cannot wait until I can hold her in my arms, to smell her, to kiss her, to ravage her the way I have in the past. I love her. I will give her all the letters I have written over the last two hundred and fifty years, that is what she had said in the dream. That sounds correct I have slept for very long periods of time which is why I only guess around two hundred. It doesn’t matter we will be together. We will have each other for now ever and always. Just as we always promised each other.

He packed his journal into one of the crates; he did not want to forget it. He went to lay down on his mattress with his arms folded behind his head. His dark hair was a little mused but he didn’t care. He began to laugh at his thoughts, “I hope I do not smell, I mean it is has been over two hundred years since I have bathed. Well one of the perks of being a vampire I suppose, no odor.” He rolled over lying on his side staring at his packed crates. “Soon so soon I just know it.” He was in a half sleep remembering the night they were given this immortal blood.


Chapter Two

He wasn’t quite sure when it happened, but one morning when he woke up he realized he loved her. He loved Alexandra more than anything or anyone in the entire world. They had started sharing the room in the attic since little Mary-Jane needed the room next to Mamma and Papas’. He was reluctant at first, this room had become his haven away from anyone, but Alexandra was his best friend, his fraternal twin, in fact if you didn’t know better you wouldn’t think he wasn’t part of the family at all. The family had an olive skin tone while he was pale; he had green eyes while John and Roberta had blue eyes Mary-Jane had hazel eyes. Alexandra was special though the only person ever known to have violet eyes. The family owned an Inn in Salem, along with a stable. The whole family worked as one unit to keep things running smoothly. This made it so they didn’t need a large amount of hired labor and in turn kept more profit for themselves. Milo and Alexandra had a tutor to teach them for four hours a day the rest of the time they were to help with the family’s businesses. Milo would work in the stables with the horses while Alexandra worked in the Inn cleaning the rooms, and waiting on people in the restaurant downstairs. Milo was continuously getting into arguments and fights with other boys and young men who gawked at his sister. No one ever really saw him angry though. He would just seem perturbed with the other men and boys in town.

When they were nineteen they went to Cape Ann to go swimming and see the shops and other attractions. While they were there a man, possibly older than their father had asked Alexandra directions to the nearest Inn. She told them of the family Inn, Milo watched with intent eyes ready to come to the rescue if need be. Usually Alexandra never needed anyone she had a way of taking care of herself. Milo later learned she would use her witches’ gifts to see the thoughts, of others. This time was different though, when she turned to leave the man he grabbed her by the arm and brought her close trying to embrace her. She started pounding her fist against his chest screaming for Milo to help. Milo had found a piece of broken dock and ran up behind the man. He swung the board like a bat hitting the man in the back of his head. The blood gushed out in front of everyone, he thought they would condemn him; he didn’t care what they thought though. Alexandra was pressed against him lightly sobbing. “Thank you brother you saved me from God knows what.” To his astonishment people were cheering for him, they were glad he had stopped this man.  A few men told him “Good looking out” or “Way to stop that waste of skin.” Some women even showed thanks saying no one protected them from this same sailor. 

When word got to Mamma and Papa they weren’t as kind as the townspeople had been. “What is wrong with you?” Mamma had asked, “You killed that man Milo, you could have handled that differently you know. You should have told him to keep his hands off, not wallop him with a board!” 

Papa wasn’t any kinder, “I understand you had to protect your sister now you will be called something like the Van Den Arend murderer opposed to a Van Den Arend twin! Think before you act next time boy or there will be dire consequences.” Milo had, had enough he ran up to the attic bedroom and was laying face down on the bed when Alexandra came into the room. 

“Thank you Milo, if you hadn’t been there I might have been raped or killed or both. He rolled over to face her as she sat on the edge of the bed. 

“Alexandra, I hate when the men look at you like that. I hate to hear them talk of you and of how much they want you. I hear them ask Papa for your hand, yet he will not. Every time a caller comes my heart sinks thinking they will take you way from me.” He immediately regretted telling her some much of his feelings. 

“No one can take me from you, we are like one. I will never leave you Milo. Even if I get married we will build a house right next door and you can live with us if you wish. You and your wife we will all live together in one house with all of our children running around and playing together. It will be marvelous.” She kissed him on the forehead and went back down stairs to help with Mary-Jane.


Several months after the Cape Anne incident as it came to known, a noble man who went only by Jasper started coming by to stay at their Inn. He would stay at least two times a month. He kept odd hours but since he was willing to pay extra Papa did not mind. He would call for a room in the early hours before the sun came up and would be gone at dusk. He told them not to disturb him during the day that he would come out at night as the sun easily burnt his fair skin. It was indeed fair; it looked almost like the porcelain on Mary-Jane’s baby doll. The sight of him sent chills through Milo, he didn’t trust him. Alexandra was serving the last round of drinks for the night when he arrived. Milo saw Jasper was taken with her in fact he seemed to sense her before he saw her. 

He walked over to speak to her, “Kind, pretty girl whatever are you doing working in such a place as this humble Inn?” 

Alexandra was instantly turned off by this man, “This no humble Inn it is thee Inn. I am here because it is my family that owns this Inn as well as the stables.  I wish that you not address me ever again.” Milo gave a triumphant smile. Alexandra caught his eyes as she gave him a look he had never seen her give before. He was slightly frightened, yet he was also aroused it was almost a look of seduction. He shook it off and headed out to finish his nightly chores. He hoped it would take his mind off of Alexandra. How he wished that were a look of seduction, how he wished she knew what lied in his heart of hearts. “ I wish you knew how badly I want you.” He said aloud to the almost empty barn. 

 “Who do you want badly?” she asked. As always Alexandra, had come to sit next to Buttercup her favorite horse and watch Milo work. 

“What are you talking about Alexandra?” 

She gave him a knowing look, “I heard you, so do not lie to me.” She hoped off the fence post, grabbed a pitchfork then she leaned on it the way Milo was and mimicked him. “And I quote; oh I wish you knew how badly I want you.” 

She began to laugh, but Milo was upset, “Shut up! What I was talking about isn’t any of your concern.” She had put the pitchfork back and was standing so close to him she had to look up to see in his eyes, “It does when it is me that you want.” He was speechless; she took his hand as always and the walked back to the house. That night had brought many things out of both of them. There was the confession of Milo’s feelings and of Alexandra’s powers.

With Alexandra’s confessions came lovemaking like he had never dreamed of. He had her all to himself; once their act of lovemaking was done they cuddled together and slept. When he awoke the next morning to see her naked body pressed against him he nearly cried from the pure delight of it. She looked up at him with those big violet eyes. He was putty in her hands as she slid her hand between his legs to feel his growing organ. She sat up next to him in the bed. “I want to do it again. I want to stay in bed and make love to you all day.” She was kissing the crook of his neck. He was gone. This time he wasn’t as gentle he entered her slow and hard reaching behind to grab her buttocks kissing her neck and ears. 

“Oh you feel so good to me; I want to stay this way forever.” 

She was moaning in his ear saying his name with a passion he could have previously only imagined. “Milo, I want to scream your name, but I know we cannot.” He was thrusting himself hard inside of her and she was meeting his every thrust digging her nails into his back making him all the more eager. Then he felt her shudder underneath him. He pinned her hips down with his own as he reached the climax. He continued to lie on top of her. She was panting as hard as he was. “Milo, I love you.” 

“I love you too my darling.” 

If the town thought they were inseparable before it was nothing compared to what the next three years brought. Several times throughout the day they were seen going into the forest together for hours on end. During this time the witch trials were going on. To be seen walking off into the woods for hours on end was highly suspicious. One time Sarah Child followed them, Sarah had always wanted Milo, but he would never allow it. She would get him drunk thinking he would give into her, but he never did. She was a girl obsessed; at least that is what many of the villagers had said of her. She saw Milo nearly rip Alexandra’s clothes off as he lifted her up and pinned her to a tree as he thrust himself into her over and over, Alexandra panting hard while practically screaming his name. With that the rumors were spread. Sarah Child told anyone that would listen that she followed the two into the woods that she had seen them in this sin of the flesh. However, not everyone believed Sarah since they knew of her obsession with Milo. During this time frame the noble man Jasper had come many more times to talk business with their father. Every time Alexandra grew colder and colder to him finally she confide her reasoning to Milo. 

They were lying in bed after their third lovemaking session of the evening. “Milo.” His head was lying down by her breasts, which he was still suckling on. “Yes love?”

 “If I told you something that seemed entirely unthinkable would you believe me?” 
He stopped his foreplay to look into her eyes, “My love if you told me you could make this house fly. I would believe you because you are my powerful little witch who can read the thoughts of everyone. You are my gentle lover who makes me want to purr like a kitten. You are my queen and I will believe every word that comes out of your perfectly kissable mouth.” He kissed her gently letting his tongue massage hers. His left hand went down between her legs to massage his secret treasure trove, when he felt the heat grow he moved back on top of her. She was moaning and moving her hips signaling him to do as he pleased. He entered her slowly taking extra care, once he was fully inside she began moving her hips in a slow circle under him kissing every part of his she could reach. He continued his slow penetration until they came together. 

Alexandra started giggling, “Why must you always do that? I was trying to tell you something important!” 

He laughed back at her, “Because I cannot resist such a pretty witch as yourself.” 

She ran her fingers up and down his back he moved so he was lying beside her. “You are going to have to try this is important. Jasper the nobleman Papa has been dealing with. He is not human he something different something possibly evil.” 

Milo pondered this for a minute before he raised himself up to lean against his elbow. He was idly running his finger around her exposed nipple. “I see, is that why he cannot go out into the sunlight?” 

“Yes, exactly! So you do believe me?” She was absolutely beaming.

“Yes I do believe you I get the same feeling. Something is entirely wrong with that man. Come on let's get dressed and go have a talk with Papa.

Their talk with Papa ended up an argument that brought forth the truth that about everything. Starting with the fact that Papa had practically sold Alexandra like a farm animal to Jasper. Second there was the revelation that Milo and Alexandra weren’t even related. This led to Papa chasing Alexandra out of the house into the woods. 

Milo had always thought he wasn’t related to anyone in the family due to all the different physical properties. Alexandra had told him this too; she said she could see things inside Mamma and Papa’s minds. She knew the truth and told him the bits she knew. She told him how his mother had died shortly after giving birth in the old village where Mamma and Papa had lived before coming to Salem. He cried against her for hours, yet at the same time he was thrilled that he wasn’t related to Alexandra, that he could marry her without worry, that if they had children they would be just as healthy as any other baby. 

With the confession of Milo and Alexandra's feelings came the truth of Milo’s past. Alexandra revealed her powers to bring the truth out. This caused Papa to run her out of the house. He threatened to burn her at the stake. Milo was trying to stop Papa before he could get to Alexandra. They were seemingly out of harm's way, until they heard Papa’s screams Alexandra ran to try and help him. Milo didn’t know what to think. He followed after her but was tackled by someone or something in the dark. There was a piercing pain in his neck, as if he was being bitten. Just when he thought things couldn’t get darker, they did he was in a pitch-black haze. He heard Alexandra screaming but there was nothing he could do. Something was forcing itself into his mouth. Then it poured into his mouth sweet salty taste of blood. His eyes were open, he could see better in this pitch black than he could in daylight. He was seeing colors he had never seen before; he was hearing things he never heard before. He heard the heart beat of this thing. He heard it through the blood images poured into his brain they seemed to drown out everything else. Suddenly everything came to a halt, he stood up to try and see the strange thing that had done this but it was too late the figure that had attacked him was gone. 

He heard Alexandra scream again this time she was calling for him, “MILO! Please Milo help it has gone after Mamma and Mary Jane, help me!” He was running with a speed he didn’t know he possessed. He ran past Papas lifeless body on the forest floor.  He was at the house in no time. Mama was still sitting in her chair, the life gone from her; the blood was all over the chair and her clothing. There was a fight going on upstairs, he was running up the steps two by two. What he saw horrified him, little Mary-Jane lay just as lifeless as Mamma and Papa her hazel eyes still open sending chills through him. 

Alexandra was trapped in the corner; however her attacker seemed to be unable to get to her. Then Milo saw it, somehow she had made a barrier about her whenever the attacker tried to reach her it was as if a glass window stopped him. Milo jumped on the attackers back, Alexandra let her invisible shield down as she grabbed a chair and broke it over the attacker’s hooded head. As the hood fell she saw the face of Jasper the blood of their family still on his mouth. He was laughing an evil laugh. “As if that pitiful chair could stop me, I am Jasper, you little witch, how long have you known I am not human?  At one time I was though. Very long ago I was human and then I was bitten by a vampire that is what I am now. I have drunk from your family, their blood coursing through my veins. I will kill your beloved brother next. Then you will be alone and will have no choice but to yield to me.” Jasper turned to look Milo in the eyes; he drew back as if frightened. “You are no longer human! How can this be I would have known from the first night years ago.” Milo punched him in the face several times before Jasper grabbed his wrist. 

“I am nothing like you I can walk in the day; I did this morning with ease as I have every morning for the past twenty three years!”

Alexandra slid from behind Jasper to stand at Milo’s side, when he turned to her she began to cry. “Milo he is right, you are no longer human I see the transformation.” He knew she wouldn’t lie to him. He slummed down to the floor and began to sob. No tears came instead he felt a painful fire burning him from the inside. 

“Alexandra, what is happening to me?” He saw Jasper reach for her. Despite the pain he felt he jumped on top of Jasper and began pounding his fists into the man's face again. “You son of a bitch you did this to me! I will kill you! I will through you into the rising sun!” Alexandra pulled him off of the bloody heap; to their astonishment Jaspers face was almost completely back to normal. 

“The joys of this magic blood, hit all you want, cut me if you wish, my wounds will heal, I will continue to live as I always have. Except now I will have a witch as my vampire bride.” Jasper showed his fangs and hissed. Milo ran up to the attic bedroom, thinking of only throwing himself out the window to end this horrible nightmare.

 Alexandra went to comfort Milo, but was caught from behind by Jasper. He dragged her back down the five stairs she had climbed and bit her neck; once he had his fill he forced his wrist to her mouth. She screamed, but Milo was huddled in his corner sobbing. Jasper was killing her. Milo knew it, but he couldn’t move, his will was lost.

“Drink from me and you will be with your brother forever. Drink from me and be my vampire queen.” She drank hungrily. After several minutes he withdrew his wrist. She screamed as her body began to die, “Was it like this for you Milo did you feel this pain?” She thought Jasper had surely killed her. Then everything became clear and she sat up and straightened her dress. She turned to face Jasper; this blood had increased her witch powers beyond her wildest dreams, “Now leave Jasper, or I will have no choice but to kill you for what you have done to my family.” With her words he fell down two steps as if being pushed. 

She went upstairs to be with Milo, “Milo my love, we must leave here, we must go before the sunrises or we will surly die.” 

He stared up at her glaring, “What do you mean we, I will die, I will burn in the sun not you!” 

She wrapped her arms around his waist and laid her head against his chest, “We love, we will die he bit me and gave me his blood we will die in the sun. For if you do not want this, then I will walk into the sunlight with you.” 

Milo lifted her face so he could see in her eyes; there were the blood tears so much like his own. “Damn him for doing this to us, damn him for killing us and our loved ones. I will kill him you will see I will rip his head from his shoulders.” 

She was pulling on his wrist, “Come love we must go and find a place to hide before the sun comes up.” 

He packed things he thought they would need, such as blankets, clothing, and candles for light. When they went back down the stairs all the bodies were gone. Jasper was at the edge of the woods digging graves. Milo ran and tackled him to the ground. He picked up the shovel and beat Jasper until he couldn’t raise his arms anymore. “Stay away from them, it is your fault they are dead, you even killed Mary-Jane she was just a child! You bastard I will kill you!” He lifted the shovel again, but Alexandra stopped him. 

“Listen my love we need to learn from him before you kill him. Understand? Once I give the word I will help you kill him, for I want vengeance just as much as you do.”

Alexandra and Milo dug the graves for their family, and set the house on fire. “Hopefully everyone will think we all perished inside.” Milo said his arms wrapped around Alexandra’s waist at they watched the house burn. 

The woods were dense but they were used to it, their vision was drastically improved by the blood they had been given. Milo was leading her into a cave he had planned on taking her to earlier when they were running from Papa. They came to the cave and Milo went in first followed by Alexandra when Jasper followed her in Milo, was mad he didn’t grab the shovel, “Get the hell out of here.”

“Now, now Milo it is fine, I will show you all you need to know and then I will leave you, but if you kill me then you kill yourselves. Just calm down and get some rest because tonight the two of you are going to want to feed, you are going to crave the blood to a point where it drives you crazy, but when you get as old as I you do not need it as often, you will be able to curb your cravings all of this I will show you in good time.”  

Milo laid out a blanket for himself and Alexandra they laid there for a long time just staring at each other, “I am sorry Milo, I think I could have stopped him, but this was the only way we could be together, if I didn’t drink from him I would have died.” 

He was stoking her hair removing some of the twigs that still lingered in it. “Do not worry my love, I do not blame you for what that bastard did. I do not blame or condemn you for your choice either. Just rest my love if what he says is true we will need to have our wits about us.”  

She snuggled closer to Milo. Jasper sat on the dirt floor watching the two of them, loathing Milo, wishing that he was dead, “I don’t know who gave him the blood, but they have ruined everything!” he thought before he himself fell into dreams.

It took all of Milo’s strength not to attack Jasper, he almost threw him out of the cave when he felt the sun rising. Alexandra told him he shouldn’t for the risk that he himself might also be caught in the sun and perish. For that reason he stayed where he was and kept her in a tight embrace. Jasper had been right the next night they wanted the blood. He took them to the back alley pubs by the docks and showed them to feed. Jasper was surprised by their hunger and made no signs of hiding it. “Well if I didn’t know any better I think you two were doing this simply to kill these people off.” 

When they had finished and made their way back into the pub Alexandra asked what the plan was. Jasper was seated in one of the larger chairs staring at both of them. It was obvious to everyone how he felt about each of them. He lingered when he looked at Alexandra he undressed her with his eyes; he showed adoration when he looked at her and everyone could see that. However, when his eyes went to Milo his demeanor quickly changed into something vile and wicked. He had a menacing look in his eyes as if he would strike him down at any moment for any given reason. 

“Well my darling, the plan is as follows.”

“Don’t you ever call me darling or any other pet name ever again. You a despicable creature and we only stay to learn what we must do to survive.” Alexandra spoke this with an authority Milo didn’t even know she possessed. 

“As you wish, now the plan is as follows I will teach you to hunt, to hide the wounds, and to use your powers. With age come new powers, also the longer you live the smaller the cravings get. You will still get them do not get me wrong but it won't be like tonight and the nights that follow. You will only require one victim and even then you might not need to kill that victim. You might only require a small drink. As you know we cannot go out in the daylight, but there are a few other things we must be weary of also. You will never age; you will be as you are now. You will never be able to have children. The closest thing to having a child is making another vampire, but that doesn’t always last. Any questions so far?”

“I have one, why are such a pompous ass?” Milo asked while rubbing his chin as if in thought. 

Alexandra was giggling. “Milo, that wasn’t very nice, but it was very hilarious.” The two of them were laughing now as Milo continued to ask Jasper such questions. 

“If you are finished I think we should take out leave now. Milo if you continue to have this attitude I will kill you regardless of what Alexandra thinks.”

As soon as the words left his mouth Alexandra slapped him hard on the left cheek. “You listen and you listen good. If you make another empty threat like that to my love there will dire consequence the likes of which you have never seen. Do I make myself clear?” 

Jasper blew it off,” As if I am going to worry about your empty threats. I made you if you kill me then you die also. Then your dear Milo will be left alone.” 

Milo and Alexandra contemplated on this for the rest of the night. The next night Jasper told them they were leaving the Americas and going to Europe where he had a vast estate. Tonight they were going to the shops since Milo and Alexandra only had the clothes on their backs. Once they had a few more garments they were off to the ship. Jasper had set up first class accommodations for himself and Alexandra; he booked a third class bunk for Milo who merely laughed. “Do you think she won’t let me into her quarters? You are a sad jealous man Jasper.” Through the whole trip it was like this Jasper did small things trying to keep the two of them apart. It only made them all the closer though, they were united in their hatred of him. They fed off of a few passengers, who they then threw over board. 

“Now on these long trips I recommend a donor. That is someone who willingly lets you drink from them for sustenance. Now you could drink from each other if you so felt the need and the blood would just pass from one to the other. It is my personal opinion that this doesn’t quite slake your thirst as well as human blood does. You can also live off the blood of animals should the situation arise. I have heard tale of many who live in the woods sleeping in dark caves and draining the animals of blood instead of humans. Again I don’t feel that is the best way but it is helpful when you aren’t able to find anything else.”

Milo and Alexandra took all this information and then continued on their merry way. They spent nights dancing on the ship mesmerizing many fellow passengers while Jasper merely watched from the sidelines wishing he was spinning Alexandra around the dance floor, wishing she was nipping his neck. 

Milo and Alexandra had a splendid time on that ship. They were able to lure many donors to them with the promise of drink, and sex. Once they got their prey good and drunk they would take turns drinking the blood in small amounts. Since they were taking small amounts of blood they would bring five or six people back to the cabin at a time. This was when Jasper showed them how to heal the wounds, so when they awoke they would think they simply had too much to drink and that was the reason for being so light headed. 

“Now if you bite your tongue, lip or finger tip there will be a small amount of blood and you put this blood onto the bite mark, observe.” He showed them what he meant and they were amazed to see the wound vanish.

“Not bad Jasper perhaps you had some useful information after all.” Milo said as he and Alexandra tended the wound on the other three people passed out in the room.

“One day you will pay for interference Milo, you can count on that.” Jasper said in a hiss hoping Alexandra wouldn’t hear.

When they finally arrived at the port Milo and Alexandra were sad to leave, they loved the boat. They loved the parties and the dancing and the sweet tender victims so willingly to let such beautiful couples suckle on them.

“Milo we will have to take a boat trip another time it was absolutely pristine.”

“I agree my love when we are done with Jasper we will sail back to America on such a boat.” He wrapped his arm around her waist as to keep her close and secure.

They were taken to a large manor secluded from everything and everyone. The village was at least twenty miles away and hardly visible from the manor due to the trees. When they arrived Jasper got out of the carriage and extended his hand to Alexandra to help her out. She refused it and hoped out which made Milo laugh. She turned to glare at him. “Oh shut up, you should have been out here to help me.”

He got out and grabbed her hand as they followed Jasper into the house. “Not too shabby. Not too shabby at all.” Milo said as they made their way up the staircase.

“Thank you. I will show the two of you to your quarters. I ask that you not venture to the west wing because those are my private rooms. I will give you the east wing and I will respect your privacy as well. Is that understood?” 

Alexandra and Milo nodded in agreement as they were shown their set of rooms. They were led into a large seating area with a grand fireplace and loads of furniture covered in white sheets. 

“I haven’t been here in over ten years so everything is covered feel free to move the furniture to your liking.” He then gestured to the door at the right and when Alexandra opened it she saw a large bedroom with an adjoining bath. The floor of the room was covered with over lapping oriental rugs. There was a large four-post bed in the center of the room with deep green velvet curtains that could keep the light out during the day. There were no pictures on the walls and there were large un-matching armoires lining one wall. The other had two huge French desks and a few small end tables. She didn’t bother looking in the bathroom as they went back across the seating area to see the other bedroom. It was set up much like the other room except there was no bathroom. There was a large four post bed, these curtain where a deep violet with gold fringe. There were large pieces of mismatched furniture along the walls as well.

“I leave you to own devices. Please enjoy your stay here and let me know if you require anything else. Hopefully we can put everything behind us and become close friends.” Alexandra snorted at his last remark so he took his leave and left to his own quarters they were assuming.

Milo spun her around several times and they danced around in big circles easily maneuvering around the large covered furniture. “Milo, I want the bedroom with the bathroom, but I want the violet curtains. Then we can move all the furniture we don’t want to the other bedroom.”

“Sounds great darling, let us begin.” With that they began ripping the sheets off of the seating room furniture. They found several wing back chairs a few sofas and a chaise lounge covered in red silk. Alexandra decided on the chaise lounge, a sofa covered in gold silk, and four wing back chairs covered in a gold and burgundy stripe pattern. They moved the rest of the furniture into the far bedroom while they were in there Alexandra took down the violet curtains. They arranged the furniture in front of the fireplace and put the chaise in the corner by the window so Alexandra could bask in the moonlight. They went to the other bedroom now and found the largest armoire, which matched perfectly with the bed that was in the room. Then they picked out two side tables and Milo decided on what desk he wanted to use. Four of the remaining tables were brought to the seating area, along with the desk and an armoire for storage. The rest was taken across to the extra bedroom. Alexandra flung herself on the chaise in one dramatic movement. 

Milo was laughing as he spoke. “I must say with this blood coursing through me that was surprisingly easy.” 

“I agree it was, now come and sit with me love.” He did as he was told and sat next to her, as they looked out the window to the see the trees and the stars. “Milo do you think what he said was true about children?”

Milo thought for a minute before he answered. “Well there is only one to find out.” He gave her a big grin and began kissing her neck by the ear knowing it was her sweet spot. She was moaning slightly before she stopped and turned towards the double doors. Milo’s interests were peeked when she get off of the chaise and tip toe to the door. When she was about three feet away she spoke very loudly.

“I wonder what sort of sad pathetic creature would spy on a lovely couple such as us.” Then she hurried and opened the door all she saw was the shadow turning the corner. She burst out laughing. “What a sad feeble little man.”

They lived in that house with Jasper for close to fifty years. One night Jasper over heard Milo making travel plans for himself and Alexandra. At once Jasper grabbed Milo from behind and pinned him to the wall. 

“I do not know who made you a vampire Milo, but you have ruined everything. I will get rid of you for good and then she will have no one to turn to.” 

Those were the last word Milo heard after that he was bitten and felt as if he himself had been bled dry. He knew now that this only weakened him. He was stuffed in a crude steamer trunk where he stayed for a great deal of time. From the trunk he was put into this stone prison and remained ever since.

“I will get that bastard. Just wait until I am free of this wretched place. Then we will see who has the last laugh.” 

Chapter Three

Lexie and Gunther were trekking their way up to the cave entrance, trying to make as little noise a possible. “Now when we get there I am going first understood?” Gunther looked as if he was going to protest, but she held her finger to his lips so he knew to keep quite. Through the tress she saw a lone figure that looked to be built like Gunther. They were planning on going around the mountain to the door Jin had spoken about. When she saw this figure there, knowing Milo was just inside those walls her anger grew. She and Gunther were about three hundred feet from the entrance, she pinned the figure to the wall then ran forward, and Gunther could barely keep up. When they were fifty feet away he could better make out the figure of a man built much like he was with dusty brown hair and eyes to match. In the moonlight the man's fangs shone brightly, “Who the hell are you two, how dare you come here and violate this place.”  

Lexie’s eyes were glowing violet with the rage she felt towards this prison keeper, “I am an acquaintance of Jasper’s and you have something that belongs to me.” With that she focused her energy on the vamps head and it exploded as if filled with fire crackers, bits and pieces of it were flying every which direction. Gunther was shell-shocked he didn’t speak or a long time, not until he saw the huge boulders move as if of their own accord. The boulders were parting as if following the direction of Lexie’s hands.

“Damn you can do things can’t you?” was all he said as they ran through the opening. They were running through the dark tunnel Lexie was running her left hand along the wall and instructed Gunther to do the same to the right, “See if you can feel something like a door okay?” He was doing as instructed as he continued to run through the tunnel. 

“Lexie! Look out!” A fist came around the corner and caught her hard on the left side; the force looked as if it broke her neck. The violet glow in her eyes was back, this time the thing burst into flames screaming, the smell of burning flesh over powered the smell of dank cave and it almost made Gunther sick. “What, are you just going to kill everything?” 

“Damn right I am. Two hundred and fifty years he has been here Gunther I will do with them what I please!” 

Gunther was lost “Two hundred and fifty years Lexie didn’t even look twenty five, yet alone two hundred and fifty.” He stopped contemplating what she might have meant when he saw she was running further down the tunnel. This time there was three of them all pinned to the wall, “Where the hell is the cell with Milo in? If you tell me I will make it fast, if not I will cause the single most excruciating moment of your lives, do you understand?” Still none of them answered they looked her with venom stares. 

“Damn you Alexandra, why did you kill them? For Milo, the weakling in the cell.” She turned to see Jasper she made the three vamps pinned to the wall burst into flames their screams filled the cave. What Jasper saw turned his already cold flesh to ice. There she stood her eyes glowing with a violet light that an azure glow would envy, fierce flames crackling behind her. He noticed the mortal to her right but didn’t dare to move at the moment. “What have you done to them?” he asked as he dropped to his knees unable to hide his fear.

“What the hell does it look like I did to them? I killed them the same way I will kill you, I told you not to come around me anymore, I told you I would kill you and now I will.” Jasper felt his inside burning; he stared at her in complete and utter horror. All the sudden the pain was gone as was the burning sensation, “Now tell me where to find him or I won’t stop it this time.” Jasper slowly brought his arm up and pointed behind her. As she turned to look he jumped up with paranormal speed. He grabbed her by the throat and raised her high into the air so her feet were off the ground. 

“How dare you come here and kill my clan, how dare you try to kill me? I who made you, I who gave you this great gift.” She sent her thought to him, “You make it sound like I should thank you for killing me, like I should thank you for killing my child. I will kill you.” She spit in his face, Gunther tried to stop him, but he might as well have been hitting the wall his punches seemed nothing to this man. Finally Lexie was able to catch enough air in her lungs to scream, “MILO!”

Milo could hear the screams even the smell of burning flesh came through the hole in the bottom of the door he could see the light it appeared to be from fire. He was pounding the stonewall, “I am here Alexandra, I am here!” His cries were drowned out from the commotion going on outside of the rock prison. He heard feet running on the dirt floor, he wasn’t sure whether they were going to fight or going to escape. “Damn what is going on out there? They better not hurt her.” If only he really knew. He was getting visions of vamps bursting into flames, one of their heads burst against the rock. Then he heard it, he heard Alexandra she was screaming, and she was screaming his name. 

He went over to the door and continued to bang on it he heard her scream, “Damn it door move.” His eyes began to glow and the door exploded. He was sent flying back he hit the far wall and fell to the mattress.

Outside the explosion knocked Lexie from Jaspers grip she sent him flying through the air and pinned him to the wall by his neck with an invisible noose. Gunther was conscious but stuck under a large rock; she turned and glared at the rock that levitated before she crushed it against the pinned Jasper. Gunther hobbled over to her where Lexie was standing. His left ankle was twisted and there was a large gash on his head but he was otherwise unharmed. 

“Why did you rig this place with explosives, are fucking insane?” 

Jasper struggled to answer, “I thought you caused the explosion.” 

Lexie looked at Gunther who shrugged his shoulders, “Well it sure as hell wasn’t me!” Lexie instructed Gunther to take a seat so she could look at his injuries. She bit her left index finger and ran the blood over the gash on his head. Gunther started at her a little apprehensive, there was a burning sensation then when he ran his fingers over the gash he realized it was gone. Her blood had healed it. 

“How on earth is that possible?” he asked as she concentrated on his ankle. “Easily, I am vampire you would be surprised what my blood can do. Hold still this is going to hurt.” There was a sharp pain in his ankle then it felt like his ankle was wrapped in invisible ace bandages. She helped him to his feet. “Feeling any better?” He was completely healed now. 

“Yeah doesn’t even feel like I was in an explosion.” 

“Good we need to find Milo and make sure he is okay.”

Milo regained consciousness and sat up on the bed staring at the gaping hole that used to be a door. “Did I do that?” He asked himself. Through the dust came to figures one tall and wide, the other shorter and curvy, he knew those curves it was Alexandra. He was watching as she came through the dust as a dream might. She scanned the room and she saw him sitting on the bed she directed her escort to get everything he could and take it out. The man was just watching as she straddled the figure on the bed showering him with him kisses. Then he was gone, it was just she and Milo. “No, I can't move I have to move, I want to touch her.”  He thought but his arms still would not move.

She stopped kissing him and just lifted his face up. “It is okay, I killed them anyone who got in my path is gone. I saved Jasper for you though love. I saved him for you to dispatch. For everything he has done to us. For keeping you from me, for killing Mary-Jane, Mamma and Papa, and for turning us.”  There was sadness in her eyes but she quickly blinked it away. 

The large figure was back his voice-startled Milo. “Miss. Lexie all the boxes are cleared out, what would you like me to do now?” 

She turned to face the man, “Please go wait in the car, there are things Milo and I need to do here before we go. It won’t take long.” Milo watched when he saw the man turn to go out he spoke.

“Alexandra, I made the door explode. I heard you scream, and then it just exploded. I, I don’t know how I did it, I just know that it was me.” He had wrapped his arms around her waist and laid his head on her chest. 

“It is a good thing too; it knocked me loose from Jasper’s grip, and let me know where you were. Do not worry about the cave, you will go and kill Jasper just as you have always wanted, then we will leave. My love, wait until you see this new world! There are so many things you will need to learn. I have learned many new things and I have made millions upon billions of dollars for us to live on. Do not fret love, everything is better now.” She kissed the top of his head and helped him off the bed. “Milo, she was trying to get the dust off of him, and straighten his hair.” 

He motioned for her to stop primping him, “Why did that man call you Miss. Lexie?” She looked into his green eyes as she grabbed his hand to lead him through the opening. 

“Well over this time I have gone by many different names, Alexandra of course, Elizabeth, McKenna, Jasmine, and now Lexie. I like it the best so far, I have met lots of people named Alexis but I am the only Lexie that I know of.” She winked at him, “Here love I pinned him to the wall.” When they got there he was gone though. Milo searched to see if he could see anyone in the rumble, all he saw was a lot of ashes, bodies missing heads and some brain spattered on the walls. “My God, what happened Alexandra?” 

 “I told you I killed them. I have had two hundred and fifty years to develop my powers.” She said very matter of fact.

He looked around the room again. “You did this with your powers? You will have to explain all of this to me later on.” 

“Can do love. I am pissed off that he got away! Don’t worry I can track him though, I am sure of it.” 

He spun her around to him and took her hair out of its ponytail, “I like your hair down better and I don’t care where he is, we are together now and nothing will stop that.” 

“You are right let’s go before the sun comes up, at night we will get you new clothes and we will go hunting okay? Until them you can drink from me.” 

She led him forward out of the cave into the waiting Jeep. “What the hell is that apparatus and who are the mortals inside?” 

She was laughing as she opened the backseat door to let him in, “It is an automobile, or to more specific a SUV. This is Jin, he is one of the translators I hired, you have been in China this whole time, and this is Jack another translator and good friend of mine. Last but certainly not least is Gunther a good friend who is also an excellent body guard he helped me inside the cave, and carried out all your stuff so you could go through it back at the hotel. Just sit back and relax.” He was like a child in the car staring out the windows, messing with all the buttons at one time he even tried to grab the wheel from the back seat as Jin was driving. It took a lot for Lexie to get him to sit still. He was so amazed by the size of passing buildings. As they entered the city she could see the electric lights hurt his eyes, which didn’t surprise her since he had been in that dark cave for so long. 

“I don’t want to go and sit in a hotel room, I want to go and explore everything. Like how do they get the buildings so tall, where is that music coming from I hear it in the otto mobile but I do not hear it outside, why is that Alexandra?”  She pulled his head back into the car and pushed the button so the window would roll up. 

“We will talk about it later, but we cannot go exploring the sun will be up soon. Please behave like the gentle man you are.” He did as she asked and sat back next to her and wrapped his arm around her to rest his head on her shoulder. 

Jack turned from the front seat, “Why did you call her Alexandra? I mean if I can ask.” 

Milo stuck his hand out and touched Jack’s left cheek. “Wow, no wonder she likes you so much, I mean you look a lot like me, we could be related. Same hair color, my eyes are more vibrant, but we do look a lot alike. I call her that because that is the name I know her by.” 

Jack was suddenly very uncomfortable as her stared at Milo, he hadn’t noticed in the darkness of the mountains, but he did resemble the man in the backseat, “That is why she likes me so much, makes sense I guess fill the void with the next best thing I guess.” 

He turned back around and heard Lexie’s voice, “You aren’t the next best thing Jack, there is no way to fill the void, I liked you for you, not who you reminded me of so find peace in that.” He turned and glanced back to see her smiling at him.

They reached the hotel and Milo was doing the same thing touching everything he saw asking everyone about themselves. Lexie has to practically drag Milo to the elevator. “What is this, some sort of closet?” 
She was starting to get a headache, “Milo, you know I love you more than anything right?” 

He stopped messing and looked at her, “Yes, I do, why do you ask?” She grabbed his hands gently and turned him so they were toe to toe. “So you don’t get offended when I tell you to stop acting like you are four years because you are giving me headache. If you keep it up I will pin you to the wall.” He gave her those big green puppy eyes, and started to speak. She put her finger over his mouth. Milo later, you need to drink and then we are going to bed. Jin, and Jack gave each side ways glances and her remark about drinking and sleep. 

“Umm Lexie, not to be contradicting but don’t you think he needs food?”  

She turned and placed her hand on his shoulder, “I know what I am talking about so no worries. Would you be so kind as to lend Milo a set of clothes until we are able to go and get him some of his own?”

He glanced from her to Milo, “Sure, I have to go get my bag from your room anyway.” 
They got off at the tenth floor and Milo was at it again, he was sniffing the plants and rang a few other guests’ doorbells much to their displeasure. “MILO!” Lexie had enough so she kept her promise and pinned him to the wall by his wrists as she unlocked the hotel room. 

“How are you doing this Alexandra? Stop I will not muddle with stuff anymore, I swear.” 

When she had the door open she let Jack go in before her, she released Milo from the wall and gave him a warning, “What I did tonight has left me drained, that is more power than I have ever used, I need you to be like you were in the old times, calm and collected, tomorrow night when I have rested you can be a spaz.” He nodded his head and followed her into the room. He was on his best behavior and helped her into the bedroom where he set her on the bed and found the bathroom. 

“Jack, please come here I do not know how to work this.” 

Jack came running to Milo’s aide and showed him how to turn the water for the tub on and told him he set out something to sleep in and something to wear tomorrow. He walked out of the bathroom to see Lexie sitting on the edge of the bed, she really looked worn out. He went over and gave her a quick peck on the cheek and left the room. 

Milo came back into the room and went to his knees in front of her, he kissed her cheeks as he slid his hands under her shirt to lift it over her head, he gently laid her on the bed and undid her jeans and slid them off along with her underwear. He stood over her just looking at her then he notice her bra, “What is that thing on your breasts? I don’t like it, it hides them.” He was starting to act like his old self, not like an inept cave man. “She laughed good naturally as she moved to stand up in front of him. 
“It is called a bra, it holds them the way the corsets dresses did, but I can still breathe.” He watched intently as she reached behind her to take it off. He watched as her breasts fell free, he pulled her to him and kissed her gently. “I ran a bath for us; I have been waiting so long to feel you close to me. She helped him undress and they went to the bathroom together to climb into the tub. They sat there together washing each other, stealing nips at one another until the water got cold. Milo climbed out of the tub first and found one of the bathrobes and wrapped it around himself, he then got a towel so he could dry Alexandra off before wrapping her in the fluffy terrycloth robe of her own. She grabbed a comb from the countertop and followed him into the bedroom where she combed his hair back styling it as she wanted. Finally when she was too tired to move she felt him lay down next to her. “Get your rest love for tomorrow when you have regained your strength we have time to make up for.” She gave him a sleepy smile as his arms wrapped around her waist.

Chapter Four

When Lexie woke up she saw Milo standing at the window drapes open starting at the busy streets below he spoke without turning to her. “I have missed all of this Alexandra. I do not know how any of these things came to be, I have no idea what to do in this world.” She was got off the bed and went to wrap her arms around his waist and lay her head on his back. He clasped her hands and continued staring out the window. “What can we do so I can understand all of this?” He turned to face her now her arms still wrapped around him. 

“That is easy. You can drink from me and learn all that I know in a short period of time. After that there are books, there is the television that shows all kinds of interesting things, there is the radio, the Internet. Milo, the Internet is a marvelous innovation. Everything you could ever want to know is at your fingertips with it. Drink from me and learn all you wish, then we can go from there.” She backed up to sit on the edge of the bed then rested on her elbows. He strolled over trying to act nonchalant. This made her giggle, “Just get over here. I have been waiting a very, very long time for this.” She had slept in the fluffy robe and it was now undone exposing her to him. He reached down to open the robe all the way as he did the same to his own. He lay on top of her kissing her neck, massaging her breasts. She was moaning that deep moan he loved so much. He slid in side of her hard and slow the way he knew she liked it. She was whispering in his ear between bites and nibbles. “How I have missed feeling you inside of me, how I have missed feeling your lips on me.” They were together as they had been all those centuries ago as if it was their first time in the attic bedroom they took their time with each other; there was lots of kiss and caressing. Sweet nothings were exchanged as he slowly pumped inside of her, feeling her bring her hips to meet his. He was kissing her neck when he felt her breath on his neck, “Bite me, I want you to, I want you drink, I want you to fill all of your senses with me.” He kissed her neck, and then he gently and swiftly used his fangs to break the skin. He tasted the sweet salty nectar that was her blood, the images flooded him, and he was pumping hard now, pinning her hips down with his own as he drank from her. The memories were clear, there were visions of people, places she had searched, places she had lived there was the inner workings of the clubs right down to the sewer lines under the foundation. This led to how to use the computer, how to access the Internet, websites zoomed through his mind. There was how to drive a stick shift or automatic car. He pulled back, reaching the climax of sex and blood. He made sure not to spill a drop then pulled back to watch the wound heal. He bent down and showered her face with kisses. They rolled over on to lie on their sides. 

“I think I gained enough information for now. I want to get new clothes, I want to drive there, and I want your fast hideously painted car.” 

This caused her laugh uncontrollably, “It is not hideous!” she protested. “It is lime green and I absolutely love it.” With that she teasing stuck her tongue out like a little kid. He was laughing now too. 

“If you say so, but I want a black one nice and simple.” She crawled over and rested her head on his bare chest. 

“Yes love you can have anything you want. That reminds me!” Before he could even get his arm around her she was off the bed headed to the dresser. She opened one of the suitcases and took out a small wooden box. “Think fast!” she turned and threw the box at him. 

“What the hell is wrong with you?”  He said as the box hit him in the chest. She started laughing again as she ran to the bed, she was jumping up and down as if on a trampoline. “You know the window is still open so everyone can see you jumping around in the nude!” He was just watching with a large grin on his face as her breasts moved up and down. 

Finally she plunked down next to him. “Open it!” He did as he was told. Inside there was a shining platinum band with the emblem engraved into it. He had a twinkle in his eyes as he ran his fingerers over the ring. “Read the inscription.” He took the ring out of the box to see the inscription. I love you for now, ever and always.

She took the ring from his hand to place it on his left ring finger; it was only at that moment he noticed she wore his rings exact duplicate. He pulled her to him in a tight embrace that caught her totally off guard. “I love you too Milo.” She said while pulling away.  

“Come on and get dressed then we will go and get some clothes of your own. She walked over to the suitcase to grab something to wear. 

“I want to pick it for you.” He was climbing off the bed now. 

“Okay works for me I am going to go and pull my hair back.” As they passed each other her grabbed her hand and spun her around as if ready to dance. She laughed as her lead her in a few large circles around the room. “We must go dancing, not the crazy stuff you do at the clubs though, and the way we used to.” 
“Of course love, now go get some clothes. So we can go.” He went over to the closet and found a low cut medium length dress with silver link belt; he then grabbed a pair of shoes the likes he had never seen. They had three-inch heels and a pointed toe; the material was made to look like black and white snakeskin. He went into the bathroom and laid the clothing out on the silent butler. “Well what do you think?” 

She was wearing a bra and underwear sitting on the edge of the tub with her elbow on her knee and her face resting on her fist. “I love it, now go get into the clothes Jack left for you so we can get you some stuff of your own.” 

“Fine, but I still get to drive and don’t bring those mortals with us, I don’t like the way they look at me.” She nodded and pointed out to the bedroom so he knew she was serious.

They took the stairs this time since Milo still wasn’t convinced the elevator was safe. “How do you know the cables won’t break and send us zooming towards the ground?” She gave him a natured giggle as they went down the main lobby to the awaiting Jeep. Lexie tipped the man with a few American bills and they were on their way.  She played the CD she left in from last night, Milo nearly jumped out of the car when he heard the opening of Green Day’s American Idiot. 

“It is okay it is just music.” She could tell he was a little embarrassed for acting that way. 

“Well I have been used to silence for so long it is odd to hear something that loud and that different. Do they really call this stuff music?” 

He saw her out of the corner of his eye bee-bopping to the music lip-syncing the words. It was his turn to laugh. 

“Yes, and I LOVE it. I will always love the music of our time because it hold memories for us, but this my darling dear is the music of the age and I absolutely adore it. I love the drums, the electric instruments. Oh and the concerts. The concerts are the best! There is nothing like watching the bands on stage just jumping around while singing, fans in the crowd doing the same thing mimicking the band. Once you are more settled in the times we will go and you will see for yourself.” She pointed to a shop on the right, park over there that is good store I can feel it.” He parked the car and Lexie inspected his parking job, “Yep, looks like I did it.” She gave him a beaming smile as she grabbed his hand and practically dragged him into the store. Lexie immediately regretted not at least taking Jin or Jack to translate, but when the owner saw the heaps of American bills, and the four major credit cards language no longer became an issue. They left the store with ten fully tailored suits, five pairs of shoes shined to perfection, and a wallet. “Milo these suits are great really, but you need some like fun funky lounge stuff too.” 

He was holding the door open for her, when he looked at her his head slightly titled eyes wide, “Alexandra, you are so different. You are still fun and good-natured but different, more aware of yourself. In all honesty I am not sure that I like it.” He saw she was hurt by his words; she climbed into the car and slammed the door. He was walking around to the drivers’ side when she beat on the horn just to watch him jump; he grabbed his chest as if he were going to have a heart attack. Not that he could since he was a vampire. He ripped the door of the car open to see her sneering at him. 

“Fine wear those suits everywhere, I don’t care. Now take me back to the hotel I have stuff I have to do.” 

He started the car and pulled out of the space. “I am not a servant, and I wish you wouldn’t treat me as such.” She snapped back before he even finished.
 
“Well I am not a child so do not treat me as such. I am full-grown and yes I am different I admit that. I am rich and have spent ninety nine percent of my immortal life searching for you, and I have spared no expense trying to find you. I have had to care for myself all this time; I have furthered my own powers by myself. I have survived without you, so sorry I am still not the naive girl of the sixteenth century, but the woman of the twentieth!” Her eyes turned cold. The only time he ever saw them like this was the night Jasper had killed the family. “And another thing, when I go looking for Jasper, you will stay with the others, this is something I have to do on my own. Understood?” He couldn’t answer her, this wasn’t his Alexandra this was indeed “Lexie” the woman of the twentieth century, and he was heartbroken. 

When they reached the hotel Lexie hopped out before the car was fully stopped and made her way through the lobby to the elevator she turned to see Milo coming up behind her fast, he wasn’t fast enough though. 

“Why are men such jerks? I am just glad I have learned to use my powers so I have a power he doesn’t. Go me go.” She was smiling to herself as she entered the hotel room and tossed her bag onto the side table by the door. Jack quickly got to his feet he had been laying on the sofa watching Chinese infomercials. 

“Hey, I thought you would be with Milo.” She walked over high heels clicking on the parquet entrance. He watched her walk over and sit in the chair across from the sofa. 

“I am just going to hang out here if that is okay. I am agitated with him right now.”

“Well why didn’t you go to Gunther’s room?” 

She laughed as she kicked the heels off. “One, I didn’t want to be in Gunther’s room, and two if I did I think June would be upset that I interrupted, if you catch my drift.” They were both laughing now. It didn’t last long; there was a knock at the door followed by Milo’s voice. 

“Alexandra, I know you are in there. I really think you should stop acting like the child you say you aren’t and come talk to me. I mean we haven’t even had a full night and you are running off, and glaring at me like you wish you didn’t find me! Also you have the room key. All I can do is stand in the hall.” 

She visualized him standing outside the door steaming ready to break it in if she didn’t acknowledge him, and it made her smile. Jack looked slightly uncomfortable so she finally answered. 

“I will be there shortly and if you disturb me while I am working again then I will be very upset.” 

She picked his thoughts, “Working my foot!” 

She stood up and Jack followed, she put her heels back on and walked over to him and kissed him on the cheek. 

“I better go. Thanks for coming with me. Tomorrow night we are going to need you to come with us. I need to do some more shopping he just wants suits, so don’t plan too much.” She winked and walked out the door. Milo was leaning against the wall bags slung over his shoulder. She could tell he was agitated, but she was too. They walked down the hall to their suite in silence, when the door was closed behind them he spoke. 

“What has happened to you? You are no longer the woman I knew. I, I do not know what to do or say around you now because you take such offense to everything. I feel I should just sit in the corner and speak when spoken to.”

She waited a minute before answering and rubbed her chin for emphasis. “Well I told you I was alone for so long I had to depend on me and no one else, so I became more independent which I don’t see as a bad thing. Neither one of us is the same, last night you were walking around touching and pulling on things like you were a little child, you never did anything like that before. I have been molded by all the things I have witnessed and that isn’t a bad thing either. I don’t take offense to everything, I take offense to the fact that you pretty much said you don’t like me now, that you want me to be like it was in the sixteenth century, you want me to completely and totally dependent on you and I won't do that, I won't act like the doting misty eyed girl. In that regard I am not the same and I will not apologize for that. As far as sitting in the corner and only speaking when spoken to, I don’t want that I want us to be equal. So the decision is up to you how you want things to go. The world has changed Milo, it isn’t as it was when we were last together, the sooner you accept that the better off we will both be.”

He had seated himself on the sofa and watched her pace about the room. He was thinking of everything she had just said to him. “I do not doubt your independence; you had that long ago, now there is an attitude that accompanies it, that is all I meant earlier when I said I wasn’t sure I liked it.  I do not like that you were treating me in the same fashion you treated those mortals you brought with you. I do not like being treated as though I am on the same level as them because I am not. They are beneath me Alexandra, they are beneath you too.”

She had stopped pacing she was shocked still with anger. “How dare you say such things to me after everything? There is no attitude Milo, there is only my feelings which you are so casually tossing aside as if they meant nothing.  I am not sure I like your pompous attitude saying you are better than the “mortals” I brought with me to search for you. I have not treated you the way I treat them. I have been looking for over two centuries for you, I have spent more money looking for you then imaginable, and I have traveled and nearly lost my own life trying to find you. The people I bring with me have also put their lives in jeopardy. You are acting like a spoiled child, everything about you is childish. What the hell happened to you? That’s what I want to know. What happened to Milo, the king of this age and all ages to follow?” 

He was off the sofa standing inches away from her face, “How dare you speak to me in such a manner? How dare you defend those men? How dare you turn your heart so cold against mine? Who do you think you are to speak to me in such a manner? Do you have any idea what it was like to be in the cave for that long with no one to talk to, no one to hold, no one at all for anything. Then for you come to rescue me and act as if you wish you hadn’t found me. I will not stand for it, I should go and feed off of those mortals, and in fact I think I will!” In an instant he was at the door, he reached for the doorknob but his arm was jerked back as if by invisible lasso. He turned to face her, his green eyes widened with horror.

Lexie’s eyes had the same violet glow as they had when she was in the cave trying to find him. “Milo, I have learned to use my powers in ways you cannot imagine, and I love you deeply but if you chose to attack them because you think it will make you even with me you are sadly mistaken. If you do I will have no choice but to harm you no matter how much it hurts me. They have done nothing to you or to me they are good people. Do you understand?” The invisible rope was so tight and sharp around his wrist it almost felt and if she would cut his hand off with it. He nodded in agreement to her and the force was gone and she fell to the ground sobbing. He stood at the door a long time before going over to her. She looked up at him at first not able to speak. “Milo, I am sorry I never meant to use them on you in such a way. I never meant to hurt you. I am not the same these powers have also made me so very different. I do love you though and I would do anything for you please forgive me." Her face was buried in his chest as he ran his fingers through her hair. 

He picked her up and sat on the sofa with her on his lap. “Do not worry Lexie it is all okay, I forgive you I should never have threatened the mortals please forgive me. Teach me of this day and age so we can be together as we were.” They sat together that way for an hour before either spoke again. Lexie looked up at Milo to see him beaming down at her. Before she could apologize again he covered her mouth with his own and kissed her hard and passionately.  She moved to straddle him and his arms went around her grabbing the top of her buttocks. 

 “There is still two hours before sun rise, do want to go and hunt?” she asked as she nipped on his neck waiting for him to answer. 
“Yes, love I would but I want to wear one of my new suits.” She giggled as she followed him into the bedroom and hoped on the bed to watch him change. He still didn’t like the idea of her looking for Jasper by herself but things were going to good to bring it up right now. He quickly dressed in his new black pinstriped suit with a white shirt and black silk tie. It wasn’t the fashion he was used to but he had to admit he looked damn good in it.  She ran her fingers back through his black hair and fiddled with it until it was in style she liked. 

“Aren’t you handsome?”  She was teasing him and he was glad. That meant things were okay between them and that everything they needed to say was said.  She grabbed her tailored white satin blazer to wear over her black dress. She was moving her hair out from her jacket in front of the full length mirror when Milo came up from behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. 

“Well don’t we make the dandy couple?” 

She laughed as she put her hands over his. “Did you just say “dandy”? Babes, no one says dandy anymore think of something different next time.” 

He let out a sigh as he spoke. “I do not know If I will ever understand this day and age. Please have patience with me my beloved.” 

She turned and kissed him gently as she bit her tongue to let the blood drip into his mouth. It sent chills down his spine; there was also another flood of information about slang words, and her favorite bands. When the bite healed and the blood stopped he pulled away and laughed. “Every drop gives me a new look at this world through your eyes and I must say it is absolutely comical!” She could only laugh back as she grabbed his hand and they headed out the door to search for dinner.

They walked down a few blocks to a shabby looking bar. They had always gone to dives such as this in the old days. They made a vow they would only feed from the evildoer. They also tried not to kill, just to take a little drink they didn’t always hold true to this though. They took a small table at the back of the bar so they could face the other patrons as well as any newcomers. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and whispered little nothings in her ear, which made her giggle. Finally they found one worthy enough of being drunken dry. They locked eyes with a man at the far end of the bar at the table closest to the door. He was a dozy all right. All the crimes he had committed didn’t even faze him, so what he raped a girl or two, so what he stole a few purses and stabbed someone. They read these along with other crimes; Milo started to feel how bad his thirst really was. He didn’t even notice when he let his fangs show. Lexie put her hand on his shoulder and sent him the plan. 

“Now I will take him out with me and you follow after two minutes we will go behind the bar in the alley to the left. Then you can have your fill.” She stood from the table and strolled to the bar where she turned her back on their victim. She turned to face him and leaned back elbows resting on the bar. “Excuse me; do you know what time it is?” She asked in English, when he saw she was talking to him and in very broken English he answered her. She walked over to the table and introduced herself. Such an easy victim in a matter of five minutes they were outside headed towards the back of the bar. Milo was right behind them, he didn’t hold tight to the two-minute rule. Dinner was leaning in to kiss Lexie’s neck when Milo caught him quick and fast from behind bending the neck just right and sinking his fangs in the flesh. The memories of his victims’ crimes passing before his very eyes. He withdrew and the man fell to the ground dead as a doornail. Milo leaned against the wall swooning with the first human blood in over two hundred years. Lexie bent down to place a few drops of her own blood on the wound and watched it heal. There now no one would suspect a thing; she went and wrapped her arm through Milo’s. “Are you full my love or would you like another?” 

He thought for a moment, "I want more darling, oh I do think I hear dessert coming." Sure enough there was a small Asian man with a gun pointed at them pointing at Lexie’s purse and speaking in fast Chinese. Lexie and Milo got the gist of it along with the vision of four other muggings this night alone. Milo moved fast and knocked the man into the wall where he pinned him and drank him dry he fell next to the other man. Lexie again bent down to care for the wound. Milo was staring down at them. Then he looked at her. “Okay love I think I am ready to go I want to go play with that enter net you kept talking about.” 

She laughed, “It is the Internet babe. Okay you will love my laptop too It is the same hideous color as my car.” She smiled at him as his arm went around her waist. They made their way back to the hotel.

Lexie climbed into the bed not bothering to undress, and then she felt his hands on her as he took off her shoes and placed them in the closet. “I am going to use the laptop. So rest my lovely. I think I will make one of those e-mail accounts you were telling me about.” 

“Sounds great love, wake me in the evening.” He tucked her into the covers and kissed her forehead, for a long while he just stood there and watched her slip into dreams. 

“I cannot let you go searching for Jasper on your own. Besides I have as much right as you destroy him. No matter, we will sort it all out tomorrow night I am sure.” He walked back into the sitting room to see her laptop on the desk. He quickly used her blood images to set up the net and make a screen name. He then searched the net for all kinds of information he researched all the things she had to go through alone. A few times he got porn sites and was taken aback by what these men and women were doing and what they were doing it with. He would quickly close the screen and try another link. He found some sites were more helpful than others and book marked them for future reference.

Lexie was leaning against the doorframe watching Milo pound away at the keyboard. She walked over to the sofa and turned the television on as she sat down. 

“Why aren’t you sleeping?”

“Babe you never came to bed look outside the sun has just set.” She was flipping through the channels then she exclaimed, “Oh I love this movie! Milo you must come watch it with me, this will help you understand the present day and age.”

He came and sat next to her and saw people dancing around in bright clothing chasing a man with the worst teeth he had ever seen. Lexie was swaying along to the music while Milo just looked back and forth between her and the screen. 

“What is this? I do not see how this will help me understand anything.”

“This my dear is a movie, it is called Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery. This movie has become kind of a staple in pop culture, the whole trilogy has actually. Sit back and enjoy. It is hilarious I promise.”

He put his arm around her and watched the movie just because he could tell she wanted to.  Certain things just seemed to go right over his head and he would have to ask what was so funny about the name Alotta Fagina. She would briefly explain, or put her hand over his mouth to get him to be quite. Once the movie was over he was able to speak uninterrupted. 

“Some parts were funny, but I don’t see why people like it so much.”

Lexie was tearing through her suitcase trying to find something to wear.

“Well it is a lot different than the comedies of our time, if you saw the transition and if you knew more about the sixties and the nineties I think you would have enjoyed it more. Come on now we are going to get you some casual clothes. I am taking Jack with us in case we need a translator okay? Okay good now get dressed.”

Milo did as she instructed and put on a pair of black slacks and a blue violet colored button down shirt. He went to grab a tie when Lexie stopped him.

“No you don’t need a tie, besides you are going to be trying so many things on it will be too much of a hassle so just get your shoes and let's go.”

“Well don’t I have to wait for you to get dressed?” He asked as he sat on the edge of the bed.

“What are you talking about? I am dressed and ready to go. Is that your not so subtle way of telling me to change?” She laughed as she slipped her foot into her black and white checkered Vans. She thought they went great with her black cargo cropped pants and her white long sleeve shirt with the black girlie skull on the left arm. 

“Well I am not changing so you can either stay here and I will go with Jack and pick out whatever I want for you, or you can come with us and quit harping on my clothes. Besides if I dressed the way you were used to seeing me I would get more sideways glances then I will for wearing cropped pants in November.” 

He shook his head in defeat as they left the room. Jack was in the hall waiting for them and again it looked as if he and Lexie had planned on dressing the same. He was wearing black cargo pants and a white tee shirt that read: Don’t worry about your girlfriend I will have her back to you before sunrise.” Lexie thought it was funny Milo thought it was some hint that he knew what the two of them really were. He gave Jack a menacing look as he passed to grab Lexie’s hand. She led them to the elevator and through the lobby to the awaiting jeep.  Milo held the door opened for her and went to the drivers’ side.

“Lexie dear, can we please not listen to the music you had in here last night?” 

“No, we won’t be. Tonight we are listening to this one. Some of the songs are calmer but not all of them. So don’t freak out on me okay?” She gave him a knowing wink as she put the c.d. in Milo seemed relaxed as the song started but once the beat picked up on the lyrics were being sung she saw the change on his face. She turned to see Jack in the back seat singing along uncontrollably like she was. 

“Don’t you like it?”

“Well I do and I do not. I like the sound of the instruments and I like the voice, I am just not sure I like them together. You know I am not used to these sorts of songs. You know what I am used to and this is very different from the music that was played when we were last together. All in all I can see myself listening to more and more of it, it will just take some getting used to.” He turned and gave her a warm smile.

“Oh over there it is a mall. Let's go there that will be the best thing.”
 
Milo hurriedly parked the car and went around to hold the door open for Lexie. Jack climbed out and followed the couple it looked as if Milo was dragging Lexie away to keep her away from Jack.

“Milo, stop it you are acting like a jealous little boy. You are the one I love, you are the one I am with, Jack is a friend a very good friend and you should be treating him with the respected he deserves understood?”

Milo stopped and looked in her eyes. “Fine, for you I will do this. For some reason I feel threatened by him. It isn’t what I felt with Jasper, and I am not jealous just slightly afraid. I am not sure why though, but for you I will treat him as a friend.”

“Good because he is a friend and there is no reason to fear him, besides he should be the one afraid of us.” She smiled at him once Jack had caught up Lexie led the way through the mall stopping at all the major department stores having Milo try on one of everything in the store it seemed like. As time went on he noticed Lexie was dressing him the way Jack was dressed so as he entered the dressing room of the last store he pulled Lexie in side to have a private word with her. 

“Why are you trying to make me look like him? Why are you trying to turn me into his doppelganger?”

Lexie laughed as she was hanging the clothes on the hook. “I am not trying to turn you into him, in case you didn’t notice these are the clothes that are in fashion, I can’t help it if he dresses fashionably. I am not trying to turn you into anyone’s doppelganger.  I am just trying to bring you up to date. So please love calm down and try these on. If you really want to always be in a suit and tie that is fine. I just thought it would be best to get you a little bit of everything." She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and winked before leaving the dressing room. She popped her head back. "Feel this leather on that jacket it is like butter!”

She waited for him to parade around in the jacket, dark washed jeans and the casual button down shirt she had picked. When all was said and done she has purchased jeans, short sleeve button down shirts, cargos, hoodie sweatshirts, more tee shirts than he could count, a few long sleeve thermal shirts and the leather jacket. He didn’t even want to know what was in her bags.  Lexie felt bad that they dragged Jack out and then they didn’t really need him. She made it up to him though by getting him his own leather jacket and some leather boots he was eyeing. She could sense Jack felt awkward around the two of them. She just wasn’t sure why he felt that way. Lexie tried to talk to him a few times when Milo was trying clothes on but he just gave her grunts and shrugs instead of answering her. 

When they got back to the hotel Milo said he wanted to go back to the computer and mess around some more. Lexie did not feel like watching him and went down to Jack’s room. She quietly knocked on the door and waited for him to answer. He yawned as he answered.

“Hey Lexie, what’s up?” He moved out of the doorway and rubbed his eyes as she passed.

“Not a lot. Milo is into looking up everything he missed he is messing on the net. I just wanted to get out of there. Mind if I hang out here for a bit?” She sat on the sofa and kicked off her shoes.

“You know I don’t. Not sure I will make better company. I’m exhausted. I was going to turn in.” He sat down next to her trying to hide another yawn. “So I was wondering. What is the deal with you two? Are you like together?”

Lexie laughed a little. “It is literally a long story. Yeah we are like together. It is has been such a long time though. We have both changed a lot. I just didn’t think it would be this different. I am sure we will be fine once he gets caught up on all that he has missed.” She laid back and rested her head on his shoulder.
Jack adjusted himself so he could wrap his arm around her shoulder. “Do you like hanging out with me because I look so much like him?”

Lexie sat up and looked in his eyes. “I like hanging out with you because you are cool to hang out with. The fact that you resemble him has nothing to do with it. You could be his complete opposite with like blonde hair and blue eyes and I would still be right here right now.”

Jack wrapped his arms tighter around her and kissed the top of her head. “I am glad to hear it. If we are going to sleep can we please at least move to the bed this couch is not very comfortable?” Without another word they both stood and went to lie down in the bed. It was nice to share a comforting moment.

Milo knew she was in Jack’s room but he also knew how they felt for one another. He knew she needed comfort right now. He could not pull himself away to give it to her though. He had missed too much. Even though drinking from her gave him the images and knowledge it still was not enough. He wanted to see with his own eyes. He wanted to hear the sounds with his own ears. He spent the whole time on the computer. He did not even hear the door open the next night. 

“Milo, it is our last night here would you like to do anything before we leave tomorrow night? We will need to be to the airport right at sundown.” Lexie had gone to gather stuff up. He heard her mumble something under her breath about him being glued to the screen. 

He got up from the desk and followed her into the bedroom. He silently helped her gather random shoes and such from around the room. He placed them in the suitcase then sat next to her on the bed. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders. “Darling, I’m sorry I have not been very attentive. I have just missed a great many things. I feel like I will never catch up.” He was kissing her neck trying to make things right.

Lexie placed her hand on his cheek. “I know love, I am trying to be tolerant that is why I don’t spend a lot of time around the room. I am worried I will say or do something to upset you. We will get back to the states and you can do whatever you need to. I will have the clubs and work to keep my busy.” They shared a deep kiss as they laid down to rest before the flight the next evening.

Chapter Five

Jasper was able to crawl away from the debris. He did not know what caused the explosion. All he was concerned about was finding a safe place to heal and rest. He found a small alcove inside what was left of the cave. He used some of the debris in order to construct a make shift shelter. All of his friends were now gone thanks to Alexandra’s temper. He would miss his friends but he was more upset that she and Milo were reunited. He learned long ago nothing would bring her to him but that did not mean he would allow her to be happy with someone else. He closed his eyes while he tried to set his plan in motion. He knew she would be returning to the states soon. She did not really have a reason to stay there. He also knew that the both of them would be looking for him. He would return to states the next night in hopes of beating her back. She would return to see her precious human “guards” ripped to shreds. He looked forward to draining them and crushing her sprits. Milo was a different story, he did not think he would be weak but he would still be naïve as to how things had evolved.

“I will just rip that fools head clean off his shoulders right in front of her. I will drink his blood. I must know who turned him. Whoever it was will pay dearly for their disruption of my plans.” Jasper let his mind go blank, he felt his wounds healing and rested knowing he would need all his strength. After word spread none of his friends would be willing to help him. None would want to go against this witch.

Jasper awoke the next evening feeling fully restored. He stretched then made his way out of the wreckage towards the road. He ran with his super human speed into the next town. He used a payphone to make all of his travel arrangements. He waited patiently as a sleek black car appeared to take him to the airport. A large man got out and opened the door to allow Jasper to enter. He got comfortable as the car sped away towards the airport. He was glad to see a small blue bag sitting on the seat. He opened the bag to see a pair of jeans, cable net sweater, a comb and polished black shoes.  He relaxed into the soft leather seats. 

When they reached the airport he took the bag into the bathroom and changed into the fresh clothes. He felt revived he wanted to feed but knew better than to attempt so in the airport. He took the small blue bag and left the men’s room where the chauffer was still waiting. He was glad to see a small private plane waiting for him. He politely titled his head towards the pilots as he boarded.

He drew the shades of the windows and instructed them to leave them that way so he could rest. His eyes closed and visions of his past filled his dreams.

Jasper woke up with a pain in his arm from where one of his brothers had just hit him. He sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. “I hate when you do that. My arm is going to hurt all day now.” He rubbed his upper arm while Nathaniel laughed and patted Jasper’s other shoulder.

“Calm down little brother. Maybe one day you will learn to fight back.” He left the small room they all shared. Nathaniel was the eldest followed by Victor, James and finally Jasper. Jasper heard Nathaniel yelling from the kitchen. “Come along runt or you might starve.” Jasper could hear the others laughing as he hurried into the main part of the house that served as the kitchen and pretty much everything else. Nathaniel had his plate piled with biscuits and what Jasper was sure was mutton. He was glad to see his mother and set a plate aside for him. Since their father died it was the boy’s job to provide for the house. Nathaniel worked in the farm tending to the sheep. He was a large man; sometimes Jasper wasn’t sure how he and his other brothers fit into the same room as him. Nathaniel also helped a few of the other men by mending fences and such. Victor was also on the large size although he was not as wide as Nathaniel. He worked in town helping some of the shopkeepers keep their books. James wanted to be like Victor, earn a good living without much manual labor. Nathaniel was like their father, he loved being out doors and working with his hands. It was all the better if he could get paid for it. The older boys looked down on Jasper who preferred to spend time learning medicine from their mother. She had a knack for knowing what combination of herbs could cure what aliments. Jasper found it fascinating. His brothers would tease and told him that was women’s work whenever their mother was not around. They would not want to disrespect her by putting her trade down.

Jasper was used to being the butt of his brothers jokes. He did not know his father the way his brothers did. All of his memories were of his mother and his brothers teasing. He attempted to stand up to Nathaniel once, after he was told that his work with the herbs was pointless and no woman would want him, Jasper told Nathaniel that he was the one no woman wanted and that is the true reason he was still at home after all these years. Nathaniel beat him badly. He was stuck in bed for three days as his body healed. After that day he just learned to keep his mouth shut.

On the spring of Jasper’s twentieth birthday a band of gypsies came into town. Jasper and his brothers did not think anything of it since they lived on the outskirts with the other farmers. Their mother refused to leave while they were there and informed each of her sons to keep them away from their home. She would not treat them, she would not sell to them, and she made it very clear she wanted nothing to do with them while they were here. None of her sons disagreed. They might have had their differences but one common denominator was their mother. They would do whatever they needed to do to protect and provide for her. Jasper’s mother sent him to town with Victor and James. Victor was set to wed Ruth, the daughter of the local butcher. She was nothing special to Jasper, but Victor was enamored with her. In the process of their courtship James had fallen for one of Ruth’s cousins Jillian. Again Jillian seemed to hold no appeal for Jasper but James believed the sun rose and set for her. He was happy his brothers had found love. They would move out of their home, plus they no longer worried what Jasper did. He wished Nathaniel would find someone. He knew that the problem was Nathaniel himself. He was a bully, he was crude and most of the women found him vile and untrustworthy. They seemed drawn to Jasper, he figured he did not seem as intimidating. The women probably thought they could control him. He would not allow that though either. As it was the oldest and youngest son were still bachelors.  The gypsy caravan had been in their area for a little over a week. One evening Jasper literally ran into the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. He was out wondering around trying to avoid Nathaniel when he stepped on the hand on a woman lying in the shrubs staring at the night sky. She had long black hair full of haphazard curls. It was hard to make out her features at first, but as his eyesight got better he could see her full hips and bosom. Her dress was simple; she had a few colorful shawls tied around her waist. 

She broke the silence her voice was as sweet as honey to him. “Aye, what do you think you are doing? Do not tell me you are one of these crazy town folks trying to chase us off? We will be gone in a few days we just stopped to let the animals and such rest. This place is not that great anyway.” Her voice had an accent Jasper was not familiar with. He wished she would have kept talking her voice was a drug to his ears. He still had not spoken. She cocked her head to left to gaze at him.

“Aye boy, are you feeling okay?” She snapped her fingers and he heard her mumble something about him being the town’s simpleton.

At those words he finally spoke. “I apologize ma’am. I am not a simpleton; I was just taken aback by your beauty. I do hope that we will meet again under improved circumstances. I hope I did not hurt your hand. However you should not be out here without protection. We have a large wolf population in these parts.”

At the mention of protection and wolves she broke out into laughter. It was sweeter sounding than her voice yet he was sure he heard a hint of venom. “Do not worry about me boy. It is others who need protection from me. Wolves and other beings are no matter to me.” She had a wicked grin on her face and her teeth were bright in the moonlight.

Jasper waited before he spoke trying to gather his thoughts and say something clever. He had opened his mouth to speak when he heard the familiar voice of Nathaniel. “Here Jasper, better hurry home I know how you hate the dark.” Jasper tried to hide his disgust but the woman in front of him noticed.

“Jasper is it? That is a strong name. I am Esperanza. I am not sure who the man calling for you is however I can see you do not want to be around him. Why is that?” She had stepped closer to Jasper; he could now see her dark eyes and the way her bottom lip looked to be pouting. He wondered what it would be like to kiss her.

“Here you are little brother!” Nathaniel had found him. Jasper’s face turned red with rage he quickly turned on his brother.

“Nathaniel, if I wanted you to know where I was I would have told you!” Jasper typically avoided confrontation but he wanted to be alone with her. “I am trying to enjoy this young ladies company now please leave.”

When Nathaniel heard Jasper mention a lady he turned to see Esperanza. Since he was not blind, he was able to see why Jasper would want to keep her all to himself. He shoved Jasper aside to give her a low bow. “Hello my lady. My name is Nathaniel. I certainly hope my brother was not bothering you. If he has I would be happy to make it up to you by gracing you with my presence.” He gave her a wink as he stood up to puff his chest out.

Esperanza snorted at his words. “If I did not enjoy his company I would not still be here. However since you arrived I have lost all interest in this area.” She looked around Nathaniel to speak directly to Jasper. “Jasper I enjoyed meeting you, even if it was not under the best of circumstances.” She gave him a smile and turned to walk to where Jasper assumed her caravan was camped out. 
Nathaniel had other plans and quickly grabbed her wrist. “I tired to be nice but I think you need to return the favor now. I have heard about you gypsy women. I know what you need.” Jasper could not see his brother’s face but from the malice in his voice he knew it did not fair well for Esperanza. Nathaniel tried to pull her to him but she merely laughed at his attempts.

“What did you hear about me? That we are all whores to be used by animals like you? That is not true. We have pride and we have respect for ourselves. I warn you now get your hands off of me or I will rip your head clean from your shoulders.” Jasper could see the look on her face and the tone of her voice stopped him in his tracks. He wanted to tell his brother to let her go. He wanted to run back to the house but he was rooted to that spot. Nathaniel lunged at her; in the pale moon Jasper saw them fight. She was quick. She straddled Nathaniel her voice was no longer sweet it was shrill and hurt Jasper’s ears. “I warned you, you little fool. I am going to enjoy this.” Jasper watched her bend towards Nathaniel’s face. At first he thought she was going to kiss him but he knew that could not be the case when he heard his brothers blood-curdling scream fill the night air. 

Jasper woke up in the small kitchen of his home. His mother was crying he remembered his dream about Nathaniel and the gypsy woman Esperanza. He went to go see why his mother was crying. She told him that some men found Nathaniel’s body in the woods. It looked like the wolves got him. He was ripped and bitten to shreds, however they left his face alone. His mother cried harder explaining the look of horror on his face. She cried for a week straight. The other three boys could not console her. Jasper could not get over the fact that he did not stop his brother from being attacked. Even though they did not like each other they were still brothers. He should have stopped her he should have helped Nathaniel. He was going to do right and find her and bring her to justice no matter what he had to do. He had to help his family. Once his brother was laid to rest he told his mother he was going to go and hunt down the “wolf” that attacked Nathaniel. She was too distraught to argue with him. 

He was able to easily track where the caravan was headed since they left very visible tracks. He had caught up with them with in two days. He sat and watched but he never saw Esperanza. He started to think maybe she left the group to escape what she had done to Nathaniel.

At dusk things started to change with the caravan, more and more people started to arrive. The ones he had been watching all day were waiting on the new comers. Some bowed, others tried to hide as more and more people arrived. Jasper kept searching the faces of those before him but there was no luck. He was ready to give up when he heard her small laugh in his ear. “Come to thank me for ending your bothers life?” He turned but no one was behind him. He heard her laugh again in the distance. He made his way to the outskirts of the caravan where her laugh grew louder. She stood before a small fire; he was able to see her features better. She was a breath-taking woman; if he were not there to avenge Nathaniel he would have tried to court her. Her voice was sweet even though she was mocking him. “Do not worry, I did not drag it out. He did not suffer very long. If it makes you feel better he was so hard on you because you needed the guidance. He was worried if he wasn’t tough on you that you would never be able to strike out on your own. Touching I know. All you felt for him was disdain but he wanted nothing more than to protect and guide you.” He was brought back to the present by her giggling.

Tears were in Jasper’s eyes he hoped she could not see them in the firelight. He always thought Nathaniel hated him. “I came to avenge my brother, I am not sure how you did what you did but I will not rest until you pay for what you have done to my brother. Telling me that he cared for me only fuels my temper. It gives me even more reason to rip you apart.” Jasper’s breathing was getting heavy, there was a weight on his chest, his palms were sweating then he clasped. The cold dirt felt good on his skin, he lay there for a long time trying to steady his breathing. Esperanza sat down next to him and placed his head in her lap. She lightly ran her fingers through his hair as she tried to soothe him. “Do not think on it Jasper, I did what I needed to do in order to get you. I have been watching you for sometime. I know that you are the one for me. You are fair and loyal. I want you to stay with me, to be with me as my mate.” She turned his head, as their eyes met the hate he had for what she had done to Nathaniel melted. 

He was starting to feel more like himself again. He tried to sit up but she gently placed her hand on his chest. He laid back down resting his head in her lap. “ I understand you will not be able to forgive me for what I did to your brother. I can offer you so many wonderful things though. I can offer you riches and travel and immortality.” He scoffed at her offer of immortality.

“How can you offer immortality? Do you have some sort of gypsy spell or tonic?” Jasper was enjoying the way her fingers idly ran over his chest. He was trying to imagine what type of concoction they brewed up to grant “immortality”.

She stopped running her fingers on his chest. “It is not as simple as that. It will be painful; you will be in the worst pain of your life. You will feel your body die. You will feel more pain than you ever thought possible. However once you feed the pain goes away and you become filled with a sense of euphoria.” He could hear the dreaminess in her voice.

“Wait, how can you grant immortality if my body dies?” He was now sitting up. His body was back to normal. The panic that he was feeling was leaving him. His mind was becoming clear again.

“I am not sure how to explain it, maybe to say your body is dying is not the best way to describe it. I know it feels that way though. I encourage you to take my offer because you will never be able to kill me, at least this way you can move forward.”

Jasper stood at her words. “It is crazy to suggest that I go off and be your mate. You killed my brother! You ripped him apart; you did it right in front of me. I do not know what type of spell you are casting but I will kill you. Mark my words you will die by my hand.” Jasper looked down he thought he saw a hint of sadness in her eyes. She stood toe to toe with him.
“Fine have it your way, but I assure you that you will soon see things my way. You will be begging me to turn you, to let you spend eternity with me and maybe I will let you.”  She backed up towards the tree line. “Until we meet again Jasper.” She gave him a wink as she curtsied.  He had moved to chase her but she was already gone. He could not see anything in the trees and was not sure how she could either. He fell to the ground and sobbed.

Jasper awoke from his dream as the plane hit some turbulence. He heard the pilot over the intercom. “Sorry sir, we have had some turbulence but we should be out of it soon.”
Jasper readjusted himself and went back to dreaming of the past. He needed to make this flight go by as fast as possible.

He had been stalking her for 2 years. This time was going to be different he had someone on the inside, someone who wanted her dead as much as he did. He did not know how she did not have any marks from their previous encounters. He had done so many things to her yet she always came out unscathed. While following her he heard rumors and listened to any story people were willing to tell about her and the other gypsies. Most places called them the Devil’s Brood. They were never seen during the daylight hours, they never eat and people often go missing when they are in town. Jasper heard of several men found the way his brother was. He was starting to come to terms with the fact that she was not human. He did not care what she was she was going to pay for killing Nathaniel.

Jasper met with his spy who told him she would be alone in her tent all evening she was expecting company. Jasper quickly grabbed his daggers and made his way to the camp. Since he had been chasing her he became skilled in short and long range weapons. This time he had the upper hand and he was going to drive a dagger through her heart. He waited silently as he heard arguing.

“Esperanza, you need to stop this game. I love you and I want to be with you but I cannot sit by while you play these games with others. Please pick me and we will be together. I will make you happy, I will give you all that your heart has ever desired. I know you love me as well.” The man was firm in his words, at first it sounded like he was begging but as Jasper listened he could hear it was not a feeble request but a command. Whoever he was he was tired of her games.

Esperanza’s laughter filled the tent. “Jonathan, I will do as I please as I always have. You have always known that. Now come and sit with me.” Jasper could hear her hesitance, she was trying to gain control of the situation but her visitor would not have any of it.

“Damn you! Why do you insist on acting like a child? This will end tonight!” the man stomped his foot on the ground and moved towards her. Jasper could see his shadow grab hers and there was an embrace of some sort. He could hear her gentle moaning and used it to his advantage as she and he companion were embracing he made his way into the tent. Her back was to Jasper, she and the man called Jonathan were to involved in each other. As he drew his dagger the man's eyes open to meet Jaspers but it was to late he had sunk the dagger into her back throw her heart. Esperanza’s screams filled the night air; Jaspers head throbbed from where the man had punched him. Jonathan was cradling Esperanza, Jasper watched through blurred vision as the two lovers shared their last words.

“Jonathan, you were right. I do love you. No one ever had my heart the way you do. Forgive me for my games. Remember my heart belongs to you.” Jonathan opened his mouth to speak but Esperanza was gone her body was rapidly decomposing in front of them. Tears were in his eyes, as he met Jasper’s gaze the tears were burned up by his rage. He gently set her body down; brushing the hair off of her face then ran over to Jasper.

“You little human bastard! You killed that which I loved most. I will do the same to you. I will make all your worst fears come true she told me about how she killed you brother and how you refused to be turned. I will turn you and then you will watch me kill your family. You will live forever knowing that you are the reason your loved ones suffered an excruciating death. Remember everything you love for all times will be taken from you by my hand.” Jasper was going to respond but there was a pain in his neck as he felt his life leave him. He though for sure he was dead. Then Jonathan pressed his open wound to Jasper’s lips. His mouth was full of what he thought was liquid iron. It was salty and burned his mouth and throat. He wanted to scream but the pain was subsiding and being replaced with a dire need. Jonathan finally pulled away. He grabbed Jasper by his hair as he gazed in his eyes. “Now your body will die, I hope it is as painful for you as it was for me. Then I will let you starve for weeks, months even. When the hunger is unbearable I will bring your little nieces and nephews in first, followed by your brothers and their wives. I will save your mother for last. You will know pain and loss like I have.” He punched Jasper several times in the face.

Jasper awoke to someone tapping his shoulder. “Sir, we have arrived. I hope you had a good trip.” Jasper did not give the woman and second glance as he left the plane. He wanted to make a real mess for Alexandra. He would teach her to remember who her master is.

















