All characters in this publication are fictitious, any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
A Time of Kings
Episode One
Copyright © 2018 Odette C Bell
Cover art stock photos licensed from Depositphotos.

www.odettecbell.com


A Time of Kings
Episode One

In the Zenith Kingdom, kings are not born – they are remembered.
Their memories are held in the dreams of their brides-to-be. Find one of these brides, and she can bestow upon a man the powers of a ruler past.
There was a time when the Zenith Royal family had to search the galaxy for brides – now all are kept in the palace. They think they have every bride under control; they don’t.
One has eluded them, and within her dreams rests the most powerful king there ever was.

Prologue
Royal Guard Sampson Golding flit through the cramped caverns beneath Zenith Palace.
His palset gun was holstered at his side. With a sleek silver and black body and a glowing green chamber lodged in the base, it left trails of light through the pitch-black room.
His fingers hovered over it, ready to draw it at any second.
The strident, heavy pound of his footfall rang out, his armored boots slamming against the ancient carved stone beneath him.
It was matched by the much softer patter of the dream shaman’s footsteps. Sampson might have hulking great, half-inch thick smart armor to protect his feet from the roughly hewn stone; Clarice had nothing.
When he’d taken her from her room in the uppermost tower, she hadn’t had the time to find shoes.
Now she ran, the base of her heels bleeding, leaving tracks of blue-red luminescent blood marking the dust-covered ground.
It would be evidence she had fled, but by the time the other Royal Guards found it, it would be too late. Sampson would have bundled her onto a waiting transport and jumped out of this sector.
Clarice never fell behind, despite the fact she had no armor to aid her movements. Her breath was shallow but controlled. She’d trained for this. For two years, she’d prepared every night for the possibility Sampson would knock and mutter that he’d finally secured a transport off-world.
Sampson shifted in close, using the heat-detectors of his visor to monitor Clarice. Her muscles vibrated with heat as she pushed herself to the point of exhaustion. Her ceremonial purple and gold robes were covered with sweat. The only thing that was cold was the necklace that swayed around her throat with every frantic step.
The necklace was an orb made of xanta ore – the rarest substance in the known universe. It could only be controlled by dream shamans. In Clarice’s hands, and hers only, she could open the orb.
What was inside was a secret he wasn’t important enough to know.
The ore itself was a means of detecting those who could walk the land of dreams. A hundred years ago, all young women throughout the Milky Way had been tested for their ability to interact with xanta. That time was no longer. For now, the Zenith Royal family controlled all dream shamans; they were bred, not found.
The Zeniths hadn’t lost a Shaman for a century.
Until today.
Clarice didn’t stop moving, even when her foot snagged a rough section of rock, the stone slicing through her heel.
She gasped as blood splattered everywhere.
Sampson ducked in fast, wrapped a hand around her elbow, and held her steady. He tilted his head down, using the sensors of his visor to detect her face, even in the darkness.
Her features were contorted with pain as sweat dribbled down her temples.
She brought up a hand and clutched her xanta pendant, her knuckles as white as snow.
He opened his mouth to beg her to hold on.
He stopped.
Beyond, somewhere deep in the tunnels of this twisting stone maze, he heard footfall.
Dread spilled through his chest, as cold as the depths of the ice moon that circled Zenith Prime.
His grip tightened around her arm as his free hand darted toward his gun.
Clarice wore lenses over her eyes to accommodate the dark. Her gaze flashed toward him as he pounced on his gun.
“What—” she began.
Sampson jerked his head once, begging her to stay silent without muttering a word.
He pulled out his gun, the sensors of his armor picking up the sound of more hurried footfall coming their way.
This was it. The other Royal Guards had obviously caught up with them.
Somewhere in the pit of Sampson’s stomach, dread coiled. It told him one thing. He would not survive this.
A memory of his family flashed before his eyes – his wife with her shining smile, his son with that streak of determination that told anyone he would take on the universe.
Sampson let those memories warm him as he backed into Clarice. “Run,” he said through a deep, reverberating breath.
“What? I won’t leave you,” she began.
“You have no choice. Run. I have loaded the details of the transport into your personal computational device. Survive so that one day you can bring back the means to destroy the Royal family,” he said, his voice as strong as his tightening grip around his gun.
There had once been a time when Sampson had lived to protect the Zenith family. He came from a long line of Royal Guards, and from the day he’d been born, he’d been brought up with the knowledge that he existed to serve.
But slowly he had come to understand. The Zenith family were not worthy of protection. They had the Milky Way in a stranglehold, and they would never let go. Unless they were forced.
Sampson brought his gun up higher, tracking the sound of footfall as it sprinted toward them. It sounded like the relentless beat of some great creature’s heart, as if the very stone tunnels around him had come to life.
Clarice tried to push a hand forward and wrap it around his armored elbow – but he shrugged out of her grip. He jerked his head over his shoulder. “Run, dream shaman, and when you come back, destroy their stranglehold on the Kings forever.”
A tear welled in her eye, trailed down her cheek, and splashed onto her elegant neck. She nodded once. Then the dream shaman turned on her bare, bloodied feet and ran into the dark.
Sampson brought his gun up, closed his eyes, thought of his family, and started firing.


Chapter 1
Sierra
20 years later…
Sierra stared down at her sand-covered boots, grumbling as she reached the top flight of stairs. Clarice hated it when she tracked sand into the house. Which was pretty hard not to do considering where they lived.
Turning over her shoulder, Sierra glanced back down the long winding path she had to take every day from the city to her home out in the cave-lands.
If she tilted her head at just the right angle, pushed up onto her tiptoes, and held her breath, she could see a single spire of Cluster City a hundred kilometers away.
She had to take a hoverbike whenever she wanted to head to the city, and it was parked at the base of this long, winding set of roughly carved stairs that led up to the house.
Sierra lived alone with her adoptive mother and teacher, Clarice. Clarice, with her stunning eyes, her long, elegant features, her graceful hands, and her unique wisdom. There was never anything that seemed to faze her. Heck, last year when a massive Royal cruiser had crashed in the desert and the merchants and scavengers of Cluster City had gone wild picking apart its remains, Clarice had remained cool and calm. Rather than heading out to the broken vessel to sift through the smoldering ruins in the hope she could find some unique and useful technology to sell, she’d closed the doors and locked them.
Sierra hadn’t been allowed out for two whole weeks until, predictably, a contingent of Royal cruisers had swept onto this barren world, plucked up the remains of the ship, and prosecuted anyone who’d been illegally scavenging from it.
Sierra might not know much about the ways of this galaxy, but she could appreciate that of all the vying powers, the Zenith Royal Family were the greatest. They kept a stranglehold on their unique technology, their ships, even their people. And if one went down, they’d tear through the galaxy to find them.
Sierra ran her hand over the front of her boots, trying to dislodge the sand.
“Just take them off,” she muttered to herself as she pulled the two release-flaps at the front of the boots. They were meant to seal the shoes from sand and debris, not that they ever worked properly. Creep around too many caves and stagger down too many sand dunes out in the vast deserts, and they’d soon fill up with toe-grating grit.
As she tugged firmly on the release-tabs, the seals disengaged, two little puffs of air escaping up her ankles. She shook her feet as she lithely pulled them out of her boots, not bothering to get down to her knee to steady her balance. She brushed her hand over her heel with two swift pats, then ran her fingers between her toes.
Once it was done, Sierra smiled.
She reached forward, settled a hand on the biometric panel next to the door, and waited for it to open.
… When, a full 10 seconds later, there was no beep, she frowned.
“Is this thing malfunctioning again?” she muttered to herself as she reached up to the panel, jimmied open the metal casing, and started messing around with the crystal filament-like wires within. In 30 seconds, she forced the manual release, and the door opened.
She walked in, a grin spreading across her face.
There’d been a time, not so long ago, when Sierra hadn’t had a thing to smile about.
She’d never known her family. If she’d ever had one, they would have died in the crash that had marooned her on this planet. She’d been plucked from the smoldering remains of a vessel that had crashed into the mouth of one of the gaping caves that dotted this area. If it hadn’t been for a particularly kind-hearted scavenger, she would have been left to rot. Instead, she’d been taken to Cluster City. There, she’d been fortunate enough to be handed to an orphanage. But the orphanage had been raided a few short years later by mercs and berserker scavengers.
At the age of seven, she’d been thrust out into the streets, deserts, and caves to survive.
For a few years, she’d run errands for the merchants in town, tracking illegal goods from one side of the city to the next, using her much smaller form to run through the sand-ducts that ran like intersecting veins through the built-up city to miss any patrols.
When she’d grown too large to cram her lithe body into those drains, she’d moved on to scavenging. With her savings, she’d managed to afford a hoverbike, and from there, she’d scouted out the eastern continent of this drab, never-ending desert world of Laroka Two.
Only a few short thousand kilometers away from a major jump gate, this planet was in a Prime Crash Landing Zone. In the first few hundred years of gate technology, captains had often miscalculated their jumps, heading too fast into the huge gates dotted across key transport routes. The gates were the primary means of interstellar travel throughout the galaxy – left over from the ancient Time of Kings. Come in too hard to one of those gates, fail to accurately calculate your trajectory and program your navigational computer to stay exactly en route, and you will careen out of it like a rock slung from a sling. Your nav systems will burn up and your thrusters will become unresponsive. If you are lucky, you will just be jettisoned through space until you stop or your hull burns up like hair singeing in a fire.
If you aren’t lucky and there’s a large world near a gate mouth – just like Laroka Two – you will slam into it with shield-shattering speed.
There were an estimated 10,000 ships that had crashed on Laroka over the years, and just like that Royal cruiser from a year ago, though nav technology had improved since the bad old days of space travel, plenty of captains still made mistakes.
None of that was the point. The point was that those years of scavenging the mindnumbing, endless deserts and caves of Laroka had seen Sierra through.
Everything had changed when she turned 16. When she’d turned 16, she’d met Clarice.
Clarice had recognized something in Sierra, and from there, had never left her side.
So that’s why Sierra grinned as the door opened, atmosphere escaping around her in brilliant white clouds as the airlock disengaged.
“I’m home. I managed to scavenge some generation 52 artillery communication modules from a ship that crashed 2000 kilometers west. I sold them—” she began.
She stopped.
The house wasn’t large. It didn’t need to be large. It needed two things – structural integrity to withstand the sudden and violent sandstorms that ripped through this region, and the bare minimum tech required to live.
Most of the furniture had been scrounged, like everything else in Sierra’s life.
From the flight seat she’d managed to grab from a luxury cruiser that was the pride of her collection, to gel mattresses, tables, and repurposed consoles that could play old footage from the various ship computers she’d found over the years.
Now?
“What’s going on?” Sierra spluttered as she thrust forward, her bare feet crunching over the loose scraps of metal scattered over the floor.
The console on the far side of the room had blast holes in it. It was smoldering softly, smoke curling up and filling the room with a toxic, acrid scent.
Sierra didn’t bother to bring up a hand and cram her sleeve over her mouth as she pushed forward. The jagged, heated chunks of metal littering the floor cut the soles of her feet, slicing through the flesh as easily as a laser through a cooked egg. “Clarice? Clarice?” Sierra bellowed. “Was there an accident? Did the console malfunction? Where are you?”
She thrust into the kitchen, latching a hand around the metal doorway and pivoting in. Her bare feet scattered broken smart glass, a few crackles of electricity discharging and sinking over her skin, biting into her ankles and knees.
Her eyes widened as she saw the kitchen.
It looked as if it had been hit with a grenade.
The window that once looked out above the main preparation unit onto the caves behind their house had been shattered inward.
Just like the console in the lounge room, it was smoldering softly, the edges so superheated, they were still red.
In Sierra’s head, the console in the lounge could have been an accident. Maybe some neural wires had been crossed – or maybe there’d been an old booby-trap that hadn’t been triggered until now.
This?
She thought she saw something through the gaping hole in the wall, out toward the enormous darkened cave that sat in the massive cliff face the house was built into.
She shifted forward, white-knuckled hands gripping the edge of the bench as she pushed onto her cut toes, craning her neck—
“Leave,” she heard a raspy voice splutter from down the corridor.
Sierra pushed toward it, moving so quickly, she almost fell over. She skidded, turned, and accidentally shoved her foot down onto a chunk of glass.
It slashed her heel, scattering blood everywhere.
She clenched her teeth together and hissed through a wheeze but didn’t pause to mop up the blood or spare her injury.
She thrust forward into the winding corridor that led to the bedrooms and storerooms of the house.
There was blood – all the way through the corridor, up the walls, even on the ceiling. It covered the small computerized panels that sat alongside each door.
Sierra had seen blood before. Of course she had. She’d grown up on a desert world where people scrounged and fought to live another day.
She’d even killed before. Not because she’d wanted to – because she’d had to. Out in some of the richer finds dotted around the main caves, people fought to pick-over ships. There were gangs – groups who scoured the deserts, claiming finds and aggressively defending them or just killing other scavengers and taking their goods.
So Sierra was no stranger to combat.
Yet the sight of that blood splattered up the walls with its unique red-blue shimmer made her stomach twist and her heart fall through the floor.
She knew that blood.
It belonged to Clarice.
Sierra had never known what race Clarice came from. She knew precious little about the woman’s past.
The day they’d met, Sierra had rescued Clarice from two particularly disreputable mercenaries in town. She’d tended to Clarice’s injuries before that strange pendant around Clarice’s neck had reacted to Sierra.
… The rest was a blur.
The blood covering the floor in front of Sierra was not.
Smoking chunks had been gouged out of the ceiling above her, and as she tilted her head up, she realized it was the handiwork of pulse gunfire.
Sierra knew her way around guns just as well as she did around the desert.
She opened her lips to scream Clarice’s name again. She stopped. She cast her gaze to the side, looking for a weapon.
With her heart hammering in her chest, she ducked into an open room, found a length of metal, and clutched it in her sweaty grip. She inched forward.
She could hear breathing; it was desperate and ragged. She could hear the gurgling sound of somebody trying to scream through a constricted, crushed throat.
With every step, all Sierra wanted to do was rush to that sound, but something told her to stop. It was the same instinct that had been keeping her alive until today.
Ever since the day she’d crash landed on this planet, she’d had… this presence in her mind. It came to her in moments of peril, saving her whenever she couldn’t save herself.
That same instinct now pounded in her head, concentrating at the top of her spine and sending tingling sparks of painful fear rushing through her body.
Just above the sound of ragged breathing was the creak of metallic joints.
Sierra’s mind started to race.
She tried to calculate what kind of force she could be up against.
Pulse guns were rare. Only the most sophisticated scavenger groups in town had them. Though a lot of scavengers were single-entity outfits – as the only person you could be sure would never stab you in the back was yourself – certain groups still managed to technically work together.
Through their combined efforts, they could find better weapons, tech, and armor.
Sierra considered the metal pole she had in her hands. Her grip around it might’ve been as tight as a vice, but it would be nothing compared to a man in full armor.
She needed to upgrade it, now.
Just as she shifted a single step closer toward that sound, she saw the console sparking to her side. It was the weather input control panel for the house. It was always stuffing up, and if it weren’t for Sierra’s years of engineering practice, they would’ve had to replace it with a far more expensive unit years ago.
Now Sierra thanked her lucky stars that she’d been too cheap to buy another one.
Obviously the input panel had taken a glancing blow from a blast. Said blast had lodged into the wall several centimeters to its side, buckling the metal, sending fracture lines through the composite mercari steel.
Not the point. The point was it had gouged a hole out of the side of the console, and inside, it had ruptured one of the power buffers.
She paused. She pressed all of her attention into her hearing, quieting her breath, controlling the movements of her muscles so she didn’t make a sound.
Keeping half of her attention for the panel and half for that rasping breath she heard further into the house, she leaned forward, grabbed the opposite side of the panel, and wrenched it off. Despite the fact it was a good 20 centimeters away from that blast hole in the wall, the metal was still blisteringly hot. She felt the tips of her fingers singeing as she clutched the metal. Gritting her teeth against the pain, she didn’t let the panel fall to the ground and clang. She placed it down carefully, despite the fact she blistered the skin down her fingers and across her thumb.
She returned her attention to the console. It was sparking, little crackles of electricity dancing down the wall and grounding into the floor.
Sierra took risks – you had to on a world like this.
But what she wanted to do next was suicide. Did she have another option, though?
Never relaxing her grip on that pole, with her other hand, she bent her fingers down, grasped her long sleeve, and hooked it over her fingers. It had some insulating properties, and as she pulled it over her thumb, she finally shoved her hand into the panel.
She grabbed the broken circuit buffer.
It sparked everywhere, a few crackles catching along her skin and instantly burning it.
She turned the buffer unit around, and she could have groaned in relief when she confirmed that the mag lock at the bottom was still operational.
She locked the breaker onto the pole. And then Sierra finally had a weapon.
It wasn’t a gun. It would only work at close range. But at least it was something.
She heard another strangled breath emanating from one of the back rooms. There was another gurgle, too, and though she could only pick up a few syllables, it was clear someone was telling her to run.
A tear trailed down Sierra’s cheek as she realized it had to be Clarice. It was that same graceful voice, albeit choked and strangled.
The past few years might’ve been a blur of happiness, despite the fact Sierra had still worked as a scavenger, but they’d done the one thing she’d told herself would never happen. They’d dulled her senses, fooling her into thinking the galaxy could be a nicer place.
There would’ve been a time when Sierra wouldn’t have gone anywhere without a gun at her hip. From today, she would return to that time.
She took another achingly slow step forward, controlling every movement as she placed her barefoot down in a puddle of blood.
Instantly her stomach twisted, bile rising through her throat. She had to control the urge to throw up.
There was another splutter as someone took a strangled breath.
She finally reached the door.
She swallowed. She pivoted to the side, slammed her back against the wall so she wasn’t in line-of-sight of the door, and took a hard breath. She brought up the knuckle of her free hand. She ground it into the open button.
The door beside her swept open.
She heard the unmistakable creak of joints as somebody no doubt brought a gun up. She swore she heard the sound of a finger tightening over a trigger.
“Run,” Clarice managed once more, her voice tortured. It sounded as if she pushed the word out of a completely constricted throat.
A shiver of total fear rushed down Sierra’s back, plunging into her stomach.
It was like an ignition spark. Her legs wanted to jerk away, to follow through with Clarice’s command. Instead, her mind and conscience one out, and she tightened her hands around the pole.
Just to Sierra’s side was the airlock door that led out of the back of the house. It opened onto a winding path that took one into the caves of the canyon beyond.
Sierra had spent many a day touring those caves.
They’d been picked dry by scavengers long ago. They were still fascinating, though, and whenever Sierra needed to think, she headed to them to let the magnificent beauty of those huge underground caverns still her mind. There was something about them….
Something about them that had always felt familiar, she forced herself to finish off that thought.
Sierra often got impressions – completely indescribable flashes or senses that came upon her all at once.
They all had this unquestionable sense of déjà vu.
But here’s the thing. The caves behind the house couldn’t remind her of anything else, as Sierra had never been off-world except for as an infant. So why did she feel as if she’d seen caves like them before? Smaller, more compact and mazelike, but just as quiet and serene?
Now was not the time to allow her mind to be taken by such thoughts. Still locking her attention on the airlock, she came up with a split-second plan.
From the constant creak of metal within the room, she could bet that whoever was holding Clarice hostage was getting fed up waiting for Sierra to appear.
Slicing her gaze down to the control pad just beside the airlock door, Sierra came up with a plan.
“Run, please, run,” she heard the strangled, quiet tones of Clarice. They were so weak. It sounded as if they would be her last words.
Sierra finally moved toward the airlock. Of all of the house’s systems she had to repair, she paid most attention to this door. You needed to control who could enter your house – especially on a planet as dangerous as this. Unwanted visitors aside, it was the unstable weather patterns in this particular section of the canyon that ensured one needed an interplanetary-grade airlock to prevent air loss as the wind howled past.
Sometimes it was hot – blisteringly hot as it brought the near 60-degree heat of the central desert pushing through the valley. Other times it was cold, and it would take the heat from your skin just as effectively as trailing ice down your back.
It wasn’t the weather outside that she was pinning her hopes on. If she ran out of the airlock and used her electrified rod to ignite the gases that would be released once the door opened, she could have a chance.
Her life didn’t flash before her eyes. There wasn’t the time.
Sierra had been in too many hair-raising, life-threatening situations for anything to change. Or maybe something had changed. Maybe somewhere in the back of her head, something withered, reminding her that the years of peace she’d had at Clarice’s side had been nothing more than an interlude in an otherwise screwed up life.
As the sound of Sierra’s bare feet slapping against the rubble-covered floor rang out, she finally felt vibrations shifting through it, indicating Clarice’s assailant was on the move.
Sierra reached the door, leaping up and jamming her knee into the input panel so she didn’t lose her grip on her weapon. She landed, twisted, and pitched through the door. Rolling down the incline outside, she turned and threw the electrified rod, her aim perfect as it sailed just into the gap in the wall where the seal was formed between the airlock and the door.
It was just in time.
She saw a completely black armor-covered form blasting toward her.
She caught just a snippet of the man’s unusual, sophisticated helmet and the equally unusual gun in his hand before the gas exploded and he was swallowed up by the flames.
She didn’t wait around. She wasn’t foolish enough to catch a face-full of fire as she stared at her attacker. She rolled to the side, out of the path of the explosion, allowing her body to fall several meters down the incline.
By the time the ground stopped shaking and metal stopped spewing out everywhere, her face was buried in the dust, her hands clasped over the back of her skull, her hair knotting around her milk-white fingertips.
Several seconds later, she pushed up, every muscle shaking, sweat glistening on her brow. Her simple gray sand tunic flared around her legs, exposing her reinforced leggings.
A few sparks had caught her pants, and they were smoldering softly, the skin beneath blistering. She grabbed up a handful of dust and threw it over the fabric rather than further burning her hands.
Sierra walked up the incline, twisting her head to both sides, her senses scanning for any further signs of enemy activity.
It was eerily silent. She could feel the yawning maw of the massive cave behind the house. She could smell the musty air, but that was it. There was the constant howl of wind, but carried on it, she couldn’t discern enemy fire or footfall.
She brought up the base of her shaking hand, trying to wipe the sweat from her mouth. But all she did was transfer the dust and dirt over her lips.
Letting the hand drop, she reached the rise and stared in dumbfounded shock.
Though that explosion had been intense, it hadn’t been anywhere near powerful enough to completely obliterate the man’s armor. It’d taken a chunk out of the side of his chest plate, delivering a critical blow to his heart. But the rest was intact. So she had no problem discerning what caliber of armor he wore.
“A Royal Guard?” The words spluttered from her lips in a flutter of dread. Bringing a hand up once more, she collapsed it against her lips, not caring as the skin turned cold and white.
Though she was overcome by the sight of the Royal Guard on her doorstep, she hadn’t forgotten the most important fact – Clarice was still inside. Getting through the smoldering, superheated doorway was another matter, though.
Realizing she couldn’t afford to waste any more time, her mind reeling at the fact this was no simple scavenger attack, Sierra cast around for another weapon. This time she wasn’t lucky enough to manufacture an electro rod out of steel and a stuffed power buffer. She had to settle for a stone instead. She locked it in her sweaty grip, the grit irritating her webbing as she finally tore her gaze off the Royal Guard. She shifted around the side of the house, heading for the broken window in the kitchen. As she reached it, she ran her fingers over the metal ledge. “I’ve never seen a blast like this,” she whispered harshly, instantly comparing the damage to the window against the predicted damage of other weapons she’d seen on Laroka.
Her stomach didn’t feel like it was inside her anymore. It felt as if someone had unwrapped her intestines and tried to choke her with them.
Her breath rasping, she climbed through the window.
There was still some residual heat in the metal, though thankfully most of it had been robbed by the marching wind that kept careening down the side of the building. It caught Sierra’s shoulder length hair, sending it scattering around her face and whipping over her cheeks and neck.
With a grunt, she scrunched up her small but lithe and strong form, vaulting over the crumpled windowpane and landing on the bench. From there, she tucked her knees in, jumped onto the floor, and pushed off at a run.
Something inside her told her to hurry. It wasn’t just at the possibility of what she’d find when she finally got to Clarice. She swore she could hear the sound of a ship overhead, coming in fast.
By the time she reached the door where she’d heard Clarice’s choked voice emanating from, her heart was beating so hard, a cold, fearful sensation began to spread through the top of her chest. It felt like someone had stabbed her in both lungs.
She crammed the base of her palm into the open button on the panel by the door and watched in frantic terror as the metal disappeared into the recess in the wall.
There in front of her was Clarice, her mentor, her only friend, her surrogate mother.
She was in a pile in front of a storage box, her long hair a mass of clotted blood over her bruised and broken face.
Just before Sierra could conclude that while Clarice’s injuries were devastating, they weren’t life-threatening, she picked up the unmistakable scent of singed flesh. Her gaze darted down, and in a moment of terror that would stay with her for the rest of her life, it locked on the chunk missing from Clarice’s side. It was easily 10 centimeters by 10 centimeters.
Sierra sucked in a choked, rattling gasp that felt like it would be the last she would ever breathe. She skidded down to her knees, sliding in and wrapping a hand around Clarice’s shoulder.
Clarice’s face was angled toward the floor, her pale white cheeks almost perfectly matching the white composite metal floor plating. As soon as she felt Sierra’s sudden touch, the woman shivered, her fingers showing strength they shouldn’t have as her body shut down. She shoved a hand under her bleeding form.
“Clarice?” Sierra managed.
It was just in time before Clarice could pull out a strange gun from underneath her and fire right through Sierra’s heart.
Sierra shifted back, keeping a hand clamped on Clarice’s shoulder, even though all her fear-filled mind wanted to do was duck away.
Clarice blearily opened her eyes, and as soon as they locked on Sierra, tears brimmed them, flooding along her eyelashes, trailing down her cold face, and mixing with the blood caking her messy hair. “Sierra,” she said with a vocal tremble that was the equivalent of somebody having a fit. “He didn’t catch you. Thank God. Where is he?”
“If you’re talking about the Royal Guard,” Sierra’s voice shook on the term Royal Guard, another blast of recognition telling her how impossible this situation was, “he’s dead. I managed to kill him in the doorway.” She didn’t bother to go into the details. They weren’t important right now. The color rapidly leaving Clarice’s cheeks was.
Though there was some limited medical technology in this house, short of a sophisticated stasis pod, there was nothing that would save Clarice.
Clarice obviously understood this. Letting the gun clatter onto the ground, she reached forward with her other hand, grasping Sierra’s fingers as they rested on her shoulder.
Clarice used what little strength she still had to clutch Sierra’s hand firmly as the last few traces of her heat transferred into Sierra’s skin.
Sierra shuddered through a breath, more tears spilling out of her eyes, washing down her cheeks, collecting over her chin, and soaking the collar of her sand tunic. “What happened? Who was that man? Are they doing some kind of patrol? Do they think I was involved in the scavenging of the Royal cruiser last year?”
Clarice didn’t say a word. She just looked at Sierra with… dead eyes. It wasn’t that she finally took her last breath – it was that the gaze suggested Clarice was staring into some soulless future. And if her own was about to end, that could only mean that somber gaze was meant for Sierra.
Sierra twitched forward again, bringing her other hand up, resting it under Clarice’s fragile head, and drawing her close as she choked through tears. The fabric of her sand tunic dragged through Sierra’s blood. “What’s going on?”
“They were after me.”
“What?”
“And I foolishly led them to you.”
“What are you talking about?”
“There’s so much I should’ve told you, from my past to the reason I brought you here when I recognized you in the markets.”
Sierra could barely speak, let alone breathe. Every inhalation was so drowned by emotion, it felt like she was being pushed into some gaping abyss.
Her heart trembled with such fragility, if she had to endure another moment of Clarice’s protracted death, it would just about kill her.
She crouched forward again, pressing her head against Clarice’s. “I’ll try to save you–”
“I’m dying, Sierra. I saw it in your eyes. There’s no time to waste on me. You have to get out of here – run.” Somehow, Clarice’s rapidly dimming eyes blasted with force on the word run. The skin around her eyelids tightened, her cheeks drawing thin like metal sheets.
That word was enough to get Sierra to jerk back. She almost dropped Clarice’s head. “What have you done? Why are they after us? What do you mean there’s so much you should’ve told me?”
“I was once a dream shaman for the Zenith Royal family.”
“What the hell is that?”
“There’s… no time. Just run. But know this – the Royal family now know who you are, and they’ll stop at nothing to get you.”
With every new revelation, it felt like someone was taking an ax to Sierra’s legs and chopping them higher and higher until she was left with nothing more than immovable stumps. “What do you mean the Royal family are after me?”
Clarice clutched her hand tighter. “You’re a dream shaman just like me. You can control Xanta ore,” she said. Somehow, though it looked as if she’d lost so much blood she was nothing more than skin and bones, she managed to bring up her other hand. She fished it down the front of her torn, bloodstained collar, pulling out the intriguing necklace she always wore.
From the first moment Sierra had clapped eyes on it, she’d loved it. Something in it had… called to her
“You need to take this. It’s yours now. But you can’t show anyone.” Clarice coughed, blood splattering out of her lips and splashing over Sierra’s chin.
She didn’t recoil. She wouldn’t allow herself to. She just shifted closer as more tears spilled continuously down her cheeks. “I don’t understand any of this,” she cried.
Clarice managed to lock a shaking hand on Sierra’s face.
Sierra leaned into it.
“Find out about the dream shamans. Secretly. Never let the Royal family know who you are. And never,” she managed to bring up her other hand, pressing the pendant into Sierra’s, “ever show people you can interact with xanta ore.”
Sierra was now sobbing so hard, she couldn’t push her words out. She’d seen so much death, and yet she’d never had someone this close to her die. “What is that pendant?”
“Your redemption and your damnation. Never admit to anyone that you have it. Never reveal it, but keep it close.”
“But—”
“Run. Royal Guards never work alone. Flee through the caves. From there, head across to Bentai City.”
“What about Cluster? It’s closer.”
“Because the guards will be looking for you there.”
Fear now slackened Sierra’s cheeks, drawing down her face, making it feel as if gravity had taken hold and would never let go again. She took a shaking breath. She opened her mouth.
Clarice smiled. There was something final about it, something truly weak about the way her lips twitched.
Sierra doubled forward, gasping through a breath that shook her chest. “Please don’t leave me. Please—”
“Promise me one thing – if you start to remember your king, tell no one.”
With that cryptic message, Clarice died. Right there in Sierra’s arms.
For several moments, Sierra did nothing. Her mind detached from the situation, fleetingly thinking of her plans for tomorrow. Then, like a knife carving through her heart, she felt pain stabbing into her chest.
She bent forward, hugging Clarice’s limp form.
Though the rest of her senses became numb with grief, her hearing still worked, and she swore she heard the uneven rumble of a vessel coming in low above.
It forced her to jerk up, her sense of self-preservation kicking in. She brought up her hand, pressed it against her lips to muffle the sound of her panting breath, and paused.
She caught that sound again.
Sure enough, it was louder, closer.
Though it was the hardest thing she’d ever done in her life, she pushed up, every single muscle shaking.
A part of her just wanted to collapse forward and hug Clarice until the guards caught up with her. The rest of her – that deep intuition that had warned her something was wrong earlier – forced her forward.
She began to stagger away, but then she stopped, that pendant falling out of Clarice’s grasp and clanging onto the floor.
It grabbed her attention.
She hesitated, her fingers pulsing in and out before she swept forward and picked it up.
Instantly the orb reacted to her. It was this tiny circular, perfectly rounded pendant, and just as had happened all those years ago when she’d chanced upon Clarice in the markets, the metal moved as she touched it. It began to spin. Rather than let it distract her, she looped it around her neck, pulling her sweaty hair out of the chain. She pressed it against her chest, letting her hand push hard against it for several seconds before she forced her fingers to fall.
She spun toward the door. Before she could leave, she saw Clarice’s gun. She hesitated and picked it up. In an instant, she realized her first impression was correct. Though Sierra had seen many guns in her life, she didn’t recognize this strange design. It was too sleek, the barrel at the back letting out a continuous but faint green glow. It was one that left light trailing in the air curiously as she grasped it close, her eyes wide.
With the gun in hand, she turned from Clarice, closed her eyes as the grief got to her once more, then pushed out the door.
By the time she reached the blasted-apart remains of the airlock door, the metal had already cooled.
She could now definitely discern the sounds of a ship coming in overhead.
She remained there, frozen in wide-eyed fright, her hearing working as hard as it could as she attempted to discern where the ship would land. Just before she could twitch back and take her chances through the house and out the front door, she convinced herself the ship had landed along the flat path that led up the winding steps to the front door. Hell, she thought she could hear the sound of a massive, shielded vessel crushing her sandhopper.
That made her mind up for her. She barreled out of the door, the wind combining with the downward draft of the vessel overhead and flattening her hair over her shoulders. It whipped around her neck, smarting the skin but doing no more damage than her tortured body had already endured.
She pushed forward, staying close to the side of the house and the sheer rockface it was built into.
Every few seconds, she would pause, angling her head over her shoulder, waiting to hear if anyone was following her.
She reached an exposed section that led after approximately 200 meters to the mouth of the cave. She pressed a breath into her teeth, closed her eyes, and waited. She pushed off when she sensed an opportunity, but something snagged her gut and stopped her. It was the strangest sensation she’d ever experienced. It didn’t come from her body – she swore it didn’t come from her body. It came from… her shoulder? Could she feel a hand – a disembodied grip weighing down on her shoulder, begging her not to move? Or did it come from her stomach? Could she sense arms wrapping around her middle, holding her in place? Could she even hear whispered words by her face – a gentle but quickly mouthed, “No, not yet.”
Her body froze in utter fear at the otherworldly sensation. Then it broke. Where something had held her back seconds before, now it pushed her, its grip firm and final.
She rocketed forward, taking her chance just as she swore she heard the door to the front of the house being blasted in by pulse fire.
As her gaze narrowed in on the protected mouth of the cave, her life flashed faster and faster in front of her eyes until finally, finally she reached it.
She slid down to her knees, rolling past a large boulder that protected the mouth of the cave. Fortunately her pants were sturdy enough that they protected her knees and legs from the brunt of the move. Her adrenaline and fear did the rest. She rocketed up, pushing further into the cave just as she swore she picked up the sound of shouts from her house.
Now she was in the cave, she was hardly safe, and it wouldn’t take those Royal Guards long to figure out where she’d gone, but at least she had the advantage. She’d grown up with these caves. She knew every twist and turn. If you didn’t, you could easily find yourself stepping on an unsteady section of stone and tumbling into the pitiless ravines below.
Sierra ran. And now she’d started, she would never stop. In a few short minutes, her life had broken. It would take the rest of her life to fix it.
Chapter 2
Smith
Smith Falcon leaned against the open hatch of his rusty, old, tin bucket of a transport, crossed his arms, and showed his displeasure with a stiff, white-lipped frown. “What do you mean she pulled out?”
Hep, his handy engineer and field medic, shrugged as he guided a massive 10-cubic-meter storage container in through the open hatch, up the guiding ramps, and into the back of the hanger bay. Though Hep was certainly not small, he wasn’t carrying that several-ton box on his own, even though you would think from the way he grunted it was a Herculean task. It was on hover platforms. What he was doing was guiding it so it didn’t run off the mag tracks on the floor.
“I know you’re the captain, and all, but are you really just gonna stand there and let me do all this work?” Hep tried to inexpertly change the subject.
Smith deliberately waited several seconds before letting out a rattling snort. It was just the kind of derisive laugh he’d had so much practice with ever since taking command of this crappy transport ship. “You call that work? I call this changing the subject. Now, why did dear Miss Felicity Jane Harper,” he said, reverently saying every single name through pressed lips, “decide to pull out at the last moment? And more to the point,” he growled roughly, “why on earth would you let her? She’d already signed a transfer agreement.”
Hep finally did what he should have done before, and stopped grunting like a gorilla, instead offering the transport box nothing more than a guiding touch as he shrugged expressively. “She looked like she needed a hand. You always taught us to be chivalrous,” he tried.
Smith waited the requisite time before letting out a droll laugh – another thing he’d had a lot of practice with since taking command of the Celestial Barge. Yes, that’s right, that was the name of this ship.
It sounded like some kind of crass pleasure cruiser or something out of an old Earth myth. In other words, it was very much not the name you gave a semi-respectable transporter. Then again, while Smith was captain, this vessel wasn’t his. It belonged to its flamboyant owner, and as long as Smith accepted the paltry paycheck to fly it, he had to grit his teeth and bear it. “Miss Felicity was only tugging at your heartstrings, idiot. I saw it in her eyes – she was more than savvy enough to know an easy target when she spotted one.”
Hep stopped, drawing up one of his huge hands and brushing distractedly at the back of his neck. He was part human part… other. That other part was… who could frigging tell? There were groups out there who claimed to be able to track the differences between interbred races, giving you a genealogy chart of exactly who your horny human ancestors had hooked up with when they’d first encountered other races. Such charts were rubbish. When it came to the DNA of hybrids, it was a messy business, and anyone who claimed to be able to tell you exactly where you came from was either racist or just after a quick buck. People still paid for them, of course – there were distinct advantages if you could find that you were genetically related to one of the ruling races.
“She didn’t seem that bad. She seemed as if she was genuinely down on her luck.”
“Bullshit. She found a better deal, pulled out at the last moment, and cried until you canceled our contract.” As Smith spoke expressively, he brought up a hand and kept banging his fist into his palm. It was probably a little too over expressive, and his palm started to smart. But being the captain of this tin bucket always called for being dramatic.
Hep shrugged again. It was his go-to-move whenever Smith had a bone to pick with him. And considering that was pretty much 23 hours of every 24-hour shift, Smith had a lot of practice.
Hep made a face. “Don’t aggravate your tendinitis. You made your point.”
“Have I? Because I have quotas to achieve. Quotas that, should I not achieve them, will get me into a lot of trouble with our boss.”
“We’ll just find somebody else. It won’t be that hard,” Hep said.
There was a specific kind of click as the cargo pod finally stopped at the back of the ramp. The small, blinking diode turned on beneath it, indicating it had made a satisfactory magnetic seal. Which meant, technically, as long as the next mission was simple and they didn’t run into any asteroids, pirates, or other trouble, the cargo would stay in place. If it didn’t? If one of those magnetic locks broke? Smith’s advice would be to get the heck out of the hangar bay before you were squashed with 10 tons of viea fruit. What was viea? He didn’t damn well know. It was just cargo he was shifting from point A to B. But unlike people – it wasn’t as profitable.
A peeved expression crumpled Smith’s lips as he took another step forward, pushing himself away from the hard edge of the doorway. He once more slammed his fist down into his palm. “I’m screwed if we don’t reach our transport quota.”
“I understand.”
“My debt collectors won’t,” Smith said dryly, his lips parting as he bared his clenched white teeth.
“Yes, yes, as you keep telling us, you have enemies.” Hep slid his gaze up and down Smith. “I don’t see why. You’re a very affable man.”
Smith didn’t know whether to laugh at that or swing forward and hit Hep. He settled for growling. “If you think you can scrounge another reputable passenger on this piece-of-crap planet, then you go out there and do it. I’ve had enough of that sand trap.”
“I don’t need to,” Hep said, his gaze ticking toward the door.
This got on Smith’s nerves, and his lips became so tensed, he could practically feel them cracking. “This is an order. And though I find you less irritating than the rest of our crew—”
“Before you continue to degrade this ship and its capable crew further, I suggest you turn around and look at the passenger several meters behind you.”
Smith jolted, turning over his shoulder quickly.
Hep hadn’t made it up. There was a woman standing several meters behind, her shoulders scrunched in, her arms held at her sides, her hands clamped into tight white fists. She had a cloak on. It wasn’t anything special – just one of the numerous body cloaks they sold down in the markets on this hole of a planet. Hell, it was less sophisticated than most garments engineered for unrelenting deserts. It didn’t have any shielding, however rudimentary. It was nothing more than slightly reinforced fabric.
It did one thing, though. It hid her eyes. It was pulled down until it touched her nose, until the only thing he could see was her lips.
At first it looked as if she didn’t have any, then he realized they were drawn all the way in until all he could see were two thin, perfectly white slits.
Though Smith’s first impression was to ask how the hell she’d crept up on him without him hearing, his gaze darted down to her hip. Her cloak might’ve been rudimentary, sure, but it was effectively hiding a gun holstered just over her left hip bone.
His trained senses kicked into gear, his gaze narrowing. Before he could take a step forward and demand to see the weapon, he reminded himself where he was, and critically, what the parameters of this mission were.
Smith Falcon was not a down-on-his-luck transport captain bumming his way through the galaxy to pay insurmountable debts while only making more enemies. He was a Royal Guard of the Zenith Family. He was tracking somebody down. He’d been tracking them down for the past five years. He was deep undercover, and it had taken him two years to secure this job. It was something he would not risk now by accidentally showing his true colors and demanding some stray show him her gun.
He cleared his throat, crossing his arms as if to look unaffected by the woman’s sudden appearance. “What do you want?”
Hep patted his grease-covered hands on his pants, walked over, and handed his still dirty fingers to the woman. “What my captain here is trying to say is welcome. You are seeking transport?” he asked quickly. “You can have it. Where are you headed?”
Smith spluttered. “We haven’t even checked her out yet. You can’t make decisions for me. Acceptance of passengers is always up to the captain.”
Hep continued to grin. Though his features were blocklike, his face looking like something between a mash of a lion’s head and a human’s, his eyes were large, round, and expressive enough that he could lay on the charm easily.
The woman hesitated then pushed out one of her bloodless, white hands, accepting Hep’s offer but letting him do all the shaking.
“Your fingers sure are cold there,” Hep said genuinely. “Unusual for someone on a desert planet.”
The woman twitched.
There was something specific about that twitch. The way her shoulders jerked high toward her ears and the tension of her arms as she forced them down – he’d seen it all too many times.
It was the twitch of somebody who thought they were about to be sprung.
His eyes narrowed again.
Though he could appreciate his mission had nothing to do with this woman and he couldn’t do anything to upset it, his Royal Guard senses blared at him that she was up to no good.
“It’s been a long day,” she tried.
“Well, let us take the stress from your shoulders. Come. Where are you headed?”
The woman opened her lips, the move jerking at first, but then she paused as if she had no idea where she wanted to go.
Another telling sign. Great.
The woman had no luggage – just the cloak and the gun at her hip. The only reason you left a world like this without anything was if it had been stolen from you or if you had to leave in a hurry. And considering the bulk of the weapon behind her, he doubted anyone would have been foolish enough to attempt robbery.
So it had to be the former. This woman, whoever she was, was clearly on the run.
Smith brought a hand up and thumbed his nose. “We’re full,” he said with a dismissive wave as he turned, his boots leaving tracks of sand across the once pristine floor of his hangar bay.
Old habits die hard. Even under his guise as a transport captain, Smith still ran this ship like he’d been taught in the guards. And the one thing he wouldn’t do was let trouble like her onboard.
“Nonsense. We just had someone pull out,” Hep continued, completely ignoring his captain.
“Umm, there’s one problem,” the woman coughed.
Though Smith couldn’t see her eyes while they were covered by her hood, he could tell from the angle of her head that they were directed his way.
Smith got a sinking feeling. “You can’t pay, can you?” Before she could answer, sure that he was right, he turned to Hep and shot him one heck of a pointed look. “We don’t take unpaid passengers. Not my rule – your boss’s.”
For some damn reason Hep must’ve taken a liking to this woman – even though there was nothing to take a liking to – because he got that look on his face.
The guy might’ve been 7’5 with a body that reminded you of a walking brick wall, but he was the greatest softy Smith knew. “We take laborers, though. And you’ve been complaining for weeks that you need another hand on deck.”
Hep shifted his gaze toward the woman, giving what he could see of her a calculating look. “And from the look of this one, I’d say she knows her way around an engineering bay.”
“I used to be a scavenger,” she offered, hope infiltrating her tone. Hope undercut with permanent desperation.
If Hep wasn’t such a softhearted fool, he’d hear her fear, and it would tell him exactly what it was telling Smith. It wouldn’t matter if this woman knew her way around an engineering bay – though, from the look of her, Smith doubted she’d ever been off-world. Not the point. All that mattered was that this woman would bring trouble wherever she went.
He set his lips into a line as cold and hard as stone and shot Hep a look that told him there was no way.
Hep just brought up his hands and shrugged expressively. “Scavengers have skills you can’t sniff at. They’re very good at scrounging solutions out of little to nothing.”
Smith couldn’t part his stiff lips to point out that you couldn’t jury-rig an engineering solution out of nothing. He stared Hep down. Problem was, though, you couldn’t technically stare down a man a foot-and-a-half taller than you.
Hep now shifted his attention fully over to the woman. “What’s your name?”
She went to open her lips, the move automatic, then she paused. The skin around her mouth twitched.
Again, that told Smith everything he needed to know. She’d been about to automatically reply, then, in a split second, she would’ve had to remind herself that she couldn’t share her real name. On the run, remember?
Smith wanted to roll his eyes, but he settled for taking a menacing step toward her. “You’re not welcome. Push off. This isn’t a charity service.”
“Are you sure you have nothing worth trading?” Hep tried.
The woman twitched a hand, first toward her gun, then toward her throat. It brought Smith’s attention to a small circular object hidden under the high collar of her sand tunic.
Her shoulders slumped as she let her hand drop. “I have nothing. But I am a good engineer. You’re right.” She took the smallest hopeful step toward Hep. “I am very good at finding solutions. I can work in cramped spaces, and I won’t complain. I don’t care where you put me. I can sleep in one of the engineering service ducts. All I want is a lift off-world.”
“Small hands,” Hep said, a grin spreading his lips. “Now that’s something we are looking for.” He swiveled his pointed gaze to Smith. “The captain here is always complaining that we can never fix the gravity drives quickly enough. This ship,” he brought up the back of his heel and stamped it back down, a heavy ringing echoing through the ship, “was made by Garapex – a famously small handed race. If you know what you’re doing, you could be an asset.”
Smith clamped his hands behind his back. It was that or pound them into Hep’s face. “How many times do I have to say that she’s not coming?”
“Until you remind yourself that unless you reach capacity, you’ll be in trouble with your boss and your numerous debtors,” Hep said, laying Smith’s life story out at the woman’s feet. Even if it was a lie.
Smith bristled. “She won’t be paying, remember?”
“No, but if she’s good, you’ll be able to reduce the time of the next transport mission, enabling you to get to our destination – and our payload – quicker.”
Smith had to pause to absorb that point. Or at least, his alias did. The real Royal Guard Sebastian Golding didn’t give a hoot about satisfying the terms of his captainship agreement.
He was looking for a target, a man. A Prince, to be precise.
It was a long story – one he wouldn’t go into now. But suffice to say, Prince Alberon needed to be found and brought back to Zenith Prime before the errant Royal could do any more damage.
The woman took another soft step in, the movement careful as if she thought she’d be beaten back at any moment. “Does that mean you’ll accept me?”
She didn’t look up at Smith, even though it was obviously clear that he was the captain and the one really in charge. She looked at Hep.
Hep opened his arms wide in a warm greeting. “Welcome aboard. What’s your name again?”
“Jane,” she said, obviously having had more time to think of an alias now.
Smith forced a laugh. “Awfully common name you’ve got there.” He pulled no punches as he emphasized the word common.
The woman twitched, but she didn’t suddenly turn tail and run, meaning she hadn’t interpreted that comment as confirming that Smith was onto her.
“Well, I’m just a common person,” she tried.
Yeah, he doubted that.
“You know your way around a mass gravity engine?” Hep walked over and motioned her forward.
Smith stood there and bristled, thinking of more insults to hurl Hep’s way. He stopped just short of pointing out the obvious fact that this woman was on the run. She could be unpredictable, and though Smith couldn’t see the gun holstered at her hip, from the shape of the barrel, it looked powerful.
The woman took a step in, the slim line of her lips finally curling, but only a little. They were still as white as ice. As she walked in, she didn’t once glance Smith’s way. Smart move, because he was shooting her the kind of look that said this was a fantasy and there was no way he was going to let her stay on board.
He waited until they reached the back of this large, echoing, rusted old hangar bay, then he whirled on his foot. “Hep,” he growled. He didn’t get the opportunity to spit his warning out. The com unit that was stuck just two centimeters below his left ear – a small circular disc of metal that was no larger than a little fingernail – vibrated. He clicked his teeth together twice. “What is it? I’ve—” he began.
“Peter has quit,” came the rumbling voice of his second-in-command, Terriz.
Smith stood there, paling. “What do you mean Peter has quit?” he spat, the small device by his ear picking up every vibration of his voice box and movement of his jaw and relaying the sounds perfectly through the ship’s intercom.
“He just announced it. He’s already left and cleaned out his room. We’re down a crewmember. We cannot lift off. You know what happened the last time we flew with only two deckhands.”
“Yes,” Smith said, barely capable of shifting his teeth, “I know exactly what happened the last time we were down on crew.” He looked pointedly at Hep. Though Hep looked nice and cuddly on the outside, if you rubbed him up the wrong way – which was precisely what you did when you worked him too hard – he could turn vicious.
A grin spread over Hep’s face. “We’re down one crewmember? Well, good news,” he said as he clapped the woman on the back. “I’ve got one here. How serendipitous.”
Smith would grant the woman one thing. She hadn’t lost her balance as Hep had clapped his massive hand on her shoulder. But this wasn’t serendipitous. Serendipity was defined as finding something you needed but weren’t looking for. He did not need the trouble this woman would bring. But at the same time, he had to take off. He couldn’t afford to waste any more time on this crappy desert world, and despite the fact his captaincy of this vessel was nothing more than a front, it was still a job he had to take seriously.
“Is that Hep? What are you talking about?” Terriz grumbled down the line. “You’ve already found another engineer? Great. As we’ve only got a small window to take off. Something is going down on this planet.”
“What do you mean something’s going down?”
“I don’t know,” Terriz said with his trademark nonchalance. If it weren’t for the fact he had one hell of a cool, calm head in tricky situations, he would have been out on his ear long ago.
As it was, Smith just had to put up with his laissez-faire personality. “Have you investigated?”
“Can’t until things have calmed down. All I can tell you is that the transport schedule is being slashed. We’ve got an existing scheduled window, but if we don’t take it, then we could be on this planet for days, maybe even a week.”
Smith groaned. He hated situations that dictated his actions and not the other way around.
Hep’s gaze was boring into the side of his face. “We can’t afford to miss our transport window,” he said with a grimace.
“What are you doing listening into a private comms message between the captain and his second-in-command?” Smith growled halfheartedly.
“Just ensuring my captain fulfills the terms of his contract. Our employer will not be happy if we miss this transport window. If we are held back for a week, all that fruit will rot,” he pointed out as he gestured toward the massive cargo box he’d just loaded.
“Dammit,” Smith spat, not hiding his bitter emotion from the woman, even though her eyes were all over him.
Her gaze was penetrating, searching. He had no idea what she was running from, but he could see the unmistakable desperation still whitening her lips.
She took a step forward, the first time she’d acknowledged him since she’d come on board. “Like I said, I won’t be any trouble. I’m a quick hand. I don’t need to be paid, even if I’m crew.”
He snorted.
“The captain believes in fair pay for a day’s work. Don’t worry, you will receive a paycheck,” Hep misinterpreted Smith’s move.
Smith didn’t care if this woman was recompensed for her efforts. He was snorting at the fact she’d promised she wouldn’t be trouble.
“Are we going to take off?” Terriz demanded. “Our time is running out. Now, unless you want to run afoul of our owner and your numerous enemies, close the hatch and get to the bridge already.” With that, there was a click as he ended the communication.
Smith balled a hand into a fist. He looked from the open door to the woman, then back to the open door. “Dammit,” he spat. “Fine.”
She shifted her head up, for the first time, the cloak revealing her eyes. They were a large soft brown. They locked on him.
He stared back.
He would live to regret this. Goddammit, she would be nothing but trouble.



Chapter 3
Sierra
She sat down on the edge of her mattress, her limbs shaking.
She’d been set to work as soon as the ship had taken off. Hep, who was turning out to be a cheery, affable man – the precise opposite of his odious captain – had given her a tour of the Celestial Barge.
It was an odd name for a ship, but an ordinary transport vessel nonetheless. It would be around 30-40 standard years old, if she was any judge. And trust her, she was. She might not have ever been off-world except for when she’d crashed on Laroka Two, but by god did she know ships. She’d seen plenty of this exact model of vessel crashed in the Eastern Desert Region. They had a sturdy body – great for transporting. But when it came to maneuverability, if the navigational system wasn’t precisely coordinated with the powerful gravity drives, it would become as unwieldy as a sandhopper with only one thruster.
That wasn’t even to mention the internal layout of the ship’s various systems like life support, shielding, thrusters, and gravity. It was a veritable warren. Small ducts crisscrossed through every deck, intermeshing systems. You sometimes had to crawl for ten minutes to get to the system you were looking for.
Hep had already given her a uniform, even though it was far too large.
She’d also been assigned a room. Unlike the uniform, it was far, far too small.
She didn’t care.
All that mattered was she was finally alone.
She staggered into her room, not saying a thing or making a noise until she heard the door close and the privacy lock engage.
All day, she’d held it in.
Now it spilled out of every muscle, her body hunching over as tears instantly streamed down her cheeks, soaking the stained collar of her drab brown and yellow heat-and-electricity-resistant uniform.
She’d already checked out the sound integrity of this room, and true to his word, Smith had given her the smallest cupboard on the ship. It was internal, and the closest thing it had to a view was a perpetually bent panel to her side that showed a sea of neural wiring in the walls.
Even though she knew her sobs wouldn’t carry, she still clamped a white hand on her lips, her body rocking back and forth with convulsions as the fear and grief caught up with her in one violent wave.
Clarice….
An image of her still, blood-covered form stabbed into Sierra’s mind, more powerful than any pulse gunfire. It felt like it wanted to cut her mind into tiny pieces and throw away her soul.
Her uniform smelled of Caltar engine oil, and there were patches of singed fabric around her sleeves from where the previous owner had obviously gotten too close to some sparking console or an exposed heating unit.
She didn’t care as the acrid scent filled her mind.
As her sobs grew more violent, her legs lost their balance, and she slid off the edge of the bed. She thumped down on the floor plating.
Just before she could lose it completely, she felt something pressing against her collarbone.
It was Clarice’s amulet.
With a shuddering hand, Sierra reached past the stained collar of her uniform and tugged it out.
As soon as her trembling, grease-covered fingers clasped the strange metal, it reacted to her.
It shifted, beginning to vibrate as if she’d just set an atom in motion.
It stilled her breath.
It had always stilled her breath. From the moment she’d seen it around Clarice’s neck in Cluster City, to the few times over the years Clarice had allowed Sierra to hold it.
There was something magnetic about this thing. Something….
She found herself closing her eyes.
Despite the fact her body had been racked with tears before, it stilled as if she’d been a raging fire someone had thrown water over.
Her heart stopped thundering, and her breathing became steady.
All it took was clutching this odd ore in her hand, and her body became as still as an anchor in a violent storm.
Though the memories of watching Clarice die wanted to invade Sierra’s consciousness – her still white lips, her blood-splattered face – something else was far stronger.
She swore she could feel this… presence around her. There was a pressure along her middle and against her back. It almost… almost felt as if someone was embracing her from behind.
While one hand clutched the amulet with all her strength, she brought up the other. As her fingers trembled, she pushed them behind her waist, searching for the source of that pressure.
She jolted.
She… god, she swore she felt something suddenly close around her shaking fingers. Something firm, something warm, and something with the kind of reassuring grip that could stop even the most unsettled hysteria.
Sierra abruptly let go of the amulet, and it thumped back against her chest.
She turned, her body moving so fast that her boots skidded against the warped, rusted floor plates below her.
With wild, tear-streaked eyes, she searched for the source of the pressure on her waist.
Had it been a pocket of gas shifting unseen from some crack in the bulkhead? Or maybe something that had come loose from the storage cupboard under the sleeping rack?
… Nothing.
There was nothing there but the hard outer casing of her bed unit.
Sierra shook her head, her ponytail scrunching around her pale cheeks.
She stared at the bed for several more wary seconds, then she tilted her head down and gazed at the amulet.
… She couldn’t forget Clarice’s final words. Sierra had to keep this amulet on her at all times, but she couldn’t ever let anyone know she had it.
But more than that? She couldn’t let a soul know that she could interact with it.
… But what had Clarice meant by interact?
Back at home, the few times Sierra had been allowed to pick up this amulet, it had always spun when she’d touched it. That, though a little remarkable, was hardly an impossible sight. There existed plenty of technologies in the galaxy that would allow a seemingly plain chunk of metal to respond to your touch.
But what had that phantom touch been?
“Goddammit,” she spat as she repositioned herself against the wall behind her. Fortunately her room was so small that she could be anywhere and still be within an arm’s width of a wall.
Crouching, forcing a deep breath into her lungs, she slid backward until her shoulders were braced by the strong metal.
She closed her eyes.
She brought her hand up, hesitated, then scooped up her amulet.
As soon as her fingers closed around it, two things happened – the metal began to spin, the small orb shifting around independently of the clasp that held it from the top.
Then she felt it. That same reassuring presence. All around her. Wrapping around her waist, as strong and steady as a mooring rope in a storm. It was the kind of grip that told you the very earth could crumble from beneath your feet, but it would stay with you. You could fall through Hell; it would be there. The galaxy could crumble; it would stay.
Sierra took a shuddering breath that blasted out through the room.
She wasn’t making this up. She….
There was a beep from the door.
She snapped her eyes open and pushed up so quickly, her knee banged into the bed. Pain stabbed through her leg and down into her shin.
She ignored it as her wide, fearful eyes locked on the door. “Who is it?” Her voice trembled with outright fear.
There was no reply, just another insistent beep as someone buzzed to be let in.
There was a crackle as an intercom came to life. “That sleeping cupboard of yours is pretty simple. It doesn’t have a computer to pick up your speech and relay it to me. So if you want to talk, you have to shift your ass over to the intercom button and press it. Which you will do now. Because if you want to talk or not, your Captain has something to say to you.”
It was Smith.
Her original impression of him had been correct.
He was an ass.
She’d met so many men like him over the years. They flocked to positions of power so they could wield it over others. They barked and snapped and bit, all to keep you in your place so they could fool themselves into thinking they were important in a galaxy that could swallow them up in a heartbeat.
She pressed her lips into a thin, aggravated smile.
She pushed forward. She almost reached the intercom button, her finger stretching toward it.
Then she remembered her amulet. It swung in front of her, catching her eye, the dim lighting in this cupboard glinting over the unique white-silver metal.
With a blast of Clarice’s desperate warning echoing in her mind, Sierra snatched up the necklace and shoved it down her front. She patted her palm down the fabric, bunching it up so none but the most careful eye would be able to see it peeking through the bulk of her top.
With one more sniff, she jammed her finger into the cracked plastic button. “What is it?”
There was a pause. “Is that how you respond to your Captain’s request? I don’t know where you come from, but on this ship, you will use your manners.”
She couldn’t help but snort.
“And what was that?” he growled. “Do you find something funny?”
“You know exactly where I come from.” The words were out before she could temper them. She had to be so careful not to allow herself to be drawn into a conversation with this man. While the rest of the crew seemed nice enough, men like Smith always had bones to pick.
There was a protracted pause.
It made her uncomfortable. Though she couldn’t see Smith’s body to read his posture and expression, there was an edge to the silence that told her he was hesitating for a reason.
Her stomach clenched. “What do you want?” she demanded again, making no effort whatsoever to modulate her tone. It was the voice you would use on some merchant scum who was following you through the markets and just wouldn’t leave you alone – definitely not the tone you’d use on your superior and a man with the kind of temper that could see you thrown out an airlock in the blink of an eye.
“Open the door,” he demanded.
“I’m—” she began.
There was a beep – one that signaled the manual override code had been entered from outside.
With a groan and a shudder that suggested the door had never been maintained, it slid into the wall.
She receded, her body jolting with the expectation she’d be attacked.
Though she caught a flash of a truly pissed-off expression crumpling Smith’s otherwise handsome, strong features, at her reaction, confusion crumpled his brow.
He didn’t push in – not that there was much room for him in this nook of a room. He crossed his arms and looked at her. “Next time when your Captain comes knocking, you will answer more promptly, and you will check your attitude at the door.”
She offered a pressed-lipped nod.
Smith, his strong biceps still closed around his equally well-defined chest, kept looking at her. Though technically his gaze centered on her eyes, she got the impression he was the kind of man who could assess something – or someone – with nothing more than a momentary glance.
“Is there something you want… Captain?”
He let out a snort of a laugh, one that was truncated and made all the sharper by his tight grip around his chest. “Sure. I want to know why you’re on this ship,” he snapped.
Sierra tried to stop herself, but there was no way she could. Her cheeks paled, and her eyebrows flattened. Her heart fluttered, and even though she wanted to keep her hands open and still by her sides, they twitched, and she had to pull them behind her back. “I’m here because I need a lift.”
“Right,” he said plainly, his gaze still centered on her eyes. He had the kind of penetrating attention that could slice through your damn skull.
She only just stopped herself from swallowing hard. She kept her gaze firmly directed at the floor.
“You don’t have to tell me your backstory – trust me when I say, I don’t want to know. But there is one thing I want to make clear.”
At the mention of her backstory, it was almost impossible to contain the terror that pulsed through her. It seized each limb, holding her to the spot with all the force of a cruiser landing on her shoulders.
She knew her eyes were wide and wild as she stared at him.
He simply jutted his sharp jaw out, his penetrating blue eyes never blinking. “Don’t bring your trouble onto this ship.”
“… What?”
“Do you think I’m an idiot?”
“I—”
“Before you can dream up a snide reply, the answer is an emphatic no, I am not an idiot. I’ve been working these transport routes more than long enough to appreciate trouble when it walks in my door. Now, whatever the hell you’re running from, don’t bring it onto this ship. You got that?”
Sierra had no idea how to respond. A part of her wanted to push past him and run. The rest of her forced her feet to stay planted as she forced her suddenly weak neck to nod.
Smith snorted at this. “I want more than a nod. I want your word that whatever the hell is tracking you down, you come to me if it finds you. You got that?”
She had no idea how to respond.
Her lips parted slowly, the muscles feeling like someone had stolen all strength from them.
“Hey, answer me,” he snapped harshly. “If your trouble happens to find you, you let me know, you got that?”
“I… I have that.”
“Right.” Smith leaned back, finally unclamping his arms from around his middle as he brought up a hand and scratched distractedly at the back of his head. Then he brushed some non-existent dust off his cuff. “Now that’s sorted, get back to work.”
“But I’m off duty.”
Smith looked past her at the room. “Fix this room. There’s an exposed panel above your bed, for god’s sake. You want to be electrocuted while you’re asleep?”
She shook her head.
“When you’re done with that, I want you to see to the gas channels under the floor.” He brought up a foot and stamped it down, the panel beneath him shaking badly. There was an unmistakable hiss as something shifted under the buckled metal.
“I… okay.”
“Right. Get to work.”
Was she meant to snap a salute? This guy wasn’t in the army, but she got the strangest urge, and she couldn’t stop herself. Her hand wobbled up to her head, and she gave the world’s weakest salute.
Smith twitched. It was the slightest move, visible only at the corners of his lips as a moment’s tension ran through his face, down into his large neck, and across his even larger shoulders.
Feeling foolish, she let the hand drop.
“We don’t salute here – we’re civilians.”
“Oh, sorry, you just seem…” she began.
Smith had been halfway through turning around, but he stopped. She saw it again – the slightest tension climbing his cheeks, sinking into the small muscles around his mouth, and whitening his lips. “I just seem what?”
“Never mind.” She wiped at her mouth with the back of her hand, as if trying to wash away that stupid part of her that kept engaging this man in needless conversation. If she’d just shut her mouth, he would have left by now.
He shot her one more calculating look, then pivoted on his boot, shoved his hands into his flight jacket, and walked away without another word.
It wasn’t until he was all the way down the compact corridor, every heavy stride echoing out on the rattling floor plating, that he turned and considered her over his shoulder. With pressed lips, a crumpled brow, but an open, powerful gaze, he shook his head once. “Get to work. Once you’re done, go get that checked out in the med bay.”
She frowned, breaking her new rule as she allowed her lips to open, “Get what checked out?”
He laughed. It was halfway between an angry grunt and a confused chuckle. “I know you’re trouble, but I didn’t think you were stupid.” He reached up a hand and pointed at her brow.
She ran her fingers over her temple. It was then that she realized there was a deep gash in it.
She must have picked it up during her tussle with the Royal Guard, no doubt when she’d thrown herself down that incline to avoid the explosion.
Her finger disturbed dried blood, her jagged nails snagging the tender flesh beneath, a few fresh red speckles covering her fingertips.
Smith kept looking at her over his shoulder. He shot her the kind of look that said she was an idiot for not realizing she was so badly injured. Then, finally, the man turned and walked off without another word.
She watched him until he was out of sight down one of the service ladders that led to the rest of this deck. The entire time, she stood there in her doorway, her body preventing the door from automatically closing. She kept her fingers up as she ran them down the slash along her temple.
… She wanted to believe that she understood men like Smith perfectly. But maybe she didn’t. The truly arrogant, sickening bastards she was so used to on her world would never point out you had an injury; they’d just use it against you.
Sierra took several more seconds to stare out at the now lonely corridor before finally turning on her boot and walking back into her room.
Chapter 4
Smith
He was hunched over the desk in his room. He technically had the nicest quarters on the ship. Though you had to take the word technically as a serious modifier to that statement. The entire ship was nothing more than a metal carcass held together by spit, tape, and Smith’s tears. Sure, technically this room had a window above the bunk that was generously termed his bed. Yeah, he could see the stars flitting past when they traveled at beyond-light speed. He could also glimpse other ships when they came into space dock. Occasionally, if they pulled out of a jump in a pretty enough section of space, you could even stare over at a glittering constellation or two. Not the point. The window rattled, and with the amount of money his boss didn’t spend on repairs, Smith wouldn’t be too surprised if one day it simply buckled and sucked him out into the cold, remorseless depths of the vacuum.
Which wouldn’t be fair. He had a job to do. And if there was one rule he lived by, it was that you never relented on a mission.
It wasn’t just the motto of the Royal Guards – it was the last thing his father had ever taught him before he died.
His dad, like all the other men and women of his family, had been a Royal Guard too. With a tradition that spread back 200 years, Smith had always lived his life by the way of the Guards.
Which is why he thought of himself as Smith, even in the privacy of his own mind. His real name was Sebastian, though it was one he’d virtually deleted from his consciousness now. He’d done such a thorough job, even if somebody called to him from behind, he wouldn’t respond. He’d had sufficient facial prosthesis surgically implanted that even if he were to encounter someone he knew, they wouldn’t recognize him, anyway.
The Royal family had spent a lot of money on this mission. They’d been trying to recapture Prince Alberon for years.
Thus far, the Prince had managed to evade capture. He had a lot of resources and many years’ head start.
As Smith sat there, he scratched his notes on a pad of paper. That’s correct, a pad of actual paper. He had a real pen, too. You see, when it came to hiding your tracks, there was nothing that quite afforded you the secrecy of this ancient method of human communication. If he instead recorded his notes on a computer, it could be hacked. If he were foolish enough to speak them out loud, they could be picked up by an undetected listening device. If he scratched them on paper – and critically, in the long-dead language of English – he could be relatively assured no one would discover who he really was. Not, of course, that any member of his crew would even begin to suspect his true identity.
As soon as he thought that, he paused.
An image of that woman, Jane, came to mind. Though, come on, of course her name wasn’t Jane.
When he’d gone to warn her to keep her trouble to herself, she’d saluted him. It had been sloppy as hell, but dammit, he’d still reacted to it. For a split second, he’d almost returned the salute.
Even as he thought about it now, his hand stiffened, his knuckles hardening as he gripped his pen too tightly.
You might question his guise as a transport captain. How could schlepping fruit and dodgy passengers across the backwaters of the galaxy possibly help him to find the Prince?
One word – information.
Working ships like this put your ear to the ground, as it were. From his contact with his crew, to the merchants hiring him to transport their cargo, to the passengers – he learned things it would take a Royal Guard who wasn’t undercover years to learn. Already he’d been able to hand valuable information to his superiors. Critically, he was also narrowing in on the Prince’s location.
As Smith hunched further over the paper, using his bulk to hide it, even though he knew full well no one was behind him, he wrote his musings in English. If the fact he was scrawling them down on paper and not entering them into a computer wasn’t secure enough, English was a dead language. Humans had already superseded it by the time they’d met other aliens. Though there were entries on English in certain highly sophisticated if not obscure data banks, no one around these parts would have them.
Though Smith couldn’t be sure, he’d received some viable information back on that crappy desert world, Laroka Two, to suggest the Prince was in this region of space – or at least, this arm of the galaxy.
Smith had overheard a conversation in a bar in Bentai City – two down-on-their-luck mercenaries chatting about a Royal cruiser that had slammed into the planet only last year. Apparently it had taken the Royal family some number of weeks before they’d been able to send a cruiser to pick it up and prosecute any fool dumb enough to have scavenged from the ship.
That wasn’t the remarkable fact Smith had learned. No, as he clutched his pen so tightly, he was worried he would crack the vintage plastic, he wrote two words. Mr. Gray.
He couldn’t hide the shot of exhilaration that traced down his spine as he scrawled those words. Smith had always had good instincts. All Royal Guards needed them. To protect the Royal family, you were expected to overcome all threats, no matter how well hidden. So Smith had spent years honing his senses, and now his skin crawled with a very specific energy that told him he was onto something.
He underlined the name before sitting back and rolling the pen through his fingers.
According to those down-on-their-luck mercenaries he’d seen in that bar, when the second Royal cruiser had come in to pick up the crashed ship, the guards on board hadn’t been able to completely retrieve all Royal family technology. Caches had been hidden in the massive caves that dotted Laroka Two. The tech had been kept there until the cruiser had left and the heat had died down. When the coast was clear, the tech had been transported off-world to the elusive Mr. Gray.
While on the face of it, that might not seem like a particularly remarkable fact, to a Royal Guard, it was as unsettling as having ice poured down your back. All Royal family technology was coded, every single micro millimeter embedded with unique chemical signatures that could be scanned for from sectors away. There was no foreseeable way to hide it. And yet, this Mr. Gray, whoever he was, had possessed the kind of technology to keep the tech hidden. Shielding wouldn’t do it. Sheer volume of rock certainly wouldn’t do it, either. No, to successfully hide Royal family technology, one would have to know the specific chemical marker formula and adjust for it. Even as a Royal Guard, Smith had no idea what those markers were. Only members of the Royal family knew.
Which meant Smith was close.
There was other information to suggest that this Mr. Gray – a name he’d heard before on numerous other worlds – had unique knowledge of the Zenith Royal family.
“You’re close. It’s taken five years, but finally, you’re close,” Smith said as he dropped his pen, allowing his fingers to scratch over his metal table until they curled into a fist.
Men like Smith existed for one reason. All Royal Guards did. You fulfilled your mission, then you went on to the next one. Serving the Royal family was a privilege, an honor that all strove for but few were brave and competent enough to manage.
Even thinking of that honor, his back lengthened, and he knew his usually sour expression changed completely.
Smith Falcon was an act – a perfectly calibrated caricature of an arrogant transport captain with twisted morals. He was the polar opposite of Sebastian’s true nature, but a convenient lie for now.
Rising from his desk, Smith clamped a hand on his mouth, let it trail down his lips, then turned from his notes. Clasping his hands behind his back, he considered the view out of his window. According to the little information he’d been able to receive on Laroka Two, their next destination, Galtax Prime, could very well be one of Mr. Gray’s principal ports of call.
If his information was right, and Mr. Gray was there?
Sebastian would act. He would drop his guise as a transport captain, and he would stop at nothing – nothing – to bring the Prince in.
Chapter 5
Sierra
There was one thing she could be thankful for. At least life on a transport like this was distracting. Because life on a transport like this was busy. There was only Hep and two other so-called deckhands to keep this questionably old vessel running. Though Sierra could hardly speak as she was a scavenger herself, she could appreciate this ship had some of the worst maintenance she’d seen in a while. It was clear that the owner only paid whatever they had to to ensure the ship got from A to B. Comfort – and survivability should they have a critical cascade failure with life support – were acceptable sacrifices.
“You be careful up there, you hear?” Hep called from the lower deck.
Though most of this ship was a veritable warren, and no one key system was kept in the same place, at least the engineering bay had access points for most of the key service ducts.
She was currently halfway up a 20-meter ladder, a toolbox balanced under one arm as she leaned over to a precariously placed input panel.
Rather than reply to Hep, she fixed her tongue against the top of her mouth, concentrated, and leaned out with a grunt. She finally reached the input panel, her thumb pressing into a cracked button. She hit it with enough pressure, despite her precarious angle, that it engaged.
The service door just to the left of her ladder opened, and she had to quickly turn her face to the side not to catch a mouthful of atmospheric gases.
“You really are an asset to this ship.”
She chuckled. “You’ve been saying that for three weeks, Hep” she pointed out as, still balancing the toolbox precariously, she swung her leg around, repositioned her weight, and threw herself into the service duct. Unsurprisingly, this was not the preferred method to access propulsion control. The duct you should access it from, however, was currently flooded with prendax gas – a particularly toxic, unpleasant accelerant that was wholly incompatible with life.
“I find important things in life bear repeating, so I shall say it once more. I did the right thing when I allowed you on board.”
She didn’t reply to that. Hep, despite how sweet he was, hadn’t technically allowed her on board. Smith had. She didn’t understand why, because she didn’t understand Smith full stop. The man was a complete enigma.
She’d seen him a handful of times over the last three weeks. Either he was too busy to come torture her, or he was ensconced in the business of running the ship – not that she could tell what a captain would do between transports. Hep and Terriz seemed to cover the actual day-to-day running of the ship and the well-being of the other passengers. Smith appeared to stay in his room most days. She didn’t even see him down in the mess hall where the other crew ate.
“I will guide you from down here,” Hep announced.
She brought up a hand and tried to tap her comm unit. “Wouldn’t it be simpler to just use the ship’s comms?”
Hep chuckled. She knew that chuckle. It was the laugh he always gave before he pointed out some critical system was on the blink. Again. “It is momentarily unavailable. I will simply use my voice instead.”
She was far enough into the duct that she could roll her eyes in peace. While Hep was 7’5 and had a barrel chest to match, she didn’t have the vocal projection he did. Nonetheless she cleared her throat. “Where’s the console?”
Approximately 50 meters further down.
She turned, down on her hands and knees, her palms pushing so hard into the metal grating beneath her, it left imprints in her fingers. She didn’t bother to point out to Hep that it would be awfully hard to communicate with her when she was 50 meters down the service duct. He was smart enough to figure out a way around it. Or, knowing him, he had a powerful enough screaming voice that he’d use that instead.
After several minutes of crawling, she reached the right console. More than a few times, she had to pause, using the rudimentary scanner holstered at her hip to check the tunnel. It was awfully close to one of the gravity coils, and she’d been in enough ships like this to appreciate that there could be momentary fluctuations in the engine’s shields – ones that would let intense waves of heat pulse out in every direction, frying anyone stupid enough to be in an adjoining tunnel.
She would only move on when she was sure the shielding was at 100 percent.
She stopped in front of the right console. It was sparking, a ring of black singe marks surrounding it. The metal joints that connected it to the duct wall plating were completely melted.
“Great. The damage is way worse than expected,” she muttered to herself as she leaned down, unclipped the toolbox, and rummaged around for a universal magnetic clamp.
Either Hep hadn’t found a satisfactory way to communicate with her, or he no longer had anything worthy to scream down the tunnel. Or, hey, more realistically, something else had broken of more importance, and he’d been called away.
At least this ship was giving her one thing. Not just a ticket off Laroka Two – but a distraction.
As soon as she thought of that word, she almost pressed her eyes closed.
Though her grief at losing Clarice was still buried in her heart and would free itself every night as soon as she lay back down on her bed, it was starting to dull. It no longer had the immediacy of three weeks ago. Something else, however, would not dull.
As she shifted forward, she felt her amulet brushing against her skin underneath her uniform. Every night, every damn night, she pulled it out to check on it. And every single time she clasped it in her hands, it always reacted to her, the metal spinning. But that was it. Sometimes, when her grief became too much for her or her thoughts otherwise descended into a pit of despair, she would feel it again – that ghostly touch. She couldn’t control it. Though she tried every night to interact with her amulet and generate it, it only ever came when it wanted to.
Ha.
It. The way she was thinking of it was almost like it was real, real enough to be more than a figment of her imagination. Almost… almost real enough to feel like a person.
She shook her head as she grabbed the universal mag clamp, brought it up, fixed it over the broken panel, locked it in place, then pulled the panel off with a click.
She’d been over this in her head so many times. That ghostly touch was nothing more than an artifact of this strange metal. It wasn’t real. It was a figment of her imagination, probably due to some momentary transcranial stimulation released when the amulet began to spin or something. She’d been through every theory she could think of.
None of that was the point. The point was she kept trying. Every damn night, every moment she was alone. She’d pull out her amulet, she’d concentrate, and she’d try to feel those arms around her. Because when she felt those arms around her, they’d block out all the pain. She would no longer feel alone in a galaxy that, if it knew she existed, would hunt her relentlessly.
She almost got the desire to pause her task, shove a hand down her top, and pull the pendant out now. She wouldn’t be interrupted, after all. Hep was way too large to come down this service tunnel, and though some of the other deckhands might fit, they were off dealing with the shielding problem in the main cargo bay.
“Concentrate,” she snapped at herself through bared teeth. She pushed the reassuring pressure of the amulet out of her mind, and she reached down to the toolbox, using nothing but her sense of touch to locate a laser cutting tool.
She brought it up, intending to slice through a broken, melted section of wiring.
There was no power to this section. Hep had turned it off before he’d sent her in here. It was critical that there would be no power running to this completely melted console. Take a laser cutter to live wires, and the sheer feedback will pop you like a blood-filled balloon.
She’d gotten Hep’s confirmation that power had been shut down, which was good enough for her. He was a competent engineer, and despite his sometimes slack nature, he wouldn’t allow one of his precious crew to die in a completely avoidable accident. But here’s the thing. If someone did turn the power back on, she’d never know. It would take a nanosecond for it to reach this console. She wouldn’t hear it. She wouldn’t feel it. And by the time the computer warned her, it would be way, way too late.
She brushed her thumb down the side of the drill, engaging the laser. It blasted out in an unshielded line of power. She shoved it into the console, anchoring her hand on the singed wall beside it so she could really get the right angle to chop out the fried section of wires.
It was just when she was almost done that she felt it. In a snap, from nowhere. Something closed around her middle. Something with an unearthly, otherworldly grip. So fast, so close, so warm, so unmistakable. As soon as she felt it, it pulled her backward with unstoppable force. The next thing she knew, she was pitched to the side, the laser drill falling from her grasp, the laser still angled up and directed at the open console.

That grip around her middle wouldn’t shift. It couldn’t possibly be a figment of her imagination, because it was strong enough to drag her a meter back, her clothes rumpling and tearing against some exposed section of floor plating. It was just in time. The power was turned back on. She saw it, the lights further down turning on in the blink of an eye.
She felt something push in front of her, pressing close to her face, hard enough that her eyes were ground shut.
There was an explosion. It ripped through the duct.
It blasted a massive chunk out of the console, a meter by a meter, sparks and fire flying out everywhere. If she’d been caught in it, she wouldn’t have just died – she would have been blasted into unrecognizable chunks.
As soon as the fire suppression systems kicked in, that grip loosened. She swore she could feel something lifting off her.
Then she faced the flames. She instantly brought up an arm, hiding behind it, using the heat resistant fabric of her uniform to ensure her face wasn’t singed.
An acrid, thick smoke started to spill out of the console, and she had to press her sleeve further against her mouth as she wheezed and spluttered.
She finally came to her senses, turned, and started to crawl down the duct as fast as she could.
She reached a different section, shifted to the side, brought up her leg, and kicked a maintenance panel at knee height. All of these ducts were built in different parts that would, theoretically, allow incidents like this to be contained. As soon as she activated the fire panel, a small shield flickered into place. It was hardly a structural shield, but at least it would prevent that acrid smoke from burning her lungs. As soon as the shield was in place, she flopped back down, her strength robbed from her in an instant as reality caught up to her. She… she’d almost died.
It was then that she heard someone roaring back into the engine bay. It took her addled, buzzing mind a moment to realize it was Hep’s ferocious voice as he screamed at somebody.
She couldn’t make out his words, but from his tone, it sounded like he was about to kill someone.
She lay there, body trembling as she tried to process what the hell had just happened.
She yanked up an arm, opened her fingers, and stared at them. When she appreciated the skin wasn’t blistered or even read, she let out a stuttering, choked gasp. Sure, she’d never been an engineer on a ship like this, but she understood explosions. That heat should have taken the skin off her arm.
Yet she was unharmed.
Shaking, mind reeling, thoughts grinding into nothing more than useless pulses of fear, she reached her hands around and started to palpate her sides, her stomach, her arms. She wasn’t looking for injuries anymore. No, she was looking for remnants of that ghostly touch. Her breath was trapped in her chest, her torso stretched at an uncomfortable angle as she kept searching for evidence of whatever the hell had happened to her.
There was nothing.
She couldn’t feel an invisible hand clutching her side. She….
She heard a commotion from behind her. Someone was climbing the maintenance ladder, their boots pounding and thundering up the rickety metal.
After she’d crawled to safety, she’d come within 20 meters of the mouth of the tunnel.
Now she turned, twisting her pale cheeks toward the open mouth of the maintenance shaft. She expected to see one of the other deckhands. She was wrong. It was Smith.
At first, his face was crumpled with fear, but as soon as he saw her flopped there on her back, her head angled toward him, she watched his large shoulders drop.
“She’s alive,” he called down the ladder before he deftly jumped into the duct. It was a hard move for him – the duct door was only a meter high, and he had to time his jump into it to ensure he didn’t let go of the ladder too late.
He showed he had admirable control of his body as he managed it. The duct shook as he landed, crouched down to his knees, and crawled quickly. He didn’t say a word to her until he reached her. She tried to push up, turn, and look at him, but he wouldn’t let her. He reached out a hand, locking it on her shoulder as he looked past her, his calculating gaze focusing on the small atmospheric shield she’d managed to initiate. It was still flickering, holding back the black, twisting smoke that swirled through the rest of the duct.
It was clear he was assessing the damage, but what wasn’t so clear, to her at least, was why he still had a hand on her shoulder. The more she paid attention to it, the more it dragged her back into the reality of what had just happened. What had just happened? An invisible force had closed around her middle and dragged her away from the console, half a second before it had exploded. That fact caught up to her, and she tried to jolt back. She let out a delayed half scream.
Instantly Smith locked his full attention on her, and for the very first time since she arrived on his ship, she saw an expression other than anger. His lips crumpled down and his eyes widened in unmistakable care. “You’re okay,” he said. It wasn’t a question – it was an expert statement as his gaze quickly assessed her body and uniform. “Don’t ask me how, but you’re okay.”
She swallowed. She could barely manage the move. It felt as if someone had kicked her in the throat.
What had just happened?
What had—
“The shock will wear off soon. It comes to all of us when we survive something like this,” he said, his words quick but clear.
He momentarily sounded like a completely different man. For one, he sounded like a man with the emotional capacity to care about someone else. For another, the quick, competent, efficient way he was speaking reminded her more of the clipped tones of someone who’d spent their life protecting others, and not some Scrooge of a transport captain.
She tried to open her lips to tell him she was okay, but she simply couldn’t manage it. She’d just been saved, goddamnit… she had just been saved by some completely invisible force. Sierra didn’t believe in ghosts, and God knows she didn’t believe in angels. But—
She didn’t have the chance to fixate on that thought. With one more assessing glance at the damage, Smith leaned down, hooked an arm around her middle, and started to drag her back. As soon as his arm collapsed around her, she leaned against it. It was instinctual, quick, something she couldn’t stop. Something she needed. His grip – his strong, warm bicep as it pressed around her hip and anchored against the small of her back – dragged her right back into the warmth and reassurance she’d felt only minutes ago.
Smith angled his head toward her, a frown on his lips. Rather than push her away, he only tightened his grip around her, dragging her back toward the mouth of the duct.
“Get me the platform up here,” he called down from the open hatch, his words quick, his voice brutal. She’d seen him angry – until now, she’d assumed angry was the only emotional reaction Smith could have. But this was on another level. His words sliced out of white, bloodless lips.
It took her a moment to realize why he would need a platform. He kept one arm around her as he anchored his other hand against the side of the hatch wall. He leaned his head down, and judging by the angle of it, he was attempting to assess whether something would fit.
She hadn’t said a word until now. She’d just pushed into his arm as if his mere touch was her salvation. But finally reality caught up with her. Smith wanted a hover platform, because he would assume she was too overcome to be able to climb down the ladder.
Though it felt like denying herself the very means by which she could continue to live, she pulled back from him. She managed a deep breath. “It’s okay, I can climb down the ladder.”
“Like hell you can.”
“No really, I can.” She pulled away from him fully now, and even though his bicep tightened as if he wouldn’t let her go, she just pushed harder until his grip finally released.
With one hand still anchored on the hatch opening, he turned to consider her. His lips were nothing more than a line of grimacing anger.
Except this time, she could tell it wasn’t directed at her. She brought up a sweaty hand and pushed it through her hair. Her fingers shook so badly, she watched as he darted his gaze toward them. There was a look in his eyes as if he wanted to reach forward, clasp her arm, and hold her still.
He contained himself. His anger, on the other hand, only grew hotter. “Somebody turned the power on in this section. That somebody is gonna spend the night in the damn brig.”
She took a shuddering breath. “What happened? Surely it was just an accident.”
“Accidents are unforeseeable mistakes. Farno Bridges just didn’t check the maintenance log before he recklessly redirected power through this ducting unit.”
Bridges was one of the other deckhands. Even though she’d only known him for three weeks, she could tell like her, he was only in this job to get from A to B. But unlike her, he didn’t have the same respect around engineering that he should. This wasn’t the first mistake he’d made recently.
Still, she felt the need to defend him.
She opened her mouth.
Smith got there first. He shook his head, the movement as violent as someone cracking a whip. “Don’t you dare defend the man. He almost got you killed. Speaking of which,” Smith’s gaze darted up, shifting past her and back into the rest of the tunnel, “how did you survive?”
She paled. She knew she went from only just getting the color back to her cheeks to looking as if someone had sliced her throat.
… How had she survived?
Smith had momentarily distracted her. Now the impossible memory of what had happened to her slammed into her mind. She shook back, her shoulders jolting hard into the wall behind her, the metal letting out a loud clang.
Smith moved forward, and the next thing she knew, he wrapped an anchoring hand on her shoulder. He looked down into her eyes.
This was the first time she’d been this close to him, the first time she’d had this vantage as she stared up into his face.
He had blue eyes, and though most of the time they were piercing, now they were mellow like a calm ocean. And just like a calm ocean, they reached in and stilled her emotions. “It’s okay,” he said with the kind of tender tone she would’ve once thought the brute would never be able to use. “You’ll shake it off soon. Just lie there and breathe. The hover platform is already on its way. As he said that, he anchored a hand around the open hatch, leaned out into the engineering bay, and angled his head down.
She could hear a heavy hum echoing through the air that indeed indicated somebody was sending a hover platform their way.
This was probably where she should insist that she could climb down the ladder again. There was no point. While technically she could muster the strength to control her body right now, there was no way she could control her mind.
What. Had. Just. Happened. To. Her? Her thoughts came in a staccato mess, one after the other with a significant pause in between. It was as if her brain was a computer and it was in the process of shutting down after receiving too much data to analyze.
She tuned out the situation, forgetting where she was and who was beside her. As the hover platform finally rose into view, a heavy vibration splitting the air, she desperately tried to think of a rational explanation.
Though it could be tempting to say that she’d made the entire thing up, she could still feel the residual touch around her middle. She brought up a hand and trailed it along her hip several times. Smith noticed, his gaze darting toward her as he leaned out of the hatch, anchored a hand on the edge of the hover platform, and docked it beside him. “We’ll get you checked out. The med bay is already on standby.”
She didn’t respond. She simply kept searching for that touch. Despite the fact she was completely out of it, a part of her was still aware of Smith, and it told her he had a streak of efficient competency she wouldn’t have predicted. As he loaded her onto the hover platform, he did so with a careful, practiced touch that suggested this wasn’t the first time he’d saved somebody. In fact, his entire character was at odds with the blustering bull of a man she’d come to loathe over the last three weeks.
When she was on the platform, Smith took one last look over his shoulder, lamented the damage to his ship with a bitter swearword, then showed his strength and balance as he took a step out onto the hover platform despite the fact they’d already undocked. There was a railing at the front of the platform, and he hooked one hand on it as he turned his head over to keep a watchful eye on her.
The platform slowly descended until it reached the floor of the engineering bay.
Hep was already waiting there, one of his massive hands on the collar of Farno’s shirt.
Farno was staring in pale-faced fear at Smith.
Smith jumped lightly off the platform, a heavy ringing echoing out as his boots thumped against the floor plating. “You’re lucky she’s alive,” he growled at Farno.
“It was an honest mistake, an honest mistake,” Farno tried.
“Put him in the brig,” Smith growled.
“Yes, Captain,” Hep managed. For the first time, the chief engineer actually appeared to show his captain some respect. And hey, for the first time, Smith deserved it.
It wasn’t just the fact that Sierra was distracted by whatever the hell had happened to her. Smith was holding himself differently, speaking differently, acting differently. It was as if someone had reached in and flicked a switch in the man’s mind.
She became preoccupied with his sudden change of character as she remained there, seated messily on the base of the platform, looking up at the side of his face.
Once he finished barking out orders, he turned to her.
… They had a strange, silent moment as they considered each other.
He was the first to move. “You think you can walk? The corridors of the ship are far too narrow for a hover platform, and though we technically have cargo transporters, the last time we tried to use those on someone…” he didn’t finish his sentence, thankfully, and trailed off as he shook his head.
Sierra took a breath, pushing it into her lungs as she pushed to her feet. She rose. She didn’t wobble. Not once. Now she was out of that service duct and under natural light, if you could call the vibrant, almost brutal lighting of the engineering bay natural, that was, the immediacy of her situation was starting to ebb.
The questions, of course, weren’t. But the adrenaline that had seized her limbs was finally starting to shift. She nodded once.
“Come on. I’ll see to your injuries myself,” Smith said as he turned. His move was quick, and she knew from experience that Smith never waited around for anyone. He was the kind of man that would bark an order then be out of the door before you heard it. This time, however, he waited for her, pausing at the open doorway of the engineering bay until she caught up.
“I thought Hep was the field medic?”
“I’m a man of many skills,” he said distractedly as he pushed ahead.
“If you put Farno in the brig, we’ll be down one deckhand.” Though Sierra usually had a rule about never drawing Smith into a conversation, she couldn’t help herself right now. The longer she talked to him, the more the fear of the situation was held back. For now, at least.
“I’ll figure it out. I’ll pick up Farno’s duties myself, if I have to.”
“You’re an engineer, too?”
“I’m a man of many skills,” he defaulted to saying once more.
While it was usual for people in Smith’s situation to have a range of skills, there was something about the way he said it. Hell, there was something about Smith full stop at the moment. Something different about the way he held his head, his gaze directed to the ground, his lips permanently pulled into a white, bloodless line.
How could one person have such a varying range of emotional reactions?
It wasn’t until they reached the med bay, having to clamber through the various small, twisting, illogical and cramped corridors of this ship, that Smith turned to her. Once they were in, he pointed to the only bed that wasn’t currently being used to store equipment.
She shuffled over and sat.
He walked up and looked down at her. “What happened?”
Her stomach clenched immediately. Dread spiraled through her, but it was dulled somehow. It was as if someone had erected a dam inside her, and that dam started and ended around her middle.
She could still feel the faint outline of someone’s grip. If she were in her right mind, she would stop herself, but there was no way she could control her urges, and she shifted, trailing a hand up her hip as if she were looking for something.
Smith’s eagle-eyed gaze locked on her move. He shifted around her, and the next thing she knew, he plucked up a medical scanner from the tray beside him, anchored a warm but firm hand on her shoulder, and pushed her slightly to the side.
Immediately, she reacted to his touch. She didn’t shrink away from it, and God knows she didn’t shiver. No, she did something far worse. She pushed back into him.
If he noticed, he didn’t let on. He dwindled into a silence that was only permeated by the constant beeps of that medical scanner.
It wasn’t until he was done and she heard the click as he switched it off that she realized something. Her heart beat as adrenaline pulsed through her. What if there was something wrong with her? Some lingering physical evidence of what she’d endured, and what if Smith had picked it up with his medical scanner?
Clarice’s warning slammed into Sierra’s mind. She could never act in a way that would give away her secret.
But—
“You can calm down,” Smith said with a heavy sigh. “There’s nothing wrong with you.” He let out a chuckle. It wasn’t bitter, and God knows it wasn’t snide. No, it was relieved. “Thank God. Do you remember what happened?”
He shifted around until he was looking right down into her face.
There was nowhere she could go, short of kicking him in the shin and running out of the room. She settled for pressing her lips together and swallowing. What happened? Out of nowhere, a ghostly touch had saved her life.
Now she was here, far away from the incident, and she could appreciate she’d felt that touch before. It was the same damn touch she kept trying to replicate every time she investigated her amulet.
She had to fight the urge not to shove a hand down her top and pull it out now. She pressed her lips together, suddenly appreciating Smith was waiting for an answer. And considering his personality, if she didn’t give him one, he’d just scream until she finally replied.
… Or maybe that personality assessment was wrong. Because even as she let her silence spread on, her gaze ticked up and she saw there was still an edge of tenderness twinkling in his eyes.
She took another breath. She shook her head. “I don’t really know. I think,” she trailed off as a lie came to mind, “I must’ve gotten lucky. I must’ve pulled away from the console just in time. It’s hard to remember, really. It happened too fast.”
Smith was still watching her, and there was a directness to his gaze she’d very rarely seen. It almost had the edge of somebody who’d been trained to read others’ emotions, and, importantly, lies.
Before that could freak her out, he tipped his head back, closed his eyes momentarily, and let out a sigh. He brought a hand up, scratched the back of his neck, and the next thing she knew, it was as if the original Smith returned. Irritation made his lips twitch. “This is great. We’re only a few days out from our destination, and I’ve got this to deal with. This is what happens when you bring new crew on board,” he added snidely.
Though she had so many other things to think of right now, that comment left her cold. Hell, his sudden change in behavior practically left her reeling.
Her lips wobbled open, and she knew she got a wounded look on her face.
She expected Smith to keep sticking the knife in, as it were. He didn’t. He took one look at her shock, and a most curious smile spread his lips. It started on the left, ticking his top lip up, crumpling his cheek, and even rumpling the tip of his nose. Then it spread until he let out a chuckle. There was something warm and infinitely engaging about that chuckle. It was like a doorway back to the kind man who’d rescued her from the tunnel.
“I’m not talking about you. Though maybe I should be talking about you. This time, however, you didn’t make a mistake. Farno did. We only picked him up a month ago. He’s a fly-in. He wants to get to his destination, and nothing else. You’ve always got to watch those kinds of crewmembers as a captain.”
She waited for Smith to point out that she was a fly-in, too, but he didn’t. He got distracted as he walked through the med bay, obviously looking for something. He had to move several boxes from on top of one of the other beds, and all the while he grumbled, complaining that this was no way to keep a ship. He found what he was looking for after a few minutes, then came back. It was a hypodermic syringe, and what it was loaded with, she didn’t ask, and he didn’t tell. With a gentle hand on her shoulder, and his broad, rough thumb anchored against the side of her cheek, he tilted her head slightly to the left.
There was something about his touch, she realized. Or maybe she didn’t realize it. Maybe her body alerted her to it. Because as soon as his thumb brushed her face, a memory of the grip around her middle flooded back into her mind. It was like the two were starting to collide. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that he’d been the first person to touch her after the incident. Maybe it was something more. But her mind was starting to have trouble differentiating between his warmth, and the warmth of whatever force lived in her pendant.
Though it was over all too quickly, and it only took him a few short seconds to inject her neck, she found herself paused with her head tilted to the side. It took until he gave a gruff cough for her to straighten.
He shifted back a step or two, either to get a better look at her, or to reinstate his personal space considering she creepily kept leaning into him and going perfectly silent every time he touched her.
She found herself swallowing. “What… what happens now?”
“Take the day off. Settle your nerves. Come back in the morning.” With that, he dumped the hypodermic on the med tray beside him, turned on his heavy boots, and strode toward the door.
She jumped to her feet. “I’m okay. I can help. Plus, I’m the only one who can fit in those tunnels. We’re going to need to replace the relay coils in the section that explosion damaged, or the ship’s power will be cut by half. It’s going to double the time it takes to get to our next destination. And you can’t afford to be late, right?” she added.
He paused in the doorway. He turned. His eyebrows crumpled, and he looked up at her from underneath them. For some reason, his expression made her stomach kick.
That didn’t stop her from taking a step forward, her balance poised as she showed him she was fully capable of standing now.
“Thanks for the offer, but that’s a no. Go get some rest.”
“But I want to help you,” she fumbled over her words, her cheeks brightening. “I want to thank you for saving me.”
He was still looking at her from underneath his eyebrows. “I didn’t save you,” he let out a chuckle, “you saved you, remember? And I get the impression that if I hadn’t come, you would’ve pulled yourself up, anyway. So thanks for the offer, but that’s a no. Get some rest.”
“But, Captain—”
He took another step then stopped. “You don’t need to worry about reaching our destination in time. I’ll make it happen. We’ll pick up two new crewmembers, and you can go on your way. If that’s what you want to do,” he added.
She paused. She’d thought about her situation nonstop for the last three weeks, and yet she still hadn’t decided what she would do when she reached their next stop. She had no money, other than the paltry wages she was receiving. She knew no one, and she had nowhere to go. Though Galatax Prime was a much larger world than Laroka, that didn’t mean it would be easier to slip through the cracks. In fact, it would likely be harder. Bigger worlds meant more transport coming and going. And more transport meant the likelihood of more Royal Guards.
She found her cheeks paling, and she stared down at her hands. Then she slowly ticked her gaze back up. “I… is there any way I could… stay?” she finally pushed the words out.
Smith was still paused in the doorway, his back to her. Now he inclined his head around. She caught sight of his expression. She couldn’t read it.
“I promise I won’t be any trouble,” she forced herself to say, even though her voice shook with obvious emotion on the word trouble.
Smith appeared to consider her quietly for several seconds. He opened his mouth, and she could see the word no ready on his lips.
She took a step toward him to argue her point. But that’s when she felt it.
In an instant, her amulet began to spin. That grip closed around her shoulder, and she heard a hushed, ghostly voice by her ear. “Prepare. Danger is near.”
Chapter 6
Smith
It was when he was seconds from telling Jane that there was no way he was going to keep her on board that a shudder ran through the ship. There was no warning, no alarm, no nothing.
His usually precise gut instincts didn’t warn him.
The floor plating beneath him buckled, snapping upward as if somebody had punched it with an enormous hand. Metal splintered toward his chest. He saw it out of his peripheral vision. Time slowed down enough for him to appreciate it would be a fatal blow, but it didn’t give him enough opportunity to react.
Somehow Jane did. She barreled into his side, wrapping an arm around his middle and pulling him harshly out of the way of the buckling metal.
She slammed hard onto the floor, her front smashing into his back as she continued to crumple over him and protect his body.
In the chaos that ensued – the ship finally catching up to the fact something was wrong and blaring every single alarm it had – he was aware of two things: her proximity and the hard edge of that amulet she always wore pressing into him underneath the fabric of her uniform.
It was moving, spinning, grinding against his back with every revolution.
In a snap, his senses caught up with him, and he appreciated he couldn’t lie there in her arms as his ship buckled out from underneath them.
“What the hell is happening?” he roared, tapping his jaw twice and activating his com unit.
He heard a buzzing vibrating through his jaw and up into his ear. It indicated that communications were down.
“Dammit,” he spat viciously, spittle flying over his chin as he pulled himself up. He hooked a hand around Jane’s arm, tugging him with her.
She didn’t need his help, though. She rocketed up to her feet, showing her balance and poise as she jerked back, avoiding a section of the floor as it rocked back and forth, undulating like a surfboard on a choppy sea.
Before he could snap out another word, she grabbed hold of his arm once more and yanked him hard to the side.
It was just in time before another section of the floor could splinter and slice right through his foot.
His adrenaline pounded so hard, every single muscle felt as if it had been injected with rocket fuel.
His battle instincts finally took charge, and he spun to the side, keeping low as he headed for the door.
“Dammit, what the hell is happening?” he spat as he jumped to the side, avoiding an unsecured cargo box that suddenly pitched through the room.
“I think we are about to lose gravity,” Jane screamed.
He didn’t have time to tell her there was no way she could know that. No. Because despite his better judgment, she was right.
With no warning whatsoever, the gravity generators simply cut out.
The next thing he knew, he was floating into the air. That wholly strange weightless sensation took to his body, and he drifted off his feet without the ability to stop himself.
He clutched at the closest thing, which just so happened to be Jane. He hooked his fingers just above her knee, pulling her close.
She latched onto him, too, wrapping her strong fingers around his bicep.
The next thing he knew, he was embracing her, pulling her close as he anchored his forearm into the small of her back.
“How the hell did we lose gravity? What’s going on?” he demanded. There was no point spitting his words out. Comms were down, and he knew none of the other crew would be anywhere near this deck. Hopefully they’d be on the bridge and in engineering trying to figure out what on earth was going on.
“Someone switched off the gravity generators,” Jane spluttered.
There was something strange about her voice. It was stuttering, slow. And her eyes? They were wide open and fixed. Her stare was almost otherworldly as it locked on his face. No, wait, she didn’t look as if she was staring at him – just staring through him.
Her terror was almost enough to derail him, then the situation caught up with him again, and he twisted, pivoting and pushing his heavy boot into the edge of the doorway beside them. He shoved off, spinning in the air and taking her with him, never letting up as he held her as close as a lover.
They tumbled and rolled through the air just in time as a sparking, electrified chunk of neural wiring from the exposed floor plating spun a few centimeters away from where they’d been floating.
He stared in wordless fear as it pushed through the open doorway and out into the corridor.
“Duck,” Jane screamed, shoving into him and pushing him out of the way just as another chunk of neural wiring spun past them.
She managed to maneuver them out of the way a split second before it could float right into his shoulder and kill him in an instant.
… She pushed into him. How? For a split second, she appeared to possess some kind of momentum that she shouldn’t have. It was one thing pushing off a bulkhead and using it as purchase in this weightless environment. It was another thing to somehow find propulsion in your limbs alone – enough to see her propelling him several meters out of the way.
It was almost as if something had pushed her from behind.
Smith’s eyes widened as he stared behind her, looking for whatever the object could be. He could find nothing.
“We need to get to the back of the med bay. Into the contamination bay,” Jane said breathlessly, each word coming out from between white, bloodless lips. She still had that otherworldly, haunted look in her eyes.
It was so distracting that it took him a moment to realize what she’d said. “Of course, the contamination suits have their own gravity generators and magnetic locks. Right, hold on.” He tore his attention off her confused expression, and he yanked his head around. Smith had been in some perilous situations in his life – or at least Sebastian, the Royal Guard, had.
He’d once been in a Royal cruiser that had gone critical only several thousand kilometers away from a star.
They’d lost the cruiser and most of the crew. Sebastian had been one of the few lucky souls to survive. He’d only managed it because he’d found a bio suit which he’d used to head out into space and dock with one of the escape pods that had been lucky enough to jettison from the ship before it had lost all power.
Moments like those flashed through his mind now as he tried to navigate desperately through the med bay.
If there was one place you didn’t want to weightlessly travel through, it was the med bay. Okay, the engineering bay and the cargo bay would be worse, but there was enough unsecured crap floating through here to make it a death trap.
He had to concentrate with all his might, pressing his lips into a thin, determined line as he shoved off cargo boxes midair, managing to finally latch a hand onto the wall. From there, the both of them managed to walk their grips along the various fittings and units lodged into the metal until they reached the back of the med bay.
He shoved out a hand, slamming his palm into the large red button that would open the contamination doors.
It didn’t work.
“Dammit,” he spat bitterly. “We must’ve lost power to this section.” As soon as the words were out, he realized that of course they’d lost power to this section. That was what happened when you blasted apart the floor and broke the neural wiring units beneath it.
Jane began to shift in his grip, her lithe body dragging against his chest and arm as she pushed closer to the wall.
They were about as close as it was possible for two people to be. He couldn’t dare lose his grip on her, even for a second. If he lost hold of her, she’d float away, and in this mess, he doubted he’d be able to catch her again.
It was clear she appreciated that fact, too, because she kept one hand anchored onto his bicep, her slight fingers sliding down a few times only to reposition and re-grip him with desperate force.
She slid around him until they were face-to-face. It meant they were chest-to-chest, too. Before Smith could distract himself with the feel of her torso pressed against his, he felt her pendant again.
It was still spinning, faster than ever. It had a strange heat, one that pushed easily into the top of his chest. One that almost felt like a hand reaching down—
“Hold me steady. Don’t let go of the wall,” Jane added breathlessly as she shifted around, latching a hand on the door controls.
It took him a moment to anchor his mind away from the feel of her pendant and the smooth line of her body locked against his.
He finally did what he’d been told, and he held onto the wall bracket his fingers were anchored around.
Jane worked competently and quickly, wrenching the panel off the wall in under a few seconds.
She let it float away, and Smith had to tilt his head to the side so it didn’t tumble into his face. It wasn’t that he cared about that small section of metal striking him slowly in low gravity – it was that he didn’t want to have to wrench his gaze off Jane, if even for a second.
“Almost there,” she said, her fingers moving quickly as she attempted to reach the door-bypass.
The contamination room, unsurprisingly, was a key part of the med bay. Though things had come a long way since the bad old days of galactic exploration, it was still entirely possible to come across some unknown virus or bacteriological entity and have it completely decimate your crew. If you broke new land somewhere, or suddenly found everyone on the ship coming down with unrecorded symptoms, you needed a well-equipped and, importantly, lockable, contamination bay.
As such, there were more than a few backup systems leading to this door. Jane was attempting to manually redirect energy from one of those numerous backup systems now.
“Almost there. Got it,” she said, her voice reverberating with satisfaction. The move pushed her chest against his arm, and that lingering heat of her pendant was almost overshadowed by the distracting, momentary press of her breast against his bicep.
There was a click, and the contamination doors opened.
Jane took the lead, wrapping her hand around the open door, securing her fingers, and pulling him forward. Only when he was sure that her grip was strong enough did he let go of the wall.
They drifted into the contamination room.
As soon as his body cleared the door, it closed.
Unlike the rest of the med bay, everything in the contamination room was tied down, either magnetically locked to the floor, or secured behind structural shields that would have flickered on the instant the ship detected loss of gravity.
Fortunately for them, the rack that contained the contamination suits was along the same wall that had the door.
Working together, and working together well, they reached it.
Jane anchored a hand around the rack as Smith leaned past her, inputting his command code into the lock that would release the suits.
There was a click, and a cloud of white gas erupted as the locking bar that held the suits in place rose.
Smith could be thankful for one thing. Of all the old crap on this ship, at least the contamination suits were some of his most sophisticated tech. There was a reason for that. You could command a much larger fee if you were registered to transport restricted goods. Registration meant you needed to have up-to-date contamination suits.
Still locked together like two entangled electrons, moving in perfect sync, Jane helped Smith grab one of the suits.
The easy bit was over. The hard bit was dressing in a contamination suit in zero gravity.
“Reach in and activate the contamination suit’s gravity generators and stand it up on the ground – it’ll be easier to clamber inside,” Jane suggested.
She was right.
As Jane held him against the rack, never letting go, it gave Smith the time he needed to unhook one of the suits, peel off its helmet, reach inside, and turn it on. The next thing he knew, there was a distinct low, vibrating hum, then two pounding thumps as the suit became rigid and locked against the floor.
Smith tilted his head back and laughed. “Finally.”
He expected Jane to let out a sigh of relief, too. She didn’t. She suddenly stiffened, and her body was more than close enough that he could feel every single muscle seizing, intense rigidity riding up through her stomach, into her arms, and into her face. Her eyes widened, her expression one of such perfect fear, it stilled him to the spot.
“What is it?” he snapped.
“I think you need to hurry. Someone is coming.”
Her attention was locked on the door. He jerked his head around to stare at it. There was nothing. Though the ship’s alarms were still blaring, warning them, unsurprisingly, that there was a critical issue going on, there was nothing to suggest that someone was waiting at the door for them. “Jane—” he began.
She reached forward, and with strength she shouldn’t have, shoved him toward the suit. “Clamber inside. Someone’s coming. Someone’s coming.”
This was where, if they were in an ordinary situation, he would try to reassure her that it was nothing but paranoia talking. They were not in an ordinary situation. Smith gave into the pressure of the moment, pushed forward, grabbed a hand around the open neck unit of the suit, and began to clamber around.
Jane helped him, still holding onto him, shifting her grip up his arm until her fingers slid around his.
He closed his thumb fast against her palm, holding onto her with all his might as he finally slipped his legs through the contamination suit.
As soon as the suit felt real live flesh shifting into it, the computer activated the suit’s internal lock, and the leg units contracted, instantly conforming to his body.
Finally he was on solid ground.
He pushed one of his arms into the suit’s arm unit, keeping his other arm held out through the mouth of the neck as he never let his grip on Jane falter.
Her face was unmistakably broken with fear. Her eyes were as wide as he’d ever seen, and considering she had attractive, soft, doe-brown eyes, it made her look like a painting.
There was something about that look, in fact, that somehow ignited his fear even more. He brought up the hand that was now safely locked into the armor, wrapped it around her arm, and finally let go of her other hand.
“No,” she suddenly screamed, her voice pitching high, becoming as shrill as a Vibra drill by his ear.
Just before he could secure his armored hand over her fingers, she pushed off.
He reached for her, his heart pounding with such desperation, it felt like it was going to tear a hole in his chest muscles.
The door opened.
Smith saw Farno. The bastard was in security armor. The exact same security armor unit that was held in the brig.
In a flash, the situation caught up with Smith.
Farno obviously wasn’t some no-hoper who was only getting from point A to point B.
No, the guy was obviously a ship wrangler – a bastard breed of scavenger who would join the crew of relatively unprotected transports, learn their systems, wait until the ship was far enough away from help, kill the crew, and take their goods.
That’s why the jerk had turned on the power to that maintenance tunnel earlier. It would’ve been the first stage of his plan to kill everyone on the Celestial Barge and grab the ship.
Farno brought up his gun.
Time slowed down as Smith realized, for the second time in the past several minutes, that he was going to die and there wasn’t a damn thing he could do about it.
But there was something Jane could do about it. When she’d pushed off him and tumbled through the air, her body had redirected toward the doorway. She was still rolling in freefall, gravity making her look just as graceful and powerless as a tumbling cherry blossom in the wind.
Just before Farno could shoot Smith right through the center of his exposed head, Jane reached the bastard.
She didn’t bother to kick Farno in the head. Instead, she wrapped an arm around his neck and pulled him to the side.
There was precious little she could do. She had barely any strength, considering there was no gravity, she certainly had no weapon, and all she had was the element of surprise.
Or maybe she had something else. Because even though it shouldn’t be physically possible, as she latched her arm around Farno’s semi-transparent visor, she managed to tug him with just enough force to affect his aim. As the bastard fired, a hot blue ball of light spun past Smith’s shoulder, slamming into the wall behind him and completely obliterating a chunk of it.
Until that moment, Smith had been frozen to the spot. Now he moved. It wasn’t his instincts kicking into gear. It was… something else. From within, something ignited. It was unspeakably powerful; he’d never felt anything like it before. It seized his muscles, pushing him forward with the speed of a bullet.
He yanked his other hand down, squeezing it into his suit just as he reached Farno.
Smith leaned down, putting all of his strength into his shoulder as he tackled Farno.
Farno tried to squeeze off another shot, but Smith was too fast, pivoting to the side, securing his grip on Farno’s arm, and wrenching with all his might.
Farno screamed as he was thrown off balance.
Jane had already let go of the bastard’s throat, and she now tumbled back into the med bay.
Smith never lost sight of her in his peripheral vision. He never lost hold of her with his heart, either.
No, wait, what did that mean?
What the hell was this sensation that still had hold of his limbs?
What was this power igniting him? Giving him the strength to shove to the side, angle his shoulder up, and strike Farno under his chin?
On paper, a set of security armor would always beat a contamination unit.
That was ignoring one fact, however. This contamination unit was a new model. That security suit was 20 years old. Smith could make out every creak of its joints as Farno fought relentlessly.
The bastard would know that unless he won, he would lose completely.
Smith was not the kind of man you toyed with.
Smith let out a bitter scream as he jerked to the side, attempting to grapple Farno around his throat.
The guy tried to squeeze off another shot, but something in Smith told him when to act, and he suddenly jerked up his knee, slamming it into Farno’s elbow.
The move had just enough momentum that it managed to send a powerful shudder rippling through Farno’s armor.
It broke his grip. Gravity did the rest.
Smith didn’t bother to attempt to clutch Farno’s gun as it tumbled through the air and back into the med bay. He couldn’t afford a moment’s distraction.
Whatever was happening to his body couldn’t afford it, either; some mysterious force still had control of every limb.
He swore it told him when to act, when to pause, when to duck, and when to strike.
Farno was a competent fighter, a great actor, too. Smith was always on the lookout for ship wranglers, but he hadn’t seen this one coming.
Some part of him was aware of the fact that even now as he fought Farno, the rest of his crew could be dead. Though Smith didn’t technically hold any allegiance to Hep and Terriz and the rest of his motley crew, even if this mission was all a ruse, he wouldn’t let them die. Not under his command.
He let out another scream, rounding his hand into a fist and pounding it against Farno’s armored jaw.
There was a crack. Unfortunately, it wasn’t Farno’s armor – it was Smith’s.
A hairline fissure ran up between his knuckles and down the wrist joint of the armor.
Though Smith wasn’t wearing a helmet, the armor’s computational unit blared at him that structural integrity was undermined.
The rest of his suit became more rigid and heavier as it attempted to adjust.
Which was just at the wrong time.
He caught sight of Farno’s round, murderous eyes from under the transparent visor of the man’s armor.
This was it, Smith thought for the third time that day.
It wasn’t it.
Because for the third time that day, Jane rose to the occasion.
Even as she tumbled through the med bay, Smith had never lost sight of her. Because even as he’d fought Farno, something hadn’t allowed Smith to ignore her. It seemed that even if she was taken several sectors away, he would still be aware of her, as if some invisible connection had opened up between them, as if….
Just as Farno brought up his fist, angling the metal plated knuckles toward Smith’s unprotected face, Smith stared past Farno at Jane.
She’d managed to catch Farno’s gun.
She didn’t pause. She fired.
A hot white pulse of light slammed into the back of Farno’s armored head.
Smith pushed back, planting his feet on the floor, deliberately disabling their gravity lock, and tumbling away just as Jane let off four more shots. They blasted through the remnants of Farno’s helmet until they reached the man beneath.
Smith, despite the fact he’d been in battles all his life, turned his head momentarily to the side as blood and bone splattered everywhere.
He didn’t take a moment to tumble through the air, to adjust to the situation. That same force that had ignited in him and told him to do anything to protect Jane kicked into gear. He initiated the suit’s magnetic lock, landed on the floor, and ran past the bloodied remains of Farno.
He skidded into the med room.
He saw her.
She was tumbling just a few meters above him.
His eyes instantly darted around the room, locking on every single potential threatening object that spun through the weightless air.
The next thing he knew, he jumped, grabbed her ankle, and pulled her down.
It wasn’t until he had two hands locked on her shoulders that he stopped. It wasn’t until he looked into her wide, shocked, but relieved eyes that whatever had hold of him ended. It was so abrupt, he almost collapsed. He did not, however, let his anchoring grip on her shoulders lift.
“Are you okay?” he asked, breathless.
That far-off, haunted, otherworldly look in her gaze was finally drifting away. In its place, her cheeks paled. You would’ve thought that the fury of the last few minutes would’ve seen her paling to the color of powdered bone. But that was nothing compared to what happened now. It looked as if the very life was leaving her body.
He shifted forward, fell down to one knee, wrapped an arm around her back, and clasped her tightly just as her eyes rolled into the back of her head. It happened suddenly… and yet it didn’t happen suddenly. A part of him seemed to be prepared for it. The next thing he knew, he was down on the floor, his arms firmly hooked around hers as cargo boxes, medical supplies, and paraphernalia continued to float around him.
He found his body hunkering over hers protectively until, just a few seconds later, the pitch of the ship’s alarms changed. He’d been on this ship more than long enough to appreciate critical systems were about to come back online. Sure enough, just a few short seconds later, he felt gravity flick back on in an instant.
He shot forward, pushing his body over Jane’s just as a large cargo box came thundering down on top of them. It fortunately struck his back and not his skull, because the weight with which it powered down could easily have severed his head. The containment suit was strong enough to absorb the blow, though it forced him forward until he was pressed on top of Jane’s crumpled, unconscious form.
He groaned, planting a hand by her still face as he pushed up.
Though he’d never managed to grab the helmet of this armor, there was enough of the onboard computer intact that it blared in his ear that there was a massive structural crack down the left shoulder and spine segments of his armor.
“Tell me something I don’t know,” he managed as he pushed up.
From outside, he heard thundering footsteps.
It would be his crew, finally catching up to whatever the heck Farno had done to them.
Relief blasted through him at the fact they were alive and Farno hadn’t had an opportunity to kill them.
He turned his attention back to Jane.
Her head was tilted to the side, her expression at peace.
It was the first time he’d seen her like this, and his stomach twitched.
He still had no idea what her story was, but Jane wore her embattled past like a mask. He’d never seen her smile. Then again, a quick voice pointed out, there’d never been a reason for her to smile when he was around. He’d been hard as hell on her over the past three weeks.
Now…?
The door to the med bay opened, and Hep threw himself in, the man’s massive alien body blocking out the flickering illumination making it in from a broken light out in the corridor.
Immediately Hep swung his gaze down to Smith, and a blast of relief practically ricocheted around his face.
Then he saw Jane’s crumpled form. Hep barreled into the room. “Is she alive? Did that bastard do anything to her? It was a trap. Where—”
Smith didn’t bother to reply. With words, at least. He brought a hand up and jammed his thumb in the direction of Farno. Or at least, Farno’s remains.
Hep grew silent, a grim expression marking his features. “He was a ship wrangler,” he managed.
“Tell me something I don’t know,” Smith said ruefully as he tried but failed to stand.
He was still pressed over Jane’s form protectively. Something in him still tethered him to her. Something that was waning with every second, but something that was still there, wheedling into his gut.
“You want to know something you don’t know? Very well, Farno managed to get off a call before he came to attack you.”
Smith had been prepared for a lot. This was not something he wanted to hear.
Though all he wanted to do was hunker over Jane’s still form until she woke, he shot to his feet, abject terror paling his features. He knew that a good commander shouldn’t show fear in front of their crew. That rule went out the window now as he took a sharp, bitter breath. “The bastard wasn’t working alone?”
Hep didn’t answer. He brought up a hand and ground his long fingers over his sweaty lip. “I can’t tell you. But it seems like that.”
“What do you mean you can’t tell me? What did the message say?”
Even as the words were out, he could tell from the look of controlled but present fear on Hep’s face that he didn’t know. “Farno was a clever bastard. He was using a type of encryption we can’t break.”
“Goddammit,” Smith spat. “How long until we’re operational and we can get out of this sector of space?”
Hep shrugged. It was not an easy, nonchalant move. It was the exact opposite. It was the move of a man whose words had left him.
Smith slammed a hand onto the back of his head, not caring as his fingers scraped along one of the numerous injuries Farno had given him. He swore, in almost every tongue he knew. He did not, however, leave Jane’s side.
Maybe Hep appreciated that fact, because his gaze darted down to Jane once more. “What happened to her? Will she be okay? We need to get to engineering. All hands on deck. We have to repair the damage Farno did to the gravity drives. If we’re going to have a chance of outrunning whoever the hell he called, we’re going to need to act fast.” Hep proved how fast they would have to act by turning hard on his foot and heading toward the door.
This was where Smith should push to his feet and follow. But this was where he remained hovering by Jane’s side. Dammit, what the hell was happening to him? He could appreciate how dangerous this situation was and how every single second, if misspent, could lead to their doom. But at the same time, he still couldn’t fight past whatever frigging force was connecting him to her.
If he’d been in his right mind, he would’ve started to question what on earth could be happening, but as it was, he put down his unwillingness to leave her side as nothing more than misplaced adrenaline.
He took a pressured breath. “I don’t want to leave her—” he found himself saying. He didn’t get a chance to finish. He felt the side of his jaw vibrating, an indication that the communication system was back online. “What is it?” he snapped, not giving his second-in-command the chance to breathe, let alone fill him in on the situation.
“Long-range scans indicate we’ve got company.”
“Damn,” Smith spat. Once upon a time, back when he’d been a Royal Guard, few things had been able to emotionally affect him. It was one of the reasons he’d been picked for this mission. Few other Royal Guards would be happy to leave the Royal family, even if in doing so they could carry out a critical mission to keep the family safe.
Sebastian was different. He’d always had the ability to compartmentalize, switching his priorities in the blink of an eye to keep up with rapidly unfolding situations. Now he was… goddammit, he was stuck. His body’s reaction made no damn sense.
“We’ve got three ships coming in fast. I can’t tell the make of the ships. I can tell that they’re coming in as hot as hell. I can also tell they probably belong to Mr. Gray,” Terriz announced out of nowhere.
Smith wasn’t guarding his expression or his body language. At the mention of Mr. Gray, his cheeks paled and he knew his eyes widened with a wild look.
“You know him?” Hep was close enough that he picked up Smith’s intense reaction.
Smith drove a quick breath deep into his lungs and shrugged. “I’ve heard of him.” That, right there, wasn’t a lie. But it was a believable half-truth. “From reports, he’s one nasty but powerful character. If you’re right,” he said to Terriz, “then we need to prepare to protect the ship.”
“Or negotiate”
“What do you mean negotiate?” Smith snapped.
“One of the ships has just got in contact.” Though Terriz was famous for having a laissez-faire reaction to almost every situation, no matter how dire, it was a testament to just how screwed up this mess was, because he took a sudden, shaking, unquestionably emotional breath.
“What is it?” Smith demanded.
“We just received a communication from the primary ship. Says it’s got us surrounded,” with every word, Terriz’s voice became more snapped, his tone more pressured.
Smith clamped his armored hand over his mouth and spat so bitterly into it, his voice turned into nothing more than a sharp cracking hiss.
He wasn’t an idiot. This wouldn’t be a negotiation. The ships would come and strip this vessel bare, taking the ship too if they thought it was worth anything. No, the negotiation would be about Smith’s crew.
Ship wranglers this far out had no scruples. He doubted they could even spell the word. And while a transporter’s cargo always had a definite value, so did people.
Though slavery was frowned upon in this section of space, ransom wasn’t. If Smith ever wanted to operate as a transport captain again, he didn’t want to have lost clients hanging over his head. If your crew or passengers had been ransomed from underneath you, you’d get a reputation. But that reputation aside, Sebastian the Royal Guard beneath Smith’s persona couldn’t lose anyone.
“They’re telling us to come to a dead stop, cut our engines, and open our hangar bay door,” Terriz said, completely breathless now.
Obviously Smith had been wrong. Terriz had simply never encountered a situation deadly enough to force him to feel emotion. Now the man’s fear was practically palpable.
It was washing off Hep in waves, too. The guy might be large and physically capable of taking on most other races with nothing more than a punch of his large fist, but there was nothing he would be able to do if – or when – this ship was attacked by wranglers. Hybrids like Hep always commanded a high price.
“What do we do?” Hep said as he shifted forward, his eyes wide with fear.
“What do we do?” Terriz asked with the same level of total desperation, his voice echoing in Smith’s ear.
Smith’s gaze darted down.
His stomach twisted so hard it felt as if someone had reached a hand in, grabbed hold of his intestines, and strangled them. As his gaze locked on Jane, fear blasted through him.
Hep was one thing, but Jane?
She wasn’t nearly the prettiest human he’d ever seen. In many ways, she was relatively plain. That wasn’t the point. The point was at the thought that some scavenger scum could come on board and try to trade for her, Smith’s hands drew into bloodless fists. They were so tight, he was sure he would lose his knuckles.
“Captain, they’re not going to give us another option. We’re out of time. We either open the hangar bay doors, or they take us by force,” Terriz warned in one long, breathless exclamation of fear.
Smith closed his eyes. He hated an enemy he couldn’t see. At least if the scavengers were right in front of him, he could have a fighting chance.
“Let them on board,” he forced himself to say. “We’ve got no choice,” he added as he stared down at Jane once more, his stomach kicking even worse than before. “Tell them I’ll meet them in the hangar bay.”
There was a long pause. Then Terriz croaked out a, “Message relayed.”
Smith felt cold as he stood.
Dread slid down his back, shaking his legs, making his knees feel like jelly. He shot Hep a look of contained terror, straightened his back, then finally strode out the door. As he reached the door and it slid open at his approach, he turned and looked down at Jane. “Try to wake her up. When she’s awake…” he couldn’t finish his sentence. He knew what that strange feeling wanted him to say. It wanted to order Hep to find a place to hide Jane.
The rest of Smith – or Sebastian, rather – tried to remind him of his utmost priority. At the end of the day, though regrettable, this crew could not be placed higher than his duty to find Prince Alberon. And if the communication Terriz had decrypted was correct, then there was every single possibility Alberon was on one of the ships outside. If Smith played his cards correctly, for the first time in five years, he could have the chance of finding Alberon. But to play his cards correctly, he couldn’t afford to anger these scavengers in any way.
Hep took a quick, pressured step toward him, confusion crumpling his brow. “Captain?” His gaze slid back to Jane. “We don’t know what those scavengers are like. You need to protect her,” he said. “I can look after myself, and so can Terriz and the rest of the crew.”
Part of Smith wanted to point out that Jane could look after herself, too. Smith wouldn’t be alive if she hadn’t intervened three times and saved his life, snatching it right out of the maws of death.
That thought settled in. Smith wouldn’t be alive without her…. “Find some place to hide her,” he said. The words were out before he could stop them, before he could really think them through, and before his once loyal mind could appreciate what the hell he was doing.
He spun on his foot, practically throwing himself out of the doors, powering down the corridor outside, and reaching one of the lifts that would lead into the hangar bay.
He took a stuttering breath as it closed in front of him. “What have I just done?”
Smith’s father had died – no, Sebastian’s father had died in the call of duty, protecting the Royal family. Though Smith didn’t know the exact circumstances, his father had died a hero.
All Smith had ever wanted to be – all he’d ever wanted to be was a hero, too.
Chapter 7
Sierra
She woke, someone shaking her shoulders roughly.
She was bleary, her mind feeling as if it had been shoved in a blender and set to spin.
She could feel a cold pressure sinking through her chest, spreading from a point in her neck.
“Come on, human, wake,” she heard a gruff voice by her ear. Somebody leaned forward, the sound of their knees creaking just beside Sierra’s head. The next thing she knew, she felt herself being lifted up. Her face slammed against their massive shoulder as the person began to carry her. It was only then that she felt a mane of hair scratching her cheeks.
It took a moment, then reality slammed into her. Hep was carrying her. She was on the Celestial Barge. She….
She could feel something around her. That ghostly grip. It was anchored around her back and middle, stronger than she’d ever felt before. She was even aware of her pendant. It was spinning, and the more it spun, the more it threatened to draw her in with every rotation.
She struggled to open her eyes, but as soon as she did, that spinning almost lulled her back to sleep.
Whatever Hep was doing, he was running somewhere, and with every jolt of his heavy legs, powerful vibrations slammed up through his body and into her stomach.
She could feel an alarm blaring through the ship. She could only just make out its pitch. Was it a red alert? Or a yellow alert? Or was it something she wasn’t familiar with?
“Please wake up, human. I have filled you with enough stimulants that you should be bouncing off the walls by now. You need to be conscious,” he said, his voice shaking.
She may have only known Hep for three weeks, but she’d never heard him like this. What was going on?
She pushed at the wall of fog in her mind until finally she recalled one critical fact. The med bay. She’d been in the med bay when Farno had burst in in security armor, trying to kill Smith. Terror spiraled through her, and it was finally enough to see her part her lips. “Smith?” she managed in a shaking voice.
She had no idea why she was asking after Smith; she was meant to hate the man. But she was still… confused. She momentarily couldn’t tell the difference between Smith and that ghostly touch in her mind.
Don’t ask her how, but when Smith had come to rescue her after the explosion in the service duct, he’d become somehow inescapably linked to what was going on with her. Every single time her pendant activated, it was almost as if his body had become entangled with its force.
She felt Hep shift, his shoulders jolting as he reacted to her words. “You’re awake,” he said with obvious relief. “Thank God. I’m not Smith, though. And you need to come to your senses now.”
She could no longer deny the obvious stress pounding through his voice. “What’s going on?”
“We are about to be boarded.”
“Boarded?” Her voice shot up in terror.
“Farno was a ship wrangler. Before he attempted to kill Smith and take this vessel, he managed to get off a message to his team. They are here.”
“Are we going to repel boarders?”
There was a significant pause. “Smith has no option but to negotiate.”
“What do you mean negotiate?”
There was another significant pause. This one had an edge to it. The kind of edge that saw Hep’s shoulders tense, riding high into his ears, pulling her small body with them until her back dragged along his mane.
“He has no option but to negotiate. That’s why you need to come to your senses so you can hide.”
“I don’t understand,” she managed through a shaking breath. “Why would the ship wranglers negotiate with him? Aren’t they just gonna steal the vessel?”
“If Smith wants to keep his transport license pristine, they’re going to bargain for his passengers.”
“But won’t they just take what they want?”
“Smith may have information useful to them. If he doesn’t, he may be able to call the owner of the Barge and negotiate a deal.”
Sierra finally understood.
A truly cold dread spread through her. Before it could reach her heart, she swore she felt that invisible, ghostly grip wrapping around her tighter, so tight that that frozen sensation couldn’t penetrate completely. She took a shuddering breath. “What about you?”
“Do not worry about me. I will look after myself.”
“I can—” she began, about to tell him that she could look after herself, too.
Hep paused, getting down on his knees as he reached a small hatch into a maintenance duct. With deft fingers, he typed the right code, and the hatch opened with nothing more than a silent hiss of atmosphere.
There was no way Hep would be able to fold his massive body into that hatch.
“I won’t leave you behind,” she said, desperation shaking through her voice.
“You will not be leaving me behind. Smith is a competent negotiator. I will be fine,” Hep assured her.
“If you’ll be fine,” she said, “then why are you hiding me?”
Hep didn’t answer. With a firm grip, he guided her off his shoulder. By the time he settled her on the floor, most of her strength had returned to her, enough that she could shift up, push onto one knee, and look right into his eyes. He reached a hand forward and locked it on her shoulder, his grip anchoring, his gaze even more so. “You are the weakest member of this crew. I do not want to see you become a slave. This is an order from Smith – hide.”
“An order from Smith?”
Once upon a time, she thought Smith was one of the most wretched people she’d ever met. In her head, she’d had him pinned as one of those truly disreputable men she’d seen so much in Cluster.
That view came crashing down now. Or maybe it had come crashing down as soon as her pendant had linked her to him.
She took an emotional breath. “I—”
“Hide. Do not come out until you know all is safe.” With that, Hep gave her a strong shove. It was more than hard enough to see her fall back against the open hatch.
She wanted to keep trying to convince him to come with her, but she could hear strong, strident voices further down into the ship.
Desperation pulsed in Hep’s eyes as he waved at her one last time. “Go,” he demanded.
So she went.
She pushed herself into the duct, her small form easily crumpling down to accommodate the cramped space.
She’d crawled through so many sand ducts back in Cluster City that this was old-hat to her.
The tears continuously streaming down her cheeks were not.
Grief and fear melded together in a toxic clump in her throat, one large enough that it made it hard to swallow.
As soon as she was out of the doorway, she heard Hep shifting forward and closing the hatch.
Though all she wanted to do was rest back and cry against it, that grip around her middle was back, and it would not let her stop. It saw her push forward, crawling with all possible speed until she reached a small ladder that led down into another twisted section of ducts.
Even then, it wouldn’t let her stop.
Though she’d only been on this ship three weeks, she’d been down these ducts practically every day. So she knew this section well enough to appreciate that just ahead was a small alcove. It was a way station, of sorts, one for the maintenance crew to be able to stand in, stretch their shoulders, and access key ship systems if needed. Heck, it even had a ration pack and a small medical med kit lodged in the floor.
Sierra fell down against the wall, brought her knees up, and hugged them into her chest. She pressed her tear-streaked face against her knees and muffled the sobs shaking from her throat, even though there was no one to hear.
Now the tears had started, they wouldn’t stop. Just before her grief could threaten to get the better of her, she found her hand reaching down her top. She clutched her pendant. As soon as her grip tightened around it, she felt it. No, him. This force that had always been with her, one that was only now rising to the fore.
She closed her eyes, she clutched the pendant, and she prayed.
Chapter 8
Smith
The situation could not be direr.
The ship’s alarms were still blaring, and they droned into his skull as he clenched his teeth together, finally stopping in front of the hangar bay door.
Terriz kept a constant commentary up in his ear, letting Smith know that the first scavenger cruiser had already landed in the bay.
There would be men waiting for him. No, he abruptly corrected himself as he clenched his teeth as hard as he could. They wouldn’t be men. He wouldn’t afford them the dignity of calling them that. These were the kinds of bastards who would do anything for money and who’d sold their humanity long ago.
With one more breath, he settled himself, strode forward, controlled his expression, and walked in.
Smith knew precisely what he would see when he entered the hangar bay. Or at least he thought he did. In his mind, there would be a team of between 5 to 10 heavily armed mercenaries, maybe more if they thought the ship could put up any defense.
It’s not what he saw. There were 10 mercenaries, alright, but there was also an eleventh person.
Smith had to try every trick he knew to control his expression as he marched in through the opening doors.
Because the very man he’d been hunting for the last five years was here.
There was a sleek, white-blue cruiser docked outside.
The hangar bay doors were open, and structural shields were in place so the room didn’t depressurize, lose atmosphere, and suck everything and everyone who wasn’t tied down out into the pitiless vacuum beyond.
He didn’t care about the ship, even though with a single glance he could tell it was one of the most sophisticated vessels he’d seen since he’d left the Zenith Sector.
Even the impressive sight of 10 mercenaries lined up in front of him wasn’t nearly as important as the man behind them.
He wasn’t standing. He was seated on a floating platform that looked like the modern-day equivalent of a throne. It was high and peaked at the back with two large armrests running along the sides. They were outfitted with glowing circles of light that were holographic input panels that would no doubt be permanently linked into the ship docked behind. Hell, they were so sophisticated that it looked as if they’d be able to control the weapons of the mercenaries, let alone hack into the Celestial Barge’s barely defended systems and take remote control of the whole ship.
The throne, however, wasn’t important. It was the man in it.
Mr. Gray.
Prince Alberon….
He was dressed in a high-necked jet-black tunic top with just the smallest detail of silver trimming. It matched the silver-gray half mask that covered the left side of his face, a loop of metal curling around his right eye and accentuating his purple iris.
The mask was nothing more than decoration and wouldn’t hide Prince Alberon’s true visage. But nobody outside of the Zenith Royal family would know who he was, anyway. Nobody except Smith.
But here he was, at the culmination of a five-year mission, and there was nothing he could do.
If he’d had any belief whatsoever that Mr. Gray would come in person to his ship, Smith would have sent a coded message to the Royal family already. He no longer had the opportunity.
He was nothing more than a sitting duck. And his crew….
So far no one had said anything, the 10 mercenaries simply holding Smith in their fixed, deadly attention as their armored knuckles tightened around their guns.
Finally, someone spoke.
It was the largest of the mercenaries who was standing slightly away from the rest of the line of soldiers, his gun by far the most deadly-looking. The gun, however, was nothing compared to the sharp, eviscerating look in his eyes.
His lips opened. They shifted strangely, and as Smith narrowed his gaze, he appreciated there were two thin, small metal pins inserted either side of his bottom lip. They were just visible under the visor piece of his helmet.
As they jerked, Smith appreciated what they were.
It was a mouth control piece – a means to speak through someone else.
“Negotiations will begin now,” the man said, his voice raspy.
The hair lifted on the back of Smith’s neck, nerves racing up the side of his skull and across his temples as he appreciated Prince Alberon was speaking through his men – literally.
People without Smith’s background wouldn’t appreciate what was going on. They’d just assume those two little metal pins were nothing but decorative details. Smith almost – almost – looked past the man who was speaking to the Prince.
He stopped himself just in time.
There had to be a reason Prince Alberon had shown up in person, and it wasn’t beyond the realm of possibility that it was because he suspected there was a Royal Guard on board.
Smith took a grounding breath, feeling his chest pushing against the confines of his containment suit.
It was still cracked, though at least on the way over here he’d logged onto the onboard computer and told it to stop blaring alarms that his suit was down to five percent structural integrity.
He sniffed loudly. “My name is Smith Falcon, and the ship is the Celestial Barge. I’m the registered captain, but I do not own her. The owner is—”
“Pendram,” the mercenary said, though again Smith could tell that the Prince was simply speaking through him.
Smith nodded. “I can see you’ve done your research,” he commented quietly, reminding himself that he had to keep up appearances. Though all Sebastian wanted to do was race forward and claim the Prince, Smith needed to play this exactly like a transport captain should.
In a situation like this, no matter how dire it seemed, Smith wouldn’t lose his sense of humor.
“I can see I’m dealing with professionals here,” he added with a small smile barely parting his lips.
“You will take us through your ship, room by room. We will audit it,” the mercenary said.
Smith let his gaze dart across the line of soldiers, swinging over the Prince just once.
The Prince was looking for something, he had to be.
If he’d wanted the ship itself, negotiations would begin and end in this room. If he was after a passenger or something stashed aboard, he’d want to confirm it was here before he played his hand.
Smith let a deep breath rumble through his chest, then he arched his shoulders, the move apparently casual. He was more than thankful for the bulk of his contamination suit. It hid how tense his shoulders were. They were so damn taut, you could bounce a coin off them.
Bringing up a thumb and scraping it across the bridge of his nose, he pointed toward the door. “Let’s get a hustle on. Though I should warn you,” he deliberately glanced toward the Prince this time, “this ship was built by Garapax, and it’s just as small and compact as you’d expect. Some of the corridors are only a meter and a half across.”
The largest of the guards growled, taking a heavy step forward, the move so strong, it sounded as if someone had dropped an anvil on the floor.
Smith flashed his gaze toward the Prince. “I can do a virtual tour if you’d prefer?”
“You will deal with me,” the lead mercenary snapped. “Now move.” As the man spoke, Smith could tell from his tone and choice of words that the real man was speaking and the Prince was no longer hijacking his voice.
Smith was sure to spread a wide smile over his lips, allowing his perfect teeth beneath to glimmer. Glimmer, one hoped, like light shining off a sword.
With another shrug, he turned on his foot. “Come this way.”
Only five soldiers pared off and followed Smith. The rest remained in the hangar bay.
Smith’s mind went wild, virtually spinning circles as he tried to appreciate why the Prince had come aboard in the first place. If the man didn’t intend to walk through the ship himself and look for whatever it was he wanted, why reveal himself?
There was only one answer, wasn’t there?
It was because he wanted to intimidate someone. And though to any ordinary idiot in this sector who knew the name Mr. Gray having him appear on your ship would be terrifying, there had to be something else to this.
He’s onto you. He suspects there’s a Royal Guard on board. It’s the only reason he would make a move and reveal himself, Smith thought quickly, his cheeks paling with dread. He was more than thankful for the fact that he was striding ahead, no one in front of him as the mercenaries lined up behind. The itch along the back of his neck told him that every single one of them had their guns trained on him, or close enough that the sophisticated weapons would be able to redirect and blow a hole through him with little more than a moment’s thought.
“Where do you want to start?” Smith asked, hoping his tone was conversational and not tight with gut-shredding tension.
“Quarters,” the man said, and once more Smith could just tell from the slight shake in his tone that the words weren’t his. They were the Prince’s.
… Goddamnit. The Prince obviously wanted to go through every person on the ship to find Smith.
What the hell should he do?
Smith had thought about almost every single possible scenario when it came to tracking Prince Alberon down and capturing him, but he’d never imagined this. Being right under the Prince’s thumb with five guns trained on the back of his neck was not something he’d trained for.
Immediately, Smith’s instincts kicked into gear, and he started to look for advantages. At least this was his ship, and at least nominally, he still had control over some systems. Even though he could guarantee that Mr. Gray would have linked into the ship’s primary processors through his throne, there would still be other systems – manual systems – that could potentially give Smith an edge.
“Captain’s quarters are just up here,” Smith said as he turned down a tight corridor and headed toward a small ladder that would take them up onto the mezzanine level that housed the captain’s quarters and a small storage bay intended for goods the captain would have to keep under a watchful eye.
“Other crew first,” the merc growled.
Smith stopped, his hand already on the ladder that would lead them up to his quarters.
He’d been keeping his back to these men thus far in the hopes they wouldn’t see his rapidly deteriorating expression, but his curiosity got the better of him. He turned over his shoulder, a frown marking his features. “Don’t—” he began, about to ask them why they wouldn’t want to see his quarters first, then he realized he had to damn well stay in his role as Smith. He cleared his throat. “Isn’t it customary to start with the head first?”
He caught sight of the main merc’s face. The guy was massive, and even though Smith couldn’t see his eyes, as they were covered by a large opaque visor, the rest of his face was visible, and his expression was what you would expect from somebody who knew how to do two things. Kill and wait around to kill.
He was not the kind of man, in other words, who suffered fools. He was instead the kind to kill anyone who irritated him and ask questions later.
Sure enough, the man’s fingers twitched on his trigger. “We’ll start with newest passengers first,” the guy said in broken standard tongue.
Smith had to hide his surprise with another cough. “Okay. The passengers should still be in their quarters. Come this way.”
… What the hell was going on here?
Had he inadvertently picked up somebody who’d pissed off Mr. Gray?
For a second, his thoughts ticked toward Jane. He’d already confirmed she was running from something, but before he could join the dots and conclude Mr. Gray was here for her, he practically chucked his head back and chuckled.
Jane had obviously never been off-world, and though Laroka Two was a hotspot for scavengers, it was also a backwater planet in a backwater section of the galaxy.
And hell, even if she had somehow come across one of Mr. Gray’s gangs and angered them, she wouldn’t have gotten off-world in the first place.
So it had to be someone else.
Who?
He’d picked up three other passengers on Laroka, and all of them seemed dodgy, but could any of them really justify a personal visit from one of the most wanted men in the galaxy?
Smith’s thoughts were in overdrive as he finally reached the main passenger deck.
As soon as the security incident with Farno had started, Terriz would have locked every single passenger in their rooms.
Which sure was convenient, because it meant Smith didn’t have to go far to find everyone.
He started off with passenger quarters number one.
Jamming his thumb into the button beside the door that would override the room lock Terriz would’ve put in place, he waited until the biometric scanner picked up his identity and overrode the lock code.
The door opened.
The main merc was right beside him, looming like a goddamn mountain.
There was a creak of armor as the guy shifted, ticking his gaze over the room and the scared male occupant within.
The guy was an accountant or something. Though the term accountant on a world like Laroka Two usually meant somebody who could transfer funds easily between backwater accounts to avoid detection.
He was huddled down on the edge of his bed, his eyes wide with terror as they ticked from Smith to the merc.
The merc walked in, plucked a scanner module off his belt, twisted it several times, then growled in disgust. “Next room,” he spat.
Smith complied.
In under half an hour, they’d completely assessed every passenger, no matter how long they’d been aboard.
Though it was now abundantly clear that Mr. Gray was looking for something, it was also clear he wasn’t finding it. And as he failed, the mercenaries behind Smith got all the angrier. Every single creak of armored joints and, importantly, hands tightening in anticipation over triggers, sent thrills chasing up Smith’s spine.
As the door of the last passenger closed in front of Smith, he gathered the balls to turn, look right at the primary mercenary, and shrug. He even latched a hand onto his chin and pulled it over his stubble covered jaw. “That’s it. That’s everyone.”
“Then we move on to the crew,” the Prince said through the merc.
Smith hid his displeasure. He’d been hoping that Mr. Gray would just give up, appreciate this was a lost cause, and negotiate for the cargo instead to cut his losses.
When Smith didn’t move immediately to lead them to the crew quarters, the head mercenary parted his lips with a deep growl. “Now. You will not waste any more time.” Again it was the Prince speaking, and Smith could pick up the edge of anger and desperation echoing through his tone. That’s right, desperation.
Smith wasn’t making it up. Which meant Mr. Gray had to be running out of time.
As Smith turned and walked toward the crew quarters, a deep frown curled his lips. He brought up a hand and scratched his brow, his nails dragging down the side of his left temple as if he wanted to reach into his brain and dig out the answers about what the hell was happening.
They were out in the middle of nowhere space, at least three days away at top engine speed until they reached the closest habitable world. And yet the more he peered into this operation, it seemed as if the Prince couldn’t afford to waste another second. He really doubted the Prince had some pressing party to go to. No, from the tensed way the soldiers were working, it seemed as if they were rushing so they weren’t interrupted.
As soon as that thought struck Smith, it was as if electricity had been inserted into his spine. It slammed up his back, sinking into his hindbrain, and it fizzled, feeling like a pulse of pure nervous energy.
What if Mr. Gray was worried the Royal Guards were onto him?
It was the only thing that made sense. Mr. Gray had consolidated his power in this arm of the Milky Way. Though of course he had enemies, none would be foolish enough to take him on directly.
There was one force he would still hide from, however.
Smith found himself walking taller, hope finally infiltrating his heart.
He swept through the crew quarters, even taking the mercs to his own room.
He was more than thankful for the fact that the notes he’d written on Mr. Gray and the Royal family had been destroyed last night in anticipation of heading to Galatax Prime.
Once the mercenaries were done with his room, Smith could see the anger and fear playing in their gazes, none more so than the leader. It was clear that the Prince still had control of the man, and as his lips pulled into two thin white lines, his fear was obvious.
Just as Smith began to relax, the main mercenary took a step toward him. “Is this all your crew?” There was a certain note in his voice that made Smith stiffen.
No, it wasn’t all his crew. He’d left out Jane.
Fair enough, because he hadn’t actually given her proper crew quarters to sleep in. He’d given her a cupboard with nothing more than a bed.
He’d hoped to get away with leaving her out, but now as he looked at the hard line of the main mercenary’s lips, he realized he was a fool for thinking he could.
The Prince would already have access to the crew manifest, and that would have been more than enough to notify him of Jane’s existence.
So Smith took a breath. “All the primary crew, yeah. There’s an insignificant deckhand,” he tried.
The main mercenary took another angry, reverberating step toward him. “You will take us to her quarters now,” the Prince spat through the man’s lips.
Smith tried to hide his reaction, but he knew his lips twitched, and he knew that the Prince damn well saw it through the mercenary’s eyes.
It was too late to hide his reaction with a well-placed cough or chuckle, so Smith simply turned heavily on his boot and led them to Jane’s quarters.
He stopped in front of them, and the mercenary did the rest.
Rather than open the door with the correct code, the guy brought up his gun and shot the panel. It erupted in a cascade of sparks, and the door slid to, a few splatters of molten metal splashing onto the floor and singeing the brown floor plating.
The mercenary walked through.
The guy could only barely fit into the room – it was a cupboard, after all.
The thing about cupboards is they don’t take very long to search.
Thinking back, Smith knew for a fact that Jane hadn’t brought any luggage on board with her. Just the clothes she’d been wearing and… that weapon.
She’d had a weapon holstered at her hip, hidden under her cloak. At the time, Smith had used it as obvious evidence that she’d been on the run.
Now something twitched in his gut as it told him not demanding to see that weapon would be the greatest mistake of his life.
The merc leader didn’t tear the plating off the walls looking for whatever the hell it was Mr. Gray was after. He pulled up that small scanner again. As soon as he opened it, three holographic circles appeared over the display and something beeped. A red light shot out from the display, lining up with a point underneath Jane’s bed.
Smith felt the blood drain from his cheeks, this cold pressure sweeping through his jaw, down into his neck, and through his chest. It didn’t just feel as if he’d swallowed ice melt. It felt as if someone was getting ready to gag him.
The merc leader snapped down to one knee, brought a hand forward, ripped a metal case off the storage bay underneath Jane’s bed, and pulled something out.
As soon as Smith’s eyes locked on it, he almost lost it.
He had been prepared for a lot – from banned goods to illegal weapons.
But this?
It was a Royal family palset gun.
A Royal Guard gun, to be exact. It wasn’t the precise modular shape that gave it away – it was the unique green energy source lodged into the butt of the gun, the one that always left a lingering trail of light no matter where you swung it, as if, just like the Royal family themselves, you could never forget where they’d been.
Smith tried to control himself, goddammit he tried to control himself.
But he knew his skin became as cold as the tail of a comet, his heart beating so ferociously, a medical scanner would be able to pick it up from several decks away.
What the hell was Jane doing with a Royal Guard gun?
From the way the merc considered it as he held it aloft, it was obvious it was what he’d been after.
His lips twitched, those two little metal pins suddenly letting out many almost imperceptible charges into the man’s muscles until a full-bodied grin marched across his face.
He let the gun swing down, and the merc’s visor turned toward Smith. “Where—”
Smith was shaking, his hands trembling in total confusion, but somewhere in the back of his mind he appreciated he had to do something, say something. So he snapped his hands up, his fingers spreading wide. “I had no idea that was on board. What… what is it?” he forced himself to add to ensure it didn’t sound like he knew that was a Royal Guard gun.
“Irrelevant. Where is the person who owns this?”
“I—”
“You will take us there now. Now,” the Merc said as he took one more angry step toward Smith. Considering this cupboard was really only two steps long, that brought him right up in Smith’s face.
More importantly, it brought the Prince right up in Smith’s face, too.
The Prince had somehow known this was on board, but how? And why? Why the hell did Jane have it?
Smith wanted to tell himself that his assessment of her couldn’t be wrong. She looked as if she’d never been off-world, so had she come across this gun on Laroka?
Wait, that made perfect sense. Perhaps she’d stolen into one of the Prince’s caches of Royal family technology he’d acquired from that cruiser accident a year ago. Somehow she’d slipped it past his mercenaries on Laroka, and she’d fled.
And now she’d brought all of that trouble to Smith’s door.
“Bring us to her now,” the merc spat, his lips so white, they looked as if they’d been drawn onto his face with light paint.
Smith brought a hand up. “I don’t know where she is. Scan for her,” he tried, knowing full well that the design of the Celestial Barge meant that anyone hiding in the service ducts could not be scanned for. They were all reinforced lest there was some kind of leak from any of the gravity generators. Considering the generators crisscrossed throughout the entire ship, and weren’t just kept in a single location, that meant that all access to them had to be reinforced with a special ore that was impenetrable to scanning beams.
“Take us to her now,” the Prince spat louder. Maybe it was a testament to the Prince’s sheer desperation, because he now took so much control of the Merc’s voice, the man’s accent changed.
Smith latched a hand on the back of his head, sweat transferring onto his short hair. “If she was carrying a gun like that, whatever that gun is,” Smith forced himself to add quickly, “then I’m assuming she went to ground as soon as she caught wind of the fact we were being boarded.”
It was an honest enough answer – Smith was just leaving out the part where he’d told her to hide.
Told her to hide….
He was a goddamn idiot. Why the hell had he let her on board in the first place? He should have trusted his gut instincts that a woman like her would only bring trouble wherever she went.
Yeah, maybe there’d been something to her after the incident in the tunnels, after the fact she’d saved his life three times, but he was still an idiot.
The galaxy was full of sob stories, people whose luck had been crushed by circumstance. If you found yourself being pulled in by every story, and worse, attempting to help every lost soul, you would become lost yourself. And Smith had a much greater purpose.
His jaw hardened as he stared at the back of the main mercenary’s skull. The man powered into the corridor, moving quickly, obviously believing Smith’s story that he had no idea where Jane could be.
The merc didn’t bark out orders at the rest of his men, but Smith was smart enough to appreciate that he didn’t have to.
The Prince would have control over the rest of the mercenaries, and right now, they were fanning out in various directions, looking for service tunnels. One found one, practically punching down to his knee with the force to buckle the floor plating beneath him. Rather than interact with the panel beside the small, 80-centimeters squared hatch door, he simply grabbed a gauntleted hand onto the panel and ripped it off. It exposed a long line of flickering neuro wire.
Either he was a man with a death wish – or the Prince didn’t care what he did with his underlings – because the merc shoved his hand into the neural wiring, grabbed the manual release, and twisted.
His sophisticated armor was enough to deal with the discharging energy that lapped up the side of his metal arm, sunk into his torso, and rippled into the floor plating.
Smith danced back a meter so he couldn’t be caught by the discharging energy.
The hatch door opened with a hiss, but obviously didn’t open fast enough for the Prince. The merc reached forward, latched a hand onto it, and tore it open all of the way, buckling the metal with such vicious ease, it told Smith that if one of those hands latched onto his skull, it could shatter it with the ease of a hammer smashing a nut.
There was one thing on Jane’s side, something the merc found all too quickly as he attempted to cram himself into the service duct. These soldiers were big – every single one of them, culminating in the leader who was at least eight-feet tall. And alien mercenaries who were eight feet tall could not fit into service tunnels made by aliens who maxed out at three feet.
As one of the mercenaries hilariously tried to cram himself in, the shoulder units of his armor creating sparks as he attempted to drag them past the hatch opening, the main merc turned to Smith. “You will find her, and you will bring her to the hangar bay, or we will kill every single person on the ship.”
Smith looked up into the man’s face, and he attempted to control his expression. But to hell with it, why control anything?
He let fear – the genuine fear that was riding up his stomach and plunging into his back – crumple his brow and whiten his cheeks. “I don’t know what kind of gun that is,” he emphasized one more time, “but if she managed to sneak aboard without my knowledge, then what’s to say she doesn’t have other weaponry?”
“You will go in there, and you will find her. You will bring her to the hangar bay. You have five minutes.”
Smith was a large man himself, even larger with this contamination suit on. But at least if he took it off, he could actually squeeze into those tunnels, though it was a damn close fit. The few times he’d been in them, by the time he’d gotten to his destination, his shoulders and legs had been so chafed, he’d almost considered a quick skin graft to soothe the pain.
He forced himself to look up into the mercenary’s visor, ensuring he didn’t blink once. “The ship might not look like much from the outside, but it’s got kilometers of service ducts—”
“Five minutes,” the man spat, spittle flying off and dashing against Smith’s cheeks.
He didn’t turn away, and God knows he didn’t pull up a hand to wipe it off.
“It will be impossible to find her if she doesn’t want to be found—”
“Four minutes,” the Prince roared. Now there was no doubting it. The echo in his voice, the pitch of his words, and more than anything, his accent.
The Royal family all had a rich, lyrical, baritone accent, and even if Smith hadn’t been a Royal Guard, any fool who’d had any dealings with them would be able to recognize it now.
The fact that the Prince was no longer trying to hide it and he was failing to control his voice meant he was desperate – utterly desperate to get to Jane.
What he would do to her once he found her… Smith couldn’t even finish the thought.
When Prince Alberon had left the Royal family and built the persona of Mr. Gray, he’d become a twisted scavenger through and through. He would know precisely how to kill, and he would think nothing of it once the deed was done.
Smith knew if he pushed any further, he’d just be shot.
He started to pull off his contamination suit, unlocking it from within and feeling the broken but thankfully still functional computer unit release the seal on his body.
When it looked as if he was taking too much time, the lead mercenary snapped forward and simply wrenched the suit off him, breaking the back unit with all the ease of somebody tearing at paper.
Smith didn’t swear at the man to get his hands off him. He simply stood there as the contamination suit pulled away from him like dying petals from a rose.
“Move,” the Prince spat through the mercenary one more time.
So Smith moved. He pushed down to his knees, crammed himself into the service duct, and crawled.
All the while, his desperate mind tried to find a solution, a plan, something.
He’d heard it in the Prince’s tone. He would kill every single person on the ship if Smith didn’t find Jane. And that would include Smith.
And dammit, Smith would not fail his mission, not when he was this close, not when Prince Alberon was on the same damn ship as him.
So Smith crawled faster. He had four minutes to find Jane.
He’d need it.
Because Smith had just wandered into something he could not fathom. He would need all his Royal Guard training and more to escape.
Chapter 9
Sierra
She didn’t move.
The grip around her middle told her not to.
It was stronger than ever, so present, so unmistakable.
And it was calling to her, begging her to stay still.
Her eyes were squeezed shut, the skin around them so tight, she knew if she ever opened them again, it would take hours for the muscles to stop firing.
With her teeth clenched together, and her hand clutched around her pendant, she waited out the minutes.
The alarms had stopped blaring long ago. She didn’t think for an instant that meant that the ship was no longer in danger. It simply meant that whoever had boarded it had quickly and efficiently gotten control of all systems. Which was just as terrifying as it sounded. Though she’d only just become acquainted with the Celestial Barge’s security protocols, while they weren’t the best in the galaxy, they were still sophisticated enough that it would take some time to hack through every system.
Which meant one thing. Whichever ship wranglers had boarded, they were truly competent and well-equipped.
Though part of her – the old part – wanted her to run, make it to an escape pod, and attempt to flee, her pendant wouldn’t allow her.
Every time she twitched, about to give in to the urge to crawl further into the ship and find a new place to hide, the grip around her tightened, holding her fast.
She could hear it occasionally, too – a few whispered words by her ear. She wasn’t making them up. She now appreciated she’d heard that same reassuring, deep baritone voice back on Laroka just after she fled her house. It had whispered in her ear to wait, then to run. It had saved her life from that Royal Guard ship.
And now it saved her life again as it pleaded with her to stay exactly where she was as help was coming, it promised. Help was coming.
She’d stopped crying minutes ago – she didn’t appear to have any more tears left.
Her cheeks were cold, and the rest of her felt as if it had been dragged through ice. Her senses were still working, none more so than her hearing. Now the pitching alarm had been switched off, she could focus on every single creak, no matter how minor. So she heard someone crawling toward her as fast as they could, from the fabric of their clothes grating against the cramped walls of the tunnel, to their percussive breath.
Her gut twitched, kicking as if a horse had bucked into her. She jolted, intending to run, but once more the presence told her not to. Her help, it promised, was finally here.
By the time she saw a figure climbing up the short ladder that dropped off three meters to her side leading to a lower section of the tunnel, she was ready to pop.
Then she saw his face.
“Smith?” she gasped, incapable of keeping hold of her relief. It washed through her, the strongest sensation she’d ever felt.
He pulled himself up the last rung and kneeled down in the service duct, that section at least high enough that he didn’t have to instantly crouch down on all fours.
He was several meters away, but she could still make out his expression perfectly. His lips were pressed tight, as thin as they could be. His brow was compressed and rigid, leading down to two wide, precisely focused eyes.
It was an expression she’d never seen the likes of. She couldn’t begin to tell what was going on in his mind. “… Smith?”
“You goddamn idiot. You goddamn bloody idiot,” he spat, his voice arcing high, yet never becoming loud enough that his scream could echo down the shaft.
That ghostly presence might have promised her that help was coming, but as Smith screamed at her, she jolted, her shoulder banging against the metal wall behind her. “What?”
“I knew you were trouble the moment you came aboard. I should have kicked you off. Now you’re going to get everyone killed.”
She didn’t understand. She’d thought she’d had no more tears left to cry, but now they trailed down her cheeks, cold as they danced and trembled along her jaw bone and dashed onto the collar of her uniform. She didn’t bother to wipe them away with the base of her palm. She stared in fear at Smith as he crawled right up to her.
Now the expression on his face was unmistakable. It was rigid with anger, desperation, and something else.
She saw his brow compress, practically with the force to crush steel. “You brought them to the ship. You goddamn fool.”
“Them? What are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about the Royal Guard gun in your quarters,” he spat, his voice more vicious than she’d ever heard it.
His tone almost – almost – distracted from what he’d said. The realization of those two words struck her with a force equivalent to a heavy cruiser to her chest.
Royal Guard.
She shrunk back, her body crumpling in on itself, her arms still wrapped around her knees. She felt as if she was attempting to whither in front of him so there would be nothing for him to grab hold of, nothing to question, nothing for him to stare daggers into. But there was nowhere to go, and if she thought for an instant Smith would let her leave, she was wrong. He quickly darted out a hand, locked it around her wrist, and yanked her forward. The move was strong, trained, and impossible to fight.
Her lips jerked open. “I didn’t—”
“Know who you were dealing with? You stole a Royal Guard gun from Mr. Gray,” he spat.
“What?” She couldn’t keep the confusion from her tone. She was sure it blasted over her face, too.
It gave Smith a moment’s pause. He pressed his lips together, and they drew like a fault line across his face until finally they snaked open. “You stole a Royal Guard gun from Mr. Gray, and he obviously wants it back. He’s been tracking you to get it. And that’s why he’s on board.”
“Who’s Mr. Gray?”
He let out a laugh, his grip still hard and fast around her wrist. “It makes sense that you wouldn’t even know who you were stealing from. You goddamn idiot,” he spat again, another wave of vicious anger striking him, paling his cheeks, and sending a pulse of terror ricocheting through her chest.
So much for that little voice in her head telling her Smith was here to help her.
Sure enough, he yanked her wrist, pulling her out of her alcove.
“What are you doing?” she begged.
“There’s nothing I can do. It’s you or the rest of my crew. I can’t let him die for you.”
“Who’s Mr. Gray? Please, tell me what’s going on.”
“For the last time, you stole from him, grabbed a Royal Guard gun from one of his caches on Laroka, and brought him to my doorstep.”
“I didn’t steal it from him,” she blurted before she could catch up to what she was saying.
Smith paused and turned. It was a hard move, and he had to use his whole body in order to twist around and glare at her in the dark. “Who did you steal it from, then?”
Clarice’s warning slammed back into Sierra’s mind, cold, brutal, and with the power of a tsunami. It would’ve blasted her off her feet had Smith not been holding her with a death grip.
Smith’s eyes narrowed. “I don’t care about your story,” he decided abruptly. “I don’t care about your lies. Mr. Gray wants you, and he’s going to get you.”
“Please, I don’t know who he is, but please, don’t hand me over. I haven’t done anything wrong.”
“You stole from a scavenger, and I can tell you in a scavenger’s books, that’s about as wrong as it gets.”
“I didn’t steal from a scavenger,” she blurted once more. “I stole that gun from—” she began. She stopped.
Smith paused. “From whom?”
She pressed her lips together tightly, tears streaking down her cheeks and tumbling over her chin.
His lips parted, the left side of his top lip kinking hard into a violent grimace. “I don’t care. Mr. Gray wants you, so he’ll get you,” he said for the second time.
The tears tracked down her cheeks freely, now coming from some inexhaustible supply. They felt like the kind of tears you could cry no matter how exhausted you were and no matter how dehydrated.
They were tears of loss but, more than anything, impending doom.
She took a shaking breath.

Smith soon got sick and tired of waiting for her to blurt out her secret, and he yanked her harshly toward the ladder. He paused in front of it, obviously assessing how he’d manhandle her down.
He didn’t stop long. It was clear from not just his pressured movements, but his complete change of personality that he didn’t have time to waste.
Sierra’s mind bent in torturous circles as she questioned what the hell was going to happen to her.
Clarice had warned that the Royal family would come for her, but whoever this Mr. Gray was, he didn’t sound like he was associated with the Zenith family. He sounded like he was nothing more than a glorified organized criminal. So why was he after her?
Smith obviously decided the only way to get her down the ladder was to carry her, and the next thing she knew, despite the cramped space, he rolled her over one shoulder.
If she’d wanted to, she could have taken the opportunity to kick him in the head, to fight back. She didn’t.
He was quick, and in a few short seconds, his boots thumped down against the base of the shaft. At least this section of the shaft was tall enough to stand in.
Or maybe that wasn’t a good thing, because it gave him all the space he needed to turn, his teeth still gritted as he faced her with the angry attention one could only ever hold for a criminal. “Get down on your hands and knees and crawl. Unless you want every single person on this ship to die because of you, crawl,” he spat.
“But I don’t understand. Why is this man after me?”
“Because of the gun,” he snapped.
She couldn’t hold it in anymore. That whispered voice in her mind had lied. Smith wasn’t here to save her. She could see it in his eyes. He was going to hand her to whoever this Mr. Gray was. And though she couldn’t appreciate why he wanted her, she knew enough about men without any scruples to appreciate if she fell into his clutches, she’d never be free again. She squeezed her eyes shut. “I didn’t steal it from someone called Mr. Gray. I… I stole it from a Royal Guard I killed,” she said.
He stilled. She couldn’t see his expression, but his body became as quiet as the grave.
She took a shuddering breath and opened one eye. It was to the sight of him standing there, his hand still clutched around hers, his face as white as a sheet. “What?”
She wanted to shudder back, but with the hard line of the ladder behind her, where could she go? And more importantly, with the hard edge of his deathly gaze in front of her, she was sure there wouldn’t be anywhere in the galaxy she’d be able to hide from him.
She took another shuddering breath. “I stole it from a Royal Guard,” she said once more. “He… tried to—”
Despite the fact there was hardly any distance between them, he closed it in a snap, pushing into her, her back jarring against the metal rungs of the ladder.
Her eyes widened until they couldn’t widen anymore, and her breath became trapped in her chest.
He was looking at her with such a sharp, deadly keen awareness, it was as if his eyes had been programmed by a supercomputer to detect lies.
She pressed a breath from her white lips. “There was nothing I could do. He—”
“Say it one more time.”
She shuddered, but that didn’t stop her from cracking her lips open. “I stole it from a Royal Guard,” she said, and though her voice was nothing more than a croaked whisper, he picked it up.
He jerked back, the oddest expression crumpling his features. It was one of confusion, suspicion, and something else. He brought up his free hand, latched it on his chin, and pressed his fingers in until the tips of them became as white as his tensed knuckles. “This doesn’t make any sense. You’re not lying, are you?” He darted his gaze up sharply.
She took a tight breath. “No. So who is Mr. Gray?”
He slid his gaze toward her. Suddenly his expression, which had been completely unguarded before, closed down with all the speed and strength of somebody shutting hangar bay doors. “Why did you kill this guard again?” he demanded.
She shook her head. “He….” She could hear Clarice’s warning reverberating through her skull. But though it had once been the sharpest memory she’d ever had, now it was becoming dull. In its place, she swore her pendant was begging her to open up to Smith. But why? The pendant couldn’t possibly have her best interests at heart, because she could tell from one look into Smith’s eyes, he didn’t care about her. From the way his brow crumpled when she’d admitted she’d stolen the gun from a Royal Guard, he’d looked as if he wanted to shoot her on the spot.
“You’ve got seconds, goddamn seconds to tell me the truth. Out there,” he bared his teeth and flicked his head behind in the direction of the rest of the ship, “my crew are depending on your appearance. So you give me one good reason why I shouldn’t hand you over to Mr. Gray.”
She squeezed her eyes closed. There was an old human saying she’d once heard. It was about being stuck between a rock and a hard place. She’d never understood it until now. If she told him the truth, from the look in his eyes, she was certain he would crack and punish her. But at the same time, her pendant was begging, begging her to do it. Her better reason won out. “I don’t know. A Royal Guard came to my house and killed the woman I lived with. I came home and saw…” she trailed off as that god-awful memory blasted into her mind. The blood, Clarice’s beaten body, the pendant, all of it.
Smith didn’t give her any time. He tightened his grip on her wrist, his strength just a touch below bruising her. “Why would a Royal Guard kill the woman you live with? Was she a scavenger? Was She involved in stealing from the cruiser that crashed last year on your planet?”
She wanted to know how on earth he knew about that, but she was starting to appreciate that Smith was more than he seemed. More than enough, in fact, to note the way her cheeks paled as she opened her lips. Before she could force a lie out and confirm what he’d said, he pushed right up against her, his blazing gaze like a laser directed right at the center of her eyes. “Before you lie, don’t bother. You tell me the truth. This is your last chance,” he spat. “And while you’re there, what’s your real name?”
She finally caved in. Completely. There was no point in fighting anymore.
“My name is Sierra. She… the woman I lived with was Clarice… she said she fled from them.” Once the words were out, they stuck in the air.
Smith momentarily lost control of his expression again, and his brow crumpled with total confusion. “Fled from whom?” he asked specifically.
“The Royal family,” she said.
There had to be an important distinction in what she’d revealed – a world-breaking distinction – because as soon as she said that, his cheeks became as white as ice.
“Who was she?” he snapped, his voice so low, she could barely pick it up.
She shook her head. “I don’t know.”
“Who was she?” he roared.
Sierra just shook her head once more.
Smith opened his mouth to scream, but then his gaze darted down to her amulet, or at least the bulk of it pushing through her uniform. Before she could stop him, he snapped forward, grabbed the chain locked around the back of her neck, and pulled.
She tried to grasp hold of his hand and push him off, but there was nothing she could do. His move was too strong and far, far too quick.
As soon as he pulled it out, his features slackened.
It wasn’t a reaction she was expecting.
From the anger pulsing through him, she’d expected him to take one look at the pendant and pound her into bone dust.
But the look on his face?
Was practically one of awe.
It forced her to take a shuddering breath. “I don’t know what it is. Please—”
Before she knew what he was doing, with a controlled hand, he clasped her fingers, brought them up, and dropped the pendant into it.
As soon as it touched her, it began to spin.
Smith’s jaw slackened. His face changed. She swore his features shifted, almost as if a mask was falling from his face.
His brow hardened, but his lips slackened further as they opened wide over his teeth. “You’re a dream shaman,” he croaked.
As soon as the words were out of his lips, this buzzing filled her head.
This sharp, piercing buzzing that threatened to send her to her knees and pull her into unconsciousness.
More tears touched her cheeks, and they trailed long lines of cold dread down her face.
She hissed through a breath. “Please don’t hurt me,” she stuttered. “I don’t know what that is. I don’t know what this is,” she said as she motioned to the pendant with a shaking, trembling hand. “I didn’t do anything wrong.”
This was where Smith, if he was in his right mind, would point out that she’d brought trouble onto his ship. He didn’t breathe a word. He simply kept swinging his gaze from the pendant to her.
Finally he pulled himself out of his reverie. He tightened his grip on her wrist, but this time it was wholly different. His fingers were no longer like five stiff cold sticks of steel. Instead, they closed around her wrist with an almost protective presence.
“You will come with me. You will stay quiet. You understand?”
She shook her head. “What’s going on? Aren’t you taking me to—”
“There’s no way I’m taking you to that bastard,” he said, voice low and quick. She caught sight of the side of his face as he swung his direct gaze from left to right, either assessing this cramped duct, or his narrowing options.
“What’s going on?”
He didn’t breathe a word to her. He simply pulled her forward, never letting go – never letting go. For the first time since he’d found her in the tunnels, she felt it again. The confusing sensation that equated Smith with whatever curious power and ghostly touch came from her pendant.
He didn’t say a word to her – not a damn word as he pulled her through the ducts, further into the belly of the ship. She had no idea where he was going. Worse, she had no idea what was going on in his head. It was clear he’d recognized the pendant. That was the only thing that was clear. Wait. His grip and his unmistakable reassuring presence could not be denied. But nor could she learn anything from it.
It wasn’t until they reached a section of the ship close to the port side hull that he finally stopped.
The tunnels in this area of the service ducts were even smaller than further into the ship. Smith didn’t let that stop him. It seemed nothing in this damn galaxy would stop him, not judging by the single-pointed focus crumpling his brow and spreading his lips thin over his teeth.
Smith shifted around on his hands and knees, obviously looking for something. With a jerked movement of his hand, he finally found it.
He started to intensely scrutinize some apparently plain, featureless wall panel.
After a full two minutes of watching him, Sierra couldn’t take it anymore. As Smith stared at an apparently plain section of wall with the fixity of somebody looking for a diamond in the rough, she pressed close. Despite the fact there could be nobody around in these cramped tunnels, she still ensured her voice was as quiet as it could be. “What are you doing?”
Smith let out a desperate hiss, turning to her sharply as he brought up a finger and pressed it hard against his lips.
She almost let it carry her into submission, but the confusion and uncertainty became too much. She shook her head. “I thought you said Mr. Gray was going to kill people unless you brought me to him. Why are we here?”
“Because there’s now no way I’m going to let him get his hands on you,” Smith said, his voice dropping down low and reverberating hard.
There was something about it that sent a thrill chasing up her spine.
He was doing it again – looking completely different to the arrogant transport captain he was meant to be.
It wasn’t just his voice; it was the sheer ferocity behind his gaze. It was unquestionably the look of a man who knew precisely how to get what he wanted. And though Smith Falcon had always looked that way, to some degree, what Smith Falcon had always wanted had been self-preservation and money. Now?
Now he looked as if he would do anything to protect her.
She had no idea whatsoever what Smith was looking for, but a second later, when he let out an obvious gasp of satisfaction, he shifted forward, brought his knuckles up, and rapped them hard on an apparently plain section of metal. She thought he was losing his mind until something happened.
There was a flicker, and in an instant, she realized he’d just deactivated some kind of cloaking mechanism. There was another flicker as Smith brought his hand forward, placing his palm and fingers flat beside the hologram. It had to have some kind of shielded biometric input, because after a few seconds, she heard something click. The next thing she knew, that apparently plain section of wall disappeared, and in its place, she saw a hatch.
She gasped in surprise. “What’s going on?”
He turned to her sharply, that look blazing in his eyes again. The look that had never left him since he’d clapped eyes on her pendant. It was the look of a man who’d seen a sight that should be impossible, like a crack in the universe, or a ghost, or hell, judging by the slightly awed way he was staring at her, a god.
“What’s going on?” she stammered as she pointed to the hatch.
“It’s a cloaked escape pod. One Mr. Gray won’t be able to pick up until we’re far enough away that he won’t be able to do anything about it. Now get in.”
“But we can’t leave the crew.”
“He won’t touch them,” he growled. “He’s only after you.”
“But you said before he would kill them unless he got his hands on me. What’s going on?” She didn’t control her volume. There was no point. There was nobody in these tunnels. But there was one thing she had to do. She couldn’t follow this man blindly anymore.
Maybe that conclusion played over her face, because Smith’s jaw hardened. “Look, we don’t have time for games. We have to get you off this ship before the Prince gets creative and desperate.”
One little word snaked into her consciousness, feeling as if it was a hammer that had been slammed into the back of her head. It had so much power, she almost doubled backward. There was nothing she could do to stop that sudden, intense emotional reaction from paling her cheeks, drawing them slack, and opening her eyes wide. “P-p-prince?”
At first it looked as if Smith was angry that he’d let that slip, then it became obvious that he was distracted by the intensity of her reaction.
Despite the fact he’d already clutched a hand onto the manual release wheel of the hatch door, he still leaned close, his sharp gaze flickering over her face. “You don’t know him, do you? He didn’t find you on Laroka, did he?” He spoke so quickly, his lips were just tight white lines of tension.
This was all too much.
When she didn’t answer, Smith snapped his lips open to desperately repeat his question.
She took a breath and shook her head. “I don’t know any princes,” she forced herself to say, even though her voice shook strangely with every word.
It was true. Of course she didn’t know any princes. Royalty hardly hung around scavenger worlds getting sand in their boots.
So what was this? The tension in her chest, the strange sensation climbing her throat and clutching around her jaw?
She’d only ever had emotional reactions as strong as this around real events – Clarice’s death and when the orphanage had been destroyed back on Laroka. But right now, her body was acting as if she didn’t just simply know a prince – she’d known one her entire damn life.
She shook her head desperately, a few new tears streaking down her cheeks.
There would have been a time when Sierra would’ve balked at showing emotion – especially around a hardened transport captain like Smith. Because men like Smith would only ever use emotion to wound you. But there was no way she could stop herself.
Something was coming out of her from a place that had been buried her entire life. She could feel this aching hole in her chest, incidentally precisely where the pendant sat.
On autopilot, she brought her fingers down, scooped up the exposed pendant, and pushed it down her top.
Smith noted her every move with the sharpest gaze she’d ever seen.
Though it was clear he wanted to know her every secret, at that exact moment, a strange shudder passed through the ship. She had no idea what it was, but Smith obviously did. His eyes widened with a blast as if someone had injected gas into them.
He shot forward, latched his hand on the manual release wheel, and began turning it as hard as he could. All the while, he kept staring over his shoulders, obviously expecting some kind of attack.
Though all she wanted to do was question him, she didn’t dare distract him. Because that ghostly touch was back. It was pressing against her lips, telling her not to utter a word.
There was another shudder, this one strong enough that it almost threw her off her feet. Before her balance could be upset, Smith reached around, without shifting his focus from the hatch door, and shored up her stance as he grabbed her arm.
His grip was unquestionably firm, but it wholly lacked the angry edge he’d used when he’d come across her in the service duct.
That fact led to one question she could no longer push away. “Who are you?”
Her demand had a measurable effect on Smith. Despite the fact he was wildly staring left and right down the tunnel, obviously expecting an attack at any moment, his fingers still tightened, snapping around her wrist with the sudden pulse of somebody who was trying to keep a tight hold on some secret.
He didn’t answer.
The hatch in front of him opened. There was a hiss of atmosphere, and small white clouds of gas shifted up and around him.
He threw himself in, never releasing his grip on her arm as he pulled her with him.
Though her first inclination was to ask what on earth was going on, as soon as he pulled her through the hatch, she became distracted by the escape pod.
She gasped. “Where did this come from? I’ve never seen this design. And how on earth did you cloak it on the side of the hull?”
“There’s no time for questions,” he snapped as, still holding onto her hand, he pulled her into the ship.
She could have resisted. There was no point.
Even if it weren’t for that ghostly grip telling her to trust him, she would’ve done it anyway.
For this sense of immediacy was pressing in on her from all sides. It was a sensation she’d never felt before. It was a sense of quickening, gravitas, and importance – and all of it was pressing down on her shoulders, enshrouding her like an embrace from behind.
It felt like his hands, his presence, his warmth, and his warning. The invisible man who’d followed her since the day she’d been born.
The King resting in her consciousness.
It was time to go out into the galaxy and find him, for the time when all would need him was upon the Milky Way once more….
The end of A Time of Kings Episode One. This series is complete and there are four episodes in total. You can continue the story in A Time of Kings Episode Two today.
More sci-fi series by Odette C. Bell
Lighter Space Operas
These titles are packed with action and adventure, but they have lighter characters. The stakes are still high, but the writing is quirkier and the pacing slower. Fun fact – Lucky Star and The Betwixt were the first sci-fis I ever wrote.
The Betwixt
Lucky Star
A Plain Jane

Darker Space Action
These heroines and heroes don’t have time for anything but action. The stakes are the entire universe, so they have to get a hustle on. These books are quick and the themes are darker.

The Crucible
Star Soldier
Ghost of Mind

Genuine Space Opera
These books are true space operas. From arrogant princes to kick-ass heroines, expect fast-paced dramatic plots that will take you across the galaxy and back again.
A Princess Rising
A Time of Kings
Betrothed
Shattered Destiny (which is the sister series of Betrothed)
Star Destiny
Finder’s Gate


Galactic Coalition Academy Meta-Series
A Galactic Coalition Academy is a continuing meta-series. It is set in the same universe and centers around the adventures of graduates and recruits of the Coalition Academy. Every series is pure space opera. Box sets are available for series 1-5.
Ouroboros (Series 1)
Broken (Series 2)
Axira (Series 3)
The Lost Star (Series 4)
Fractured Mind (Series 5)
Ava (Series 6)
Vira (Series 7)
War Begins (Series 8)
The Admiral (Series 9)
The Eye of the Gods (Series 10)

