A World Unseen


Short Stories By
Cassidy Raine Wolters, Jon Flushing, Doug Ward, Jerry Clark, B.C. Richards, Leonard Herrington, April Ward


A World Unseen 2021

Cassidy Raine Wolters, Jon Flushing, Doug Ward, Jerry Clark, B.C. Richards, Leonard Herrington, April Ward


Smashwords Edition

Introduction

Did you ever witness something that was so far from normal that you didn't dare tell anyone about it?  This is a collection of short stories in that vein.  Tales of cryptids and the paranormal that are so outlandish they can't possibly be true.  Or so your mind would have you believe.  From hair-raising encounters to bizarre life forms, these tales will surely chill you to the bones.  So if you ever saw something out of the corner of your eye only to have it disappear when you looked that way, this book is for you.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors.

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writers’ imaginations or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.


Other fine books by these authors include:

Tome of Terror
The Forging or the Ring
Tales from the Grimacing Goblin
Future Imperfect


Contents

The Devil and Cleopatra  Jon Flushing, Leonard Herrington, B.C. Richards
A Curious Night in the Forest  April Ward
13 Bends  Doug Ward
House of Straw  Cassidy Raine Wolters
The Grey Area  Jerry Clark
The Trail  Doug Ward
Subterranean Part 1 - The Great White Worm  Cassidy Raine Wolters
Part 2 - That Which Survives  Cassidy Raine Wolters
Let Us In  Doug Ward
The Thing in The Jar  Cassidy Raine Wolters
About the Authors


Let the stories begin.


The Devil and Cleopatra  
By Jon Flushing, Leonard Herrington, B.C. Richards

His phone buzzed on the nightstand.  Simon reached for it. Checking the number, he answered.
“Buongiorno, Simon,” said the voice on the other end.
“Not where I am.  It’s 3 A.M. here, Padre,” Simon responded sleepily. 
“Sometimes I forget about the time difference,'' replied the voice with a heavily tinged Italian accent.
“So, how are things at the Vatican?"
“Busy as always, Simon.”
“Well, Padre, I’m assuming this isn’t a social call.  What’s going on?”
“Si, you would be correct, my son. There seems to be a problem in your neck of the woods so to speak.”
“Do tell.”
“We were contacted by the American ambassador yesterday.  There have been some unusual incidents in New Jersey recently.  The ambassador thinks this might be something that the church needs to look into.”
“Why don’t they use their own people?  They have a paranormal division.”
“Si, but their people are busy with these recent U.F.O. incidents.  You will meet up with one of their other agents tomorrow in Atlantic City. Her name is Cleo Williams.  She is F.B.I.”
“Cleo Williams, huh?”
“Will that be a problem, Simon?”
“No, not at all.  That’s why I headed to upstate New York.  Things weren’t going too well in L.A.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, my son.”
“I should have known better, Padre.  You can’t have a real relationship with someone in this line of work.  She nearly died because of me.  I had to get away from her for her own safety.”
“But the problem is you still love her.”
Simon didn’t say anything.  He knew what the priest said was the truth.  He knew because of the pain he felt inside.
“Are you still there, Simon?”
“I’m sorry.  Where and what time am I meeting this agent?  
“She’s staying at Harrah’s. We booked you a room there as well.  Try to be there by noon.”
“Sounds like a plan.”
“Simon, I don’t have to tell you to be careful. Something must be very strange for the Americans to ask for our assistance.  If you need help, don’t hesitate to call.”
“I’m on it, Padre.”
“God go with you, Simon,” said the priest and then he ended the call.
Simon put the phone back down on the nightstand.  He yawned and stretched.  He swung his legs around to the side of the bed and stood up.  His training had allowed him to practically see in the dark.  Slowly he made his way to the bathroom and flipped on the light.
“Shit, shower, and shave, old man.  Then gather your gear and high tail it to Atlantic City.  Grab some coffee on the way.  It’s too early to eat,” Simon thought to himself.  “Maybe if I get there early, I’ll hit the tables.  Maybe Lady Luck is still on my side.  I think I’m going to need it”

*****

The digital time display on the dash of the Land Rover read 11:05 as he pulled into a slot in the parking garage at Harrah’s.  Simon grabbed his gear out of the backseat and locked the vehicle.  He made his way through the garage and into the hotel.  His reservation allowed for an early check in.  Once he dumped his gear in his room, he’d head for the craps tables.
Simon tapped his card key on the lock on the door.  The light changed from orange to green on it and the lock opened.  He eased the door open carefully, listening for any sound.  Satisfied there was no one or nothing in the room.  He closed the door behind him.  He set his gear down on the bed.  He made his way to the small bathroom and turned the hot water on in the sink.  Just then there was a pounding on the door.
Simon turned off the water and quietly made his way to the door.
“Open the hell up, Morrison, I saw you go in there.  It’s Cleo.”
Through the peephole, Simon could see a black female standing there in athletic wear.
He unlatched the door and opened it.  The woman in the hall was stunning.  She had on a red metallic sports bra with matching running shorts.  She had a towel around her neck and was slightly out of breath.  The woman appeared to be in her late twenties or early thirties. She was tall and sinewy.  But the thing that Simon couldn’t stop staring at was her eyes.
“Come on, Morrison, put your tongue back in your mouth.  Haven't you ever seen a gorgeous female F.B.I. Agent before?”
He just stood there mesmerized by the woman.
“You can talk, can’t you.  Because this is going to be one hell of an interesting case if you can’t.  They didn’t teach me any sign language at F.B.I. school.”
“Are you always this direct?”  Simon managed to utter.
“Oh, so you can talk.  Great.  Listen, I worked out at the gym this morning and then went for a run.  I’m a tad sweaty.  My room is right down the hall.  I’m going to grab a quick shower and no, that’s not an invitation.  I’ll see you downstairs in thirty minutes.”
“Okay,” was all Simon managed to say.
As she turned to leave, she said, a twinkle appearing in her big beautiful brown eyes, “You better learn some manners, Morrison.  You leave a girl standing out in the hall and don’t even invite her in.  You don’t even offer her something to drink after you see she’s been working out.  Didn’t your momma ever teach you anything when it comes to women?  And by the way, I like tequila...ice cold tequila.  Hint for next time.”
She winked and headed down the hall.  “See you in thirty.  Go get ready.”
Simon watched her walk down the hall and enter her room.  He stood there at his own doorway stunned not knowing what to make of the entire situation.

*****

The dice weren’t rolling his way at the craps table.  It seemed like a mirror of his own personal life. Nothing was going quite right.  He was reaching down to pick up the dice for another go when someone bumped into him.
“Leave them on the table, Slick.  We need to go.  Besides, you weren’t doing so hot anyway.”
He turned to face her.  She was even more gorgeous up close.  Cleo gave him a big grin.  
“Let’s go.  I’m saving you some money and any more embarrassment.”
Simon turned from the table and followed her across the lobby.
“Where we’re headed, we better take the Land Rover,” she said over her shoulder.
“How do you know I have a Land Rover?”  Simon asked.
“I saw you getting out of it when I was out for my jog.”
He watched her walk.  Even in the standard black suit and white blouse she had on, she carried herself like a supermodel.  She wore practical shoes, little jewelry, and next to no make-up. No glam, no bling, Cleo Williams didn’t need it. The woman would have still been a ten wearing an old paper bag.
The thoughts of her running through his head made him feel guilty.  It had only been a few weeks since he had left Los Angeles and the woman that he had spent the past two years with. 
As she went through the exit, Cleo yelled to him, “Keep up, Slick.  I don’t want to lose you; especially not where we’re headed.”

*****

The drive from Atlantic City to Leed’s Point would be a short one.  It was just a quick twenty-minute jaunt North up US-30.  Cleo filled him in on the way.  Her voice was smooth and silky.  He listened as if mesmerized.
“You know, Slick, you can jump in at any time.  What’s wrong, cat got your tongue?”
Simon took his eyes off the highway for a second to look at her.  She was grinning at him; clearly amused with his uneasiness.
“Agent Williams…
“Cleo.  Call me Cleo.”
“I’d be more than happy to call you Cleo.  Would you mind not calling me Slick?”
“What’s wrong with Slick?”
“First off, it's not my name.  Second, what is slick about me?  And third, I don't like it.”
Cleo began to laugh.  She kept glancing over at him and laughing harder.  At one point, she was nearly hysterical.
Simon could feel his face burning.  He glanced into the rearview mirror and could see the skin on his face had turned bright red.  He was feeling angry and self-conscious at the same time.
Cleo finally calmed down.
“Listen, Simon, I’m sorry if I upset you.  Trust me when I tell you it was not my intent.  I meant the word slick as a term of endearment.  You’re a good-looking man and everything I heard about you is that you are a smooth operator. I just thought that slick sounded like a good adjective for you.  I promise I won’t call you that anymore.”
Her apology just made him feel that much stupider.
“Hey, I’m sorry too.  I’m just not myself lately and for some reason I can’t seem to find my balance when I’m around you.”
“It’s probably because you’re super attracted to me.  It’s okay, I’m used to it.”
He looked over at her.  She was looking back at him with a devilish grin.  He could tell she was teasing him. Little did she know how close to the truth her words were.
“Better find your balance quick, Slic...Simon, because we’re here.  First stop, the open grave.  Pull over there and we’ll check it out.”
Simon eased the Land Rover to the side of the road.  Cleo jumped out.  
“It’s up this way.  Be careful.”
In an instant, she was all business.  Cleo Williams had transformed into a United States F.B.I. Agent.  Simon patted himself down.  All his gear was in place.  He headed off after his new partner as she made her way into the woods.

*****

The sounds of the highway faded quickly behind the pair. The heavily forested New Jersey Pine Barrens provided natural sound proofing from the hustle and bustle of the busy road.  Cleo made her way carefully along what appeared to be an old path. 
“Probably an Indian trail,” Simon thought to himself.
The trail was winding its way downhill toward a stream.  Simon could barely see it through the trees, but he could hear the moving water. About ten feet from the edge of the stream, Cleo stopped and pointed at the ground.
“What do you think, Simon?  To me it looks like an old grave.  Some hunters came across it a few days ago.”
Simon squatted beside the hole.  It was about eight feet long and about four feet wide.  It was surrounded by blackish colored rocks.  Some had rolled down into the hole.  Others had rolled down the embankment a bit toward the stream.  Many of the rocks had moss on one side of them.
He reached into the hole/grave and ran his fingers through the soil scooping up some in the process.  Raising his hand to his face he smelled the soil.  He let it slip from his fingers and then raised his index finger to his mouth and licked it.
“What the hell are you doing?  Did I just see you lick dirt off your finger?”  Cleo said, shaking her head from side to side in disbelief.
“Salt,” Simon said and then spat on the ground.
“What?”
“The soil.  It’s got a heavy salt content to it.”
“So what?” Cleo said.
“So maybe nothing,” responded Simon.
He continued to study the grave.  Carefully, he ran his fingers through the soil.  He began to pull up pieces of rusted metal.  Exploring the bottom of the grave more intently, Simon pulled up a piece of what looked like an old iron chain.
From a jacket pocket, Simon pulled out several zip-lock bags.  Carefully he placed the metal objects from the grave into them and then put them back in his pocket.  He looked up at Cleo who was watching him with a look of confusion on her face.
“Has the weather been bad here recently?  Heavy rains?” he asked.
“What do I look like, the weather girl?”
“You’re way too attractive for that,” Simon said with a smirk.
“Good response, Morrison.  You earned big points with that one.  Let me check my phone for the local weather.  Sorry, partner, no signal here.  I’ll check it when we get back to the car.  So, what are your thoughts?”
“Is there a lake or pond near here?”
“Yeah, there’s a small one a few hundred yards downstream.  I read that the early settlers used to dam up the streams to produce power for mills and such.  Why do you want to see the lake?”
“Just playing a hunch,” Simon said.
“I hope you play your hunches better than you play craps, Mr. Morrison,” joked Cleo.
“I’m starting to think I liked it better when you called me Slick,” Simon said.
“And they say that women are fickle.”
The two detectives headed downstream toward the lake.
“Did you notice that there were no bones in that grave, Cleo?”
The agent nodded in confirmation.  “That appeared to be a really old grave, Simon.  Would it be unusual for it not to have bones or bone fragments in it?”
“Maybe not.  But there were metal fragments in the grave.  Why not bones then?”
“I don’t know.  You asked me about the weather and rain.  Maybe the rain washed them out.”
“Maybe.”
When the pair reached the lake, they stopped. Small bubbles popped upon reaching the water’s surface.  Simon detected a slight smell of Sulphur in the air.
“Let’s split up.  I’ll go around to the right and you go to the left.  We can easily see each other the entire way around.  Look for anything that might seem unusual or out of place.”
Like what?” Cleo asked.
“Anything.  An object, a bone, torn clothing, blood, anything that might be a clue.”
Cleo nodded.  Her expression turned deadly serious.  “Let’s do this.”
They combed through the grass and looked into the shallow water of the lake.  Roughly every ten feet, Simon would look over to check on the F.B.I. Agent.
“I got something,” Cleo yelled, motioning for him to come to her.
Simon ran to the agent.  She was holding up an identification badge with a stick.
“It’s from a hospital.  OceanCare Regional Medical Center.  There’s a woman’s picture on it and a name.”
“Bonnie Mays,” Simon said. “Her name is Bonnie Mays.”
Simon surveyed the sight slowly, paying attention to every detail.
“There are some footprints over here,” Simon said, pointing to them.
He pulled a small camera from the breast pocket of his jacket.  “Cleo, do you have a pen?”
“Yeah, sure,” Cleo responded.  She reached in her inner jacket pocket.  “Here,” she said, handing it to him.
“I’ll use the pen as a size reference.”
Simon placed the pen beside the footprint and began to take pictures.
“Look here, Cleo.  The tracks come from the woods, stop here, and then something weird happens.”
“Like what?”
“The footprints change.”
“What do you mean they change?”
“That is a human footprint.”
“By the size of it, probably female.  I’m guessing about one hundred to one hundred and fifty pounds give or take.”
“Sounds about right,” Simon said in agreement.  “Now look at these prints.”
“What are those?  They look like they were made by a giant bird…”
“Or something,” finished Simon.
“The tracks lead right into the water,” Cleo said.
“Bag the I.D. Badge and then let’s go, Agent Williams.  I want to talk to that trucker that hit someone on the highway the other day not far from here and then we can head over to OceanCare Regional Medical Center.”
“Sounds like a plan, Slick,” chuckled Cleo.
Simon started to laugh as the pair headed back up the path to the Land Rover.

*****

The sign on the silver chain link fence read Hammond’s Trucking.  
“Pull in here,” Cleo said, pointing toward the open gate.  “This is where the trucker works.”
“The one that hit someone near the gravesite.” Simon said more than asked.
“Damn, you’re good.  I bet you were first in your class in detective school."
“I can see why the F.B.I. has you work alone.  I can’t see anyone putting up with you for very long,” snapped Simon.
“Wow, that one really hurt,” Cleo said mockingly, pretending to hold her heart.
Exiting the vehicle, they made their way toward the only structure on the vast lot.
An older man walked out of the building.  He was wiping grease from his hands onto an old faded pink rag.  He looked up at the pair.
“Is there something I can do for you folks?” inquired the man.
“Agent Williams, F.B.I.  This is my partner, Simon Morrison,” she said and then winked at Simon.  “We would like to speak to a driver that works here.”  Cleo glanced down at her cell phone.  “His name is Jake Wallace.  Is he here?”
“Your timing is perfect.  He pulled in about five minutes ago.  That’s him over there,” said the man, pointing toward a figure standing near the front of one of the trucks.
“Thank you, Mister?”
“Hammond, Mark Hammond, I own this place.  It’s not much, but it keeps food on the table for me and the guys who work here.  Come with me and I’ll introduce you to Jake.”
The trio walked across the lot passing several cabs painted deep blue with the words, “Hammond Trucking”, painted in mustard yellow on the doors.
“I got twelve trucks in all,” Mark said, looking proudly at the trucks parked in a straight line across the back of the lot.
Jake Wallace stood in front of the third truck shaking his head from side to side.  He had on a red and black flannel shirt, faded jeans, and a pair of well-worn cowboy boots.  The dark blue baseball cap on his head bore the words, “Hammond Trucking”.
“Stop fretting about the damn truck, Jake.  I ordered the parts.  She’ll be as good as new in a few days,” yelled Mr. Hammond as they approached the man.
“That's just the point, Boss.  I’ve been a trucker for seventeen years and never one accident.  I’m telling you that sumbitch just appeared out of them woods like its ass was on fire.”
“Watch the language, Jake, we got a lady present here.”
“What?” Jake said as he turned from looking at the damage on the front of the truck.
“I’m Agent Williams, F.B.I.  This is…”
“Simon Morrison,” interjected Simon.  “If you don’t mind, we would like to ask you some questions about your accident.
“Look, I already talked to the cops.  They filled out a report,” Jake said nervously.
“Yes, I have a copy of their report,” Cleo said. “It’s just that we need some clarification on a couple of things you said in the report.”
“You can relax, Mr. Wallace.  You’re not in any kind of trouble here.  We just need some information,” added Simon.
“Sure, no problem.  What do you want to know?”
“You state in the report that something ran out of the woods and you struck the object with the left front corner of your truck.”
“Yep, that’s what caused the damage right there,” Jake responded pointing toward the cab.
“Has anyone washed the cab since the accident?” asked Simon.
“No sense in that.  We’ll just have to wash her again after we get done making the repairs,” interjected Mr. Hammond.
“Would you mind if I take a closer look at the truck?” Simon asked.
“Be my guest,” said Mr. Hammond.
“Jake, I got work to do.  When these folks are done talking to you, go ahead and walk ‘em out.  Then why don’t you head home.  There’s no sense in you sticking around here and getting all worked up over that truck.”
“Thanks, boss.  Will do.”
“Jake, it is alright if I call you Jake, isn’t it?”  Cleo asked.
“Yeah, sure.”
“In the report, why did you say something ran out of the woods instead of someone?”
“Well, I was headed back here, and it was getting kinda late...you know, kinda twilightish.  That thing just flew out of the woods.  I had no time to react.  I hit it and it bounced off the truck.  I saw it roll on the highway a few times in the mirror.  By the time I got stopped, called 911, and ran back to it probably two or three minutes went by.  When I got to it, it was all covered in blood and all like blackish looking.  Like it had been burned or something.  It wasn’t conscious or anything, but I checked it and it was breathing.  The thing was it didn’t look human.”
“You mean it looked like an animal?”
“Not any kind that I recognized.  It was kinda busted up so it’s hard to say.  But it was big.  I stayed there with it until the ambulance got there.”
“I see,” Cleo said.
“There’s one more thing,”
“Go on, Jake.”
“As I waited there with it, it started to change.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Well, it started looking more like a person.”
“It started looking more human?”
“Yes, ma’am.  The scary part is...it started to look like me.  Even one of the police officers that was there noticed the similarity.”
“I see,” was all that Cleo could say.
“Agent Williams, what the hell was that thing?”
“That’s what Mr. Morrison and I are trying to find out.”
“Do you think it killed all those people over at the hospital?”
“I’m not sure at this time.  Is there anything else you might have to offer that you think might help us?”
“One thing maybe, it smelled bad.  It smelled like Sulphur.”
Cleo reached in her pocket and pulled out a small leather case.  She took out a card from it and handed it to Jake.
“My cell number’s on there.  If you think of anything else.  Call me.  It doesn’t matter what time of the day or night it is…. call.
“Thank you, I will.”
“Are you ready to go, Mr. Morrison?”  Cleo yelled.
“All done here,” responded Simon.
“Let’s roll then.  We have one more stop to make.”
“I’ll show you to the gate.”
As the pair left Hammond Trucking, Jake headed toward his pickup.  He stopped and yelled after them.  “You two be careful out there.  You never know what you might find out here in the Pine Barrens.”

*****

The clock on the dash read 4:15 when the Land Rover pulled into a parking spot in the lot outside of the emergency room at OceanCare Regional Medical Center.  Simon asked to see the head of security when they got inside.
Fairly quickly a woman in a crisp blue uniform approached them. “Hi, I’m Pat Hughes, I’ve been expecting you.  Let’s talk in my office.”
Simon and Cleo followed the woman through a maze of corridors to a door with the solitary word “Security” written on it.  Pat Hughes opened the door and ushered them inside.  
“Can I get either of you a bottle of water?”
Both Cleo and Simon responded with a “Yes, please” at the same time.
Pat reached into a small refrigerator that sat on a wooden table that showed signs of its age which was next to her desk which was equally well worn.  She handed the bottles to the couple.  
“I took the liberty of pulling the video for you.  I got to warn you this is pretty graphic’”
She sat down at her desk and typed a few commands out on the keyboard of her laptop.  She then turned the device to face Cleo and Simon.  “It’s all time stamped,” she said as the video began to play.
“The patient was being treated in the ambulance as a victim who had been struck by a motor vehicle.  Here’s the patient arriving.  He is taken straight to surgery.  Vital signs were abnormal.  There was great concern by the paramedics and the doctors here that there was severe internal damage.  Here is the patient in the operating room being prepped for surgery.  And then there is this.”
The screen suddenly turned into a scene from a horror movie.  The patient sat straight up on the table.  Doctors and nurses rushed to it to try to subdue it.  There was yelling and screaming. Blood began to spray out from within the melee at the center of the room.  Someone ran to the phone and called for security. People were now trying to run from the operating table.  They were covered in blood.  Some fell to the floor.  Others managed to escape the room. Code red was being barked over the speaker system.  Now the patient was off the table and standing.   He was holding up the lifeless body of a woman with his left arm. Part of her face and neck were missing.  Blood was fountaining from the wound.  Simon could read the name tag on the woman’s lab coat.  It read, “Bonnie Mays.”
As the footage kept rolling the figure began to change.  Slowly it started to look like the woman it held.  Two security guards entered the room.  The split second of confusion at the sight cost them both their lives.  The patient, now the spitting image of Bonnie Mays, threw the lifeless corpse to the floor.  Some of the woman’s jacket tore away which included her nametag, it was stuck to the creature’s bloody hand.  It glanced around the room frantically and then ran out the door.
“Whatever the hell that thing was, it killed two of my men.  Five more people were killed or would die from their injuries.  Four others remain hospitalized. They’re scared out of their minds.  And that’s where you two come in.”
“Is there any chance that we could….”
“get a copy of the footage?” finished Pat, handing Simon a USB flash drive.  “Already copied on it.”
Simon took the drive from her and smiled.
“Anything else we might need to know?” Cleo asked.
“You saw the footage.  What else do you need to know?  Get that thing and kill it.”
“Okay, thank you for your time and assistance.  We’ll be in touch if we need anything else,” Simon said as he stood up and put the USB drive into his pants pocket.
“One more thing, handsome,” Pat said, “You two don’t go it alone.  You need back up.  Four years in Afghanistan taught me a couple of things:  Always be prepared and watch your ass.”
Cleo shook hands with the woman.  “Thanks, Pat.  And thank you for your service too.”
Simon and Cleo made their way out of the room and back to the parking lot.  They got into the Land Rover and Simon started the vehicle.  
“Pat Hughes, now her, I like.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Cleo asked kiddingly.
“You heard her,” Simon responded, “She called me handsome.”
“She probably needs glasses.”
“Cleo, are you ever nice?” Simon asked as the Land Rover exited the lot.
“When I want to be.  Let’s get back to the hotel, Slick, we have a lot to go over.”
“Your wish is my command, Cleopatra.  Cleo is short for Cleopatra, isn’t it?”
“Well, well, well, Mr. Morrison, you really are a detective, aren’t you?”
Simon turned onto US-9 South.  In a little over twenty minutes, they were back at the hotel.  Simon pulled up in front of the building.
“Aren’t you going to park?”
“I have a couple of things that I need to take care of,” said Simon.  I’ll meet you in the restaurant around eight.  How does that sound?”
“What if we just order room service?  I just kind of want to chill out.”
“That sounds like a plan.”
“What do you want me to order for you?” asked Cleo.
“I’m up for anything.  Surprise me.”
“I might just do that, Slick,” Cleo said with a wink as she got out of the vehicle.
Simon watched her walk into the hotel.  He shook his head and laughed.  Cleo Williams was turning out to be a hard nut to crack.

*****

Before leaving the parking lot, Simon took out his cell phone and pressed a button that he had pressed many times before.  He hoped his old friend would answer.  A few seconds later, a familiar voice said, “Hello Simon.”
“Father Madera, how are you?”
“I’m fine, my son.  Just doing God’s work.  What can I do for you today?  Do I need to hear a confession or is it something more along the lines of your work?”
“Nothing to confess today, but I do need your help.”
“Whatever you need, Simon.”
“I’m investigating a possible demonic occurrence out in New Jersey.  The creature has killed several people already.  I need to find it and stop it.  I’m going to overnight a package to you.  In it are some hair and tissue samples I believe might be from the creature.  Also, there are some pieces of metal and part of an old chain.  See if any of your contacts might be able to identify what kind of creature I might be dealing with and what type of metal I found.  If they can give me an idea of the age of the metal that might help also.”
“I’m sure that is something I can do for you.  Is there anything else?”
“Yes, Father.  Is there any way I can borrow Adam for a few days?  I feel I might need a little muscle here.”
“I’m sure our friend Adam wouldn’t mind a small vacation from the church.”
“Good.  I’ll text you some instructions for him.  I’ll need him to grab a few things from my place.  Also, can you contact our friends in the Vatican?  I’m going to need some firepower, if you know what I mean, the old school kind.  Have them send it to you and Adam can bring it with him when he comes.”
“Alright, my son, I’ll get right on this.  By the way, have you contacted any of the local wolves? They might prove useful with tracking this creature.”
“Not yet.  Do you have a local contact here?”
“I’ll check on it.  If I find anything, I’ll text it to you later.”
“Thanks.  One more thing, Father; have you heard from Dorthey?”
“Yes, I've checked on her a few times.  You should call her.  Simon, Dorthey loves you.  She’s hurt, confused, and has no idea what she did to cause you to leave.  You need to call her.”
“I’ll text you those instructions.  Thanks, for everything, Father.”
“May God watch over you, Simon.”
Simon ended the call.  
He scrolled through his address book and found the name he was looking for.  Tapping on it, the call was sent to someone he hoped could help him, a man named Lincoln Connelly.
“Simon Morrison,” said the man when he answered. “How are you?  It’s been a while since you saved my ass from that crazy vampire stalker.”  What can I do for you?”
“I'm hoping that you could provide me with a little transportation.”
“Doesn't sound like much of a problem.  Where do you need to go?”
“The transportation’s not for me.  It’s for a friend of mine out in your neck of the woods.  He works for Father Madera at the church.”
“Father Madera, how is that old son of a gun?  I haven’t talked to him much as of late. I’ve been busy raising a kid.  Who would have thought it at my age?”
“Wow, congratulations to you and Tracey.”  
“Thanks. My son, Duncan, and his family moved out here a while back as well.  So, his kids are over here all the time running around too.  Some big changes in my life.  You should try it, Simon.  Settle down with Dorthey.  You’re never too old.”
“That might not be in my cards, Mr. Connelly.  I’m glad to hear it’s worked out for you.”
“So, what kind of transportation are we looking at here, Simon?”
“I read an article in a magazine a couple of months back about you.  There was a picture of you on the cover standing in front of a jet plane.”
“That’s my Gulfstream G650ER.  She’s a beauty.  I had lots of bells and whistles installed in her for comfort and safety.  Just tell me where and when you need her.”
“I’ll text you that information, if that’s okay?”
“Sure, no problem.”
“Send me a bill for any expenses.  The church is picking up the tab on this one.”
“We’ll consider it a donation for past services rendered.”
“Thanks, Mr. Connelly.  I’m glad I could count on you.”
“I got to run here, Simon.  I’ll be looking for your text.”
The call ended.  Simon stared at his phone for a few minutes.  He debated calling Dorthey.
“I’ll probably just make things worse,” he thought to himself.  He looked up the address for the closest UPS Store.  “Two stops, Morrison, and then you can grab some grub and a much-needed shower.”
He pulled out of the parking lot and headed off in the directions that were being communicated over the vehicle’s speakers.

*****

Simon inserted his room key in the slot, the light changed on the base.  He pushed down the handle and pushed the door to his room open.  Something hit his nostrils as he entered the room, something fishy.  
He could hear a voice inside but couldn’t make out what was being said.  Simon quietly set the package he was carrying on the floor.  He slid a Springfield XDs .45ACP from the waistband at the back of his jeans.  He reached down and pulled a bottle out of the bag he had set on the floor.  Holding it by its neck so that it could be used as a weapon, he eased his way into the hotel room.
“Darling, you’re working late.  Rough day at the office?  Look at you, how thoughtful, you remembered the tequila.”
Simon stood motionless and in total silence.  Cleo sat with her legs dangling over the arm of a big gray lounge chair.  She had changed into a cream-colored matching shorts and t-shirt. Her hair was combed out.  She was grinning from ear to ear.
“How...how…,” muttered Simon.
“Did I get in here?  It was easy.  I ordered room service which, by the way, I billed to your room.  I watched from my room until I saw them bring up the order.  I then ran down the hall and pretended to be your wife and that I couldn’t find my card.  The kind young man let me in the room.  I gave him twenty bucks.”
She stood up and walked toward him.  Cleo Williams looked incredibly beautiful. She stood in front of him for a minute.  The two of them just stared into each other's eyes.
“Why don’t you give that to me?” she said, taking the bottle from him.  “And go put that gun away before you hurt someone.  I ordered seafood.  There’s some shrimp, lobster, oysters, and some clams.  I got some cheddar biscuits and some roasted potatoes.  How’d I do?”
“It all sounds great and I’m totally starved.”
“Neither of us ate all day.  Sit down, Slick, let’s eat.”
“I really need to shower.”
“Eat first, shower later.  That’s an order Mr. Morrison,” Cleo said jokingly.
“Yes, ma’am,” Simon said with a wink.
“So, what kind of tequila did you get?  That's a fancy bottle.”
“It’s Tears of Llorona No. 3 Extra Añejo.  The man at the store said it’s the best.”
Cleo smiled at him.  “Thank you, Simon.  We’ll have that later.  I had them send up some Stella Artois to drink with dinner.”
“Sounds good.  Let’s eat, partner.”
The F.B.I. Agent nodded in agreement.  “Let’s eat.”

*****

When they finished with dinner, Cleo said, “Go shower while I clean this up.  We’ll talk shop when you’re done.”
“Always barking orders,” Simon said teasingly.
“As long as you know who’s the boss, we’ll get along just fine, Mr. Morrison.”
Simon headed off to the bedroom, closing the door behind him.  He carefully put his gear back into its proper bag for safekeeping.  He stripped off his clothes and tossed them into a pile in a corner of the room.  He went into the bathroom and brushed his teeth to get rid of the taste of seafood and beer.  He turned on the water in the bathtub and adjusted the handle to get the proper temperature and then stepped in. The hot water felt good.  After a few minutes of it running on him, he felt his muscles relax some.  
“You’re too tense.  You need to learn how to chill,” he thought to himself.

*****

After what seemed like a very long time, Simon exited the bedroom.  He was carrying an iPad.
“What the hell were you doing in there, Slick?  I think you used up all the hot water in the whole damn hotel.” Cleo said.
“Sorry, I just got lost in thought.”
“About me?  Wait a minute, don’t answer that.”
Simon chuckled in response.
Cleo eyed the man up and down.  He had on a blue L.A. Rams t-shirt that fit him nicely and a pair of khaki colored cargo shorts.  There was no doubt that the man worked out and took care of himself.  Cleo’s thoughts began to wander.
“So where do we start, Agent Williams?”  Simon asked, bringing the woman back into the moment.
“I put the tequila in the ice bucket over on the counter.  Why don’t you pour us some and then we can get down to work?”
“Sounds like a plan,” Simon said.
When he returned, he handed her a glass.
She took a sip.  “Damn, that is good.  That is really smooth.”
“Only the best for you, Cleopatra.”
She winked at him.  “Damn straight.  So, partner, where do you want to start?”
“I think we can rule out that we’re dealing with a human being here.”
“Agreed, so then Mr. Morrison, what exactly are we dealing with?”
Simon sat down on the chair next to where Cleo sat on the couch and handed her an iPad.  “I think this might be it.”
Cleo took the device and looked at what was on the screen.  After a minute or two, she looked up at him.  “This is a joke, right?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Come on, Simon.  The New Jersey Devil, really?  That’s an old wives’ tale.”
“Before you dismiss the idea, read the article.”
Cleo returned her attention to the iPad.
As she scrolled through the article, Simon watched her.  The woman was truly beautiful.
When she was finished, she handed the iPad back to him.
“Alright, Morrison, make your case.”
“First of all, look where we are.”
“In a hotel room at Harrah’s?” Cleo said mockingly.
“Funny. Southern New Jersey.  The Pine Barrens.  The gravesite is near Leed’s Point; the location of where Mother Leeds had her thirteenth child.  The cursed child; possibly fathered by Satan himself.”
“You don’t really believe that crap, do you?”
“Cleo, listen to me.  My family has been in the service of the Catholic Church since nearly its founding.  The world is full of evil beings and creatures unleashed on humankind by the Dark One.  My family are the church’s hunters.  We go after God’s enemies here on Earth.”
Cleo sat quietly for several minutes taking in what he had just said.
“So, you really are a demon hunter.  I thought that the Bureau was just bullshitting me.”
“Cleo, this is serious business.  People in my family have been killed by these things.  If you want out, then you need to get out.  I have back-up coming in a couple of days.  I can handle this.  I don’t need another person I care about getting hurt.”
The room went quiet.  The only sound was the bottle of tequila shifting in the melting ice in the ice bucket.
Simon took a drink from his glass.  He had said too much.
Cleo stared at the man.  She had underestimated him.  There was much more to him than she had originally thought.  “Some F.B.I. Agent you are,” she thought to herself.
“What’s her name, Simon? The woman you left back in Los Angeles.  The woman you’re running from.  What the hell happened?”
He took another drink from his glass, emptying it in the process.  He stood and walked to the counter, removed the bottle of tequila from the bucket and poured himself some more.  He turned back to Cleo.  “Care for some more?”
“We are in Atlantic City, so hit me Mr. Morrison,” Cleo said, holding up her glass.
Simon walked over to her and refilled her drink and then returned the bottle to the ice bucket.
“Her name is Dorthey.”
“Like in the Wizard of Oz?” Cleo asked.
“No, that’s Dorothy.  It’s spelled differently,” Simon explained.  “She was my neighbor, who became my lover, who became my partner.  It’s the last part that nearly got her killed.”
“How?”
“We took on a coven of vampires in San Francisco.  One of them busted her up pretty good.  Her leg is a mess.  It’s a miracle she can even walk.  I had to get away from her for her own safety.”
Cleo took a sip from her glass and set it on the coffee table in front of her.
“Sounds like bullshit to me, Morrison.  You got jittery because you love her too much and the thought of losing her scared the shit out of you and like a coward, you booked.  You left her alone, hurt, and vulnerable and ran off into the woods.  You’re a piece of work, you know that?  When she needed you the most, you took off.”
Simon dropped his head.  He felt betrayed.  He opened up to this stranger and she handed his ass to him.  The worst part was everything she said was true.  The room went silent again.
“Maybe we should just get back to the case?” Simon suggested, retaking his seat.
“Sure,” Cleo said, suddenly feeling self-conscious, “So lay it out for me.”
“The grave site is surrounded by salt.  I could taste it in the soil.  Even after all these years I could still taste it.  There were pieces of what I believe to be iron and an iron chain in the grave itself.”
“So?”
“A ring of salt has always been a way to trap a demon.  Demons are also weakened by iron.  I sent the metal off to be tested as well as some hair and tissue samples I took from the damaged truck.  If the metal is iron, I bet we're dealing with a demon.”
Cleo looked at him and was having a hard time believing his words.
“Did you look up the weather reports from the weeks leading up to the accident and murders?”
“Yeah, I looked them up on my phone.  There had been heavy rains for over a week prior to what’s been going on.”
“Here’s what I think.  Over the many years, especially over the last couple of weeks, water running down that hill slowly washed away most of the salt and rusted away the metal which bound the creature in the grave.  As some of the rocks on top of the grave began to roll off down the hill, they landed on top of the salt circle, breaking the barrier.  With the chains rusted and weakened the creature was able to break free and claw its way out of the grave and escape.”
Cleo nodded in agreement.  “Once it was free, it was confused.  It was probably hungry after all these years and went searching for food.”
“It was drawn to the noise of the highway where Jake Wallace slammed into it with his truck.  He said the creature was blackened and looked burnt.”
“Whenever it was captured, they must have tried to burn it alive.  The drawing of the creature showed it with wings.  This thing doesn’t appear to have them.  Maybe it’s not the same creature?” Cleo offered.
Simon rose from the chair and began to pace.  “Or, maybe it is the same creature and it had its wings cut off.  Maybe some of the original accounts of it were inaccurate to begin with.”
“We have a big problem here, Morrison.  We saw the footage.  That thing can change its appearance.  Jake Wallace even said it started to look like him.”
“It’s a shape-shifter.  You’re right, Cleo, we have a big problem.  It could look like anyone by now.”
“Maybe not. It seems like in both cases it had to have contact with the person before it could change.  Wallace checked it for vital signs.  The woman in the emergency room made contact with it before it killed her. Where do we even begin to look for this thing?”
“I have an idea.  Sulphur.  It’s often associated with demons or with Hell.  Remember I asked you if there was a lake or pond near the gravesite?  I remember reading in my family’s journals about a demonic creature that slept in a murky pond during the day.  The creature healed itself in the Sulphur infused water of the lake.  I smelled Sulphur when we were at the lake by the gravesite.  I’d bet money that’s where we will find this thing.”
“I bet you're right, Simon.  While you were gone, I got a notice that two more bodies were found mutilated not too far from that lake.  They were determined to be a couple of hikers that went missing yesterday.”
Simon picked up the iPad and began to type on its screen.  He scrolled on its surface and then looked down at Cleo.  “In two nights, there will be a full moon.  I think that will be our best opportunity to get this thing.”
“So, what do we do in the meantime?”
“Plan and prepare.  I have a few things to do in the morning and I have to meet with a contact, a local friend of the church that might be able to provide some back up.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Besides sit around and look gorgeous?”
Cleo could feel herself blush.
“Check with the Bureau and maybe local law enforcement to see if you can get anything that might help.  You might want to do a search on any old newspaper articles that might mention the creature or any strange sightings.  Even the littlest detail could make a difference.”
“Got it.  Anything else?”
“Are you Catholic?”
“Nope.  Born and raised a Baptist. Why?”
“You might want to have all your bullets blessed by a priest.  It could make a difference.”
“Are you serious?  Never mind, I know you are.  I’ll get it taken care of tomorrow.”
Simon walked over to the counter and poured more tequila in his glass. “Want some?”
“Yes, thanks.”
Simon emptied the rest of the bottle in her glass.  
“So, what now?” Cleo asked.
“We enjoy the rest of this fabulous bottle of tequila and enjoy the fine company of one another.”  Simon raised his glass.  In his worst Humphrey Bogart impression, he said, “Here’s looking at you, kid.”
They clinked glasses and took another sip of the cold amber colored liquid.
“Simon, I’m sorry.  I was out of line earlier.  I don’t know you.  I have no idea what you’re really like or what you’re thinking.  It wasn’t my place to say those things.”
“You have no need to apologize.  Actually, what you said was pretty much on the mark.  I can’t worry about it now.  I need to stay focused.  I screwed up and that’s behind me now.”
“Is it?”
“It has to be, Cleo.  I nearly got her killed.”
“So, you love her enough to leave her,” Cleo said, slowly shaking her head from side to side.  “That’s screwed up’”
“What do you mean by that?” Simon asked.
“It’s just that, I mean, nobody ever loved me like that.”
“Get the hell out of here.  You’re beautiful.  I bet you probably had guys lined up and eating out of your hand.”
“You’d lose that bet, Slick.  No one.  I’m married to the Bureau.  Most guys don’t want to play second fiddle.  It’s a testosterone thing I’m sure.”
“So, no dates, no boyfriends, nothing?” Simon asked in disbelief.
“Nope.  I was raised a good little daddy’s girl in a strict Baptist family.  My dad was a detective in the D.C. police department.  That kept a lot of guys from being interested.  He made me promise from the time that I was young that I’d never grow up to be a cop or marry one. I got a full scholarship in track and field to North Carolina.  I was too busy with school and practice to go out with any guys.  
While I was away, my dad got involved in a major drug bust.  Some big-time players went down for it.  One day when my mom went to go get groceries, she was shot in our driveway.  They riddled her body with bullets.  My dad knew it was in retaliation to the drug bust.  He wouldn’t let me come home for the funeral.  He was afraid something would happen to me.”
She looked over at Simon.  “I guess, in a way, I can understand how you feel about Dorthey.  I never saw either of them again.  Three weeks later, in his grief, he shot himself in the head with his own police revolver.  I was too angry with him to go to his funeral. I can’t find it in me to forgive him for it.  I needed him and he abandoned me.”
Tears began to roll down her cheeks.  “You know what, Simon, as mad as I was at my father, I kept my promise to him.  I never became a cop.  But after graduation, I applied to the F.B.I.  You see, I just can’t let the bad guys win.  There are kids out there who need me to stop them so that their parents aren’t taken from them and they have their lives destroyed in the process.  I can’t let those kids feel alone and not cared about the way I did.  I can’t let that happen.”
Cleo pulled her knees up to her chest and began to sob uncontrollably.   
“Hey,” Simon said as he walked over to her.  “It’s okay.  You’re not alone.”
He sat down on the couch beside her.  She turned to him and buried her face in his chest.  She held onto him like a scared child.  Simon wrapped his arms around her and pulled her in tightly.  He gently patted her shoulder.  “It’s okay, Cleo.  I’m here.  I’m not going anywhere.”
The pair remained embraced on the couch.  Cleo cried for some time before settling down.  When she was quiet, Simon reached over and gently pushed down on the button on the base of the lamp on the end table.  He sat in the dark with her mulling over his thoughts until his own tiredness and the effects of the alcohol caught up with him.  Slowly, he slid out from her embrace and gently laid her back onto the couch.  Quietly he crossed the room into his bedroom and found an extra pillow and blanket in the closet.  He returned to her, gently sliding the pillow under her head and then covering her with the blanket.  He kissed her on the forehead.
“Sweet dreams,” he whispered softly.  Simon checked the door to the room, making sure that it was secure.  Heading back into the bedroom, he placed his pistol under his pillow.  He slid his shorts to the floor and climbed into bed.  It didn’t take long for sleep to overtake him.

*****

Someone or something was moving in the room.  Simon moved his hand under the pillow and wrapped it around the handle of his pistol.  Whoever or whatever got onto the bed. In a single motion, Simon rolled toward it and raised the pistol in its direction.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” cried Cleo.  “Simon, it’s just me.”
“Cleo?  What are you doing?  I could have killed you?”
“Put the gun down.  It’s cold out there and I was looking for a little bodily warmth.”
Simon rolled away from her and put the gun on the nightstand.  He lay back on the bed.
“What are you doing, Cleo?”
“Well, I’m naked.  I’m in your bed.  You’re a man.  I’m a woman.  Figure it out, detective.”
She slid next to him and rested a hand on his chest.
“Listen to me.  Simon, we’re both people that are hurting inside.  Can’t we, at least for a little while, pretend that we’re normal people and love each other.  Don’t we both deserve to be happy?  Would that be so bad?  You’re a good man.  I want to be with you.”
She kissed him.  He kissed her back.  For the next few hours Simon Morrison and Cleo Williams did their best to make one another incredibly happy.

*****

Simon was awakened by the sound of his cell phone buzzing on the nightstand.  When he answered it, he noticed the time said 9 A.M.
“Good morning, Mr. Connelly.”
“Good morning, Simon.  I hope I didn’t wake you.”
“I needed to get up anyway.  I’ve got a ton of things to do today.”
“Well let me give you some good news then.  I’m calling to confirm that your request is a go.  The flight should be arriving in Atlantic City around 7 P.M. tomorrow night.”
“Thank you very much.  I greatly appreciate the help.”
“No problem.  Enjoy your day.  Be careful out there, Simon.”
“Will do.  Thanks again.”
While he was on the call, Cleo had slipped out of bed.  Simon could hear the shower running.  He sat on the edge of the bed for a second and then said to himself, “Hell, why not?”  He got up from the bed and headed into the bathroom to join Cleo.

*****

While he was getting dressed, Cleo popped her head in the door.  “I’m heading down to my room to get ready.  Why don’t you give me thirty minutes and head over?  I’ll order us some breakfast.”  Cleo yawned.  “I might need a nap later.  I didn’t get much sleep last night.”
“That’s your own fault,” Simon said teasingly.
“Hey, I’m not complaining,” Cleo said with a smile.  “See you soon.”  She blew him a kiss and left the room.  
Simon smiled.  It was the first time he felt happy in a long time.  At the same time, he felt somewhat guilty.  He somehow felt like he had betrayed Dorthey.  
“Don’t do this to yourself.  Life is too short.  Enjoy each moment.  What will be will be,” he muttered to himself.”  He began to search the room for his shoes.  He saw one poking out under the growing pile of dirty clothes.  
His cell phone buzzed.  He picked it up.  “Good morning, Father Madera.  How are you on this fine morning?”
“I am well, my son.  It is good to hear you sounding chipper.  You have been too sad for too long.”
“Thank you, Father.  I feel fine today.”
“I have the name of the contact for you.  Her name is Amy Wong. She is a librarian at the Atlantic City Free Public Library.  She is the Alpha in a local wolf pack.  She thinks she might be able to help.”
“That’s great.  Thank you, Father.  I’ll head over there in a little bit.”
“Also, I’ve pulled a few favors in from some good Catholics over at the university.  When I get your package, I’ll take it over to them for testing.  I’ll let you know when I hear anything.  Adam is picking up your gear tomorrow morning.  Mr. Connelly has arranged for his transportation.”
“What about the extra firepower?”
“It’s being sent via special courier from the Vatican.”  I should have it by tomorrow.”
“Be sure to send it with Adam.”
“Of course, my son.  Enjoy your day.  We will speak again soon.”
Simon ended the call.  He looked at the time.  He needed to head to Cleo's room.
She greeted him at the door with a kiss.  “Good morning, Slick.  Want some coffee?”
“Yes, please.”
“Cream and sugar?”
“Just a little cream, no sugar.”
“Coming right up.  I got you some Eggs Benedict and a side of hash brown potatoes.  How does that sound?”
“Delicious.  What did you get?”
“I got a banana-nut muffin and no you can’t have any.  Here’s your coffee.  Have a seat.”
Simon reached up and took the mug and took a sip.  “Perfect.  Thank you.”
“You look nice.  I like the sports jacket and jeans look.”
“Thanks, you don’t look so bad yourself.  I like the dress.  Red is a good color for you.”
“Does the sweater make me look too matronly?” Cleo asked, twirling like a model for him.
“You?  Matronly?  Hell no! You look perfect.”
Cleo smiled.  “Thank you, Simon.”
“You’re welcome.”
She sat down at the small table opposite from him.  “Let’s eat and then we’ll talk about our plans for the day.”
Simon nodded in agreement.

*****

Plans discussed, the pair grabbed their things and made their way out of the room.  Cleo double checked the door to make sure it was locked.  They took the elevator down to the main floor and exited the building.
Simon reached over and took her hand.  He squeezed it and then pulled her close.
“Thanks for breakfast.  Be careful, Cleo.  If you need me, call.”
“Stop worrying, you big goof.  I’m a trained F.B.I. Agent and this isn’t my first rodeo.  I’ll be fine.”  She kissed him on the cheek.  “I’ll see you back here at four.  We can get some dinner and if you're up for it, we can spend some more time being normal together.”
“I like the way you think, Agent Williams.”  Simon squeezed her hand again and then they each headed off for their vehicles.

*****

It was 10:15 when Simon arrived at the library.  He went inside and began to search for Amy Wong.  Before he found her, she found him.
Amy was about five foot three inches tall with a slight build.  She had bright pink hair and “librarian-looking” black rimmed glasses.  It appeared she was probably in her early to mid-twenties. She was bright and perky which was a little much for a slightly sleep deprived Simon.
“Is there somewhere where we can talk?”  asked Simon.
“Not here,” said Amy.  “I go on break in 15 minutes.  There’s a small coffee shop up the street.  We can meet there.”
“Can I order you something?”
“They make an awesome blueberry smoothie there.  I’ll take one of those.”
“Okay.  I’ll see you there in 15 minutes.
True to her word, Amy Wong bounced into the coffee shop at exactly 10:30 to shouts of “Hi, Amy!” from the employees.
“I’m a regular here,” said Amy with a grin.  She joined him at the small white metal table.
“Really, I couldn’t tell.” Simon responded kiddingly, sliding the smoothie across the table to her.
“Aren’t you going to have anything?”
“I had coffee already this morning.”
“Suit yourself. So, what’s up?”  Amy asked excitedly.
“I need your help tracking something.”
“Like an animal?”
“More like a demon.”
“Like a demon!” Amy blurted loudly.
Several of the customers and staff looked over at her.
“Don’t worry, most people around here think I’m a little crazy.”
“I can see why,” Simon thought to himself.
“So, you need me to help you track down a demon.  How cool is that?  I can’t wait to tell the rest of the pack.”
“Just how many of you are there? Simon inquired.
“Six, including me.  We hunt in the Pine Barrens together each month.  I’m sure we can help you.  After all, anything for the Church, right?”
“Right,” responded Simon.  “You know Amy, I have a little wolf in me.  One of my great grandmothers was a werewolf.  It hasn’t manifested in any of us to date.”
“That’s cool.”  Amy took another sip of her smoothie.  She checked her watch.  “I have to get back soon.  What’s the plan?”
“I need your pack.  Can you meet me in the lobby over at Harrah’s around eight tomorrow night?  That won’t be too late right?  You won’t start to shift yet, right?”
“No, usually not until around 9 o’clock.”
“Good.  I’ll have a van ready.  We’ll head out to the site and begin the search.  Once we find it, surround it, but do not engage it.  This thing has already killed a bunch of people. Just so you know, this thing is a shapeshifter.  You’re all going to need to go by scent, not look.  If you guys can keep it surrounded, I’ll take care of the rest.”
“Got it.  We’ll see you tomorrow night at eight.  I gotta run.”
As she left the shop, there was a chorus of “Bye, Amy!”  She waved her smoothie at them and headed out the door.  Simon watched her go and thought to himself “If she’s the Alpha of the pack, I’m in deep shit.”
Across town, Cleo went into Saint Lucia’s Roman Catholic Church. As she walked up the aisle toward the altar, she could see a priest moving back and forth between various places.
“Excuse me Father.  Could I have a word with you?”
The priest stopped what he was doing and made his way over to her.  “What can I do for you, my child?”
“I’m F.B.I. Agent Williams.”
“You’re Mr. Morrison’s friend,” interrupted the priest, “He called this morning and said you might be by.  He wants me to bless your bullets.  He said something about the two of you hunting down a demon.  May I have the bullets please?”
She handed over her ammunition to him.  “Father, you're taking this all in stride as if this is pretty normal to you.”
“More normal than you think, unfortunately.  The devil unleashed an abundance of his minions upon the Earth.  The church, our allies, and our servants like Simon, help to keep the world safe.”
“I see,” was all Cleo could manage to say in response.
The priest took the ammunition to the altar.  He said several prayers over the bullets which he had placed in front of him.  He took a device that looked like a microphone and placed it into a small silver container that held Holy Water in it.  He then pulled the device out and sprinkled Holy water across the bullets.  He placed the bullets on top of a small white cloth and covered them.  He handed the cloth to Cleo.
“That should do the trick,” the priest said, handing them to her.
“Thank you, Father,” Cleo said, taking them from him.
“One more thing, child.  Would you mind if I gave you a blessing as well?”
“I’m not Catholic, Father.”
“It doesn’t matter.  We are all God’s children.”
The priest blessed her and made the sign of the cross over her.  “Now go and do God’s work.”
“Thank you, Father, I will.”
Cleo placed the bullets into the small black purse she was carrying.  She left Saint Lucia’s church and headed for her car.  The next stop was the local office of the F.B.I.
Simon stopped at a small shop that specialized in the sale of knives.  When he entered the shop a big man with a ton of tattoos on his arms gave him the once over and said, “Can I help you?”
“I’m looking for something special.  I want a set of daggers.  I need them to be pure silver.  I also need to be able to strap them to my lower legs.”
“I got just the thing.”
The man reached under the counter and pulled out a black tray with two daggers on it.  The handles were engraved with rune symbols.
“Some nut job brought these in about six months ago.  He said he needed the money.  I took a chance on ‘em.  I had the pair tested.  They're pure silver.  I got a certificate of proof right here.”
Simon picked up one and felt it.  It was well balanced.  “I’ll take them.”
“I’ll get you a pair of leg sheaths and straps.”
Simon handed the man a credit card. “Put everything on there.”
“You going vampire hunting or something?” the man asked jokingly as he rang up the sale.
“Something like that,” Simon responded.
Cleo didn’t have much luck getting any helpful information from the F.B.I. or from the local police.  She did get a tip from one of the police officers that there was a Paranormal Museum up in Asbury Park.  The problem was that Asbury Park was over an hour away.
She called Simon.  “Hey, I’m not having much luck on my end.  I did get a tip about a Paranormal Museum in Asbury Park.  They say it’s got a ton of info on the New Jersey Devil.   Asbury is a little over an hour away.  You up for a road trip?”
“I’m pretty much finished here.  I’m just waiting for a call from Father Madera. Why don’t you meet me back at the hotel and we’ll drop off your car?”
“Why my car?  Don’t you trust the fact that I might be a good driver?”
“No, I just enjoy driving.”
“Fine, I’ll see you there in twenty minutes.  Hey, can you stop and grab some sodas and snacks for the trip?”
“Yeah, no problem.  Do you want anything in particular?”
“Sure, get me a diet Mountain Dew and a big bag of Flamin’ Hot Doritos.”
“Got it.  See you back at the hotel.”
He ended the call.  He was excited to be able to spend more time with Cleo.  “You better be careful, Simon.  You’re letting this one get too close too soon,” he thought to himself.

*****

The sign on the front of the store read Paranormal Books and Curiosities.  Cleo and Simon exited the Land Rover and headed inside.  
“Hi folks, what can I do for you today?” asked a woman with glasses and a broad friendly grin.
“I’m F.B.I. Agent Williams and this is my partner, Simon Morrison.  We’re looking for the owner.  We’d like to ask her a few questions.”
“Well, you found me.  I’m Kathy.  How may I help?”
“An officer down in Atlantic City recommended that we come talk to you.  He said that you’re a bit of an expert on the New Jersey Devil.”
“I’d like to think so.  What does the F.B.I. want to know about the infamous cryptid?”
“We’ve checked out all of the online information for whatever that’s worth,” offered Simon.
“We need to know whatever may be unusual about the creature.  Something most folks probably wouldn’t know.  Something that might give us an edge,” continued Cleo.
“Wait a minute.  Are you two putting me on?”  Kathy looked behind the couple.  “Where’s the camera?  I’ll tell you, you two are good.  I almost believed you for a second.”
“This is no joke.  We’re investigating several murders that have taken place recently near Leed’s Point.  From the evidence we have gathered, as unbelievable as it may seem, it all points to the possibility that this was done by the New Jersey Devil.”
Kathy Kelly was no one’s fool.  She glanced past the pair again checking for any signs of a camera.  She had a master’s degree in history and had owned and operated the bookstore and museum for over thirteen years.  Her knowledge of paranormal affairs in the Garden State was legendary.  Seeing that the couple was serious, she motioned for them to follow her.
“Here is our display on the New Jersey Devil.  Let me see, you want something unusual about it...something that might give you an edge.”
She reached for a book inside the display.  Removing it, she began to thumb through the pages. She stopped at a particular page.  She read it for a minute and then handed the book to Cleo.
“Read that near the top of the page on the right.  There’s your edge.”

“The woman who escaped the beast said that she had been drawn out from her cabin by the sound of a child crying in the night.  She followed the sound into the woods, believing the child might have become lost.  As she made her way deeper into the woods, she could smell Sulphur.  Something moved down by the lake.  The sound was coming from that direction.  When she neared the lake, something sprang from the water and flew at her.  She turned and ran from the creature, but it was too fast.  It caught her and wrestled her to the ground.  She screamed.  The creature fought with her, trying to bite her in the neck.  Suddenly the creature stopped.  She heard dogs barking.  The creature jumped from her and headed back toward the lake.  She never saw it again.”

Simon and Cleo looked at each other and then to Kathy Kelly.  “There’s your edge.  The unwanted child of Mother Leeds cries for its mother.  It uses the cry as a lure to attract unsuspecting prey.  There are multiple stories of encounters with the creature.  Many of them tell of hearing a baby crying before seeing the creature.  But I hate to be the one to tell you, the old devil, he’s been dead for a long time now.  I read once that a group of folks not far from Leed’s Point trapped the creature one night near a small lake.  They threw kerosene on it and lit it on fire.  When it finally dropped to the ground, some of the men threw iron chains around it and shackled its arms and legs.  They chopped the thing’s wings off with hatchets.  Some old farmer claimed to have had them mounted up in his barn.  The barn burned down about ten years ago.  It’s a shame.  I would have loved to have had those wings in my collection here.”
Cleo extended her hand to the woman.  “Thank you so much for your time and expertise.  You have been more helpful than you know.”
Kathy shook the agent's hand and then Simon’s.
“I’m glad that I could be of service.  Stop back any time.”
As the pair turned to leave, the store owner said, “I have a favor to ask.  If you come across anything unusual, don’t hesitate to send it my way.”
Simon winked at the woman.  “Consider it done,” he said.
They got back into the Land Rover and Simon started it up.  “Well worth the trip,” Simon said.
“I have to admit that I enjoyed the company,” Cleo said, reaching over and touching his hand.
“Agreed,” Simon responded with a smile.  “Cleo, it all fits.  We’ve been on the right trail all along.
Just then his phone buzzed.  He answered it. 
“Simon, I just got the results back.  The metal is definitely iron.  The dating came back somewhere around the late seventeen hundreds.  The hair and tissue samples indicated that the creature is somewhat human.  There was something that they had never seen in the DNA before.  They couldn’t identify it.” 
“Thanks, Father, that is very helpful. One more favor, could you get those samples back and then forward them to me.”
“That shouldn’t be a problem.  Simon be careful.  May God go with you.”
The call ended.  “That was Father Madera.  The results came in.”
“I could tell by the conversation.  I could hear him too.”
“Well then, dear lady, a couple of stops on the way back.  See if you can look up a local scrapyard.  If so, ask them if they have any iron chains and if so, how much of it do they have.  Also see if any place has around twelve bags of salt.  Ask them if they have any Gorilla outdoor utility carts as well.”
“Yes sir,” Cleo barked mockingly.
Simon eased the Land Rover out from the curb.  “We need to get a plan together when we get back.”
“After we take a nap.  I’m so tired I can hardly think,” Cleo said teasingly.
“Nap first, plan second then,” responded Simon.
“Nap first, eat second, plan third.”
Simon started to laugh.  “As you wish, madam.”
“Damn straight,” Cleo said with a laugh.

*****

The nap lasted for two and half hours, some of it without sleep.  “I want a burger,” Cleo said as soon as she awakened. “Why don’t you order us some food while I jump in the shower?”
Simon ordered some burgers and fries from the Rain Forest Cafe and a six pack of Corona Light. He had them send it over to the hotel through DoorDash.  The girl on the phone from the restaurant told him the order would be there in thirty minutes.  “Plenty of time to join in the shower,” Simon thought to himself.  He got up off the bed and headed into the bathroom.
The order arrived right on time and the pair sat down and devoured their food.  Simon opened his beer and said, “Time to get down to business.”
Cleo put the last of her fries in her mouth and nodded in agreement.
“I’ll get up early tomorrow and head over to the airport.  I’ll drop the Land Rover in the lot and text Adam its location.  Then I’ll walk over to the Avis Car Rental and pick up the van I rented.  Once I get the van, I’ll drive it back over to the Land Rover and unload the chains, salt, and cart into it.  Then I’ll head out toward the old gravesite.”
“It seems like this thing only comes out after dark,” Cleo said, “I’ll meet you out there around 11.  We’ll spread the salt around the lake, trapping it in there.  If that’s indeed where it is.”
“That’s where the wolves come in.”
“What wolves?”
“Werewolves,” replied Simon.
“Are you serious?” asked Cleo in disbelief.  “Never mind.”
“Werewolves have been used by the church as trackers and hunters for centuries.  I met with a local pack leader earlier.  Her name is Amy.  She’ll have her folks here at 8 P.M.”
“You invited werewolves to come to the hotel?  Are you insane?”
“Cleo, Amy assured me that they won’t begin to transform until after 9.  That’s why I chose tomorrow night.  There will be a full moon.  If we leave a little after 8, that will give us plenty of time to get out to the gravesite.”
Cleo sat on the sofa, shaking her head, trying to fathom how Simon could discuss all of this in a calm normal manner.
“Are you listening to me?”  
“Every word.”
“Good, because your life depends on it.”
“Listen, Simon, I’m no rookie F.B.I. Agent.  I can handle myself.”
“I’m sure by now, you’ve realized this isn’t a normal F.B.I. case.”
“I get it.  You have to understand this is a bit hard for me to wrap my head around.”
“This is why I don’t want you involved.  You’re outside of your comfort zone here.”
“Listen, Slick.”  This is my case.  You’re the hired help, remember.”
“So, if you want my help, then please listen.  I’m the hired help because I’m the expert.”
The room went silent.
Cleo crossed her arms in front of her.  “Continue, Mr. Expert.”
“If you’ll lose the attitude, Agent Williams.”
Again, the room was silent.
“Cleo, I’m just making sure that we can get this thing and all walk away from it in one piece.  That’s all.”
“I’m sorry.  It’s just that I'm a little tired and cranky.  Besides that, I’m a whole lot nervous.  Please go on.”
“By the time we get there, the wolves should be about ready to change.  Werewolves have an ability to understand human language even after they transform.  Remember to bring the identification card from that nurse, the creature’s blood is on it.  We’ll let the pack sniff the badge, then Amy can take the pack out into the nearby woods to see if they get any scent of the creature.  If it’s not in the lake, maybe they can chase it back to us.”
“Okay, then what?”  Cleo asked.
“Adam will have arrived by then.  He’s bringing some heavy firepower from the Vatican.  Trust me when I tell you, this shit will kill anything.  If all else fails, we attack it en masse.  Adam has fought all kinds of creatures over the years and is afraid of nothing.  You and I have blessed bullets and I have a pair of silver daggers.  Along with the wolves, maybe we can get it down.  We can wrap the chains around it and maybe dismember it.  Look, a group of farmers in the 1800s managed to capture the thing and damn near kill it.  They didn’t have the knowledge or weapons that we have and they put that damn thing in the ground for over 200 years.  We can do this, Cleo.  We must do this.  Failure is not an option.”
“We can’t let the bad guys win,” Cleo said softly.
Simon rose from the chair. “I’m going to head back to my room.  I want to make sure I have everything packed that I need.  Besides, we both need a good night’s sleep.  We have to be clear headed tomorrow.”
Cleo rose and walked to him.  They put their arms around each other and hugged for a long time.  When she pulled her head away, she made a pouty face.  “I don’t want you to go.  I want you here with me.”
They kissed. Simon finally broke the kiss and whispered in her ear.  “If this all goes well, you can have me all to yourself for as long as you have time.”
“Or you get pulled away on to your next case,” added Cleo.
“Well, there’s that too.  We can discuss this tomorrow night over some expensive champagne.”
“I like the way you’re thinking, Mr. Morrison.”
Cleo kissed him again.  “Get going, Slick.  The sooner this thing’s over, the sooner we can get back to normal.  Let me tell you, after this, I could use a heck of a lot of normal.”
They both began to laugh.
“Sleep well, Miss Williams.”
“Good night, Mr. Morrison.”
As he turned to leave, she smacked him on his butt.
“You watch that thing tomorrow, mister.  Don't you go getting killed on me.”
He walked out the door and she locked it behind him.
“And don’t you go falling in love now, Cleopatra Williams,” she thought to herself.  “This may be Atlantic City, but love is not in the cards for you, young lady.”

*****

The night passed quickly.  Simon brewed a cup of coffee in his room.  As he waited for it, he went over his packed gear and checklist one more time.  After drinking the coffee, he grabbed what he needed off the nightstand and exited his room.  When he got to Cleo’s room, he knocked.  It took a bit, but she answered the door.
“How’d you sleep, gorgeous?” Simon asked.
“Surprisingly well, all things considered,” Cleo said, sounding a tad sleepy.
“I’m off to the airport.  I’ll see you in a little while.”  He kissed her on the cheek and headed down the hall to the elevator.

*****

Cleo pulled the black Chevy Tahoe in front of a white cargo van that was parked along the road. “Your timing is impeccable, Agent Williams,” Simon said kiddingly as he approached her vehicle from the back.  Are you ready to earn your paycheck?”
He led Cleo around to the back of the van and opened its doors.  He pulled out a Kelly-Green metal cart with large tires on it and set it on the ground.  “This should make it easier to haul the salt down to the lake.  I think we can transport about six bags at a time.  That’s two trips.  I’ll pull if you push.”
Cleo started to giggle.  “I think it would be more fun if I pull and you push.”
“You have a dirty mind, Agent Williams.”
They were both laughing as Simon loaded the bags of salt into the cart.
The terrain didn’t make it easy but in a little over an hour, they had all the bags unloaded at four different spots by the lake.  “Well, that’s the easy part.  Let’s catch our breath for a minute and then we’ll start spreading the salt around the lake.
Cleo began to catch a whiff of the Sulphur being omitted from the lake.  “You don’t think it’s watching us from in there, do you?”
“I doubt it.  The thing’s got to sleep sometime.  The tissue samples showed it’s mostly human.”
“Then how does it sleep under the water, Simon?”  asked Cleo.
“I did say mostly human,” Simon responded.  “Alright young lady, let’s get this finished.”  
He kneaded down and pulled up his pant leg.  He unstrapped a knife and handed it to Cleo.  He switched legs and unstrapped an identical knife from the other leg.  He then stood.
“Grab a bag at the top.  Take the knife and cut open about a two-inch slice at the center of the bottom of the bag.  Then drag the bag along the ground allowing the salt to pour out from the hole.  Take your time and make sure there is no break in the line you're leaving behind.  Once we meet on the other side, the entire lake will be encircled.  We’ll backtrack double checking the circle until we’re right back here.  If everything is good, we’ll head back to the hotel.”
It took nearly two hours to make sure that the lake was one hundred percent surrounded.  Simon hid the cart in some bushes in the event they might need it to haul a body later that night.  With that the pair headed back to their vehicles and then back to the hotel.
Once they were back at the hotel, each returned to their own rooms.  It was nearly time and they needed to get their head in the game.  There would be no room for error on this night.
Despite not being together, their actions mirrored one another’s.  Both took long hot showers.  Both order Chicken Caesar Salads from room service.  Both made sure that they were fully hydrated.  Both took a short nap.  Finally, both pulled out Bibles and began to read scripture.  Simon’s Bible was in Latin.  It had been given to him on his Confirmation as a young man by his uncle who had raised him.  Cleo’s bible was a King James version. It had been her fathers.
At six forty, Simon and Cleo got dressed.  Each wore solid black. Each made sure their gear was properly in place, double checked their weapons and holstered them, then looked at themselves in the mirror one last time.  Each checked their watch.  It read 7:30.
As Simon exited his room, he saw Cleo coming out of hers.  As he approached her, she could see he was carrying a vile with clear liquid in it.  “Here, take this and put it in your pocket.  If that thing gets a hold of you, pop the cap on this and throw the liquid in its eyes.  It’s Holy Water, with any luck it will burn like acid and you might be able to get free.  It’s a wild card that may or may not work if you play it.”
She took it from him in the hopes that she wouldn’t need it.  Cleo Williams had no plans of getting anywhere near that creature.
Neither said anything as they went down to the lobby. As the door slid open, Simon grabbed her by the hand and turned her toward him.
“I had room service bring up a bottle of the hotel's best champagne.  I put it in the ice bucket hours ago.  It should be good and cold when we get back.  Don’t play hero and get yourself killed tonight, Cleo.”
“Don’t worry about me.  Just focus on the mission, Simon.  I hate to drink alone, especially champagne.”
He pulled her close and they kissed.
“Hey love birds, take your act to Vegas for crying out loud.  I’m trying to get in the damn elevator here.”  
Both turned to see an elderly man waiting to get on the elevator.
“I’m sorry sir, we just got a little carried away,” blurted Simon.
“Just get the hell out of the way, I got about six drinks in me and I need to get up to my room,” said the man as he pushed past them.
“Let’s head out the front doors. Maybe we can catch your friends before they get in the building,” Cleo suggested.
“Stop worrying.  They're just werewolves.  I’ve worked with them dozens of times.  You can always count on them.  I think I told you before, one of my great grandmothers was a werewolf.  Take that look off your face, it’s not hereditary,” Simon said.
They stood outside waiting for the wolf pack to arrive.  About 15 minutes later, two Ubers pulled up.  Three individuals got out of each one.  Simon recognized one of them as Amy Wong. The couple went over to the group and Simon and Amy did the introductions.
“When we get there and after you’ve transformed.  Amy, I need you to take your pack out and circle the lake area. If you see the creature, don’t engage it.  Try to drive it back towards the lake.”
“If you see this woman, don’t go near her,” Cleo said, holding up the badge of Bonnie Mays.  “This thing is a shapeshifter.  It could look like her.”
“Each of you, take a good whiff of that card.  It’s got the creature’s blood on it.  If you catch that scent, be careful, you know that thing is probably nearby.  Once we’ve got it surrounded.  Your jobs are to make sure that it doesn’t escape,” said Simon.  “Oh, and one more thing, if things go south, everyone attack at once.”
“Simon, how do we know when things are going south,” Amy asked.
“You’ll know by the screams of the dying,” responded Simon very matter-of-factly 
The group followed him to where the van was parked and climbed in.
“Simon, two things before we go.  You don’t need to worry about riding us home and we’ll be leaving our clothes in the van.  Is there any way to drop them off at the library tomorrow?”
“Not a problem, Amy, assuming this thing doesn't kill all of us.  All right gang, it’s showtime,” Simon said kiddingly, trying to hide the nervousness that he felt.
The van left the parking lot and headed north towards Leed’s Landing.

*****

Simon pulled off the road near the gravesite location.  He shut the van off and checked his watch.  The time was 8:35. “How’s everybody doing back there?” Simon asked the pack.
“We’re good, Simon.  You two might want to get out of the van though, when the change comes it can be pretty gruesome,” advised Amy.
Cleo immediately got out and walked around to the front of the vehicle.  
“Hey Simon, leave one of the rear doors open so we can get out once we're finished.  We hate to feel trapped.  It wouldn’t be pretty.”
“No problem, I’ll do it now.  Hey guys, in case I don’t see you, thanks for everything.”
“Anything for The Man Upstairs, right?”  Hey, He sacrificed his son for us, it’s the least we can do.”
A chorus of “Amen” came from the back of the van.
“Simon, you should get out now.”
With those words, Simon exited the van and went to the back of it and opened a door.  He could hear strange noises coming from inside it.  The transformation had started.  He went to the front of the van and joined Cleo.  She was checking her pistol.
“We can’t afford to roll snake eyes tonight, Slick.  This is it, all or nothing.”
“We got this.”  Simon checked his watch.  “Where the heck is Adam?” he thought to himself.  It was nearly 9 o’clock.
One by one the wolves began to jump out of the van.  Amy brought her pack around and they stood in front of Simon and Cleo.  Simon recognized which one was Amy right away, even in wolf form she had pink hair on top of her head.
“Alright, go and see what you can find.  Remember do not engage the creature, flush it back towards us at the lake.  Happy hunting.”
Amy took off into the woods.  The other wolves chased off after her.
Simon checked his watch again; it was ten after nine.  “Come on, Adam.” Simon blurted in frustration.
Cleo gently grabbed Simon by the arm.  “Be quiet and listen,” she whispered.
The cry of a baby could be heard faintly.  It was coming from the woods.  She looked up at Simon.  “This is it.  Let’s roll.”
“Cleo, we need to wait for Adam.  He has the stuff we need to kill this thing.”
“Then you wait for him.  That thing could be killing someone down there.  I can’t wait.”
With those words, Cleo headed off into the woods.  Simon checked his watch again, it read 9:15. He looked down the road in both directions.  There were no vehicles in sight.
“Shit!” Simon said to no one, grabbed the chains from the van, and then ran off into the woods after Cleo.

*****

When Simon reached the lake, he quickly assessed the situation; years of training and experience had taught him to do so.  The creature sat on its haunches near the edge of the lake furthest from him.  In the woods around the perimeter of the lake, Simon caught glimpses of the wolves.  Their eyes would catch and reflect the moonlight.  “They came when they heard the cries,” he thought to himself.
Cleo was about ten feet in front of him.  She had her pistol drawn and aimed at the creature.
The crying started again.  Chills ran up Simon’s spine.  It sounded exactly like the cries of a frightened child. And then Simon heard it, a single word, “momma”.
“Momma, where are you?  Momma, I’m afraid.  Momma, please.  I need you.  Momma.”
Simon had dealt with a lot of messed up shit in his years as a hunter for the church but hearing this creature cry and speak like a baby was near the top of his list.
Cleo took a few steps forward.  “Why do you cry, child?”
Her words startled the creature.  Finding the source of the words, it took off splashing through the water heading directly toward Cleo.
“No!” Simon yelled and raced toward her, pulling his pistol from its holster in the process.
The creature hit the salt line in front of Cleo and bounced back as if it had hit an invisible barrier.
The creature shook its head.  It was stunned.  Regaining its senses, it spoke, “Trap me again.”
Cleo took another step toward it.  “You’re okay.  You’re just alone and afraid.  Look, no one has harmed you.”
The creature looked at her.  “People harm me.  People hurt me.”  He turned slightly to show the woman where his wings had been cut off.  “Momma hurt me too.”
“I won’t hurt you.  I promise.  But I can’t let you go around killing people.  It’s my job to protect people.”
“Momma no protect me.  She hurt me.  She didn’t want me.  I was just child.  I find ways to take care of myself.”  As he spoke, Simon swore that the creature's face began to morph into that of a little boy.
“Blood.  Blood helped me survive.  The blood of people like you,” the creature said, pointing to Cleo. “Momma said I was child of Devil and that I became.”  Its face began morphing back into that of a demon’s.
Cleo holstered her pistol.  She took another step toward the creature.  “I understand.  You hurt inside.  You feel alone.  I know those feelings.  I have no parents.  No one who loves me.  I am like you.  I am alone.  Let me help you so that your hurt can end.  You have felt it far too long.”
“Where are your parents?” asked the creature.
“An evil man killed my mother.  My father committed suicide.”
“I sorry,” the creature said.
Cleo took another step toward it.  Before Simon could yell to her, she stepped on the salt line, breaking the barrier.
“It’s no evil to kill.  Killing is to survive.  I sorry, but I must kill you.  I must survive.”  The creature lunged toward Cleo and sunk its claw into her left shoulder.  She screamed in pain.  The wolves rushed into the water, but Simon waved them off.  He holstered his pistol.  If he shot at the creature, he might hit Cleo.  Instead, he quickly pulled the silver daggers from their sheaths and hid them behind his arms as he strode forward toward the demon. 
“Put her down, you ugly son of a bitch.  You pansy ass momma’s boy.  Put her down now.  My momma didn’t love me, boo hoo.  You sicken me, you pathetic piece of shit.  Put her down and let’s see what you got, you big pussy.”
Suddenly there was a cry from the woods, Adam came running out wielding a sword with two hands. He rushed into the lake and began swinging it at the creature.  He managed to catch it on its side causing it to cry out in pain. In its rage, it began to swing Cleo at the new attacker like a weapon.
Simon stepped back and watched the madness.  “Adam, stop!  Back off, you might injure Cleo.”  As the giant of a man retreated, Simon recognized the sword he was carrying as Excalibur.
Slowly Adam backed away.  Cleo was losing blood rapidly.  Her brain was beginning to feel fuzzy and it was becoming hard to think.  She tried to reach her pistol but couldn’t get to it.  She remembered the vile Simon had given her.  She pulled it from her pocket, popped the lid from the top of it and threw it toward the creature.  She missed its eyes, but the Holy Water hit its cheek causing it to cry out as its skin began to bubble and burn.
From about forty yards in the woods, someone was trying to attempt a kill shot on the creature. The demon was flailing about too much to line up a good shot in the crosshairs of the weapon.  “I need the damn thing to drop the girl to get off any kind of decent shot,” the shooter said in a whisper.
“Alright, asshole, what’s it going to be? There's no way that you get out of this alive unless you put the girl down. I’m going to make you an offer that you can’t refuse.  I’m a man of God.  You can probably smell it on me.  If anyone is to blame here, it's Him.  Think about it.  He created your mother.  He let the stupid ass have twelve babies that she couldn’t take care of then you come along.  One too many mouths to feed.  So, what happens, she curses your ass and throws you out to die.  And so, you, well, you become what you are.  Great life, am I right or am I right?  You want to blame someone for the pathetic shitty-ass life you’ve had, blame Him.  Blame Him for all the pain and hurt.  Blame God for all your suffering.  He has forsaken you.  I’m as close as you’re ever going to get to Him.  Put the girl down and take me instead.”
The New Jersey Devil looked at Simon for a long while and then finally dropped Cleo into the water.  Two of the wolves rushed to her and dragged her out onto the shore.  Simon took two steps toward the creature and smiled.  “Tell your daddy I said hello when you see him.”
Simon launched himself toward the creature ramming both daggers into its chest.  The creature roared its head back in agony. “Now, Adam!” screamed Simon.
Before his friend could attack the creature, a flame shot out from the darkness of the woods striking the creature in its left temple.  It was quickly followed by another, which hit it in the left shoulder.  Immediately the flame spread out across the creature; within seconds it was completely engulfed in fire.  Even the lake had caught fire.
“Momma, momma, help me!  Momma, help!”  The creature shrieked those words over and over until it finally collapsed into the lake.
A few seconds later, someone walked out of the woods carrying a crossbow.  From the slight limp, Simon knew who it was immediately.
“Nothing but a little Greek Fire to warm things up if you know what I mean?  You look shocked to see me, Lover.  You should know better.  When you're in Atlantic City, you should always keep an ace up your sleeve.  So here I am saving your ass once again.”
She stopped in front of him.  He looked over at Adam.
“Don’t be pissed at him.  I wouldn’t take no for an answer.  And speaking of answers, you owe me plenty mister,” she said, poking him in the chest with an index finger.
“Well, Mr. Morrison, are you going to kiss me or not.  I mean since I saved you and everything,” Dorthey said, looking up into the man’s eyes.
Simon reached down and took her face in both hands and kissed her.  The kiss was different.  It was missing something.
“A little help here please,” Cleo said.  The wolves were licking her and scurrying about her frantically. 
“Adam, go check on her,” ordered Dorthey. “There’s a med kit in the bag over there.”
The big man pulled out the medical kit and went to the injured woman. Cleo could see the man’s face as the fire reflected upon it.
“What happened to you?” Cleo asked.
Adam had heard the question thousands of times.  He answered it the way he had been taught when asked. “I was in an accident involving farm equipment when I was a child back in Europe.”
“You’re full of crap.  I recognize you.  You look a little different now...your hair, your skin color is lighter, the stitches have faded some.  You’re from Shelley’s book.”
“In the fleshes, I’m afraid,” Adam said jokingly.
“How?” asked Cleo in disbelief.
“Who do you think told her that story?”
With what she had seen and experienced over the past several days, Cleo had no reason to doubt the man.
“You’ve got a lot of explaining to do, Simon.”
“Not now, Dorthey.  Help me drag that thing’s carcass out of the water.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence, Tiger, but let’s face reality here.  I got a bum leg now.”
Her words made him wince as pangs of guilt shot through him.
“Adam, change of plans, I’ll take care of her.  As soon as the flames die down, you help the Church Boy here drag that thing out of the water.”
It took both men and the pulling and several of the wolves to get the body out of the lake.  It was charred and stank of Sulphur.  Simon pulled the daggers from its chest.  He looked over at Adam.  “Take Excalibur and behead this thing. Let’s not take any chances.”
Simon plopped down on the ground.  He felt exhausted.  “Give me a minute, my friend, and I’ll help you chop this thing up.  We need to wrap it in plastic and get it on ice quickly.  Tomorrow we’ll get it on dry ice and ship it to the Vatican.  I’ll have them send a plane.  Is there any way you can escort it over?”
“I’ll just let Father Madera know.  Things are quiet out in L.A. right now.  I’m sure he won’t mind.”
“Thanks, amigo.  And thanks for coming out and saving my ass.”
“Don’t thank me, thank Dorthey.  She insisted on coming.  You know her, I couldn’t stop her.  Besides, she loves you, Simon.”
Simon looked over at her.  She was bandaging up Cleo’s arm.
“That’s one great guy you have there, Dorthey.  If you ever don’t want him, I’ll take him in a heartbeat,” said the F.B.I. Agent.
“I think you might have him already,” Dorthey responded, looking into the woman’s face.
“What is that supposed to mean?” asked Cleo.
“He just offered his life in exchange for yours.  You seem like a pretty smart girl.  Why do you think he’d do something like that, Agent Williams?”
“It was just a ploy for him to get closer to the creature.”
“Was it?” Dorthey said, pulling the bandage a little too tight around Cleo’s arm causing the agent to wince some.  “Did you sleep with him?”
“That’s for the two of you to discuss.”
“That wasn’t a no.  We’re all done here.  Let’s keep it that way, understand?  Take these for the next two weeks in case of infection.  The little yellow ones are for pain,” Dorthey said, handing the agent a plastic amber colored container with pills in it.  “If you have any problems, see a doctor. Otherwise, you should be fine and you can go on and have a nice life.”
Amy came and stood in front of Simon.  “Thanks, kid.  We couldn’t have done this without you guys. Take your pack and go hunt.”
She turned and raced off into the woods.  The rest of the wolves followed her.
Simon and Adam were busily dismembering the corpse when Dorthey yelled, “Hey, I'm going to go get the Land Rover.  I’ll take Agent Williams back to the hotel while you two finish up.  See you back there.”
As Simon and Adam were wrapping things up, the howling of a wolf could be heard off in the distance.

*****

When Simon reached his room at Harrah’s, he was exhausted.  Opening the door, he stepped inside.  The lights were on.  “Well, you're finally back, came Dorthey's voice.
“How did…”
“I get in your room?  Easy, I jimmied the lock.  Hey, I learned from the best,” she said with a smirk.
“The security in this hotel sucks,” Simon thought to himself.
Dorthey was reclining on the sofa.  She had on a long black t-shirt.  She looked beautiful.  Simon noticed the scars on her right leg from the surgery.  He felt the guilt sweep through him again.  Dorthey had her hair pulled back and looked elegant as could be, sipping champagne from a flute.
“I took the liberty of opening the bottle.  After all we have something to celebrate, Mr. Morrison. We’re both alive and are here together.  I poured you a glass.  It’s on the counter over there.”
Simon walked over and picked up the flute.  Dorthey got up from the sofa and went to him.  “A toast, Mr. Morrison, to us.”  She wrapped her arm through his and took a sip from her drink.  Simon did the same.
“You stink, my love,” said the beautiful blonde.  “Go shower.”
Simon set his drink down and went off to the bedroom.  He stripped down to his briefs and sat down on the edge of the bed.  He pulled his cell phone out from his pants and tapped in Cleo’s number.
“Hey,” came a voice on the other end.
“How are you feeling?” asked Simon.
“Not too bad.  Dorthey gave me some meds and some pain killers.  I’m doing alright.”
“Good.  Get some rest.  I’ll check on you in the morning.”
“Good night, Simon.”
He could hear the sadness in her voice.  “Good night, Cleo.”
“I didn’t hear the water running, so I came to check on you.  Who were you talking to, Simon?”
“Cleo.  I wanted to see how she was doing.”
“I asked her if you two slept together.  She didn’t say no.”
He didn’t respond.
“Do you love her?”
“I don’t know,” he said, dropping his head.
“What about us, Simon?  What about me?  Do you still want me?”
“I don’t know.  I need time to think about some things.”
“How much more time do you need, Simon?  You left me nearly three weeks ago without even saying a word.  What did I do?  You owe me an explanation!”
“I don’t know what to say.  I just need time to think.”
“Well, Mr. Morrison, I flew across this country to save your ass.  There’s the proof of my love for you.  While I’m waiting and wondering what you’re doing, you’re playing house with an F.B.I. Agent.  I’m going back to L.A. tomorrow, Simon.  I’m giving you two weeks to make up your mind.  If I don’t hear from you, then it’s over.”
Simon didn’t say anything.
“I’ll sleep on the sofa. Do you have a blanket and pillow for me?”
“Sleep on the bed, Dorthey.  I’ll sleep out there.”
“Actually, I’d prefer the couch.  My leg didn’t seem to hurt when I was on it”
Her words made him feel like a piece of crap.  Simon got up from the bed and grabbed a pillow and blanket from the closet and handed them to Dorthey.
She took them from him.  “I love you.  I can’t understand why you're doing this to me.”  A tear ran down her cheek.  “Good night, Simon.”
She turned from him and went into the living room.  A second later the lights went off.  Simon took a quick shower and went to bed.  He had a restless night of sleep.  When he woke in the morning, Dorthey was gone.  There was one word written on a piece of paper on the coffee table, “Decide.”

*****

Simon brought Cleo a banana-nut muffin and some coffee in the morning.  The pair shared breakfast and discussed the insane events from the night before.  When the conversation made its way to talking about Dorthey, things changed quickly.
“Listen to me, Morrison, I’m going to make this easy for you.  That woman loves you.  You will never find anyone that loves you the way she does.  That’s a blessing, Simon.  Trust me when I say that.  You need to go back to her and work things out.  It won’t be easy.  Besides, we have no future together. The last few days have been great, don’t get me wrong.  But face it, we were just a couple of lonely and confused people that got to share some special time together.  You know I'm right.”
Simon nodded his head and smiled at her.  “You really are something special, Cleo.”
“I know that,” she responded with a smile.
The two stood and embraced for a long time.  “I need to get going.  I have to pack my stuff and get back to D.C.”
Simon kissed her on the cheek.  “Thanks for everything, Cleo.  If you ever need me…”
“I got your number in my phone.  Get going, Slick, before you make me cry.”
“I’m going,” Simon said, picking up his coffee cup from the table.  He paused at the door for a second and looked back at her.  She smiled her gorgeous smile and gave him a little wave.  He closed the door behind him wondering if he’d ever see Cleopatra Williams again.

*****

Kathy Kelly received a package in the mail.  It was from someone named Simon Morrison.  She searched her memory and recalled that there had been a detective by that name that had been to her museum a few weeks back.  
She opened the package and found a plastic bag containing a chain and some metal pieces.  There was another bag with what looked like coarse black hair in it. Kathy opened a note that was with the bags and read it.

Dear Kathy, 

I enjoyed my visit to your museum.  Your help was invaluable.  As promised, here are a few things to add to your New Jersey Devil collection.  The chain and the rusted metal are from a gravesite thought to be where the creature had once been buried.  The hair is believed to have belonged to the creature. It has been tested in a lab in California and was proven not to be entirely human.

Simon

*****

It had taken a while, but life was getting somewhat back to normal in L.A.   He had worked several issues out with Dorthey, but something just didn’t feel the same anymore.  Perhaps Dorthey had lost some trust in him and their relationship as well.  Simon realized that wounds take a long time to heal whether they were mental or physical.  Maybe Dorthey just needed more time.
He had rented a boat.  The couple was sailing out to Catalina Island to spend a few days together away from the craziness of L.A.  Simon was enjoying steering the ship through the bright blue water of the San Pedro Channel. He liked the feeling of the wind blowing through his hair.  
Dorthey was spread out on the deck wearing an incredibly small black bikini.  She had a pair of aviator sunglasses on to protect her eyes.  She looked more relaxed and happier than Simon had seen her in days.  Looking at her made him realize that he loved her more than he cared to admit.
His cell phone buzzed in his pocket.  He pulled it out and read the number.  It belonged to Cleo Williams.  He didn’t answer the call.

*****

Back in Washington, Cleo sat alone in her apartment with a pregnancy test in her hand.  There were two red lines on the device.  She was with child.  She needed to talk to Simon to see what he wanted to do.  She had sent him away and now needed him back.  Cleopatra Williams felt alone and afraid.


A Curious Night in the Forest
By April Ward

There’s so much we don’t know about our planet.  There are many unanswered questions.  Perhaps, my story will leave all of you thinking I’m crazy, but I assure you, this is the truth.  One day there will be physical proof of my tale. 
I suppose you could say I’m a bit odd or at least that’s what they tell me.  My hippy parents named me Flora, but they should have named me Biota after my true love.  I have a passion for fungi.  It all started when my grandpa took me into the forest and taught me what mushrooms we could eat, and which ones were poisonous.  I fell in love with them.  They brought to mind fairies and elves.  The many shapes and colors seemed magical to me.  I loved them so much that I went to school to become a biologist specializing in mycology.  My passion leads me deep into the forest, which is another reason I love my job.  All I know is that there are many things deep in the forest that man has yet to discover.
My research focuses on both practical applications and basic science. For example, applied research on mushroom-forming fungi focuses on subjects such as mushroom cultivation, biofuels, and the production of novel leather-like materials from fungi.  Basic research on these organisms includes studies on mushroom ecology and biodiversity.  Sometimes I work in the lab, but what I love is fieldwork.
It was a cool September morning when I packed up my gear to head deep into the West Virginia forest.  The weather was perfect for fungi and I’m always up for a long hike. 
I arrived at my pal David’s house bright and early.  David is a good friend, even though he’s usually late for our expeditions.  Today was no different.  I beeped my horn a few times, conscious of the fact that his neighbors were probably cursing at me.  About a half-hour later David came begrudgingly dragging his gear down the sidewalk.  I looked at him with a disapproving scowl that was hiding my actual feelings.  He is comical to me.  His blonde surfer-dude looks and his laid back attitude were so opposite of my dark curly hair and completely over analytical ways. We were the most unlikely duo to ever walk the unknown parts of the forest, but somehow we worked well as a team.
“Hey, Flora,” David yelled as he haphazardly threw his stuff in my Jeep. “The original fun guy is ready to find the mushroom that will save the world!”
I shook my head and feigned frustration, “Well, I’m pretty sure you’ll miss finding it by about a half an hour.”
He looked down at his t-shirt and cargo pants and laughingly replied, “Hey, I’m fashionably late. It takes a lot to look this good.”
Off we went for a long drive followed by an even longer hike to a spot I always wanted to investigate.  We listened to music and laughed a lot on our way like we always do.  He introduced me to some music he just loved and I introduced him to my favorites.  As usual, our taste was very different, but we found common ground on a few songs and teased about others. 
It was still early when we arrived at our destination.  We unloaded our supplies, strapped it all onto our backs, and got all geared up for our adventure.  As soon as we stepped into the forest I was seeing various familiar fungi on the ground and the trees.  I had to stop myself from admiring them or we would never make camp before nightfall.   It was so hard to restrain myself.
Partway in, David started singing a song he had made up to make me laugh “She has dark hair, she’s a little square, and I’m pretty sure she’ll be eaten by a bear, but that’s okay because she found the king of fungus today.”
I laughed heartily at his silly lyrics and sang back, “He’s not too great, he’s always late, a dark-haired woman may seal his fate, but that’s okay because he always works for no pay.”
“Nice,” he chuckled, “we could always write music together if you find you’re losing interest in the shrooms.”
We found a few cool mushrooms on the trail.  I bagged some to put in our dinner.  Wild puffballs, chanterelles, oyster mushrooms, chicken mushrooms and even a very rare tasty morel, all made it into my sack.  This forest was the perfect place to discover a new fungus.  I was filled with hope. 
After a long hike, we finally made it to the place I wanted to set up camp.  Surrounded by glaciated rock, oaks, maples, and evergreens, it was a breathtaking site for our camp. The heady aroma of the moist leaves and the earthy smell of mushrooms filled the air.  I feel at home in the forest and so happy to be here.
“Hmm, I can feel the fairy folk all around us here,” announced David with a bow and a smile. 
“Yes, I believe you’re correct sir,” I said in an English accent, then giggled, “I believe there may be mischief afoot.”
David tried to start a fire but handed the job over to me and he went to get stuff out to help prepare our meal.  
Once the fire was ready I prepared us a yummy mushroom stew.  We ate it with delicious bread that my mom made me for the trip.  Both of us complained about being too full, but we were happy.
After we ate David pulled out a bottle of his homemade Raisin Jack and exclaimed, “This is going to bring the fairies out of the woodwork!”
“Oh no,” I replied, “but it may get us thrown in an elf prison. You know this is a bad idea, right?”
“Oh, I know it’s a bad idea, but we have to do it,” he said while laughing.
The fire was perfect, the Raisin Jack was warming us up and the conversation was light and fun. That’s when I realized I hadn’t set up my time-lapse camera. 
“Crap, I forgot my camera,” I said loudly jolting David from his peaceful relaxed state. “I know the perfect place to put it.”
“You want me to come with you?” asked David  “Do you think you can avoid being stolen by an elf?”
“I’ll be fine, even if I am stolen by an elf,” I declared in an amused voice.  “But will the elves be fine if they steal me?”
“That, my dear, is a good question,” David scolded, “You better be nice to our forest friends,”
I gave him a wink and off I went with my camera and a flashlight to the perfect spot between some gorgeous rocks with a moist, rotting tree between them.  I was setting everything up when I smelled a very strong earthy scent.  It was overwhelming.  Then I heard rustling leaves.  I could feel something looking at me, but thought it was probably some animal, so I finished setting up. I looked over in the direction of the sound.  When my flashlight light shined on the area I noticed some very unique mushrooms in various colors growing in what seemed like a path formation.  I should have seen them earlier.  It’s impossible that I didn’t.  I decided to go back to David and investigate in the morning.
When I got to David I could tell he was feeling good.  I poured another cup of Jack and sat down to think.
“Why so serious,” David said in his best Joker voice.
“I don’t know,” I replied “It’s strange to say the least. There’s a path of oddly colored mushrooms that weren’t there when we got here.”
David looked intrigued, “That can happen though, right?”
“Well, usually, not that fast,” I explained  “and definitely not that many that fast.  It’s very strange.”
David looked excited as he proclaimed, “We have to go over there!  Maybe it’s something new and we’re discovering it!”
“Okay,” I admitted, “I’m not sure why I didn’t check them out better while I was there.  I just felt like something was watching me.”
“Cool,” he laughed, “fairy folk coming for my Raisin Jack.”
We grabbed our flashlights and headed to where I placed my camera.  When we got there we both fell silent.  It was incredible, beautiful, and not like anything I had ever witnessed before.  The ground was glowing.  
“More than 70 species of bioluminescent mushrooms exist on earth, but they don’t all exist in one place,” I exclaimed in awe, “This is the most bizarre thing I have ever seen!”
“So what do you think is happening here?” David asked excitedly, “Did we discover something?”
As I looked around at all the varieties of glowing mushrooms, I tried to understand what was happening.  It was breathtaking.  Like a fireworks show on the ground, so many colors, shapes, and sizes.  Some on rotted trees, some on rocks, and some on the ground. I was utterly confused and then I saw it.  The rare Neonothopanus gardneri! 
“What is it, Flora,” David asked, “You look like you saw a ghost.”
“I think I am looking at a ghost.”  I exclaimed in shock, “See that one right there, glowing green?  That’s a Neonothaopanus gardneri.  It has been a ghost since 1840, but in 2005 was rediscovered in Brazil.  It’s a long way from home.”
“What would cause this,” David asked perplexed, “Does this happen?”
At that moment, the overwhelmingly earthy smell filled our senses and we heard an odd sound followed by footsteps behind us, when we turned around we both saw a small humanoid creature.  We only got a glance of it and then it scurried off leaving all sorts of fungi in its path. 
I gave out a small scream and David yelled, “What the hell!”
At this point, we decided to run back to our campfire.  Upon return, we noticed that our camp had been ransacked.  It was a mess and there were different varieties of mushrooms growing on everything.  We both sat down close to the fire and threw more wood on it.  I guess we thought the fire would keep us safe.  Both of us were freaked out.  After a moment of silence and some thinking, I remembered something I had read about when I was younger. 
“David, I’ve been thinking about this.” I said skeptically,  “I think I know what it could be, but it’s going to sound crazy.”
“It’s going to sound crazier than it looks,” he said in disbelief, “Crazy would fit this night.”
“I used to love to read about cryptids,” I explained.  “There was one particular cryptid that stands out in my memory.  They call it a Trenti.”
“You mean like Bigfoot?” David whispered while looking around, “Are these Trenti dangerous?”
“No, they’re not malicious but they’re known to be a bit mischievous with a fondness for women,” I replied while thinking, “They come from Northern Spain mythology.  They consider them to be goblins if I remember correctly.  They usually live deep in the forest and they resemble mushrooms, moss, and leaves.”
“Flora, that’s how I would describe what we saw,” David said with excitement, “I think we saw one of those Trenti!”
“Maybe David, it all seems surreal,” I thought about it.  “Are you sure it wasn’t the Raisin Jack?”
That’s when we smelled the strong scent and heard the footsteps near our tents.  Both of us slowly turned around to face our intruder and saw a beautiful bouquet of Ghost Pipe flowers mixed with some purple Amethyst Deceiver.  It was so perfectly done and placed right at the door of my tent. 
David got a wide smile on his face and sighed, “I guess they really do like the ladies.”
I looked at him and murmured, “Yeah, and I feel honored.”
David and I fell asleep by the fire, leaning back to back. When we woke up in the morning we were covered in dew and surrounded by fungi, but none of the exotic stuff like the night before.  It then dawned on me that I set up my time-lapse camera, so we probably caught the Trenti on it. We quickly took off to get the camera, but when we got there we couldn’t find the camera, and all of the glowing mushrooms were gone.  We had no proof of what we saw.  We were both disappointed but we had to agree that the poor creature would have been hunted if we had proof of it. 
The walk back seemed to take forever, we were both lost in thought about what happened to us.  Neither one of us wanted to leave, but we knew we couldn’t stay longer.  We felt like we were given a gift to see a mythological creature and we agreed that it would remain our secret.  No one would believe us anyway.  That’s when I looked back into the forest and saw a mushroom that I had never seen before.  It was amazing, bright blue with specks of yellow.  I couldn’t put a name to it.  It was huge and perfect.  I had finally found the holy grail of mushrooms!  
I squealed with excitement, “David, I found it!  I found an undocumented mushroom!”
David ran up to my side and stared at the perfect fungus then he gasped, “Flora, I think you may have met your soul mate last night and he left you a present.”
“I think you’re right,” I chuckled, “and I truly love him!”
I put the unique specimen in a special bag, David put his arm around my shoulder and we headed home from our perfect adventure, bonded for life by our meeting of the Trenti.  We never saw a Trenti again, but we never forgot our magical night. 


13 Bends
By Doug Ward

Inspired by paranormal TV shows, my friends and I always wanted to do an investigation of our own.  We wanted to find proof of its existence or that the shows were an outright lie.  Living in Harmer, Pennsylvania, we heard many tales of a road that the locals called 13 Bends.  The people who lived there seemed to have many supernatural things happen in and around their homes.  This is the story of what happened to us.
Teddy and I picked up the girls just when it was getting dark.  We had some flashlights, snacks, water, and some baby powder.  I know the last item raises some eyebrows, but its use will become apparent in a moment.  I swear.
As we approached the road, Teddy’s girlfriend, Jill, was already showing signs of trepidation.  “Are you guys sure that you want to do this?”
“Yes,” we all said in unison.  “This is going to be fun,” Mandy finished.  “You’ll see.”
“Promise me you’ll leave if I get scared,” and asked Teddy, who was driving.
He rubbed her knee.  “I will.  Just say the word and I’ll drive us out if things get out of hand.”
She sighed her relief and turned her attention out the passenger window.  I drew Mandy close, putting my arm around her shoulder in the back seat.
As we turned right and began up a slight incline, Teddy stopped the car.
“What are you doing?” Jill demanded sheepishly.
Teddy pulled the baby powder out of the center console.  “Dusting the car.  It is rumored that children’s handprints will appear in the dirt after you drive up the road.  I want to put that to the test.”
That being said, he opened his door and began applying the powder to his clean car.  As he went around the perimeter, he sprinkled and puffed the white powder, giving a coating to nearly all the car’s body.  After he was finished, he plopped back into the driver’s seat and buckled in.
As the car resumed up the hill, I noticed that this was a truly spooky place indeed.  Trees arched over the road, their bare branches seemingly reaching toward us as we passed by.  The moon was nearly full, casting a pale light that turned everything in eerie black and white.
As we passed one home, Jill commented, “I wouldn’t live here.”
“I have a friend that does,” I replied.  “His family had a dog that constantly barked toward the stairs that lead to the attic.”
“What did they do?” Mandy asked.
“Nothing.  The dog ran away.  They never saw it again.”
Teddy gave an uneasy laugh.  “Smart dog!”
“They say animals can see things we don’t,” I replied.
We made our way along several bends in the road before Teddy suddenly stopped the car.  As he reached to open the door, Jill grabbed his arm.  “What are you doing?”
“Checking for handprints,” he remarked offhandedly.
Gravel crunched under his boots as he circled the automobile.  His flashlight scanned its body as he made his way around the vehicle.  When he had returned to his door, his light quickly shifted to the woods.  We all peered in that direction trying to figure out what he was looking for.
“What’s wrong?” Jill cried.
“I thought I heard something.”
“Get in the car,” she urged.
After a moment of scanning the surrounding woods, he conceded and once again sitting and closing the door behind him.
I leaned forward, retracting my arm from around Mandy.  “A sound in the woods?”
“No,” he confided.  “A little girl’s voice.”
Mandy shot forward.  “No way.  What did she say?”
“I couldn’t tell.  Hey, let’s record from here on and see what we can capture.”
We all fumbled with our phones and set them to record any audio.  We sat there for a few minutes and asked some questions, but they all went unanswered.  Eventually, we got bored and started forward once again.
“I’m getting scared,” admitted Jill, a quiver in her voice.
“It was probably the wind,” I speculated.  “I say we keep driving.  Nothing can happen if we stay in the car.  Did you see any handprints?”
Teddy put the car into drive.  “None.  Let’s go a little more. What do you say, Sweet Pea?”
“Sweet Pea?” Mandy and I chorused.
“Just get it over with,” Jill muttered, obviously bothered by us knowing her pet name.
Teddy took up a slow pace, creeping up the road.  We were all alert and looking for some sign of paranormal activity.  My friend was an honest person.  He never told me a lie and if he said he heard a child’s voice, I believed him.
Our phone’s glow illuminated the interior of the car as we crawled along a few more bends.  Teddy broke the silence.  “It is said that an old orphanage used to be at the top of the hill.  It burned down, killing 13 girls.  Who are said to be buried, one on each of the thirteen bends in the road.”
“Why would they do that?” asked Jill.
Teddy shrugged.  “People back then had strange ways.  Who knows.”
“I don’t believe it,” Mandy chimed in.
“Well, that’s what I heard.”
As we went around the next bend, it startled us to hear several thumps on the side of the car.  “That’s it!”  Jill nearly screamed.  Let’s get out of here!”
Teddy must have agreed because he tromped down on the accelerator and the car sped up dramatically.  We raced through the remaining bends; the car fishtailing after each turn.  As we approached the last, the translucent forms of small children blocked our way.
Teddy swerved onto a side road to avoid hitting them.  Directly ahead of us was a burning building.  Stomping on the brake, the car went into a long skid before coming to a halt.
What was a raging building fire a moment ago was now smoking ruin.  We all saw it. It was burning one moment, then smoldering a second later.  As we sat there, the smoke began to clear.
“Did you see that?” I muttered.
“We should go have a look,” stated Teddy.
Jill grabbed his arm again.  “I’m not leaving the car.”
“Fine, stay here.  I’m going.  Someone could need help.”
“We’re going too,” Mandy volunteered.
After swallowing my astonishment, I opened the car door and joined my two friends.
“Close the doors!” Jill demanded.  “I’m staying in here!”
I closed my door with a slam.  “It’s your funeral.”  When she glared at me, I added, “Sorry.  Poor choice of words, I guess.”
As I turned to join the other two, a bright light shone directly in my face.  “Get that light outta my face!” I growled while pushing the flashlight away.  “What are you doing?”
“Checking for handprints,” replied Teddy.
The light being shined in my face ruined my night vision.  It would be several minutes before it returned.  “Anything?”
“Nope.”
Mandy stepped between us.  “I can’t believe you guys.  We see a bunch of fully formed ghosts that run us off the road and you guys are disappointed that they didn’t leave prints.”
“Sure, we saw them, but we can’t prove it,” Teddy explained flippantly.
Jill stomped off toward the ruins and I hurried to catch up.  The smoke had nearly dissipated, thin tendrils clung to the ground.  “Notice anything weird?” she asked.
“This whole fire thing is weird.”
“If there was a fire a few minutes ago,” she explained, “where’s the smell.”
I breathed in deeply through my nose.  “There’s just a hint of it in the air.”
“That’s just it.  The smell should be overwhelming if the fire was real.  I think we just witnessed an event from the past.”
“That would fit the stories everyone has been telling us,” I quipped.
We entered what was left of the front door of what we guessed was the famed orphanage.  There was little left.  From its remote location, the fire must’ve burned unchecked for some time.  Records of the event were nearly nonexistent.  The majority of our information came from second and third-hand stories.  As Teddy joined us, Mandy sat down on a part of a wall.
“Let’s do an EVP session,” I suggested.
We actually did three.  After a few minutes of us asking questions, then we reviewed the recordings.  It felt really weird, asking questions to nothing, but had seen it done on TV so it was worth a try.  Each session had the same results.  Nothing answered us.
“Do you think they are scared of our recording devices?”
“Who's scared of an iPhone?” chided Teddy.
“I don’t know,” she started while standing up and putting her phone in her back pocket.  “Maybe somebody who had no technology what-so-ever?  Think about it.  Those ghost hunting shows have Civil War era soldiers turning on flashlights.  How would they know how to do that?  I say we try something more simple.”
We watched as my girlfriend knelt on the floor and cleared forest debris from the floor, leaving a healthy coating of dirt behind.  “Do you want to play a game?”
Teddy and I stepped closer to see what she was doing.  She drew a hash mark in the dirt and then added an x in one corner.  “Play tic tax toe with me, please.”
Something made a loud crack in the car's direction.  It sounded like a small, dry branch.  We all looked in that direction, but could see nothing.
“No,” stammered Mandy.  As Teddy and I returned our attention to her, she added, “I can’t believe it!”
Following her astonished look, my eyes went to the makeshift game board.  There was an o in the center space.
Teddy quickly accused, “You drew that when we weren’t looking.”
She gave him an admonishing look.  “You think I am a liar?”
My friend withered under her glare.  Unable to meet her eyes, he stared at the game space in front of her.
It was then that we heard a small but unmistakable voice say, “Beware.”
To say that we all jumped was an understatement.  Mandy shot to her feet as we all turned toward the place where the voice came from.  It was behind me.  There was no one there.
“Jill?” Teddy called in the off chance that his girlfriend joined us.  I began to feel that he was right.  The earlier branch snapping could have indicated her approach.
As I calmed somewhat, I heard a quivering voice behind me.  “Guys.  I think you should see this.”
I turned and looked at the spot that Mandy had cleared.  The game that she had made was whipped clean.  In its place were three words.  He is coming.
The hair raised on the back of my neck as I met my girlfriend’s eyes.  Just then, an unseen force pushed Teddy forward, as another disembodied echoing voice cried, “Run!”
That was all the prompting we needed.  He raced toward the car, crashing through a patch of dry brush.  The car doors were all locked and a very frightened Jill reached across the front seat and fumbled at the driver’s side lock.  “What’s wrong?” she asked in a meek voice.
Teddy didn’t hesitate. He dropped into his seat and pushed the button, which released the locks.  As we climbed inside, he fired up the engine and without pause put it in drive and we raced out of there at a dangerous speed.
We sped down the hill, taking turns fast for the road conditions.  the car fishtailed at every bend.  We were all screaming until we pulled onto familiar roads and the safety of somewhere other than the road called 13 Bends.
We stopped in front of a shopping plaza.  Just seeing other humans made us feel as though our ordeal had ended.  Without speaking, the four of us exited the car and gathered on the driver’s side.  It was then that I saw them.  All over the back of the car were handprints.


House of Straw
By Cassidy Raine Wolters

Lights flashed and sirens blared.  Jude Frazier had a police escort to the San Francisco International Airport.  And this wasn't the first time.  Far from it.  You see, Dr. Frazier was a brilliant microbiologist who was often called in to deal with deadly epidemics.  This time he was off to Alaska.
Now in his mid-forties, Frazier was balding on top but still had lots of hair on the sides.  But what was on the inside of his skull was far more important than what was on the outside.  His was the kind of mind that comes along once a generation.  As a child, he reveled in solving puzzles.  In fact, his name appeared in the Guinness Book of World Records for solving the Rubik's Cube in record time.
After earning degrees from Stanford and Caltech he worked for the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta for over a decade before moving to San Francisco and joining a think tank called the Montgomery Foundation.
At the airport he met his assistant, Blair, and they were whisked away on a private jet to Anchorage, Alaska.  Frazier chuckled when he saw Blair's bad haircut, but that's what made her so endearing.  Unlike most women, she simply wasn't concerned with her looks. 
When their plane set down, they found Corporal Harris of the Army's 101st Airborne Division waiting to ferry them over Denali National Park in his helicopter.  An adrenaline junkie whose dream was to race on the NASCAR circuit, Corporal Harris was the epitome of an Army pilot, right down to his aviator sunglasses and military buzz cut.
Frazier and Blair had been kept in the dark about the situation until this point.
"So, what's this all about?" Frazier asked as their helicopter lifted off.  "And it better be good because I'm missing my nephew's bar mitzvah." 
Corporal Harris hesitated before giving a vague explanation.  "Some sort of mysterious outbreak in Fairbanks.  Half the population's been infected."
"Symptoms?" asked Blair.
"It eats away at soft tissues.  After a week, the victim's eyes and tongue are gone."
"I see," said Frazier and they fell silent for a while.
The sun was just coming up and they were low enough to the ground to take in the wonders of Denali National Park.  They saw caribou crossing the high alpine tundra and grizzlies catching salmon in the ice cold streams that ran down from the snowy mountains. 
Corporal Harris finally broke their silence when Denali was far behind.  "You know there's some sort of cult just outside of Fairbanks that's run by an old lady with six fingers named Nanuk.  She says the plague has been sent by Tartann, an ancient Eskimo god, to punish the non-believers."
"That's absurd," Frazier said.
"Better be careful what you say," the pilot warned.  "That could be considered blasphemy and Tartann might make you do penance."
"You can't possibly believe in that occult mumbo jumbo stuff," Blair declared.
"I don't know.  There sure have been some strange things happening lately," Corporal Harris said.  "I know of a group of hunters that ate a polar bear and their skin started to peel off.  The polar bear is the cult's sacred animal."
"Religion as ersatz science," Frazier mumbled.
"What the hell is that supposed to mean?" asked the pilot.
"Ersatz means a poor substitute," Frazier explained.  "There is no truth in religion.  Only science.  Polar bears are an offshoot of brown bears.  A genetic mutation allows their kidneys to absorb the vast amounts of vitamin A found in seals, their only food source.  When humans eat polar bear kidneys, the vitamin A overwhelms their defense system and makes their skin fall off."
"That's an unpleasant thought," Blair said.
"Yes, but there's nothing mysterious about it.  We simply can't absorb that much vitamin A.  It's science, not some magical hocus pocus from an angry Eskimo god."
"I don't know," said Corporal Harris, still not entirely convinced.
"Just wait and see," Blair said.  "When we get to Fairbanks, Frazier and I will run some tests and come up with a perfectly logical explanation for the current outbreak."
"There is no angry Eskimo god," Frazier announced with complete confidence.
The moment those words left his lips, the skies began to darken rapidly.
"Some kind of freak storm rolling in," Corporal Harris said.  "We're still half an hour from Fairbanks.  Better double check your restraints.  Things could get a bit hairy from here on in."
That proved to be an extreme understatement as the helicopter was quickly caught in a punishing squall.  Hurricane-force winds buffeted the craft while hailstones the size of golf balls dented the metal and threatened to smash the windshield.
A flash of lightning and an ominous roar of thunder made it clear that things might get even worse.
And they soon did.  Lightning struck the helicopter's blades, sending the chopper into a violent downward spiral.  Corporal Harris was a phenomenal pilot, one of the Army's best.  He was able to maintain some sense of control, but he couldn't prevent the inevitable as they crashed into the ground with a violent explosion of snow and dirt.  The storm came out of nowhere and it just as quickly disappeared.
Frazier blacked out during the impact but he came to sometime later.  His restraints had held.  Blair hadn't been so lucky.  Her blood-soaked body was violently thrown around the cabin.  
Frazier found the pilot's mangled remains a hundred yards from the smoking wreckage.  It wasn't a pretty sight.  Well, there was nothing to do now but head towards Fairbanks, so he gathered some gear and began the trek. 
He hadn't gone far when he noticed a group of people in the distance.  They were coming straight towards him.  Perhaps they'd seen the crash.  At the very least, they’d noticed the plume of smoke stretching skyward.
Five minutes later Frazier found himself face-to-face with a company of nearly fifty members.  Their leader held up a hand in greeting.
Frazier's blood ran cold when he noticed there were six fingers on her hand.
"I am Nanuk," the elderly woman announced.  "And you are a non-believer who has uttered treasonous words against Tartann, and for that, you must be punished."
As she spoke, the skies began to shimmer.  Frazier felt his skin prickle and his hair stand on end as vast amounts of static electricity gathered in the air.
Moments later, the great Eskimo god appeared and pointed an accusing finger at the world-renowned microbiologist.  A bolt of green lightning shot forth and flooded Frazier's body with an inconceivable amount of energy.  His eyes and tongue sizzled and vanished into wisps of smoke. 
"The paltry house of straw that the false god of science has provided you cannot withstand the mighty tempest of the all-powerful Tartann," Nanuk said vehemently as Frazier's dead body collapsed on the snow-covered ground.  


The Grey Area
By Jerry Clark

Sweat poured down the face of senior English teacher Alex Draven as he and his colleagues sat in the principal’s office on Friday afternoon June 15. His dark blue shirt was sticking to him as he fanned himself with his gradebook. It was one week from graduation, and the decade-long streak of a 100 percent graduation rate was in jeopardy for Spring City High School. Less than 100 percent graduation meant the school’s funding would be reduced for the coming school year. 
“Alright people, let’s get started,” said Steve Smithead, acting principal. “We have a serious problem. We have a senior failing English, Science, Social Studies, and he has not completed his senior project. If he does not pass, we stand to lose our funding and I will be out of a job next year if that happens.” 
“It doesn’t sound like we have a problem,” Draven piped up. “It sounds like you have a problem. I’m tired of dropping the standard so that we can project an aura of excellence we honestly don’t uphold.”
“Well, it’s that aura that allows us to pay your salary …,” Smithead snapped back. “Everyone’s salary … So, either we come up with a way to get this kid through, or I’ll suggest furloughs for this fall!” 
“Well, what are we supposed to do?” science teacher Makenna Martinez asked with a panicked tone. “I just got hired and I don’t want to look for a new job.” 
“Me either,” said Al Bello, the social studies teacher who was one year away from retirement.
All the teachers agreed, but none were willing to budge and allow Jonah Thomas to just slide through. 
“Well, Draven,” Smithead snapped. “You’re always full of fantastic ideas. Why don’t you bail us out?” 
“So, we have until Monday to have Jonah complete basically a year of work and encompass three areas of study?” Draven asked. “Okay, so why don’t we have him investigate the myth of the Gray Ravis? Jonah can camp out behind the school in the woods for the weekend and research the environment and weather conditions for his science portion of the project. He can observe the layout of the land, the history of the community and the area about the legend for his social studies portion, and then write up the full report and present it to me for his English grade.”
“You can’t be serious,” Bello shouted as he slammed his fist on the table spilling everyone’s coffee. 
“Well done!” Smithead said and slammed his hand down on his desk. “And you can be the faculty advisor who supervises him this weekend as he works on the task!”
“Wait, I have to stay with him?” Draven asked. 
“Well, of course,” Smithead said. “We can’t have a kid unsupervised working on a project on school grounds. Makenna is a girl, so that would not be appropriate, and Al is too old … besides, it was your idea.”
Draven bit his lip, knowing that arguing with him would be futile. 
“Call him down and I’ll brief him …,” Draven mumbled in a defeated tone. 
As the team waited, curiosity got the better of Martinez. “The Gray Ravis? What is that?” she asked trying not to laugh. 
“Jesus …” Draven exhaled. “It’s an urban legend in Spring City. The woods behind the school are said to have all sorts of supernatural ‘things’ that have occurred. There is a story of a girl getting sucked into an alternate world, portholes to hell, but the Gray Ravis might be the oldest legend. Growing up here, I heard of people seeing it … him … a large ape-like creature that apparently kidnaps people and takes them to his underground dwelling where they are never heard from again.” 
“Really?” Martinez said, unable to contain herself. “That’s so stupid …” 
“Yes, yes it is,” Draven responded. “And please don’t think I was serious with this idea. I was being sarcastic, but Smithead is a lazy know-it-all. I should have known better than to say anything.” 
“Well, good luck,” Martinez said. 
“Yes,” Bello piped up as he was sopping up the coffee with the lousy brown paper towels the school provided, which don’t absorb anything, just push liquid around. “I have seen the Gray Ravis. Several times in fact. I see him in the morning if I arrive at school before sun up. I’ve seen him in the evening when I stay for the kids’ football or basketball games … he exists.”
“And he has never tried to capture you?” Draven smirked. 
“I didn’t say that,” Bello’s head sunk. “He did come at me once, but I was able to escape. I was much younger, but he tried to grab me after a basketball game one evening. It was in my younger days, and I was able to fight him off.”
“And you’ve never mentioned this …” Draven said skeptically. 
“Who’d believe the ‘drunken’ ex-football coach?” Bello said. “Besides, after that, the creature just observed me from a distance.”
Draven just looked at Bello and asked nothing more. 

*****

Draven spent the next couple of hours with his student gathering up supplies from the school’s ROTC storage room. He gathered tents, MRE packs, water canteens, and a bevy of supplies to make it the next two days in the wooded area behind the school. 
“Is this really necessary?” Jonah snapped at Draven. 
“It wouldn’t be if you did some work, you turd,” Draven said. 
“You can’t talk to me that way,” Jonah replied angrily. 
Draven didn’t dignify the statement with a response. Instead, he jammed a backpack full of supplies into the boy’s chest and just kept working to set up an adequate camp site. 
Jonah kept chirping away and Draven just kept working and ignoring him. 
“You know, if you helped me instead of just complaining, this would go a lot faster,” Draven said, finally breaking the silence. “And you’d probably learn something, which is kind of the point. Go collect some firewood so we can get that going, and then I’ll explain to you what you need to do.” 
Jonah must have been tired of complaining because he actually began to pitch in. It wasn’t long after that the camp was set up. The sun dipped below the tree line, and Draven pulled some hot dogs off the fire and served Jonah who was sitting patiently by the fire. 
“Thank you,” Jonah said. “Not just for the food … for the opportunity to graduate.”
Jonah’s home life was not bad. He had two caring parents who instilled good values in him, but the young man was just not a go-getter in any sense of the word. 
“I just don’t get it,” Draven said. “Doesn’t it bother you to blow off your work? Don’t you care that you disappoint your parents? Your teachers? You do realize it takes more effort to dodge assignments than it does to do the bare minimum … not that I condone that.” 
Draven then went on to explain the expectations for the assignment Jonah would have to complete. 
No sooner than Draven finished his rant, a thrashing and strange sound came from the darkness. 
“What was that?” Jonah asked. 
“I don’t know, probably just a racoon or something like that … stay here and I’ll check it out,” Draven said. 
As the teacher walked off into the darkness, Jonah tossed the paper plates into the flames, and then showing a little initiative put a few more logs on the fire. 

*****

Jonah sat patiently by the fire, waiting for his teacher to return. “The legend of the Gray Ravis …,” Jonah thought to himself. “How did they arrive at that topic? A large ape/bigfoot like creature that eats people … It’s not even real. How am I going to tie this together?” 
Jonah’s stream of conscious was broken by a large shadow cast in front of him. The boy gazed through the flames and there he saw the silhouette of a rather large person or animal. At first, Jonah thought it was his teacher, but then he caught wind of a stench he had never smelled before. Tears blinded him and he choked for air. He fell back off the log he was sitting on and began to shuffle backward because whatever was on the other side of the flames was pushing toward him. 
The creature stepped into the fire and let loose an extremely painful roar. Jonah knew he had to get away, but in addition to being a slacker in the classroom, he wasn’t very athletic either. He stumbled and tripped as he tried to get to his feet, and whatever was chasing him got ahold of him. The entity was as strong as Jonah was helpless and it grabbed him and tossed him up in the air. Jonah hit the ground and rolled down a small hill. The creature followed. 
Jonah screamed for help and began to crawl deeper into the woods as fast as he could. He got to his feet and ran faster than he ever had in his life. By the time he finally ran out of breath, whatever was chasing him had stopped. He was exhausted, terrified, and had no idea where he was exactly. All he knew was that he was safe for the time being and suffered merely some bumps and bruises. 
Tears began to stream down his freckled face. All of a sudden he wished he and just done his work. His teacher was probably dead, he was certain he would be blamed for it and he just wanted to go home, but he didn’t know what direction to go. It was dark and he had no idea what was out there, or where it was. 
Every swallow felt like a golf ball rolling down his throat, every sound was amplified in the stillness of the night, and every pore on the young man’s body was dripping with sweat. His instincts told him to run — just run in any direction as fast as he could. His body, however, resisted. He couldn’t move. And then he felt it — hot breath on the back of his neck. He then saw something directly in front of him. Jonah closed his eyes. His neck sank down into his shoulders and his knees gave out. Then whatever it was in front of him lunged and grabbed whatever it was behind him, and the two entities wrestled into the darkness. 

*****

Jonah gathered himself, and this time, the flight instinct kicked in immediately. He picked a direction and ran. It didn’t matter where to at this point. The woods had to end somewhere, right? 
Not the swiftest, Jonah tripped and fell repeatedly. His body became increasingly tired and banged up, but stopping wasn’t an option. He finally stumbled into a clearing where the moon shed some light and in the distance, he saw what appeared to be a road. If he could just get there, maybe someone would see him and pick him up. 
Jonah decided to take the next leg of his nightmarish journey a bit more carefully. He worked his way through the brush and grass that was getting increasingly taller. There was a series of large trees that had fallen, so Jonah decided to try to balance and walk across them. While it was taking longer, he found this to be a lot easier and after a few yards, he was balancing pretty well by his standards. His comfort level was short-lived however, as off in the distance the boy saw something that made every pore on his body burst with sweat. He could feel his chest tighten a bit and he passed out. His body fell limp and into the grass he tumbled. He rolled a bit and then he hit a soft spot in the grass, and fell through. Jonah fell for what seemed like an eternity and splashed into an underground spring. 
Unable to swim, he thrashed around in the pool and screamed as loud as he could. He flailed in an embarrassingly childish fashion, but he was fighting for his life, or so he thought. 
Just when he was about to succumb to the situation, he felt something grab him by the shirt and he heard a familiar voice. “Stand up, the water is only waist deep,” Draven said. “Wait … how’d you get here?” Jonah asked through chattering teeth. 
“When I walked to check out the noise, I saw something in the distance, but as I approached it, it began to run away,” Draven began. “As I turned to come back to camp, I saw something else with glowing eyes. It freaked me out, so I thought if I ran into the woods then it would follow me and not go to our camping spot. Only, I slipped and fell down the same hole you did. I’m fine, but I can’t figure out how to get out of here.”
 “Oh, thank God! I saw two monsters — one in front of me and one behind me! I thought they were going to kill me, but they started fighting each other instead!” Jonah said.
“I thought you were dead. I thought they got you.” 
“Well, we’re not safe yet, let’s try to find a way out.” 
Together, teacher and student carefully navigated through the darkness. Like the blind leading the blind, they felt their way to a place where the moonlight broke through the blackness and they were able to see shapes. What the darkness couldn’t hide was the wretched stench. 
“Do you smell that?” Jonah asked. 
Draven rolled his eyes, “Of course I smell it, how can you not?” 
“That’s what I smelled from that animal or thing right before I got chased away from camp,” Jonah said. 
“Yeah,” Draven said. “I smelled that too when I saw whatever that was in the woods. But I was being chased by something else.” 
“What should we do?” Jonah asked. “I’m afraid, man.” 
“Look, it’s possible whatever is out there is not looking for us at all … it seems like these things are after each other, and we just got in the way,” Draven thought. 
“The sun is coming up soon. Let’s wait here and then forge out at first light. We can go to the police and tell them what we saw.” 
“Wait, we can’t quit and go home,” Jonah said. “I have to finish this to graduate! Nobody is going to believe us and this will have all been a waste.” 
The boy sounded distressed in a fashion his teacher had never heard him before. Plus, the fact this kid was so adamant about finishing this project showed that growth had already taken place. 
“Okay,” Draven said. “Your project, your plan. I won’t abandon you. I will stay with you through the weekend as long as you can problem solve this.” 
“Alright, okay,” Jonah stammered. “So, let’s go back to camp, get something to eat and rest. Then at dusk, I have some video equipment my parents lent me in case I needed it for the project. We can try to film, or at least recreate, what we saw … maybe we can capture something on video?” 
Draven tilted his head. This was unsafe, scary, and for all accounts a bad idea. Nonetheless, he agreed to it. 

*****

Day was about to turn to night and Jonah was positioned securely in a tree just above where Draven encountered the creatures the night before. He had his camera in hand and was hoping to capture what he knew existed. Draven paced about, trying to make some noise to attract whoever or whatever was out there. 
As the teacher paced back and forth, the student had his camera ready and was panning about the area. After about half an hour, Draven looked up at Jonah, “I don’t think this is going to work. I think we missed our opportunity.” 
“No, it’s out there, we both know it,” Jonah said. “Let’s keep trying …” 
And then it happened. Out of the darkness something lunged at Draven from behind and pinned him to the ground. Startled, Jonah fumbled for his camera and pushed record, but the camera slipped from his hands and dropped from the tree. As Draven wrestled with some sort of wolf-like creature, the boy clutched to the tree, hoping he wouldn’t fall. He closed his eyes tight and broke out into a profuse sweat. 
Draven broke free from the creature and ran into the woods, hoping to lead it away from the boy. “Jonah, run … run home … get help …,” Draven shouted as he disappeared into the night. 
Jonah quickly gathered himself and shimmied down the tree. He ignored his teacher’s advice, grabbed his camera and as best he could, stumbled after his teacher and the creature. Jonah finally caught up and noticed that Draven had led the creature back to the clearing they were the previous night. 
As the teacher parried the beast with a branch he picked up, the student filmed. Draven was losing a lot of blood from the scuffle, and with one swift move the creature dodged and leapt on the teacher, immobilizing him to the ground. As the monster arched his head back to deliver what would surely be the kill shot, a large ape-like creature lunged from the tall grass and grabbed the monster by the neck. 
“Oh my God!” Jonah whispered. “It’s the Grey Ravis …” 
The young man kept filming and within a matter of a minute, the Grey Ravis had choked the monster to death. Jonah had it all on film. Not only would he graduate, but this kind of finding would surely be worth millions of dollars. With the monster no longer a threat, Draven stood up and the Gray Ravis walked toward him and knelt before the teacher. 
“Thanks buddy,” Draven said as he scratched him on the top of the head. “Looks like we’ve knocked off another one. These God damn monsters — we have to find where they are spawning from. They are getting harder and harder to kill.” 
Just as he finished his statement, Jonah came stumbling along. “Mr. Draven, Mr. Draven, you’ll never believe it!” Jonah said excitedly. “I got it, the whole thing — the chase, the fight, the Gray Ravis saving the day! I have it all right here!” 
The boy slowed down as he approached, as he was not sure what the Grey Ravis was going to do next. 
“Is, is he tame?” Jonah stammered as he approached and saw the Gray Ravis standing near his teacher. Jonah stood completely still, terrified, and he waited for his teacher to say something. 
“Jonah, buddy … what are you doing here? I told you to run home,” Draven said. 
“Yeah, I know, but the project. I had to have something,” Jonah began. 
“Well, you’ve definitely got something I’d say,” Draven said and walked toward the boy. “Let me see the camera.” 
Jonah nervously handed Draven the camera, and sure enough, it was on record. The teacher pointed the camera in the direction of the Grey Ravis, and as Jonah took a step to get a better view, Draven smashed the camera as hard as he could upside the boy’s head, knocking him out cold. Draven then tossed the camera up into the air and with the stick he had, took a baseball-like swing and destroyed the camera. 
“Don’t worry pal, your secret is safe with me,” Draven said and reached out to pet the Gray Ravis. “Now, you hungry?” 
The Gray Ravis nodded and pointed to the wolf-like creature. “Seriously?” Draven scolded. 
The Grey Ravis nodded. 
“Fine, have it your way.” 

*****

The sun rose the next morning and police and paramedics surrounded the camp where Draven and Jonah had been staying. Officer Andy Dreadman was questioning the teacher as the paramedics were patching him up. “So, you two were working on a school project and a bear attacked you in the middle of the night?” 
“Yes, officer,” Draven said. “I think the boy fell asleep with some open snacks in his tent. It was an accident. The bear knocked into Jonah pretty hard, and the boy hit his head off the ground violently. I jumped on the bear to protect the boy, and luckily I was able to scare the bear enough while only suffering some blood loss and bruising.” 
“He’s lying!” Jonah yelled. “That’s not what happened at all!” 
“Jonah,” Draven interrupted. “You were very scared and you hit your head hard. Look at how swollen your head is. It’s okay, man. You had a very traumatic experience, but you are safe now.” 
Draven turned to officer Dreadman. “That kid is probably going to have to go to a mental hospital,” Draven whispered. “He was off to begin with, but before you got here, he was spouting off about monsters and bigfoot and all sorts of nonsense. He’s failing school, and I feel like he’d say anything at this point to graduate and throw the school under the bus. He is not trustworthy at all.” 
“I understand, Mr. Draven,” Officer Dreadman said as he finished writing Draven’s statement on his notepad. “Your years of service and expertise with children carries a lot of weight here, so I am sure this boy will get the help he needs. I appreciate you saving him.” 
“No problem,” Draven said. “I am all about the kids and community.” 
The paramedics took Jonah to get checked out, and officer Dreadman asked Draven if he needed a ride home. 
“No, thank you, officer,” Draven said. “Once your men finish their investigation, I will clean this mess up and report back to my principal. I am sure there will be some paperwork on my end as well.” 
Once everyone cleared out, Draven began to salvage what he could. As he finished up, Draven peered out into the woods and off in the distance he saw the Grey Ravis peering out from behind a tree, much like a child would. Draven waived, smiled and shook his head. “Don’t worry buddy, your secret is safe with me,” Draven whispered as if the creature could hear him. “You’re the protector of these woods, not the monster. If people knew you existed, you’d never be safe … and neither would they.”


The Trail
By Doug Ward

When my boyfriend said that he wanted to take my daughter and I camping, I was excited.  Let me say this right out of the gate. Although I lived my whole life near Salt Fork, Ohio, I haven't spent much time in the woods.  I’ve been to small parks, but never overnight.  That being said, it seemed like he was finally taking our relationship seriously.
To say that Mark never formally courted me was an understatement.  I guess that’s what one should expect when you meet at a party and it goes too far.  Our dates weren’t dates at all.  We just hung out when he could fit it in his busy schedule.  Most weekends I spent alone.  It is all good, though, because I had my daughter, Maddie.
My world revolved around that nine-year-old.  She was so cute. That long, curly red hair tumbled down her back.  Those sparkling blue eyes and quick smile always hinted at some sort of mischief.  I swear I would take on the world for her.  I am Maddie’s momma bear.
Mark had dropped off a daypack for me and I had Maddie empty her book bag.  She mostly packed toys, but that was fine.  It was only for the weekend, so if I packed the food and extra clothes, we should be set.
When I heard a knock on the door, I was shocked.  Mark said he would pick us up at nine in the morning, and he was always late.  I felt my heart race.  He was early.  Was he excited about the trip too? I wondered.
My question was answered when Maddie opened the door.  The broad grin on his face as he asked her if she was ready confirmed my wildest hopes.  He was excited as well.
As I approached him, he reached out and pulled me against his broad chest. His muscular form nearly crushed me as his lips lingered on mine. Mark was a hunter and spent most of his free time in the woods.  Being tall and strong with a rugged beard, he looked every part of the outdoorsman.
He wasted little time helping us with our packs and had us on the road in no time.  Maddie looked so small in the buckled into the back seat of his big Jeep. As we drove down the road, I nervously took a peek at the speedometer.  We were driving a little fast.  I was torn between scolding him about his being careless with my daughter and letting it go. Not wanting to spoil the mood, I let it pass because Mark was so animated. I never saw him like this, but was sure it was a good sign.
About an hour later, we pulled off onto a dirt road.  I must admit that I was a little nervous about going so deep into the woods with my child, I felt safe being with Mark.  He was such an accomplished woodsman, he repeatedly assured me we were in excellent hands with him.  As I watched the cloud of dust his Jeep kicked up, I snuck a peek at Maddie. She was totally absorbed by playing with my phone.  Then I saw her frown.
“What’s the matter, Sweet Pea?” I asked.
Her eyes looked sad when she answered, “The phone wasn’t working.”
“Yeah,” Mark soothed, “there’s no connection out here.  We’re totally off the grid.”
“Isn’t that unsafe?”
He explained that he wanted us to deepen our connection with no modern distractions.    “Don’t worry, there will be plenty of things to see and do.  I promise you will have the adventure of a lifetime.”
I pushed my skepticism away and decided to trust him.  He seemed to want to bond with us, and I really wanted that to happen.  Just then, we passed a small pond.  It was so pretty that I suggested, “Give mommy the phone, Maddie.  When I was a little girl, I used to pass the time on a long car ride watching the scenery.”
As if on cue, a deer looked up at us as we went by and bounded into the nearby tree line.  I occupied my little girl by playing a game of who could spot the wildlife first.  The contest hadn’t gone on long when Mark pulled off into some tall grass and brought the vehicle to a stop.
“We’re camping here?” I asked, looking at the dirt road surrounded by overgrown grass.
“No,” he said jovially.  “It’s a short walk up a seldom-used trail.”
I didn’t see any trail at first, so my boyfriend pointed it out to me.  It looked more like a break in the brush.  Between the parted foliage was an area where the ground was exposed in some places.
After we got our packs on, Mark shocked me by pulling out a gun.  It was some sort of rifle.  Its barrel was long and thick.  As he casually slung it over his shoulder, I nervously asked, “What’s that for?”
He shook his head and replied, “I always bring one.  It’s for protection.”  When he saw my unease, he assured, “If something comes too close, I fire it in the air.  The loud boom causes anything we might encounter to run away.  I’ve been out here hundreds of times and only had to use it once.”
My hackles were up.  I dislike guns, and with Maddie around, I disliked them even more.  That being said, I didn’t know the first thing about camping and reasoned why he wouldn’t lie to me.  After what seemed like a long time, I nodded my consent.  He smiled, showing those perfect, pearly whites before leading the way along the sparse trail.
Putting my little girl in front of me, I brought up the rear, helping Maddie over some fallen branches and the occasional rock.  After we broke into the trees, the dense brush faded.  This made travel much easier.  The trail faded a few times, but Mark unerringly knew where it would go. As the path reappeared, we were right on course.
I was getting tired but didn’t want to complain, so I kept my mouth shut.  Maddie proved to be a real trooper.  She asked Mark questions about things on the way.  He patiently answered her questions and even pointed some things out to her.  As a small stream came parallel to the path, he took her down to the banks and showed her raccoon tracks.
“It looks like a hand!” she chimed in before giggling.
“Maybe that’s why they have no problem getting into your garbage cans,” Mark said, attempting a joke.  He knew of our ongoing battle to keep them out of our cans and that it was a sore spot with me.
I forced a smile at his words, but Maddie thought it was hysterical.  The two of them were like two peas in a pod here in the woods.  It was heartwarming, to say the least.
The stream made a horseshoe, with a small clearing in its center.  “This is our campsite,” Mark announced, slipping off his rifle followed quickly with his backpack.  My daughter mirrored his movements, dropping her pack beside his.  I, on the other hand, did so gingerly.  The straps on my backpack were really uncomfortable.  They dug into my shoulders, causing some discomfort when I tried to remove it.
While Mark set up the tent, he tasked the two of us to gather firewood.  Maddie and I made a competition of who could gather the most.  It made the chore fun.  I have to admit, being so deep in the woods was calming.  One could almost call it serene.  I could see why my boyfriend liked it so much.
Maddie won the competition and was thrilled when Mark said that she would get a surprise when night came.  He made us some hamburgers on a grate, which he positioned over some coals by the fire.  When it became dark, he unpacked some makings for s’mores.
He made some cups of cocoa to go with them.  It was truly magical, stargazing beside the fire while lightning bugs danced around us.  It was about then that I began to feel very weak.
Mark didn’t seem concerned.  He explained it was just the hike, and that I should lie down in the tent for a while.  I felt really weird, so he helped me to a sleeping bag inside the tent.  Once inside, I passed out.
I don’t know what time it was, but I slowly regained consciousness.  My limbs felt heavy, as if paralyzed by a deep sleep.  As I slowly sat up, my head swam.  I noticed that I was alone in the tent, which seemed odd because I couldn’t see the flicker of light from the fire.  Feeling unsteady, I crawled to the opening and unzipped the door flap.  Instantly, I heard Maddie scream my name, which brought me out of my fog.
In the dull glow of the remains of the fire, I saw her next to a stout tree.  I nearly jumped to my feet in panic, but my swimming head brought me sprawling to the ground.  In desperation, I scurried on all fours to her side.
She was bound to a tree, a long gash on her leg was running with blood.  I hastily removed my shirt and applied pressure to the wound while calling for Mark.  In a frenzy, I looked about the dimly lit area for him, but he was nowhere to be found.
I felt along the rope and found the knot, but my fingers were numb and couldn’t free my baby.
I tried calling for Mark, looking in every direction.  It was then that I saw a silhouette on the edge of the fire’s remaining glow.  It was huge.  “Mark?” I asked timidly.
A loud bang sounded off to my right.  It came from the edge of the bend in the stream.  The shadowy form recoiled as if something slammed into its left side.  The loud noise was followed by two more, but the enormous form was already moving toward the sound.  It was a blur, crashing through the underbrush.  As it disappeared from my view, I went to work on the infernal knot once again.  I heard another shot, and then a grunt, as something big splashed into the stream.
I cried out in frustration as the knot confounded my every attempt at undoing it.  Maddie was hysterical, crying and struggling to get free.
It was then that I heard Mark cry out in unimaginable pain, which was cut short by a gurgling noise.  Then an eerie quiet filled the area.  Nothing stirred.  I redoubled my efforts and was rewarded with a single layer of the knot coming free.  My heart lifted, but it was short-lived as I heard a wet footstep slap on the muddy bank.  Another followed it.  I heard loud breathing that sounded like bellows and my momma bear's instincts took hold.
Seeing a thick branch nearby, I skittered out through the brush to it.  As the thing trod toward us, I gripped the makeshift club and on all-fours hurried back to a position in front of the now still Maddie.
A dry twig snapped as the thing rose a few feet away.  The glow of the coals revealed the massive beast as it eyed the two of us before it.  Without a doubt, it was a Bigfoot.
I took my club in both shaking hands and tried to look threatening.  Drawing the branch back, I saw its eyes as they flicked back and forth between the two of us.  The creature’s left shoulder was wet with blood.
As I resolved to give my life for my girl, a low growl involuntarily emitted from behind my clenched teeth.  To my rear, Maddie whimpered in shock and fear.
The creature just stood there, as if studying us.  I heard its deep breathing as it towered mere feet from us.  Then I noticed what I could only describe as a look of compassion.  The Bigfoot loomed before us a few more moments, then slowly turned away and walked calmly into the darkness.
Dropping the branch, I resumed untying the rope.  Maddie was limp and in shock, which made the task easier.  Once free, my little girl was awake but unresponsive.  My head had cleared somewhat. I got her to her feet, and we went to where the struggle took place.  There, we saw Mark, strewn on the water’s edge, dead.
I don’t remember anything else before waking up in the hospital.  The doctors said that I had traces of a drug in my system and my daughter was still in shock but would be fine.
The police report said that we had camped along a game trail and that we had survived some sort of wild animal attack.  Mark wasn’t so lucky.  They also revealed that it was the same place where his brother had succumbed to the same tragic fate.
I knew a different story.  He was using us as bait to avenge his brother’s death.  The creature had somehow figured that out and felt compassion for us. 


Subterranean Part 1 - The Great White Worm 
By Cassidy Raine Wolters

New York
1980

Sergeant Martin was finishing up some paperwork when he heard a knock on his office door.  "Come in," he barked.  
It was a street cop named Knox.  "Sarge, you got a minute?  I'm onto something above my pay grade."
"Yeah, sure."
Knox brought in a suspect in handcuffs.  "This is Richard Allenby.  He works at an accounting agency downtown.  Ran into a little trouble on the subway."
The Sergeant reached for a cigarette and motioned for Allenby to take a seat.
"No!  Not the smoke!  I can't deal with the smoke!" Allenby yelled hysterically.  "It reminds me of that horrible place."
Knox walked around the desk and lowered his voice so only the Sergeant could hear him.  "You're going to want to bring Doc Huggins in on this case.  This guy is cuckoo.  They found him walking in an abandoned subway tunnel with a thousand-mile stare."
"Huggins is downstairs.  Go get him," the Sergeant replied.  While Knox was gone, he took a look at the man sitting across from him.  Mid-thirties.  Average height.  Average build.   Sweating profusely.  Fear in his eyes.
Knox and Doc Huggins arrived a few minutes later.
"Who's this guy?" Allenby asked.  "He better not be a shrink because I'm not crazy!  I know what I saw down in the smoky, blue haze of the subway tunnels.  Braaxikudlu.  The Great White Worm.  You gotta believe me!"
"Calm down, Allenby," Doc Huggins said as he got out a yellow legal pad and started to scribble down some notes.  "What was that name you mentioned?  Braax something or other.  How do you spell that?"  
"I don't know!  What difference does it make?"
"Hold on," the Sergeant interrupted.  "Knox.  Take off his cuffs and go see what else you can dig up on the case."
Doc Huggins waited until the street cop left before he continued.  "Now Allenby, try and relax." 
"Why don't you start at the beginning and tell us what happened," added the Sergeant.
Allenby nodded and took a deep breath before he began.  "I was leaving work…"
"How was work?" Doc Huggins interjected.
"Awful.  The boss has been riding me hard ever since I messed up the country club account a few weeks ago.  But that has nothing to do with this!  I left work, caught the subway, and took my usual seat.  All the regulars were there."
"Who are the regulars?" the psychiatrist asked.
"Woods was reading the sports page.  Caroline was a couple of rows in front of me, but I could still smell her perfume."
"Go on," the Sergeant said.
"There were some people I didn't recognize, but that's not unusual so I didn't give it much thought.  Until…"
"Until what?"  Doc Huggins prodded.
"I noticed that whenever we were in a darker section of the tunnel this man's eyes were glowing."
"What do you mean glowing?" the Sergeant asked in a brusque tone.
"Exactly that!  Glowing.  A sickly green color.  And then a couple of stops later, when just the three of us were left, he got out a gun."
"Then what happened?" asked the psychiatrist.
"At the next stop, he made us get off the train.  He took us through a series of twisting tunnels to an old cavern that was filled with a haze that looked like cigarette smoke.  At first, it smelled like peaches, but deeper in the cavern it took on a fishy odor." 
Allenby lapsed into silence and refused to go on.  The Sergeant, who was a prickly man known for his lack of patience, quickly grew irritated and threatened bodily harm unless he continued.
"I don't want to talk about the things I saw!"  Allenby insisted.
"That's it!" Sergeant Martin raged.  The veteran officer got up and repeatedly slapped Allenby across his face until he continued his story.
"The gunman said we were to be sacrificed to Braaxikudlu, the Great White Worm!  It materialized out of the haze, over ten feet high and fifty feet long.  It ate Woods alive!  My God, I've never known such visceral, unreasoning fear!" 
"Well you're here, telling us this cock and bull story," the Sergeant barked.  "So I take it you managed to escape."
"The beast turned its attention to Caroline.  The gunman was behind me.  I couldn't go back, so I ran forward instead, past the leviathan and into the darkness from which it came.  If only I'd known of the loathsome horrors that I would encounter in that abyss!  Being eaten alive would have been preferable to that nightmare world!"
"Describe the things you saw," Doc Huggins suggested as he continued to scribble notes on his yellow legal pad.
"No!  Never!  Of those hours I wandered in that stygian abode I will not speak!"
A sudden knock on the door made Allenby jump.  It was only the street cop returning, but he'd reached a breaking point and began to sob uncontrollably.
"What is it, Knox?" the Sergeant demanded.
"I got the scoop from my partner."
"Spill it," the Sergeant said.
"He talked to an old lady by the name of Frances Gower.  She's a regular on the subway but she was off work today.  She says that Allenby went off the deep end when things got acrimonious at his job a few weeks back."
"He mentioned his troubles at work," Doc Huggins chimed in before Knox continued.
"Allenby used to be fastidious, but he's been increasingly volatile and distraught.  He used to date another passenger.  A demure girl who always wore peach perfume but they had a falling out.  He tried to apologize, but she wanted nothing to do with him.  They started to argue and another passenger by the name of Woods had to step in.  Ever since then Allenby's been holding a grudge against them both."
"He also mentioned Woods and the girl.  He said her name was Caroline," Doc Huggins said as he looked back through his notes.
"But he didn't say anything about that argument," the Sergeant growled before he turned his gaze back to Knox.  "Anything else?" 
"Allenby's constantly making a scene when people light cigarettes on the subway.  Says he's allergic to the smoke."
"Well, we seem to have all the facts.  You want to know what I think?" the Sergeant asked. "I think Allenby killed them both and cooked up this ridiculous story so he would have an alibi."
"I don't know," Doc Huggins said.  "I think he might be suffering from a nervous breakdown."
"You're both wrong," Allenby said as he choked back tears.  "I didn't do anything to Caroline or Woods.  It wasn't me.  It was Braaxikudlu.  The Great White Worm!  You gotta believe me!"


Part 2 - That Which Survives
By Cassidy Raine Wolters

New York
2034

For years there were rumors of odd occurrences in the abandoned sections of the old subway system.  Members of a queer cult were said to hold depraved rituals there on All Hallows Eve.  There were even whispered tales of a Great White Worm, over fifty feet in length, which craved human flesh.  Some had given this behemoth a name.  They called it Braaxikudlu.
But the world had far more pressing concerns.  Tensions around the globe were rapidly escalating.  In the end, war was inevitable.  
The last worldwide clash had ended with the detonation of two nuclear weapons.  Fat Man and Little Boy had managed to bring an end to a conflict that saw the deaths of an estimated fifty-five million people.
Those numbers were paltry in comparison to the wholesale slaughter that was now unleashed upon the Earth.  By the time the mushroom clouds dispersed three billion souls had been lost.  The woe of the aftermath was exponentially worse.
The blue skies were gone, never to return.  The smoke and soot lingered in the atmosphere for years.  With the sun blotted out and the waters fouled it was only a matter of time until entire ecosystems began to collapse.  In the resulting nuclear winter, mankind descended into carnage and cannibalism.
That, however, was not as terrifying as the mutations that resulted from the radioactive fallout.  The extra limbs of polymelia, the rapid aging of progeria, the excessive hair growth of hypertrichosis, the single eye of cyclopia, and the conjoined twins of polycephaly were all commonplace.  Even those chilling aberrations paled in comparison to the truly horrific ones, the mere sight of which would send people plummeting into the bottomless pit of insanity.
The animal kingdom was affected as well.  Enormous crabs left the oceans and roamed the streets of coastal cities devouring any humans they chanced upon.  Two-headed snakes were worshipped as gods in the deserts of the American southwest, white apes took control of much of Africa, while massive frogs terrorized the Australian Outback.  An eight-legged goat in Venezuela was considered by some as a sign of the coming apocalypse, while others argued that Armageddon had already occurred.  
Plants, too, were altered.  Some had become sentient, others carnivorous.  Man-eating orchids became the dominant life form in the Far East while the forests of Europe were soon populated with trees that bled.
But none of that mattered to Braaxikudlu.  The beast's only concern was her growing hunger.  The radical energies of the nuclear conflict triggered the Great White Worm's asexual reproductive cycle, and soon she would bear a brood of thousands of her likenesses.
She couldn't leave this plane of existence.  If she tried to enter the vortex her unborn children would suffer.  That simply wasn't an option.  Nothing must interfere with the growth of her litter during this crucial stage of development.
It would be different if she weren't carrying a litter in her womb.  Decades ago, she and her amphibious attendants first crossed the temporal anomaly and entered this realm.  It was a coincidence they first appeared on All Hallows Eve, but the vagabonds who lived in the subway tunnels attached great significance to that date.
They watched in awe as Braaxikudlu's servants built a city for their queen.  The structures were oddly-shaped and governed by a curious geometry that made them anxious and squeamish, but in time they began to worship the Great White Worm.
As the years passed, Braaxikudlu's peculiar attendants began to die off.  Because of their dwindling numbers they were forced to interbreed with the humans.  While most of the offspring were stillborn, some managed to survive.  The vast majority of those were sterile, but eventually a special class of workers of a horrific and abhorrent nature was created.
During the world war of the previous century, trains had carried thousands of people to extermination camps, and now history was repeating itself as subway cars delivered human cattle to the Great White Worm to try and sate her gnawing hunger.
A little boy was found wandering the ruined streets of the once-mighty metropolis above the subway system.  It would have been easy to kill him and carry his body to Braaxikudlu, but the Great White Worm preferred live flesh, so the boy was herded aboard a train packed with hundreds of other victims.
The subway car slowed to a stop when it reached its final destination.  In days past, Braaxikudlu would have heard the noise and slithered out to devour her meal.  But only her children would know the pleasures of soft flesh and warm blood for she had died in the throes of childbirth during the wee hours of the night amidst sights and sounds that are best forgotten.
The Great White Worm's spawn had feasted on her entrails, but little was left of her rotting carcass so her amphibious attendants ushered them to the waiting train where they could continue to feed.
Most of the victims were too scared to do anything other than scream in terror as their bodies were covered in a gelatinous substance secreted by the young worms.  The mucous began the digestive process by making the nourishing proteins easier to break down.
A few people did manage to break the spell of fear and flee from the train, including the small boy.  While the others were quickly rounded up he managed to disappear into the tunnels.  He passed the putrid remains of the dead leviathan and continued into the darkness beyond.  
He saw the village with its alien architecture and its population of crossbred workers.  They paid him little heed as he continued forward, drawn by an iridescent light in the distance.
An eerie sound began to echo through the tunnel.  A vortex opened and the boy had to shield his eyes from the pulsating kaleidoscope of colors that issued forth from the gateway.  He witnessed many inexplicable things through the portal, though it was hard to see them clearly because the material of that other dimension was made of bizarre fractals and the images were heavily pixilated.  
A great and terrible being emerged, having traversed a one-sided bridge that stretched across the infinite universe.  He placed a great horn to his lips and sounded the magnificent instrument.
The fusion of things, both cosmic and dreadful, plunged the boy into madness.  He'd survived a catastrophic nuclear war.  He'd survived the gruesome and repugnant aftermath.  This, however, he could not bear.  Unable to take another second he tore his eyes out. 
But he could still hear strange, slithering sounds as the children of Braaxikudlu, called by the horn, came like pets returning to their master.


Let Us In
By Doug Ward

It was about midnight and I was coming home from a movie.  Since I was out so late, I was hungry, so I pulled up to a local burger joint’s drive-thru window and ordered one of their meal deals.  The place was about to close, so they were a bit slow, but I didn’t mind.  I understand that they only retained minimal staff during such a slow time.
While I patiently waited, I noticed a pink VW Beetle pull up behind me.  A young girl that I knew from my class drove it.  You see, I am a teacher at the local high school and she was one of my former students.  I remember her for being a compassionate, bright young lady.  Her grades were average, but she was always kind to me.
After returning her enthusiastic wave, I proceeded to wait for my order.  After a few minutes, the young man gave me my food, so I pulled to a nearby parking spot to check my food.  I knew better than to assume that they got my order right.  In the past, I have driven home only to find that they forgot a part of my meal, so I made it my practice to check it before I left.
Everything was correct, but as I placed the bag in the passenger seat, I heard a soft rapping at the passenger window.  As I looked up from the bag, I saw two boys standing by the door.  They both wore hoodies with the hoods up shading their faces from the parking lot’s lights.
“Let us in,” asked the taller of the two.
My first reaction was to lower the window so I could talk to him.  Being a teacher, I guessed his age at about 11 or 12.  The other, being much smaller, was probably even younger.  I was quite aware of the fact that they were too young to be out at such a late hour.  As my ringer went to the button, but for some reason, I didn’t press it.
“Come on, Mister.  Let us in.”
Turning back to the pair, I asked, “Is there something wrong?”
They didn’t seem threatening, but I was immediately overcome with a sense of dread.  I wanted very badly to help.
“Just let us in,” the taller of the two stated.
“Maybe we should call the police,” I proposed.  “They can probably help.”
The kid placed his hand on the door handle and demanded, “Let us in.”
Relenting, I leaned across the passenger seat, reaching for the door handle.  As I did so, he looked at me for the first time.  The hairs stood up on my neck as I looked into his black eyes.  I just don’t mean the pupils.  The entire eye was black, lid to lid.
I recoiled, drawing back into my seat.  There was something very wrong here.  I sensed something malevolent radiating from these children.  It was then that my fight-or-flight instinct took over.  I droped my car into drive and drove through the other parking spaces toward the exit.
As the distance between the black-eyed children and me grew, so did my relief.  My anxiety dropped, but I felt exhausted.  Once at home I woodenly ate the food, then went promptly to bed.
The next morning, there was a breaking news story.  The police were looking for any information about a pink VW Beatle that was missing, along with its owner.


 The Thing in the Jar
By Cassidy Raine Wolters

Alabama
1936

The Thing in the Jar was the stuff of legend amongst the simple folk of Cook County.  Many a night had been wiled away drinking moonshine and discussing every aspect of Cletus Shepard's prize possession.
Cletus once claimed to have found the glass jar in the basement of Old Man Sutton's place.  Another time he said he came across it in the swamp at the edge of Old Man Sutton's place.  In yet another variation the container was in the stomach of a fifteen-foot gator he killed in the swamp at the edge of Old Man Sutton's place.  
Those who heard these various iterations could be forgiven for pointing out their similarity to the nursery rhyme This is the House that Jack Built and other cumulative tales.
Cletus didn't just limit himself to progressive modifications or subtle differences when it came to telling his storytelling.  No sir.  Sometimes he let his imagination run wild.
Flying saucers were occasionally featured.  So were all manners of ghosts and goblins.  And, of course, Bigfoot made several appearances.  Though, it should be pointed out, that many of the Cook County folk preferred the moniker Sasquatch.
Fact is, the provenance of the Thing in the Jar remains shrouded in mystery.  That's because Cletus Shepard is what is referred to in literature as an "unreliable narrator."  How he came into possession of the Thing in the Jar remains steeped in fiction, but what he did with it afterward is firmly grounded in fact.
Dozens of eyewitnesses can confirm that Cletus had it on display at the County Fair in 1921.  "Come see the eighth wonder of the world!" he shouted as folks strolled past his booth.  "It'll only cost you one thin dime!"  That was a lot of money back then, but that didn't stop people from lining up to take a gander.  
The fluid in the jar, which was generally agreed to be formaldehyde, became somewhat murky over the years as the specimen deteriorated.  Despite requests to replace the liquid, Cletus held fast on his vow to never break the seal of the container.  
After a repeat performance in 1922 and one last hurrah in 1923, Cletus had enough money saved up to buy a Model T thanks to Henry Ford's continued tinkering with the assembly line.  
By then, Cletus had enough of the County Fair.  That venue was played out.  Everybody who wanted to see the storied item had seen it.  Most folks were convinced that the Thing in the Jar was some poor unfortunate soul's head.  One woman insisted that it winked at her.  Others thought it might be an unborn baby.  Though, of course, there were the naysayers who claimed it was nothing more than a blob of flour.  "Ain't much different than my Aunt Daisy's dumplings."
Cletus decided to abandon the County Fair for another reason.  A backlash had been growing.  There were folks who cried foul and said Cletus was a con man.  "I don't know what it is, but it ain't no human head."  There were even some fisticuffs.  Some folks wanted their money back, but Cletus remained steadfast.  He held his tongue, even when the Mayor of Titusville got involved.  Though rumor had it that he did give the mayor's son his dime back.
What finally caused the mayor to back down was the growing chorus of calls for Cletus to challenge the incumbent in the upcoming election.  Fortunately for Mayor Watney, Cletus had no interest in throwing his hat into the ring, but the sudden realization of his newfound clout did allow him to settle a few old scores.
Amos Bender, who had bullied Cletus on the playground once, found himself blacklisted at the local store.  Unable to get supplies, he finally packed up and moved to Deer Creek over in Jefferson County.  Likewise, Buddy Collins was on the receiving end of retribution.  His barber shop went belly up after Cletus complained about a bad haircut.  Truth told, ain't much a barber can do when it comes to a cowlick.  Enough hair tonic can bring unruly hair under control, but only for a time.  You might get a few hours of looking all prim and proper, but eventually that cowlick is going to throw that tonic and get back to doing whatever it wants.  If that means standing straight up, so be it.
Aside from settling a few debts, Cletus Shepard used his power to achieve another lifelong ambition.  Her name was Hattie Magee and in the vernacular of south Alabama she was "right purty."  And as long as she didn't smile, she could have matched up with any beauty queen in the tri-county area.  Once you tasted her cooking, you were even ready to forgive her crooked teeth.  Whether it was fried chicken, collard greens, or sweet potato pie, that woman sure knew her way around a kitchen.  Cletus, who was notoriously short on tact, liked to point out that she knew her way around the bedroom, too. 
Yes, sir.  Any way you slice it, Hattie Magee was something special.  One fella, passing through town on a hot summer day, even described her as "some kind of wonderful."  Now that there was some mighty fine poetry.  
With his income from the County Fair dried up like a raisin in the sun, Cletus was open to the next get-rich-quick scheme.  Along came Cousin Ernie who was known far and wide as the second smartest man in Cook County.  His honor, Joshua J. McCallister, aka 'The Hanging Judge,' being the obvious pinnacle of intelligence in southern Alabama.
Believe it or not, Cousin Ernie had himself a genuine high school diploma.  Kept it hanging on the wall by his bed, right next to his crucifix.  Hell, he had more book smarts than half the county put together.  He even took flying lessons.  Least that's what people say.  His reputation was such that the local kids voted him the Greatest Living American, ahead of Franklin Roosevelt and Joe DiMaggio.
Anyway, Cousin Ernie thought up a venture that went something like this.  If the folks at home were losing interest in the Thing in the Jar, it might pay to take it on the road.  He even trotted out some facts and figures to support what he kept calling a "hypothesis."  The one that finally convinced Cletus was the road attendance of the mighty New York Yankees.  This worked, in part, because Cletus, like most Americans who'd lived through the Roaring Twenties, had often daydreamed about meeting the great Babe Ruth.
And that was that, as they like to say.  A year of barnstorming gave Cletus plenty of money to hide in his mattress.  But all good things must come to an end.  The Thing in the Jar came within a whisker of getting shanghaied.  That's right.  A couple of thugs from Macon, Georgia almost made off with the fabled item that some people ranked right up there with the Holy Grail.
Cletus, of course, wasn't about to let go of his bread and butter without a knock-down, drag-out brawl.  A few broken ribs and a black eye seemed a small price to pay to keep his prize possession.  But that was it as far as his traveling days were concerned.  From there on in he became something of a homebody, a recluse along the lines of the Hollywood starlet Greta Garbo.
He didn't mind the locals taking a peak every now and then.  For a small fee, of course.  And they didn't mind paying.  Most had seen it many times before, going all the way back to their childhood, but they couldn't resist the nostalgia.  Gazing at the Thing in the Jar was a way of seeing into the past and making it new again.
Cletus and Hattie never officially tied the knot.  There was no need for a shotgun wedding, though.  Try as he might, Cletus couldn't get Hattie with child.  Whose fault that was, was split along party lines.  The men thought it was her fault and the women thought it was his fault.
But this was Cook County and they got rules there, you know.  So Hattie eventually became his common-law wife.  Because of her good looks, her culinary talents, and her supposed talents in the bedroom, he was willing to share everything with her, fifty-fifty.  Everything, that is, except the Thing in the Jar.  
As the years passed their relationship inevitably began to sour.  Both Cletus and Hattie developed the seven-year itch.  Cletus satisfied his lust by carrying on with Widow Davis.  Hattie had her eye on Joshua J. McCallister, but the judge was made of such strong moral fiber that he was able to resist the temptation.  In the end, she had to settle for a fling with Cousin Ernie.  
Hattie, despite her good looks and her God-given talents, had spent her life going from one emptiness to another.  Like most women, she didn't know what she really wanted.  She did, however, know what she didn't want.  She didn't want to look at the Thing in the Jar for one more day, so she hatched a plan to get rid of it.  It weren't no humdinger of a plan like the Transcontinental Railroad.  Hell, it probably wasn't even deserving of being called a plan.  All she was fixing to do was drive the Model T down the Old Pike Road a ways, find a place to pull over, and dump the contents.   
Hattie set out one fine September day to accomplish her mission.  She parked next to an open field teeming with daffodils that danced in the morning breeze.  The jar lid wouldn't budge so she smashed the container on the ground.  
She turned to go but her curiosity suddenly got the better of her.  She wanted to gaze at the Thing in the Jar one last time.  For the first time in many years, the view wasn't inhibited by the cloudy liquid in the container.
It was a human head.  Of that, there was no doubt.
Hattie wanted to get a better look, so she kneeled down and started to remove some of the bits and pieces of broken glass.
That's when the unexpected happened.
The decapitated head's eyes shot open and it sunk its fangs into one of Hattie's outstretched hands. 
It's too bad Cousin Ernie wasn't there to witness the scene because one of his favorite subjects to read about in his younger days was vampire lore.
One way to kill a creature of the night is by cutting off its head and stuffing its mouth with garlic.  Sometime long ago someone had done the first step but not the second.  All these years the vampire survived and now it shared its curse with Hattie.
With her newfound powers, she went on a killing spree that will forever haunt the good folks of Cook County.  Chief amongst her victims were Cletus Shepard and Cousin Ernie.  
Hattie had something else in mind for Judge Joshua. J. McCallister.  Despite his initial protests, he became her lover.  They left Alabama and took up residence in New Orleans where they ruled the night as the vampire king and queen. 


About the Authors

Jerry Clark

Jerry Clark is a high school language arts teacher who is enjoying sharing his love of reading and writing with the students of his hometown. Before becoming a teacher, he spent 13 years as an award-winning journalist. He currently resides in Western Pennsylvania with his wife Casey and sons Trevor and Shane.

Twitter: @gclarkavsd


Doug Ward

Doug Ward currently lives in Western Pennsylvania.  He is a graduate of Slippery Rock University.  He has a BFA in Fine Art.  Doug spends much of his time doing oil paintings, which incorporate mythology and science.  Although, his work mostly consists of horror stories, the author is currently working on book four of his fantasy saga.

Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/doug.ward.754
Website: https://wardswoods.wixsite.com/dougward
Twitter: https://twitter.com/ZombieDoug


Cassidy Raine Wolters

Cassidy Raine Wolters is a recent graduate of the University of Maryland where she earned a dual degree in English and Education. She was a member of the Wind Ensemble, the Pep Band, and the Delta Phi Sorority. She enjoys reading short stories, romance novels, and Calvin & Hobbes. Her original plays have been performed at the Fells Point Corner Theatre and the Strand. She lives in a studio apartment in a recently renovated Victorian home in Charles Village, Baltimore, with her orange tabby cat, Merlin, and spends most of her free time wandering around the Inner Harbor. She religiously follows the Baltimore Orioles and attends as many games as possible with her grandpa.

Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/krod2000

The Writers Three

The Writers Three, B.C. Richards, Leonard Herrington, and Jon Flushing, all attended the University of Pittsburgh in the late 70s and early 80s.  Not only did they share that collegiate experience together, but also a strange affinity for all things weird.  Comic books, D&D, Star Trek, and really bad horror movies were among the many late-night discussions that took place in their small North Oakland apartment.  After over three decades, the friends decided to turn the plethora of out of the ordinary topics that they love into stories that they could share with the outside world.  With the encouragement of author Doug Ward, the trio set out to do just that.

Website:  https://jflushing.wixsite.com/writers3


April Ward

April Ward currently lives in Western Pennsylvania.  She is attended California State University and spends much of her time doing oil paintings and being in and writing about nature.

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/AprilWard

