AEON
_____________________________________


By
STEPHEN L. NOWLAND


Smashwords edition


Copyright 2021 Stephen Louis Nowland

Edited by Lesley Wheeler & Laurel Nowland

Map image by Stephen L. Nowland

Special thanks go to Pete and Aidan for bringing 
Echo and Archie to life.

Thanks to Walter for his technical assistance.

The Author asserts the moral right to be
identified as the author of this work.
Table of Contents

Local Map
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Epilogue
About the Author

Prologue

Decades of darkness and silence came to an end with a screech of rusting metal. Sunlight streamed through a gap which grew wider by the second, until the old hatch enclosing this place was entirely open. Silhouetted against the light was a young woman holding a crowbar, standing amidst lush foliage overgrowing exposed and crumbling concrete as she warily surveyed her discovery.
A room hidden from the world for decades, its entrance buried beneath a mound of wreckage and vines, beckoned. With silent footsteps, she crept down a short stairway through the cellar door to find the place empty, but for a large workbench laden with an assortment of potentially valuable relics, covered in a thick layer of dust. A musty stench that wrinkled her nose was heavy in the room – the smell of things long buried. 
A thick strip of faded cloth tied over her nose and mouth concealed her features and protected her from both the accumulated dirt, and anything else that might be floating around in the old ruin. She crept into the room on sneakers eight decades old, found several weeks earlier sealed in their original box in the wreckage of a store. Stealth was key to her survival, and quiet footwear had saved her life on more than one occasion. 
Barely visible in the dim and dusty conditions was a pair of desiccated corpses, clutching each other in their final moments, as whatever calamity befell this place took their lives. Although it was a common sight in ruins everywhere, it never ceased to be disconcerting to the scavenger who was intruding upon their eternal rest. 
Eager to be done with this, her gloved hands began to quickly sift through the contents of the workbench for anything of value. Taking care to disturb the dust as little as possible, she found a number of small items of interest and looked at them closely. They were electronic devices of some sort, small enough to fit several of them in her hand at once. A small button on the side of each would ordinarily turn them on, but as she expected, pressing them did nothing. They were dead, like just about everything she found.
Carefully depositing them in her satchel for later study, the scavenger found a pair of steel tools that were only lightly tarnished, and would fetch a good price. She scooped a bunch of other random bits and pieces into her satchel, before a glint of something reflecting the sunlight caught her eye. She reached to the back of the bench to uncover the source, and after wiping away the dust, the object appeared to be rectangular in shape, twenty centimetres long and almost as wide, lightweight, flexible and very thin.
Recognising the object as an infopad, a small portable computer, the scavenger cleaned it with her forearm so she could get a good look at it. The sudden sound of voices speaking and laughing startled her, and she reflexively reached for the handle of a holstered weapon on her belt before realising the sound was coming from the device itself. Clutching it with both hands, she looked at a ghostly image displayed on its surface, of children playing in a yard under clear blue skies. 
Both children appeared happy and healthy, playing some sort of game involving a rubber ball being kicked along the ground. Behind them in the distance rose a tower of glass and steel, gleaming in the sunlight as vehicles carrying people about their daily lives flew through the air. It was an astonishing sight, more so because the scavenger had never found a working infopad before. Most other devices from that time were usually non-functioning junk. 
The view moved around a lot, held by one of the children's parents who was encouraging them in a loud voice. It was a slice of life from a world long gone, a moment in time that ended abruptly when a scream from someone outside of the camera's view changed it from a happy memory to a horror show. 
A flash of light from above blinded the camera for a few seconds, and when it came back the person carrying it was inside the cellar where the scavenger now stood, the voice from decades ago calling out to the kids to come inside, right before a series of explosions blew the cellar door shut. 
The movie ended there, and the scavenger noticed a little flashing red light on the top of the display, right before the infopad went dark. She shook it a few times and cursed under her breath, then whirled around at the distinct sound of voices from outside. 
These weren't the joyous, playful voices of children from long ago, but raucous, rough and vulgar. Silently emerging from the cellar, the scavenger kept low, using the vegetation as cover and kept one hand on the handle of a nail gun beneath her jacket. 
Three men were approaching the area, and weren't exactly being quiet about it. It was hard to make out their words, but whatever was being said wasn't pleasant. The smallest of them was being pushed around by the others, who accused him of taking something of value from them. The largest and loudest of the three grabbed a rock the size of his fist from the ground, and without warning bashed in the side of the smaller man's head with a sickening thud.
Momentarily shocked by the sudden brutality, Zinada Fierro removed her mask and prepared to run. There was no clear way out of the fenced-in area that didn't take her past the two men. They were busy sorting through their victim's equipment, but that might not prove enough of a distraction. 
Quietly sifting through the concrete rubble in the thick undergrowth, she produced a small rock and tossed it over the fence to her right. It landed on something hard, producing a satisfying noise that startled the two savages before her. 
Zinada started to move, keeping low and quiet as she skimmed the wall of the ruined house on her left. The two men remained quiet, listening for the sound of approaching danger, making Zinada's task all the more perilous as she crept through the bushes a few metres from them. Just a little further and she'd be out in the street and could at least make a run for it. Then, when she noticed neither of them had a weapon better than a rock, a better idea occurred to her. 
Zinada stood up. The two men heard the rustle of leaves as she did so and whirled around to face her. They were unshaven, with rough hair and clothes that were dirty and torn. Their stench suggested they hadn't washed in weeks, and the look in their eyes was similar to hunted animals, desperate just to survive. 
She only gave them a moment to react to her appearance, then opened her well-worn brown leather jacket to reveal the hilt of her nail gun, then rested her hand on it while levelling a meaningful stare at them with her dark eyes. 
“Wait, that's not a gun,” one of them said, nudging his associate as if to say 'we can take her'. Zinada didn't give them a chance to act. In one swift move, she drew the nail gun and without taking her eyes off them, swung her arm to the right and shot at the wall of the ruined house. The eight-centimetre nail lodged into wall with a resounding crack, startling both men, who immediately turned and ran down the street as fast as they could.
Knowing that others would be nearby, Zinada sheathed her improvised weapon and turned in the opposite direction. Before she jogged away, she glanced up at the remains of an ancient tower, the very same one depicted in the short video she just watched. No longer gleaming in the sun, it was little more than a rusting metal skeleton reaching into the sky, a giant tombstone for those that perished here decades ago. 
Not for the first time, Zinada wondered how it all went wrong.

1
Zinada

After a week of travelling through the wilds, each step brought Zinada a little closer to home.  The sounds of the river had changed each day, from a rush of waters near the city, to a gently babbling brook here in the hinterlands. The sun was strong today, a sign that spring was slowly turning into summer, and the fine weather they'd had of late would soon turn into storms and heavy rain. 
Ahead, she spotted a familiar bend indicating the town of Kismet was just around the corner. Although she enjoyed spending time on her own, three weeks on the road, scavenging in the dangerous ruins of Outer Solaris was more than enough for her. 
She was young to be out on her own so much, having only just turned twenty a month earlier, but there were few employment options available. The locals had need of clothes, shoes, and whatever other useful items could be salvaged from the ruins of the sprawling city, and there were few people in town better at it than her. 
Zinada ran a hand through her long, dark hair, tousling it to shake out some of the dirt she'd acquired on her journey, and trudged up the embankment that led up to the road. The old bridge was still standing, allowing travel over the river, and beyond that she saw the welcoming neon sign, 'Kismet', attached to a house made from wreckage, right on the edge of town. 
It was the McVeigh's place, a farming family who worked the land to grow food for the town all year round. A few cows lazily chewed on grass in a paddock, and the farm owner Janus McVeigh was working on a hulking old robot with GU-55 marked on the side in faded black letters. It had a plough attached to the back, right behind its bulky tank treads. 
“Hello Mister McVeigh,” Zinada called, leaning on a fence post for a moment's rest. 
“Zin, you're back,” McVeigh responded. He was in his fifties, with thinning hair and a lean figure. “Find anything good?”
“Always,” she said with a smile. “Old Guss giving you trouble?”
“Circuits can't stand the heat like they used to. I get about an hour of work and then he shuts down for a while.”
“Sounds like the capacitors are on the way out,” Zinada mused. 
“You got any spares?”
“I might have found something. Check in with Helmut later today, once I get a chance to sell my haul to him.” It was a mystery to Zinada how they kept the rusty old thing running, given it was easily ninety years old, and one of the few old machines to survive the event that destroyed an advanced civilisation. The Fall, the Event, the Apocalypse – they had plenty of names for it, but nobody really knew what had actually happened eighty-three years ago. They knew only that they were here, and countless millions of others were not. 
She bid farewell to the farmer and trudged the final distance into town. Kismet was built after the Fall, stitched together from the wreckage of vehicles and ships that had fallen from the sky, their power plants exploding and laying waste to the surroundings and scattering debris and materials everywhere. 
Although built with advanced engineering lost to the world, nothing lasts forever, and as old buildings made from junk gradually corroded away under Paragon's fierce storms, they were replaced by log cabins and other simple structures, as skills that had all but disappeared were rediscovered through necessity. 
Zinada caught sight of two men and a woman approaching, dressed in old, patched up clothing scavenged from ruins, but also vests of body armour. The lead man was tall, well-built and in his early forties. His face set in its usual stoic manner, barely changed on any given day as he went about his duty, enforcing the law in a lawless land. The wide-brimmed hat he wore featured a star made from scrap metal, serving as an insignia of his status as the town sheriff. 
While his two deputies carried crude hunting bows on their backs, the sheriff openly carried a relic laser pistol holstered on his belt, ready to draw at a moment's notice. More than anything else, that weapon was responsible for keeping the peace in Kismet.
“Welcome back, Zinada, I see you've been busy,” he remarked, gesturing at her laden backpack.
“Hi Chris,” Zinada answered sweetly, flashing him a broad smile.
“That's Sheriff Ortega to you, young lady,” he reminded her. “Any trouble out there?”
“A bit of excitement back at the ruins,” she explained, “and then a few close encounters on the way home. A bit more than usual, actually, which has me wondering.” 
“Yeah, we've had some unwelcome visitors recently,” Chris told her. “I'm stepping up patrols around the town so we get some advance warning. If you're planning on heading back out, just keep your eyes open.”
“I always do.”
“Alright. Well, you know the drill,” Chris prompted, causing Zinada's cheery smile to vanish. With a roll of her eyes, she unstrapped her pack and satchel and emptied their contents onto the ground. Chris took out a small plastic box from his belt and waved it over each item laying on the ground. The small box clicked a couple of times, but for the most part it was silent. 
“I check everything before I touch them,” she pointed out, taking out her own Geiger counter.  
“They’re fine,” Chris muttered as he looked at the readout. “Safety first, you know? The last thing we want is a bunch of radioactive junk being passed around. Well, we'd better get back to it. Oh, and uh, welcome home, Zinada,” Chris added, taking a bright red apple from a pouch on his belt and tossing it to her, as Zinada crouched to pick up her salvage. 
“It's nice to be home,” she whispered to herself after they walked off, genuinely relieved to be back in the only speck of civilisation she had ever known. Zinada picked up her precious salvage and headed into town, taking a bite of the apple as she walked. 
There were a few people about on the main street, each going about their daily lives, such as they were. Pretty much all of them wore ancient clothes found in ruins, like shirts, jeans, trousers and the like. A few wore newer garments made from cloth provided by a cotton grower further south. Rough, homespun shirts and dresses, dyed with whatever colours could be created from local materials, showed society was gradually re-learning old-fashioned techniques. 
There were dozens of houses dotted around the place in a haphazard manner, built before any sort of town planning was considered. In the beginning, survival was more important. Zinada exchanged nods with a few locals as she walked by. They tolerated her presence, but there was an underlying disdain for scavengers in this world, and Zinada was no exception.
She rounded a corner and laid eyes on her own house, one of the first built, and most definitely showing its age. Welded together from an assortment of old cars and other scrap panels, Zinada's place was the colour of rust and probably wasn't safe to live in, but to her, it was home. 
She unlocked a sliding van door that served as her front door, ducked down a little and stepped inside. It was spacious enough for one person, but she had grown up here with her parents, and back then things had been quite cramped indeed. 
“Hi guys,” she murmured, touching a rough sketch of her mother and father perched on a table near the door, all that she had left of them. Well, that, this house, and her nail gun. It was a rough world out there.
Zinada pulled the drawstring that parted an old tablecloth which functioned as a curtain over the only window, allowing light to flood into the room. She then offloaded all of her gear, sighing with relief after hauling it around for over a week. Finishing off the apple, she headed straight for the shower. The rainwater tank gauge was reading full, so Zinada 'enjoyed' a whole two minutes of cold running water from a hose.
After drying off, she flopped down onto her bed and relished in the expansive comfort of fourteen old pillows and cushions wrapped in duct tape. Weeks of sleeping on the ground made her appreciate her home just that much more. 
She turned her head and took in her feature wall, covered in drawings, maps, old photographs and scrawled notes, linked together by string tied around nails hammered into the wooden backboard. Each item was a clue, a fragment of information found or put together by Zinada to try and figure out how things had turned out this way. 
After pursuing leads and ideas for seven years, she had more questions than answers. Something that could plunge an advanced society back into the dark ages on a planetary scale, must have been some kind of attack, or perhaps a natural phenomenon of staggering proportions. She could only guess, based on the scant evidence she’d found over the last few years.
Remembering the image she saw on the infopad before its battery had run out, Zinada reached for a pencil, scrawled what she’d learned onto a piece of paper and stuck a new note to the board in the 'at the beginning' section, with the number 2743 above it, the year when it happened. 
'Flash from above' it said, and while it was nice to have some confirmation of this, she was only one tiny step closer to figuring out what actually did happen. She unconsciously reached for a plastic pill container from her pack, and tapped out a single white pill, which she swallowed with a sip of water. 
She peered into the container and noted with some regret that there were only four pills left, so she'd have to spend a good portion of the money she'd get for her salvage on a refill. It was something Zinada simply couldn't do without.  
Thinking of the salvage, she put on fresh jeans and on oversized t-shirt, then gathered up her stuff – including the precious infopad - and headed out the door.
Just across the street was the Kismet Provender, a shop that dealt with all manner of pre-Fall tech, and salvage in general. It was one of the larger buildings in town, second only to the hotel, and like all of the earlier buildings, made from old wrecks. This one consisted of two old buses parked side-by-side, with the inner walls removed to create a large internal space, and half of a third bus on top as a second storey.
It was a little cramped inside, with the walls and ceiling used to store all manner of bits and pieces, mostly salvaged from wrecks, traded with other towns or salvaged from ruins. There was a bench to the right of the doorway, behind which was a large, balding man who peered at the newcomer through cracked round spectacles.
“Ah, Zinada, you're back,” he said with a hint of relief. 
“Is that Zinada?” a female voice added from further inside the store. 
“Hi Helmut, hi Annika,” Zinada replied to both, waving to a small, grey-haired woman in overalls who poked her head around a corner just down the aisle. “Are you okay? You both seem a bit edgy.”
“Oh, it's nothing,” Helmut dismissed with a wave of his hand. “The last trade caravan from Sankala that came through yesterday had some new guards who were a bit, uh, I'm not sure how to put it.”
“Thieving bastards,” Anika called from somewhere within the store. 
“Yes, thank you, honey,” Helmut chuckled. “Sheriff Ortega sorted them out, but things were a little tense. I understand the two men involved were fired for stirring up trouble, and the merchant was a bit concerned they'd try to steal from him next. Not very professional if you ask me.”
“Sankala is right on the edge of Solaris,” Zinada remarked. “They're probably used to waltzing into the ruins and taking whatever they want. I ran into a couple of guys like that on my way out last week, little more than savages.”
“You got through it okay, right?” Annika asked from down the hall.
“Yeah, but I saw some things I'm trying to forget,” Zinada muttered, remembering with a shudder the unfortunate man getting his head bashed in with a rock.
“It's rough out there,” Helmut said, nodding sagely. “Your parents would be proud of you, and would also tell you off for risking your life like that.”
“What else am I going to do?” Zinada protested, hands wide. “Besides, they taught me everything I know, I'll be fine.”
“And they died out in the wilds, Zin,” Helmut reminded her. “Amaro and Eli were clever people, but it's an unforgiving world and you're lucky to still be with us.” Zinada fell silent as the sting from the loss of her parents resurfaced. Helmut recognised this and softened his tone. “Look, I can always use your skills here to strip salvage. Low risk.”
“And low pay, am I right?” Zinada pointed out. “Besides, where do you think all this comes from? Me and what, three others?”
“Stop making sense, it'll get you killed,” Helmut grumbled. 
“I appreciate you caring,” Zinada said with a wan smile. “I miss them too, but don't worry, I can take care of myself.”
“I can't not worry about you Zin.”
“Then let me take your mind off it with this,” she said, reaching into her pack and laying out her finds on the bench, one by one. Helmut's expression didn't change as he scrutinised each item, playing his cards close to his chest. 
“Some quality tools here,” he mumbled half to himself. “I'll take them. Are those wireless earpieces?”
“Yep, though I have no idea if they work or not,” Zinada confirmed. 
“Safe bet is they're long dead. Might be some good circuits in there. Oh, a robotic actuator, McVeigh might want that for old Guss.” He continued musing over every little piece with mild enthusiasm, suggesting to Zinada he was hiding his disappointment. But he had yet to see the cherry she was about to put on top.
She pushed aside the pile to clear some space and placed the infopad onto the bench top. Helmut's eyebrows rose briefly as he peered at it through his makeshift spectacles. 
“You look disappointed, but don't be,” Zinada remarked, leaning forward over the bench to whisper in his ear. “It works.”
“Bullshit,” Helmut huffed, delicately touching the side of the device with one finger. When nothing happened, a look of cynical triumph crossed his features. “Told you. Only one in ten thousand of these things would still be working after all this time.”
“I saw it with my own eyes,” Zinada assured him. “The battery gave out after a few seconds, but it worked alright. Give it a charge and try again.” Helmut reached underneath the bench and produced a small round disk, as thick as his finger. He then placed the infopad onto it, and waited to see what would happen.”
“Well, at least there aren't any sparks,” Helmut remarked after a few seconds with nothing to show for it. 
“Give it time,” Zinada suggested patiently. 
“It might need a service,” Helmut muttered as he wiggled the device on the charging plate. “If it hasn't been charged in eighty years, the power cell might be shot altogether.”
“Is Silas around? Get him to have a look at it,” Zinada prompted.
“He's out hunting for his lunch, but I'll get him to take a look when he gets back. That is, if you're okay to leave it with me...?” 
“I think I’m going to hang on to it for now,” Zinada answered. “No offence, it’s just worth a fortune.”
“That’s fine, I totally understand,” Helmut assured her.
“Speaking of lunch, I'm famished,” Zinada said. “Give me some money for this other stuff and I'll check back in later, after I've had something to eat.” Helmut opened a box beneath the bench and counted out a number of small plastic discs, each of a different colour, denoting a different value. One of the legacies of the old world was a huge amount of physical currency still lying around, simply called credits. Whatever wealth was stored in computers at the time would have all been lost. 
“That's all?” Zinada asked after staring at the small pile for a few seconds.
“The tools are nice, but the rest is of dubious value,” Helmut apologised. “We'll see if Silas can crack some useful circuits out of these things, and if so, I'll double what I just gave you. Sorry, but as you can see, we've got a glut of barely useful stuff on the shelves already.”
“Okay fine,” Zinada grumbled, “but if the infopad works, I'm expecting it to rain credits in here, got it?”
“Absolutely,” Helmut assured her. Hiding her disappointment, and with barely a hundred credits to her name, Zinada called out a farewell to Annika and left the shop, turning down the main street. A huge, misshapen building dominated her view, with a gaudy neon sign proclaiming it as the Starlight Hotel. 
Large banks of solar panels on the roof gave it the electricity to power those lights, and a few other services the town needed. Even Helmut's shop was connected, via a long cable strung along the roof. The first major structure established after the Fall, it was set up in the wreckage of a star liner that had exploded above this area, an ideal choice for a hotel.
Inside the reception area was the main counter and bar, with a room behind the counter for staff, and stairs leading up into the second and third floors where the accommodation for hire was. The old ship might have been luxurious in its day, but the faded glory was mostly replaced with whatever chairs and fabrics the locals could get their hands on. 
The place was half full at this time of day, around ten or eleven people, with an assortment of locals seated at tables eating their midday meal before heading back out to work. Life was hard in Kismet, as evidenced by the stoic resolve and quiet suffering visible on everyone's face. Nobody complained though, for here they had enough food, roofs over their heads and protection against marauders. It wasn't paradise by any measure, but it was more than most people had in this day and age.
Zinada approached the counter and caught the eye of the woman working there, preparing meals while keeping an eye on what was going on. She was a few years older than Zinada, slim, with long red hair tied into a bun, freckled skin and green eyes. Three long scars lined the left side of her face from just above the brow, down to her lips, a legacy of an encounter with one of the planet's native wildlife, years ago. When she noticed Zinada approaching, she smiled and waved.
“Hi, Sera,” Zinada greeted her with a wide grin.
“Hello stranger,” Sera responded with her husky voice. “Two arms, two legs, head still attached – another successful trip, I take it?”
“It got a little hairy here and there, but yeah, nice to be back home.”
“No doubt. So, was it a... lucrative venture?” Sera prompted awkwardly as she wiped down the bench.
“It could be,” Zinada suggested slyly. “I'll know more soon. I'd love to ask you about what's been going on here lately, but I'm hungry enough to eat my own arm, so maybe we could just start with some lunch.” 
“Not a problem,” Sera replied, reaching out to grab a plate and some well-worn cutlery. “Grilled cheese and tomato?”
“You know me too well,” Zinada answered, eager for her first proper meal in three weeks. “Is the drool apparent?”
“Yeah, I'm gonna need you to mop that up,” Sera remarked evenly, drawing a laugh from Zinada.
“Oh, and while you're at it, I need a refill,” she added, taking out her pill bottle and placing it on the counter. Sera looked at the bottle, read the label and looked at Zinada with an inscrutable expression.
“Look,” Zinada assured her, “I might be a tiny bit short on money just now, but like I said, I should have the rest by this afternoon.” 
“That's fine, but uh,” Sera hedged, sending a chill down Zinada's spine. “Uncle Cas is two days overdue. He was bringing in a whole load of supplies from Mineros, and your Fibroxazine tablets were among them. I haven't had any in stock since the last lot you bought. I'm sorry.”
Zinada suddenly lost her appetite.

2
 Echo

“He's missing?” Zinada asked after taking a moment to compose herself. “Did you hear from him before he left Mineros?”
“Yeah, we got a quick message over the comms,” Sera confirmed, hiking her thumb over her shoulder to point at the assortment of random electronics bits and pieces, which had been integrated into a rudimentary communications system. “He said he was running late, but it’s been two days. I've tried contacting him but I get nothing back. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried,” she added, a degree of concern flashing across her normally stoic expression. 
“Then get Chris to send a patrol and look,” Zinada exclaimed as if it were the obvious solution.
“I tried this morning, but those idiots who came through a couple of days ago have him spooked,” Sera muttered under her breath. “He acknowledges Cas may be in trouble, but isn't willing to leave the town vulnerable.”
“Not even for family? That's cold. I'm not sure what you saw in him when you got married.”
“He has other redeeming qualities,” Sera remarked dryly. “Those two don't really see eye to eye any more, which is sort of understandable. Cas needs to deal with some shady elements up north to get the supplies we need, people Chris used to know and doesn't want anything more to do with.”
“Is that where he gets my medicine?” Zinada asked curiously.
“Yes, it's not made any more so it has to be... acquired, in other ways,” Sera explained delicately. Zinada rubbed her eyes as she figured out her options, but there wasn't much to think about. 
“I'll go look for Cas,” she said in resignation, and as Sera's face brightened, Zinada added “If you cover the refill cost of my medicine.”
“If Uncle Cas is in a bind and you help him out, I'm sure he'll go easy on the price,” Sera assured her. “I'll cover the rest. But are you sure about this? Chris doesn't get nervous without good reason.”
“I'll be sneaky,” Zinada promised with a wink. “Plus, I'm not exactly unarmed.” 
“It's still a good idea to have someone to watch your back out there.”
“I work better alone,” Zinada responded, recalling the last time she had worked with people in the field. It was the last time she had seen her parents alive.
“You'll die better alone, too,” Sera said, suddenly realising Zinada's food was burning and turning to deal with it, before presenting a slightly scorched sandwich on a plate. Reluctant to admit Sera was right, Zinada started eating and glanced around the room, looking for a local she could trust. 
Most of the people present were workers on their lunch break, more suited to ploughing fields than conducting search and rescue operations. 
“Not exactly a wide selection of experience to choose from,” Zinada remarked in-between mouthfuls. “I know they're mostly good people, but they don't really think much of me or my profession.” 
“To be fair, you're basically a grave robber,” Sera pointed out.
“I prefer the term 'scavenger', myself,” Zinada answered, noting that one of the men seated took a moment to scowl in her direction. Although she'd been back in town for less than an hour, Zinada suddenly felt the need to hit the road again.
“Yes, I'm sure you do,” Sera murmured. “Well, I can see one person who wouldn't have an issue with you,” she added while cleaning the bench. Zinada followed her gaze to the far side of the dining area, to a plain-looking man of indeterminate age, sitting with his back against the wall and his head bowed, eyes closed as if sleeping. Two cables attached to sockets on the wall snaked under his armoured vest, and his left arm was missing some skin, revealing a tarnished metal structure underneath.
“I said people,” Zinada pointed out. 
“Echo Nine is a person, or at least, a really good simulation of one,” Sera replied. 
“He's pre-fall tech,” Zinada said, “so he could be a century old, too. Not sure how reliable his old circuits are going to be if push comes to shove. Also, I've heard he doesn't do anything for anyone without getting paid, and I can barely cover my own tab.”
“I'll cover his charging costs for two days,” Sera offered. “I mean, I've got a stake in this too. Uncle Cas is trouble, but he's also family.”
“Yeah, okay,” Zinada conceded, knowing where she was coming from. “Have you spoken to Echo much? What's he like?”
“Coldly professional,” Sera answered, leaning in close and lowering her voice. “I don't know exactly what his original function was, but he's all business now. Probably an ex-military model. I haven't seen him in action, but you could do worse than work with a fancy human-shaped robot with a sword.”
“I suppose it wouldn't hurt to chat,” Zinada conceded. She made her way across the room, trying to ignore the sour looks of those she passed along the way, and then pulled up a chair to seat herself right in front of the android. There was no response, so she assumed he was off-line to recharge. 
In all respects – except for his damaged arm and the cables attached to his body – Echo seemed just like a regular human. His hair, which was probably as artificial as the rest of his body, was short-cropped and dark, his skin fair, and his clothing drab and practical. The hilt of a short sword was visible over his shoulder, but he had no other weapons, at least none that were obvious. 
Zinada munched her food loudly for a few seconds, and when there was no response from Echo, she leaned forward and reached out with one finger to poke him. Before she came close to touching him, Echo's left hand shot up and grabbed hers.
“Don't make me waste power,” he said in a quiet, unassuming voice that seemed all the more threatening for it. 
“I wasn't sure if you were ignoring me, or you'd broken down,” Zinada explained. “You've got good reflexes though, I'll give you that. You're called Echo Nine, right? Hi, I'm Zin-”
“I know who you are,” Echo interrupted, raising his head to look directly at her. His features were unremarkable, though his skin was weathered and scratched from long years in a rough world. His grey eyes gazed at her in a manner that unsettled her a little, though she was uncertain if it was because he was trying to be intimidating, or if it was just the artificial nature of the android sitting before her.
“You've been around Kismet for what, three months now?” Zinada asked. Echo didn't answer. “I think this is the first time we've actually spoken. I haven't been around much, but I've heard you've done odd jobs here and there to pay for recharging.”
“And you have a job for me,” Echo stated.
“Do you always sound like that, or are you just disappointed?”
“This is my normal voice.”
“Okay,” Zinada responded with an amused grin. “We have a little situation regarding a trader who comes in from the north every couple of weeks. He's missing, and I'm going to head along the road to see if I can find him. He has an old van, and it's possible it broke down or something.”
“And you want me along as bodyguard,” Echo said evenly.
“Yes,” Zinada answered. Echo seemed to be considering this as he gazed at her silently for a few seconds.
“Since you don't know me, and you clearly haven't spoken to anyone who's hired my services, let me explain what it is that I do. I am a specialist. I take care of problems in a very specific way, and I am very good at what I do. I charge accordingly, and you don't strike me as the type who has a pile of money lying around.” 
“That's certainly true,” Zinada conceded. “Can I ask though, what exactly do you need the money for? You don't eat or drink, you don't need medicine, and you seem to sleep here in the lounge, next to the batteries.”
“What I spend my money on is none of your business,” Echo explained. “You want me for a bodyguard? I can do that, but it'll cost you a hundred credits a day.”
“That's steep,” Zinada remarked, taking a moment to munch on her food a while longer. “How much does it cost you to recharge? And while we're at it, do you need to do that every day?”
“Twenty credits for a full charge, and yes.”
“Really? That doesn't seem like a very good design,” Zinada mused. “I mean, what were your makers thinking when they built you? You're constantly moving back and forth between charging points. What happens when you run out away from a charge location? Someone has to drag you back and plug you in?”
Echo didn't sigh, but he seemed like he wanted to.
“My usual power source ran out a few months ago, and my capacitors aren't what they used to be. I'm telling you this because I have to operate in limited range of this town. If your job isn't within eighteen hours of here, and you don't have a portable charger on you, then I'm not the one you need.”
“So, if you were to come along, you'd have to turn back after nine hours,” Zinada surmised. She set aside her sandwich plate, then reached into her satchel and pulled out a folded piece of paper, and carefully unfolded it on the empty table next to her. 
“Given an average walking speed of five kilometres per hour, that gives us a forty-five-kilometre range,” she murmured thoughtfully, looking at the crude map she'd drawn up a few years ago. “That's barely out of the forest.” Echo peered at the map and weighed in.
“If this map is accurate – and I do mean if – then that area is an ideal location for an ambush. Windy road, plenty of cover, and places to hide after the job.”
“Are you saying you'll do it?” Zinada asked curiously.
“I'm saying it's within my range, and not a waste of time to check it. I still need the money though,” Echo explained.
“How about this – if we go there and find Cas, he'll pay you for the rescue. If he's not there, you get a couple of days of free recharging from Sera. And,” she added, as Echo was about to say no, “Cas has connections up north with people who can get all sorts of things. You must need some rare parts now and then, yes? I'm sure he can get you what you need.”
“Interesting,” Echo remarked.
“I notice your arm is damaged,” Zinada continued, “so if I find any busted androids lying around out there in the ruins, those parts are yours. Does that sweeten the pot enough?” Echo seemed to ponder this offer for a few seconds before responding.
“The offer isn't terrible,” he finally said. “Android parts in good condition are rare these days. Understand that if I accept, and you or Cas don't come through with parts, we're going to have a problem.”
“Of course. Feel free to rip off one of my arms and shove it into your socket,” Zinada offered with a cheerful, insincere grin. 
“Don't think I won't,” Echo replied, making Zinada wonder if he actually had a sense of humour. “Before I agree, I want to know something. Why are you doing this?”
“The short answer is money,” she replied hesitantly. 
“I want the long answer,” Echo stated flatly. Zinada drummed her fingers on the table as she pondered if it was worth keeping her condition a secret. The fewer who knew about it, the fewer could use the medicine as leverage over her. 
“I have medical needs that require a specific treatment,” she finally answered, keeping her voice low. “Cas was bringing some in, and now he's missing. I need that stuff.”
“Survival is as good a reason as any,” Echo mused. “Thank you for your honesty. I'm in.”
“Great, just uh, keep that to yourself, yeah?”
“I won't tell a soul. So, do you want to head out right away?”
“I have a couple of errands to run, but yeah basically, the sooner, the better,” Zinada confirmed, still a little weary from her long journey home, but unable to relax until her supply of medicine was assured. Echo pulled the cables from his chest and hung them up on a wall hook, then headed for the exit. Zinada grabbed the remainder of her sandwich and hurried after him. She gave a thumbs-up to Sera on the way past the front bench, then stopped and went back to speak with her. 
“We're good to go, but you mentioned you got a message from Cas before he set out?”
“Yes, that's right,” Sera confirmed. 
“Do you remember exactly what he told you?”
“Not exactly,” Sera mumbled thoughtfully, but it was something along the lines of 'I'm leaving now, can't wait to show you what I got.'” 
“Was he more specific about 'what he got'?” Zinada asked curiously.
“No, I figured it was just some nice junk he managed to get his hands on,” Sera answered. Zinada paused for a few seconds, but had what she needed. 
“Alright, I'll let you know if we find something,” she assured Sera, then quickly headed out the door after Echo. 
As they emerged onto the main street, Zinada caught up to him and tugged on his shoulder.
“I need to get my equipment,” she said. “I'll meet you at the Provender, where I have a little business to finish up. Echo didn't answer, and instead stood there in the middle of the street, watching her. Taking that as her cue, Zinada hurried over to her shack and grabbed her pack, gun belt and toolkit. When she emerged, Echo seemed to be analysing her equipment choices carefully.
“Are you planning to build furniture along the way?” he remarked, pointing at her holstered nail gun. 
“Up close and personal, this is just as deadly as any bullet,” she answered, fastening her belt. “Besides, it beats throwing rocks at people.” 
“Up close is correct. I estimate your effective kill range is maybe five metres, assuming it’s in good condition. Given it appears to be pre-fall tech, it's probably not. Have you ever killed anyone?”
“So far, the threat of a nail between the eyes has been good enough,” Zinada replied, taking out her weapon and checking it was ready to go.
“You've been lucky so far,” Echo remarked. “Luck always runs out, so if you have to do it, don't hesitate. And think about investing in an actual weapon.”
“It was good enough for my father, and his father too,” Zinada replied with a shrug. 
“I imagine your grandfather used it to build furniture,” Echo said dryly as they set out again. “No matter, we use what we have. Now, you have business at the Provender, so get it done quickly. I want to search a decent sized area before we lose the light, and if I hit bingo charge before we find anything, I'm coming back, with or without you.”
“Bingo charge?” Zinada repeated.
“The point where I have to come back or risk running out of power,” Echo said. “Unless you figure you can carry me.” 
“Challenge accepted,” Zinada stated with a smile. She wrapped her arms around his waist and heaved, attempting to get him off the ground. After a few seconds of trying, she gave up. “Point taken,” she muttered. “You're of very, uh, sturdy construction, I have to say.”
“They don't make us like they used to,” Echo remarked, putting a new twist on an ancient phrase. “Come on then, finish your business so we can get on with this.” To his credit, he didn't gloat about it, or indeed, react in any normal way. 
Designed to fit in to human society, Zinada figured androids would be quite good at imitating correct emotional responses, but Echo either didn't care, was broken in some way, or perhaps, more unsettlingly, was of a model that didn't need to bother with such niceties. The straight-edged sword strapped to his back gave a lot of heft to that theory.
3
 Silas

Heavy clouds were building up in the sky as Zinada entered the Kismet Provender again, this time with Echo by her side. 
“Is Silas back yet?” she asked Helmut, who put aside a plate of food and turned to face her from his seat behind the front bench. 
“I think I heard him a few minutes ago, let me check,” he answered, reaching up to pull on a thin cable attached to the ceiling. It yanked on a piece of wood that knocked on a hatch three times. While they were awaiting a response, Helmut's eyes drifted nervously to Echo, who was gazing at him without blinking. Zinada leaned towards the android to whisper in his ear.
“Is there something wrong with your eyes, or are you trying to scare people on purpose?” 
“What?”
“Just blink now and then, if you could,” she suggested. Echo didn't respond, but he did start blinking like a regular person who wasn't actually a robot underneath.
The ding-dong of an old-fashioned doorbell rang and the hatch above Helmut opened, allowing a large, black bird to swing inside on its claws and hang upside down from a rail. He took in the scene inside the shop for a moment, then let go of the rail and tumbled over to land on his feet. 
“Hi Silas,” Zinada greeted him, always amused by his acrobatic entrances. Silas appeared very much like a terrestrial crow, but much larger and with dexterous little claws on the forward elbow point of his wings. His eyes were blue, and darted about curiously at his surroundings. He answered Zinada's greeting with a gwop sound and the snap of his beak, which she knew from experience was basically 'hello' in his native language.
“Well, show him,” Helmut prompted Zinada, peering over his glasses to observe. 
“Well, show him,” Silas repeated, perfectly imitating Helmut's voice. He didn't actually move his lips like a regular human mouth – since he didn't actually have lips – but instead, he was able to imitate sounds around him by opening his mouth and generating the sound using his round tongue. It was an uncanny ability he used to imitate practically any sound around him.
Zinada reached into her satchel and took out the infopad, and presented it for Silas to look at. The corvid – for that was the name of his species – reached out with his little claw-hands and took the device, then peered at it with first one eye, then the other. 
“She says it works,” Helmut explained, leaning in for a closer look. “Says it came on for a few seconds before the battery gave out, but it won't take a charge.” Silas clicked his beak twice, then walked to the other side of the bench where some tools and diagnostic equipment sat. Using a combination of his beak and his 'hands', he was able to flip it over, unseal the back and crack open the case. 
After a quick glance, Silas let out a distressed squawk and trotted over to a rusty kettle with a little steam wafting from the spout just past Helmut. Silas picked it up by the handle and poured a little over the infopad's exposed interior.
“I think he found the problem,” Zinada remarked as Silas took a small wire brush and started scrubbing acid from the circuitry. “Ruptured power cell. In a few months, that thing would have been completely ruined. Nice save.” 
“If we replace that, will it work?” Helmut asked with an eye to its value.
“Yes,” Silas confirmed as he worked, sounding surprisingly human. 
“Then I'll let you have it at the low price of one thousand credits,” Zinada offered with a sly grin. 
“Let's just see if he can fix it first,” Helmut grumbled, always reluctant to hand over money he didn't need to. 
“Fine, I can wait,” Zinada responded, then caught an impatient look from Echo. “Okay, we have to keep moving. But um, wait a moment. Silas, could I borrow you for a few hours?” 
“What are you doing?” Echo said, leaning in closer to speak quietly, while Silas stopped working and looked at her. 
“We could use your eyes, if you can spare the time,” she said, then looked at Echo. “Airborne reconnaissance.” The android nodded in understanding, though his expression didn't show any sign of enthusiasm. 
“What's this?” Helmut asked curiously. Zinada took a minute to explain the missing trader, and her arrangement to try and find him. 
“Doesn't surprise me if Casimir got into trouble,” Helmut muttered, reaching over to a shelf to produce a power cell charger. “See this? I haven't seen a functional one of these in twenty years, and somehow Cas got his hands on this baby. I asked him 'where did you find it?', to which he said, 'I know a guy who hooked me up. Don't worry, they won't even miss it.' I paid a small fortune for it, so for Cas, it was worth the risk, but sooner or later, he was always going to get caught.”
“Did he mention any names to you?” Zinada asked after considering this information for a few seconds.
“No, and I didn't ask,” Helmut answered ruefully, putting the charger down below the bench to keep it out of sight. “He did mention there was some group that goes around pilfering secure facilities, though, up in the city-state of Mineros. They've got connections to the government, so it's probably a semi-official operation. If Cas ever got found out, I reckon he'd be in serious trouble.”
“Do you think that's what happened?” Annika asked nobody in particular. 
“There's only one way to know for sure,” Zinada responded, then looked to Silas. “Having you along would speed up the search, and maybe we can find Cas before something bad happens.” Silas squawked and fluttered his wings, then trotted over to his end of the bench and pulled out a leather pouch and straps, which he pulled over his head, then secured the clasp under his chest.
“I think that's a yes,” Helmut said with a chuckle. “Alright you can borrow him, but don't get my repair guy hurt, okay?”
“He'll be flying around, as safe as can be,” Zinada assured him. “We should be back by tomorrow, around eighteen hours from now?” she added, looking at Echo for confirmation.
“Seventeen hours, forty-nine minutes,” he responded, as if trying to guilt her for wasting his time. 
“Clean that,” Silas instructed Helmut, who took up the tiny wire brush and kept working at it as directed, leaving Zinada to wonder who was actually running the business. Silas then hopped over to a shelf and sifted through an assortment of gadgets, eventually retrieving a few. He placed a small cylinder on his head and strapped it under his chin, then returned to the front bench sporting a head-mounted flashlight. Then, he set two familiar looking devices on the bench before him and prised them open. 
“Hey, those are the two communicators I found,” Zinada remarked. “I think they're dead, though you could probably get some spare parts from them. Look at them later, we have to...” Her voice trailed off when one of the ear pieces suddenly emitted a brief, scratching noise. 
“Dirt,” Silas explained, grabbing a soft brush and cleaning out the insides. He also changed out the micro-sized power cells of both units with a couple of fresh ones from Helmut's charger, then handed one to Zinada.
She saw a tiny dot of blue light on the outside of its casing, indicating it was powered and functional, and put it into her ear. Silas strapped the other one to the side of his head, where his ear canal was, and tapped it with one claw.
“Testing, testing,” he said, which reverberated in Zinada's ear piece. 
“I can hear you, but it's not the best signal,” she answered.
“Old,” Silas explained. “Will fix later. Now we can talk at a distance.”
“Well, look at you,” Zinada remarked with admiration, always astounded at how quickly he could understand problems and figure out solutions. Silas clicked his beak, then hopped onto the ground and trotted through the open door. 
“Clever, isn't he,” Helmut said, looking up from his task briefly to watch Echo follow Silas outside. “He really likes Cas, too. Always brings him some interesting old junk to play with.”
“Well, at least we know he's invested in the search,” Zinada said with a wink. 
“Yeah. Hey,” Helmut whispered once Echo was outside. “Are you sure about him?”
“Echo Nine? Not really, but he seems very professional,” Zinada confided. “You haven't had any issues with him, right?”
“No, I'm just a little nervous about old pre-fall tech walking around with weapons, if you know what I mean,” Helmut explained.
“I hear you,” Zinada assured him. “If he starts glitching out, I'll be running for cover.” 
“Alright, take care Zin, and I hope you find Cas.” 
“So do I,” Zinada muttered to herself as she headed through the door. Emerging into the sunlight, she saw Echo and Silas standing before one another, engaged in a staring match.
“Are you two going to play nice, or do I have to choose?” she cautiously asked as she approached. 
“I'm linking my internal comms with his headpiece,” Echo replied, appearing slightly distracted. “I'm done, we're good to go.” 
Silas squawked his approval, then spread his wings and ran along the ground to pick up speed. He finally launched into the air, apparently weighed down by his extra equipment, but he eventually started gaining altitude. Echo began striding along the road, heading northward, with Zinada hurrying to catch up.
“Are you reading me?” Echo asked over the comms, which Silas answered with a distinctive gwop. “Good enough. Zinada and I will move along the highway and look for signs of vehicles passing through recently. Focus your search to within two hundred metres to either side of the road, and keep an eye out for other travellers. I don't want to be surprised.”
To his left, leaning against the side of a house was Sheriff Ortega, observing them heading out of town. 
“Don't make trouble for the town,” he called, directing his comments to Echo, who ignored the sheriff completely. 
“Just a quick scouting run,” Zinada called back. “You won't even notice we're gone.” Chris nodded, but continued to watch them as they headed out of town. Just ahead, a couple with three children walked past on their way to the hotel, laughing at some private joke. A pang of regret flashed through Zinada as she remembered days long past, when she and her parents were still together. She noticed Echo observing her expressions and quickly shut down that line of thought. 
“So, you've done this kind of thing before,” Zinada blurted awkwardly, falling into step alongside him.
“Usually with someone operating a flying vehicle, but this works,” Echo answered. “Corvids have a reputation for being a little self-serving, but Silas seems to be a team player.”  
“You've worked with them?” 
“A few times,” Echo confirmed as they strolled over the bridge leading out of town. “There's a whole flock of them to the west, on the outskirts of Solaris, and they guard their territory well. The few times I've gone there, I had to get permission and pay for the privilege. Even then, I had an escort, for my own protection of course. But I have to say, they acquitted themselves well when we ran into trouble, so I have no complaints. It's just a little strange to work alongside a failed lab experiment gone rogue.”
“What?” Zinada blurted in surprise. Echo glanced at her before continuing.
“Are you familiar with genetic engineering? Back before the everything fell apart, there were a lot of scientists experimenting with altering animals to be more suitable for human needs. Corvids were already pretty smart, so the species made an ideal candidate for... 'improvement'.”
“In what way were they a failed experiment?” Zinada asked. “Silas seems to be as sharp as a pin.”
“I don't have all the details,” Echo replied, “but the whole undertaking was halted a few years before the Fall. They were never pressed into service of any kind, which had been the whole point of the exercise. The project was said to have been abandoned and the government regulators came in pretty hard, indicating some shortcuts might have been taken in the development process. 
“I presume they figured out how to escape from whatever lab they were in, and they've been breeding in the wild ever since. As to what went wrong, your guess is as good as mine. I just treat them with caution whenever they're around.”
“You can be as cautious as you like, but I consider Silas a friend, and I don't make friends easily,” Zinada remarked, not liking what she'd just heard. 
“That's your prerogative,” Echo said dryly. “Mine is to survive.” Around them, the flat land began to slope downwards and tall trees closed in around the narrow road as they moved further from town. Zinada looked up at the cloudy sky and saw the black winged shape of Silas circling around them, keeping watch on the land below.
They fell silent for a time as they kept walking. Every now and then Zinada spotted the remains of an old house, or a cluster of buildings, now overgrown with vines and plants as nature slowly reclaimed the land forsaken by civilisation.
“Exactly how old are you?” Zinada asked curiously. “I mean, you said you were around in the before-times, I'm guessing a century.”
“I'm ninety-eight years, three months,” Echo responded. 
“Close enough.”
“I deal in precision,” Echo pointed out. 
“Why am I not surprised,” Zinada murmured. “How is it you’re still working, when so many other machines stopped on that day?”
“I was in an underground facility at the time, being repaired,” Echo answered.
“Oh, so you were protected from the blast?” Zinada wondered. “That’s interesting.”
“It really isn’t.”
“What else do you remember about the world from back then?”
“There was less wreckage lying around.” 
“Not really one for conversation, are you?” Zinada remarked with a shrewd glance at Echo's unreadable expression. “Let me guess – it's a waste of power.” 
“I'm scanning our surroundings for signs of passing vehicles, footprints, anything that could indicate Casimir's fate,” Echo answered. “I'm not here for chit-chat.”
Zinada gave up trying to pry a decent conversation out of the android, and let him continue searching in his own way. Time passed as they continued onward, and the sun slowly sank towards the horizon, with no sign of Casimir or anyone else, for that matter. The highway north of Kismet was usually a little busier than this, being the primary conduit for supplies to and from communities in this region. 
“It's strange to see this road so quiet,” Zinada observed quietly, her instincts telling her something wasn't right. “I would have expected to pass at least one trader by now. Maybe whatever has happened to Casimir isn't anything to do with him, specifically. Perhaps there's something going on up north that's preventing travel.”
“I've found something,” Silas suddenly said over the comms. Fifty metres ahead of you, there are tracks.”
“Copy,” Echo answered, picking up the pace a little. 
“Anything else?” Zinada asked, using one of these earpiece communicators for the first time and finding it incredibly useful. 
“Searching,” Silas answered without further comment. Echo held a finger to his lips to signal for silence from Zinada, who nodded and kept her hand close to her holster. 
Just ahead, Echo spotted the tracks Silas had mentioned and moved in for a closer look. They were clearly vehicle tracks, and appeared to swerve off the road at this point. 
“They came from the north, moving at speed,” Echo said, his attention firmly on the scene before him as he walked along beside the tracks. “I see no signs of footprints, tracks from a second vehicle, nothing. He must have had car trouble and lost control.”
Zinada thought this was possible, but her mind worked a little differently than the android's. In a dangerous world like this, it never hurt to be at least a little paranoid. With the light starting to fade, she took out her flashlight and moved in for a closer look. Unsure what she was looking for, Zinada nevertheless searched the ground for any other clues. 
“Look at the indentation on the tire marks,” She said after nearly a minute, pointing at the place where the vehicle had turned. “He had to turn instantly, as if to avoid something.”
“Or a tire blew out,” Echo said after he took a look for himself. Zinada looked at both tire tracks closely, but couldn't see any sign of it. 
“If a tire had blown, the tracks would be flatter, and we'd probably see marks from the rim hitting the ground,” she suggested. “No, something else happened here. Tell me, if you wanted to stop a vehicle going along the road at speed, how would you do it?”
“I'd put something across the road to stop them, like a tree trunk, and then hit them from either side,” Echo said with barely a pause for thought. “I don't see any sign of that here though. If I had access to my own vehicle, I'd run them off the road, but again, there's only one set of tracks.”
Zinada thought about it the problem for a few seconds, contemplating possibilities, until she happened to glance up at the canopy of thick trees.
“What if someone dropped onto the van from above,” she wondered, “reached in through the window and yanked the steering wheel. I'm pretty sure Casimir's van doesn't have glass in its windows anymore, so it wouldn't be that hard.”
“Then meet up with accomplices further in the scrub,” Echo said to finish the thought. “We'll have our answers when we find the vehicle. Silas, do you copy? Search the forest to the west of our current location, the vehicle has to be out there somewhere.”
“Copy,” Silas replied from high above.
“How old do you think these tracks are?” Zinada asked Echo. “He might have been running on time when he came through and was ambushed a couple of days ago, or he was running late and this happened within the last few hours.”
“It's difficult to say for certain,” Echo responded. “This isn't my area of expertise, you understand.”
“I thought you were a walking computer,” Zinada remarked dryly, but Echo just stood there regarding her silently. “If it was two days ago,” she went on, “the chances of finding Cas alive are slim.” 
“Found it,” Silas' voice came over the comms. “It hit a tree. Head west.” 
“We copy,” Zinada replied, imitating Echo's official-sounding language. The android slowly and silently drew his straight-edged sword, prompting Zinada to unholster her nail gun, just in case. Without another word, they cautiously moved into the increasingly dark forest to find their answers.

4
 Answers

The trail from the road had its own story to tell. Back and forth the van had swerved, tearing up the earth and running over small trees as it crashed through the brush. The driver must have been struggling for control, adding some credence to Zinada's car-jacking hypothesis. It was also possible Casimir had suffered a heart attack and struggled to bring the van to a stop. 
Under either of those conditions, it was impressive how far the van had travelled through the thick forest before finally crashing into something solid. By Zinada's flashlight, they spotted the wreck just up ahead, where it had struck a huge pine tree that had been growing undisturbed for decades. The surrounding trees had grown in even rows, clearly a plantation of introduced species from long ago that had been left to grow wild. 
Paragon's sparse population of introduced birds were singing their evening songs as the light began to fade and the temperature dropped noticeably. Zinada glanced at Echo, who held a finger to his lips and crept forward cautiously, his sword held low as he searched for threats. They were almost to the back of the vehicle when Silas plunged through the canopy and landed heavily on top of the van, startling Zinada. 
“Clear,” he said, glancing around at the scene, with the flashlight on his head creating leering shadows around him. 
“You might have given us a little warning,” Zinada breathed in relief, lowering her weapon. Echo had frozen in place with his sword level, but he too relaxed and approached the front of the van. 
“No sign of the driver,” Echo said after looking in through the front door. “Don't call out for him, we have no idea if whoever did this is still in the area. Silas, get your light on this.” The corvid ambled towards the front of the vehicle, over a roof rack that should have been laden with goods. Zinada shone her light through the van's glassless windows and saw it was just as empty on the inside.
“This is definitely Casimir's,” Zinada announced, unable to keep the disappointment out of her voice. The rear doors were slightly ajar, so she opened one with a screech of rusty metal, and peered inside. Whatever cargo he'd been carrying was gone, down to the straps that held it in place. Thinking of her medicine, she crawled inside and searched for hatches that might reveal a hidden cargo bay, but the only thing she discovered was how thorough the thieves had been. 
“Nothing. It's all gone,” she muttered, worried about Casimir as much as her missing medicine. She took a moment to compose herself, feeling vulnerable without knowing where her next batch of pills was coming from. Zinada wasn't giving up yet – she didn't have a choice in the matter – so she moved through the empty cargo area to the front, and leaned over the front seats to see what the others had found.
“There's blood on the driver's seat,” Echo confirmed, as Silas peered into the cabin from above the front window opening. “Dried, at least a day old.” 
“So, you can't figure out tire tracks, but you're an expert on blood,” Zinada remarked. “I'm slightly disturbed by this.”
“Tire tracks with no tread on a dry road don't say much,” Echo responded as he continued to examine the scene. “But footprints in damp earth, that's a different story.” Zinada followed his gaze to the ground just outside the door, and from their combined lights, they could easily make out multiple footprints. She clambered over the seats to get into the front of the van, then carefully dismounted to get a closer look. 
“Four men travelled north west from here, carrying a load,” Zinada reported. “One is injured, or is resisting, judging by these drag marks.”
“He was alive when they took him,” Echo suggested. Silas dropped down to the van's short front, made a little shorter by the huge tree it had collided with, and hopped inside. He fetched a tool from his backpack and opened a hatch in the floor while Zinada kept looking. 
“It's fair to say this all happened nearly a day ago,” she surmised. “There's no sign of another vehicle, so they were moving on foot. We might be able to catch up to them.”
“With a day's head start?” Echo responded as he sheathed his sword. “I have just over three hours remaining before I have to start heading back to town. The further away from Kismet we travel, the shorter that window gets.”
“I have to find him,” Zinada reminded the android. “Not just for his own sake, but because he has what I need.”
Echo considered her words before speaking. “I'm willing to conduct a search of the local area with my remaining time,” he suggested, “but if we don't find him, you're on your own. Unless of course we can find a power source I can use.”
“Here,” Silas said from inside the van. Zinada saw his back half sticking up out of the access hatch he'd opened, where the vehicle's systems would be mounted. “The battery is intact,” Silas reported. 
“With power?” Zinada asked, to which Silas responded with two clicks of his beak. “There you go Echo, no excuses now,” Zinada said to Echo. He didn't respond, instead staring at the van with an unreadable expression. Prompted by this, Zinada's scavenging instincts picked up on something odd.
“Wait, the batteries are fine, yet the thieves didn't strip them? Or the motor?” she asked of Silas, who shook his head. 
“Why leave all this tech,” Echo stated more than asked. 
“The circuits and batteries alone would be worth a small fortune,” Zinada added. Her eyes widened as she looked at Echo's blank expression.
“They came for something specific,” she said. “This wasn't some random raid – they came for him. Let's get moving,” she added, putting away her light and checking her gear. “Are you coming?” she asked of Silas, who was still interested in the contents of the access panel. “We could use your eyes.” 
Silas immediately hopped onto the dashboard, then out the window as Echo turned to follow the tracks. With a flap of his wings, Silas took to the air once more and ascended through gaps in the thick canopy, giving Zinada her answer. 
They moved faster than before, sensing an urgent need to find Casimir before it was too late. An hour of walking through the woods showed only that the people who had captured Casimir had travelled a long way, with signs the poor man had been half-dragged, half-carried with them. 
The cloudy sky eventually cleared, with Paragon's two visible moons providing enough light to see without the use of flashlights. Zinada ate a bar of pressed grains and honey as they walked to keep her strength up, pushing her physical limits after a day of travel even before the sun had set. Above, she caught a glimpse of Silas circling them, probably unable to distinguish much through the darkness, but a reassuring sight nonetheless. It was only a few minutes later that he called over the comms to report what Zinada had been hoping for.
“Lights ahead,” came Silas' crackling transmission. 
“Stationary or moving?” Echo responded, pausing in mid-stride to process this new information.
“Both. Two sources. Car passing your way.”
“Get to cover,” Zinada whispered, finding a thick tree trunk to hide behind, with Echo crouching behind a large rocky outcropping rising from the ground. A few seconds later, a flicker of lights that created sprawling shadows through the forest appeared, accompanied by the faint whirring of an electric motor. Evidently, there was a clear path just up ahead, along which the vehicle was travelling. In the darkness, Zinada couldn't make out what it was exactly, and it moved past rapidly, passing within fifty metres of their position. 
“What direction is the other light?” Echo asked over the comms once the car had passed. 
“West,” Silas replied, prompting Zinada and Echo to immediately start heading in that direction. It wasn't long before they spotted the lights Silas had mentioned, coming from a simple building in a small clearing just ahead. The faint sound of people speaking could be heard, accompanied by a brief shout of pain. 
Under cover of near darkness, Zinada and Echo moved in closer, keeping low and using what cover they could find, in case anyone happened to be looking in their direction. The front door was visible as an outline of light, and the shadow of someone standing in front of it was barely visible.
“Silas, are there any other guards outside?” Zinada whispered. 
“No,” came the reply. Echo moved to his left, to avoid the cabin's front door and Zinada followed, looking for a better approach. A window on the side opposite the door became visible as they moved, and slowly, they closed the final distance to lean against the cabin's wall. From here, the voices inside were very distinctive – male, most likely human, and clearly trying to beat some answers out of someone. 
“Where is it?” ordered a man, barely waiting for a response before punching his captive hard in the face. “We know you have it, so there's no point in staying quiet,” another, calmer voice said. “You know who we work for, and you know what will happen to you if you won't co-operate. Why you expected to cross us and get away with it is beyond my understanding.” 
Ever so cautiously, Zinada raised her head until she could peek through the window, to catch a glimpse of what was inside, before dropping back down again. Their backs were to the window, and she spotted a middle-aged man with a grey beard tied to a chair, the focus of their attention. The light coming through was enough for her and Echo to see one another, and Zinada held up four fingers to indicate how many were inside. 
“Cas?” Echo whispered, to which Zinada nodded. 
“Tied up.”
“Do you want them alive?” Echo asked again as the interrogation continued inside. The sound of bones breaking was sickening.
“Just one,” she answered firmly. 
“Back me up,” Echo whispered to her, then drew his sword and silently moved around the corner of the cabin, towards the front door. Zinada pulled out her nail gun and clutched it tightly, feeling adrenaline begin to flood her body. Long seconds passed as she waited for a sign from Echo, wincing every time she heard Casimir hit in the face. Then, the front door was kicked in and it was on.
Zinada heard shouts of alarm from inside and stood, her gun levelled as she watched Echo charge into the room with inhuman speed. He cut down the first surprised thug with one stroke, pivoting around to drive his sword into a second man just as he was reaching for a knife on his belt. The two remaining men drew their weapons, the leader of this group toting a small gun of some kind and firing off a shot. 
The report was deafening, and like nothing Zinada had heard before. Shot after shot rippled out through the room, with Echo using the bodies of one of the dead thugs as cover, absorbing each impact. Recovering enough to take action, Zinada pulled the trigger and shot a nail, which shattered the glass window and drove into the right arm of the second remaining thug. 
Screaming in pain, he clutched at the bloodied metal spike now partially embedded in his body and turned towards her, dropping behind a table for cover as she let loose a second nail. It missed and lodged into the wall on the far side, but the point of this was to keep him busy while Echo did his thing. 
Unfortunately, the android was effectively pinned down by constant shots from the loud weapon, and the man firing it was moving closer to Echo to try and shoot around the cover his dead comrade was providing. Zinada fired a nail at him, but he must have seen her moving out of the corner of his eye, for he stepped back just before she pulled the trigger, then aimed his weapon at her and fired. Zinada ducked and winced as part of the wooden wall exploded outwards from the impact, sending splinters flying.   
Then, a black shadow moved past Zinada, through the window and towards the leader. Silas, his wings held back, flared them at the last moment and reached out with his talons. He landed right on the man's face, and followed up with extensive gouging with his beak, causing the man to forget about everything else as he fended off the vicious attack. Sensing his opportunity, Echo tossed the bloodied body shield at the last thug hiding behind the table, then rushed forward to end the man’s life with a single sword stroke.  
With Silas flapping his wings and squawking as he clawed and pecked, the lead man was instinctively trying to keep the huge bird away from his face, all the while firing his gun wildly in the air. A shot hit Echo on his leg, causing the android to stumble as he moved forward intending to disarm the leader who was attempting to bring his weapon to bear on the attacking corvid, until Echo’s blade suddenly appeared through the front of his chest. 
The frenzy of the fight instantly ceased, with Echo holding still as his victim slid off the sword and slumped unmoving onto the ground. Her heart pounding in her ears, Zinada hurried around the corner, stepped over the remains of the sentry lying on the ground, and rushed up to Casimir. He was a bloodied mess, with wounds on his entire body, not just his face.
“Cas, it's me, Zinada,” she said, pulling bandages from her satchel but at a loss where to even start. Casimir appeared to nod, but he was having trouble breathing. Zinada spotted a plastic water bottle on the table nearby, grabbed it, and started washing his face. He reached up with one blooded hand and pulled her closer, locking her eyes with his.
“Everybody has to die,” he said, barely able to get the words out. It was only after a few seconds that she noticed he was no longer breathing. 
“Help me untie him,” she asked Echo while frantically untying the knot. Echo stepped forward and with one precision stroke, severed the thin cord holding Casimir in place. Zinada caught the injured man and lowered him to the floor, where she quickly started resuscitation procedures. Echo watched impassively as she worked until, after nearly a minute of this, he put one hand on her shoulder.
“He's gone,” he said impassively. “Looks like severe blood loss and internal injuries. They weren't gentle with him, which tells me they wanted him to suffer before he died.” Zinada slumped backward, wiping the blood from her hands and catching her breath. 
“We weren't quick enough,” she muttered, disappointed with herself for not getting here sooner. 
“There was nothing more we could have done,” Echo calmly explained. “Whatever Casimir did to catch the attention of this crew was his own doing.” 
“I don't suppose any of them are still alive?” she asked, still looking down at the man she'd failed to rescue. 
“I tried, but he didn't feel the need to cooperate,” Echo answered. “Firing this thing in all directions certainly didn't help.” Zinada glanced and saw him holding the small metal gun, examining it with an expert eye. 
“What is that thing?” Zinada asked, standing up. 
“It's called a firearm,” Echo explained. “It uses a chemical reaction to propel a metal bullet. Crude, but effective. They haven't been used in centuries, even before everything fell over, but this one looks brand new. Couple that with the vehicle that left here before we arrived, and these people have access to some decent tech. They took all the van's cargo with them, so there's nothing else here for us. We'd be well advised to get out of here before they come back.”
Zinada stared down at the men who had beaten Casimir to death. They were well fed, fit and worked as a team, but their clothing was unremarkable.
“We shouldn't leave him here,” she remarked wistfully as she looked at Casimir.
“I understand you knew the man, and he had some connection to people in Kismet,” Echo answered, “but he would just slow us down. Also, my leg is damaged. which is going to make it more difficult to move as it is, so there's every chance Casimir's final act would be to get us all killed. No offence, but this world doesn't care about things like last rites, burials and other niceties when dealing with the dead. Why do you care?”
“Because we're not all savages,” Zinada answered simply. “The more we give up on the things that make us real people instead of animals, the more we lose ourselves. There are enough monsters in the world already.”
“I take your point,” Echo said, “but if you expect us to carry the body all the way back to Kismet, I should tell you the extra weight is going to drain a lot more energy. There's no way I'll make it, even if I recharge from the van's power cells, and you can't tell me you'll be fine carrying Casimir for seven hours straight. Be realistic. Save your high ideals for another time.” 
Zinada held her tongue, knowing he was right. Silas moved forward and looked up at Zinada expectantly, waiting for her to make the right decision. Without another word, Zinada turned and headed out the door, with the others following close behind.

5
 Repair

Their journey was going to be much slower with Echo's damaged leg. Although usually silent, something within his frame was whirring with each step, giving him a pronounced limp. At this rate, it was likely their return to Kismet would be sometime after sunrise. 
“We should set up camp around here,” Zinada wearily suggested. “I don't think I'm going to make it back to town before I collapse.”
“It's too dangerous,” Echo responded as they threaded their way through the trees by Zinada's flashlight. Clouds had obscured the moons, forcing them to rely on artificial light to find their way. “We're close to their base and the van wreckage, two places they will definitely search for us. It's bad enough stopping at the wreck to recharge.”
“Not that we have a lot of choice in the matter,” Zinada pointed out. “We need to get you a solar panel to carry around all day, or something. How much further is it?” 
 “The van is three hundred and twelve metres, straight ahead,” Echo growled, choosing to ignore her glib remarks about his limitations.
“Lights from behind,” Silas called over the comms. Zinada and Echo turned to look, but only caught a faint glimpse of what the corvid could see from above. 
“They're on to us,” Echo stated. “We don't have much time.” A distant flash of lightning bathed the forest in near-daylight for a fraction of a second, before thunder rumbled across the land. A few drops splashed on Zinada's jacket, and by the time they reached the van, a steady drizzle was raining down. Silas alighted on the roof and shook his wings, appearing positively miserable.
“Are you even going to be able to fly in this?” Zinada asked as she sat heavily in the driver's seat for a moment's rest.
“No,” came the simple reply. “Wet feathers.”
“How long will it take you to recharge?” Zinada asked of Echo, who stood impassively in the rain looking back at her. 
“A few hours we don't have,” he said. “Unless... we can get this thing moving?”
“Maybe,” Silas answered. “The front is damaged.”
“If you can get the electrics working,” Echo suggested, “I can fix the body.” Silas jumped through the front window onto the seat, turned on his headlamp, then looked under the dashboard and started pecking around. 
“Zinada, bring your light,” Echo ordered, forcing her to drag herself out of the chair in spite of her protesting body. She aimed her flashlight at the spot he was pointing at, and after taking a few seconds to evaluate the situation, pressed his hands and body against the front of the van and pushed. 
The vehicle creaked and groaned as it reluctantly moved backwards, revealing the dent in the frame from where it had impacted the tree. Echo kept pushing until it was well clear, then stepped back to see what needed to be done. 
“Do you have a wrench on hand?” he asked of Zinada, who produced one and a few other tools from her kit – the necessities of life for a scavenger.
“Nothing powered, but it's all solid gear and mostly rust-free,” she advised. 
“It'll do just fine,” Echo responded. “I don't suppose you know how to fix things?”
“Dismantling is more my thing,” she admitted. “I can strip any machine of valuable bits in just a few minutes.”
“Duly noted,” Echo remarked with a sidelong glance at her. He set to work, using a combination of finesse and brute force to pull the dent out of the front so that Silas could get inside and reconnect damaged portions of the internal systems. Zinada shone light where it was needed, occasionally peering over her shoulder for signs of trouble. 
It took them nearly ten minutes to coax signs of life out of the old van, with a few lights blinking on the dashboard indicating the power was reconnected. 
“It's working,” Zinada called from the driver's seat, trying to ignore the number of flashing red lights in front of her, indicating the van had endured a hard life. She peered out through the window to see Echo standing perfectly still, his head turned to the north as if listening for something through the steady rain.
“Kill the lights,” Echo said quietly, to which both Zinada and Silas complied, leaving them in almost complete darkness. Her eyes darted about, unable to see what was going on, until a flash of lightning lit up the area. 
For little more than a heartbeat, she saw five men approaching slowly, not twenty metres away. They disappeared in the darkness once again, but Echo must have seen them too, for he swung around the door and pushed Zinada to one side, taking the wheel for himself. 
“Hold on to something,” he advised, moving a lever on the floor backwards and hitting the power. The van's bald tires spun in the wet conditions, failing to move them more than a few centimetres while alerting the approaching men of their imminent departure. 
Echo moved the lever again and started rocking the van back and forth, while shouts of alarm were heard from the forest. Zinada drew her nail gun and pointed it in the direction she'd seen them and waited for another opportunity. A flash of lightning lit up the sky once more, and this time the group of men were spread out along the right flank. She noted that some of them were carrying small firearms like the type used back at the cabin. 
Shots rang out in the night, partially covered by peals of thunder rippling through the heavens. Zinada ducked behind the dashboard for cover, then started shooting nails back into the darkness. At that range, they probably wouldn't kill anyone, but if it bought them time to get out of there, so much the better. 
Echo finally succeeded in getting the van moving, reversing almost blindly through the forest along the winding path it had last taken. Silas, still perched on the roof, shone his light to the rear to help Echo see where he was going, while Zinada did her level best to shoot something out the front. The van lurched over rough ground, making it almost impossible to aim, but the upside of that was their attackers couldn't really hit them either. A few impacts did strike the van though, leaving small holes that could just as easily have pierced their bodies. 
Echo was laser-focused on the trail behind them, avoiding trees and brush as best he could, for if they hit something now, they'd likely die here. Finally, after what seemed like a whole minute, they reached the road and turned south. With a shift of the lever, Echo planted his foot and the old van creaked forward, slowly picking up speed and leaving their pursuers behind. 
“Close one,” Zinada breathed, lowering her weapon and easing back in her seat in relief. Echo switched on the forward lights - of which only one was working – and set his mind to keeping the van on the narrow road. It lurched about whenever he turned the wheel to any significant degree, a sure sign there were a lot of issues with the old thing.
Silas flew in through the back window and clattered about in the empty cargo bay, fluttering his wings for balance every time they went over a bump in the road.
“Nice driving,” Zinada remarked to Echo, who remained silent as rain pelted them through the glassless front window frame. “Do you think they'll follow us back to town?” 
“It depends,” he finally answered.
“On?” she prompted.
“On how keen they are to get us for taking out their other crew. If they're savages, they might not bother making the six-hour walk south, and Kismet isn't defenceless. They'd be wise to give up while they still can.”
“I hope you're right,” Zinada sighed, exhaustion catching up to her as the van rocked about on the uneven road. Her eyes grew heavy and before long, she dozed off in the cracked and torn seat of the van to the sound of distant thunder.
It seemed as though only seconds had passed when Zinada jolted awake as the van hit a pothole, rubbing her eyes as she looked upon the welcome sight of Kismet. 
“How long was I out?” she murmured to Echo, who pulled to a stop out front of the Starlight Hotel.
“Seventy-two minutes,” he answered succinctly. Before them, the front door of the hotel opened and Sera came rushing out, probably expecting to see Casimir in the driver's seat. She looked to Zinada with hope in her eyes, but was answered only with a sad shake of her head. The disappointment on Sera's face was heartbreaking. 
“I'm sorry, we were too late,” Zinada explained, leaning on the window to speak. A few others followed Sera out of the hotel to see what was happening, one of whom was Sheriff Ortega. He nodded grimly at the news, then turned his mind to more important matters.
“Were you followed?” he asked, glancing around cautiously. 
“No, but we left tracks leading to town,” Echo responded. “We need to hide this thing and cover the trail as best we can.”
“There's a workshop around the back of the hotel you can use,” Ortega said. “Move it while a few of us will start work on the trail.” Echo complied, turning the wheel and slowly driving the van around the side of the hotel. Sera appeared at the rear entrance and waved them over towards a large, flat panel of metal, which she swung open on rusty hinges.
Echo pointed the van towards the open space and drove inside, finding the area large enough to accommodate the vehicle, with room to spare. Shelves lined one of the walls and two large, solid wooden benches sat at one end, and a doorway connected the room to the rest of the hotel. 
“This will do nicely,” Echo remarked as they got out of the van. “I'm not far from needing a recharge, so I'm going plug in and shut down for the night. We'll discuss payment in the morning.”
“With me?” Zinada retorted. “I haven't seen any broken androids to use as payment, sorry, and Casimir didn't make it, so I'm not sure who's going to pay you.”
“Sera's his next of kin. I'll speak to her,” Echo stated without emotion. 
“She's even less likely to have parts for you lying around,” Zinada pointed out, but Echo was already limping through the doorway to seek out a recharge. She noticed Silas standing next to her, looking up curiously.
“Don't start with me, I'm too tired to care right now,” Zinada sighed, to which Silas clicked his beak twice, then trotted through the door. By the time she found her way into the hotel's lounge, Echo was already seated in his usual place, connected to the batteries with his head bowed. Outside in the wet, Chris and Sera were finishing up obscuring the tire tracks in the mud using brooms that would need a good cleaning once this was over. Zinada moved to join them to speed things along, but quickly caught Chris' attention.
“I think you've done enough for one day,” he suggested, holding up one hand. “Honestly, you look like you could sleep for a week, Zin. We can take care of this. Get some rest and we'll talk in the morning.”
“No arguments here,” she mumbled, altering her course towards her rusty shack. She peeled off her wet clothes, put on a clean shirt and fell into a heap on her bed, drifting off to sleep as her head hit the pillow.

*          *          *

Deep voices speaking loudly woke Zinada from a deep sleep. Bleary-eyed, she crawled to the wall facing the street and peered through one of the cracks in the metal. It was mid-morning with clear skies, and she saw Sheriff Ortega standing in the middle of the street, facing off against a number of newcomers. 
Her eyes went wide when she saw a sleek grey car parked nearby, with a rough-looking driver sitting at the wheel. In front of the car were three others, two human men and a Shikava. This non-human species looked like a cross between a man and pictures she’d seen of a terrestrial shark. 
Judging by its voice, he was male, standing over two metres tall, bipedal and with two heavily muscled arms. His skin was a smooth, hairless mix of blue and light grey, with a fin and short, fluked tail visible on his back. Long tapered ears protruded from his sleek, bald head, and two rows of razor-sharp teeth lined his wide mouth. 
Like his associates, he wore body armour on his torso and they carried more of those loud firearms Zinada and the others had encountered last night. She could tell by their posture that they were confident, and looked ready to deal with whatever stood in their way, which, at the moment, was the Sheriff. 
Although he stood there alone, his deputies were positioned on the rooftops of nearby buildings, with their bows ready to shoot. They were no match for the weaponry before them, but Chris' hand hovered very close to his laser pistol and his iron expression said he was ready to stand and fight. 
Fearing things could get out of hand, Zinada frantically rifled through the pile of clothes and equipment on the floor, looking for her nail gun holster while listening to the exchange outside.
“You're the prick that's in charge around here?” came the Shikava's booming voice, in an accent as crude as his language. 
“I speak for the town,” Chris replied evenly. “Who are you, and what are you doing here?”
“You'd have trouble pronouncing me real name with that little human mouth of yours, so you can just call me Archie. The rest of me friends are right scumbags, so you don't need to know who they are. As to why we's here in this quaint, rustic setting, well, we're lookin' for somethin'. A van.”
“Haven't seen anything like that,” Chris responded easily, not taking his eyes from the hulking creature for a second.
“You know what a van is right, country boy?” Archie asked in a condescending tone. “It's like a big metal box what runs on magic. Moves people around in it.” His friends laughed at this for a few seconds before Archie continued talking. “There's something in it, a bit of cargo if you will, and me boss wants it.”
“Well, you're going to have to tell your boss that you're shit out of luck,” Chris explained. Archie's smile seemed to grow wider. 
“Oh, I never disappoint me boss,” he purred. “People what do tend to end up dead, see? Now, being the reasonable bastard that I am, I figure you lot can help us out with that. In fact, I reckon you'd be positively eager to pitch in with everythin' you know.”
Zinada found her nail gun and with shaking hands, strapped it around her bare leg, then crouched near the front door to her shack, ready to burst outside if things suddenly took a turn for the worst. 
“I don't take kindly to strangers coming into my town, making demands,” Sheriff Ortega stoically remarked in what Zinada thought of as his 'business voice'. 
“I'm not demandin' nothin',” Archie said, feigning offence. “We's bein' real friendly and such. I mean, it's such a nice little town, and it'd be such a shame if something awful came along and fucked it up.”
“That's not going to happen,” Chris retorted. “Here's what's going to happen instead – you and your friends are going to get back in your vehicle, turn around, and leave.”
“Or what?” Archie sneered, his thin veneer of civility disappearing in an instance. “You gonna kill us with that fancy shooter? Oh wait, no I get it. Your mates on the roof are gonna have some target practice with their pointy sticks, right?”
A door of the house next to where they'd stopped their sleek car opened, and Echo emerged, holding the pistol he'd acquired last night levelled at the driver. He said nothing, but looked at Archie with that emotionless stare of his.
Sensing this was the right time, Zinada opened the door to her shack and stood in the doorway, her fingers dancing on the grip of her nail gun as she gave Archie a challenging look. The tension in the air was palpable, and Zinada was sure it was about to turn to violence, when Archie's grin returned and he gave a rough laugh. 
“Well, this is a bit of a standoff, isn't it? I can see you're all properly busy here, so we'll come back another time. Might look around the area a bit to see if someone else has seen that van, you know?” He gave a quick signal with one hand, and his associates started backing up towards the car, their weapons pointed low, but ready to shoot if needed. 
“I'll be sure to tell me mates about this lovely little town you've got here,” Archie continued, standing at the passenger's door as the others got it. “I'm a real people person, you see. Lots of friends who'd love to come check this place out.”
“We'll invite a few of our friends to come along, too,” Chris replied. “We could get together and have a good old-fashioned party.”
“Oh, your friends in the neighbouring towns?” Archie asked as he sat inside and closed the door, continuing to speak through the open window. “Something tells me they might be a little busy, mate. I'll see you around.” With that and a gratuitous wink, the car hummed quietly, turned around and sped away to the north. 
Zinada let out a breath, she only then realised she'd been holding it. Just about everyone visibly relaxed, and Echo limped along the street towards the sheriff. 
“They might have suspected the van was here, but they have no proof,” the android suggested. “If they knew for certain, things would have gone differently.”
“Thanks for the backup,” Chris said to him and to Zinada, though his expression remained grim. “Town meeting at the Starlight,” he called in a loud voice to all present. “Right now.” Zinada saw the rest of the people on the street heading for the hotel, but not before giving her a considered glance first.
“Sure, just let me put on some pants first,” she muttered under her breath.


6
 Motives

Zinada, now wearing her finest tattered jeans, sat in the lounge of the Starlight Hotel eating a bowl of leftover casserole from the previous night's menu. As she ate, she popped open her plastic pill container and took one of her precious remaining Fibroxazine tablets. Sera caught her attention from nearby and pointed at the container with a questioning look on her face. Zinada shook her head, explaining in simple language that she hadn't recovered the batch from Casimir the previous night.
Silas jumped up on the arm of her couch and sat there, looking at her food until she tossed him a chunk of meat, which he plucked out of the air with his beak. Echo stood impassively near the door, dividing his attention between the sheriff and the street outside. 
Local men and women filed through the door to hear what Chris had to say, though they seemed to be making an effort to avoid standing close to Zinada. If Chris said what she thought he was going to say, her alienation would probably only grow worse. 
“Everyone here?” the sheriff asked, glancing around the room. “Good enough. I have Tomas and Jane on the roof to spot trouble if that car comes back, but I don't think they will.”
“We've seen gangs come through before, Sheriff,” an older, balding man named Alan Vilney said in a rasping voice. “When we stick together to defend the town, they're no match for us.”
“Those weren't just any old gang of thugs,” Chris warned. “You saw the wheels they rolled up in, yes? Ain't no band of common wasteland scavengers driving around in a pristine ride like that. They’ve got access to exceptional equipment, possibly recovered from some hidden stash underground. This means we have to be extra vigilant. You see something coming towards town, expect trouble and get to cover.”
“What were those weapons they was carrying?” a small, grey-haired woman called Naomi asked. “Haven't seen anything like 'em before.”
“They're using these,” Echo Nine said, limping towards the centre of the room, holding the gun up high. “Firearms, low-tech projectile weapons that make a lot of noise and pack a punch. They are compact, and can fire several times a second. I would demonstrate, but this particular weapon has precisely three shots left, and I intend to put them to good use. Believe me when I say they are deadly, and these people are not to be trifled with.”
“And how the hell are we supposed to fight them if they've got those firearm weapons?” Vilney barked. “Most people in town are a good shot with a bow, and you've got that fancy shooter, Sheriff, but if they come back in force, armed with those things...” His voice trailed off as he left the thought hanging. 
“That's something we'll deal with,” Chris assured everyone present. 
“They was asking about a van,” Naomi pointed out. “Did someone steal one of their vehicles? If so, just give the damn thing back.” As she said this, Chris looked over to Zinada, who was suddenly the centre of attention. A muted grumble rippled through the townsfolk, who seemed to understand that it was something she might have done to stir up trouble.
“Nobody stole anything from them,” Zinada shot back, and was ready to get into a heated argument when a single look from Chris silenced her.
“We'll figure this out, but I just wanted everyone on the same page,” he said to the others. “Go about your day and keep your eyes open for trouble, while I figure out how to get some better weapons, or maybe find a way to diffuse this whole situation before it comes to blows. Zinada, Echo, Silas – I want to speak with you in private.”
The short meeting over, everyone except Sera began heading back out again, with quiet mutterings about what might have happened to cause them to become the target of a powerful gang. Once the last of them had left, Echo closed the front door and the real meeting began.
“What the hell have you three brought to our doorstep?” Chris asked, looking at each of them in turn. “Did I not expressly say to avoid making trouble for the town?”
“Yes, but we didn't start this,” Zinada protested. She went on to describe the events of the previous evening, with particular emphasis on how Casimir had met his end. She chose her words carefully, but left no doubt as to how he died, followed up by how the three of them had barely escaped afterward.
“His last words were ‘Everybody has to die.’ I guess he was kind of at peace with it, but I'm so sorry he went that way,” Zinada said to Sera, who wiped a tear from her face. 
“So, Casimir crossed the wrong people,” Chris surmised, touching Sera's shoulder to comfort her a little. “I knew that guy was trouble all along. Sorry, Honey.”
“I know who he was,” Sera responded with a stern expression, “but he didn't deserve to die like that. I'm glad those who killed him got what was coming to them, though. I owe you for that,” she said to Echo, who nodded in response.
“We need to find out where they’re coming from,” Zinada said to Chris.
“With a fancy ride like that, they could be anywhere in this part of Novus,” Chris answered thoughtfully. “Right now, I’m more concerned about finding a way to keep them from coming back. Show me that gun.” Echo handed it over to Chris who examined it with an expert eye.
“I took that from their commander,” the android explained. “He was the only one armed, so I'm guessing they’re only handed out to their elite units.”
“For now,” Chris suggested. “This looks freshly manufactured to me.”
“I concur,” Echo replied. “It's no rough, home-made piece of kit. The others we saw this morning appeared identical. Someone made or recovered blueprints, and most likely fed it into a fabricator.”
“A what?” Sera asked.
“A small, automated factory,” Chris explained. “Drop in some materials and it'll spit out whatever you've got the plans for. So eventually, they can make as many of these as they want. That's not good news.”
“But why firearms?” Zinada asked. “If they can make new weapons out of any old junk, why not crank out a bunch of laser pistols?”
“Circuits,” Silas said, drawing their attention. “Rare.”
“He's right,” Echo confirmed, “high-tech gear like the sheriff's pistol take specialised components. Firearms are simple, mechanical devices, and the ammunition can be made with materials dug from the ground. They don't need high-powered energy weapons to gain a strategic edge on a world with people mostly armed with bows and sharp sticks.”
“And we might have fifty of them show up tomorrow morning,” Chris grumbled. “What are they after? What did Casimir take from them? It must have been something extremely valuable to catch the attention from a well-equipped band of thugs.”
“I don't think they're after the van, specifically,” Zinada mused. “They'd already taken everything from it. But they know that whoever took it were the ones who hit their base and took out their lead man. Perhaps they think we have what they want?”
“Wouldn't hurt to squeeze us to find out,” Chris muttered, then regretted his words when he saw Sera appearing distressed. “Hey, don't worry. Nobody's squeezing anyone while I have anything to say about it.”
“From what you're saying, we couldn't stop them if they tried,” she pointed out, arms crossed. Chris was about to respond when Echo interrupted.
“You can argue semantics later. I need to finish recharging and repair, because you're going to need me. My left leg needs work, and I'm expecting someone to pay for that.” 
“Charge up all you want, I owe you that much at least,” Sera offered. “As for the leg, well... I think I can help with that too.” Echo's expression didn't change, but he did continue gazing at her intently. Zinada and Silas joined in, wondering what she was talking about. Sera gestured for them to follow her behind the bar, where she opened a door to a storage room. There were no windows and the walls were covered in shelves laden with all manner of pots, pans, jars and other assorted goods.
“Are you sure about this?” Chris asked her, to which Sera nodded. 
On the floor was a heavy woven rug, which she lifted aside to reveal a hatch, made from the same scrap metal as the rest of the hotel. Zinada watched with interest as Sera turned a heavy latch and pulled the door up, revealing a hidden area no more than a couple of square metres in size. 
For a second, Zinada thought there was a body inside, slumped over on its knees. But a quick look showed this was an android, of the same dimensions as Echo. He was dressed in faded blue clothing, and his face was different, but otherwise the similarities were uncanny.
“This is Gabriel,” Sera announced, standing back so the others could look. “He doesn't work, so don't think I've been keeping him captive or anything like that. I figure you androids pretty much use the same parts, so if I'm right, there's your replacement leg.”
“How long have you had this here?” Zinada asked while Silas went in for a closer look. 
“Gabriel has been here since before I was born,” Sera explained. “Before my father was here, too. I think his circuits were fried during the Fall, as Grandpa once mentioned he found Gabe lying among the wreckage when the first people settled in the area. Grandpa used to say, 'this thing is rare, and probably worth a fortune. This is important. Hang on to it, as it might come in handy one day.”
“Rare is correct,” Echo agreed as he reached down and lifted Gabriel out of the hatch and onto the floor. “This is a military-spec unit, very similar to me. Your family hid this for over eight decades?”
“Yep,” Sera answered simply. “I was never going to tell anyone, but you did well avenging Casimir's death, and risked your life trying to rescue him. And you made a good point – we're going to need you before this is done, and you're not much good to us hobbling around on that leg. So, help yourself to a replacement.”
“Thank you,” Echo said in his usual flat voice, though Zinada wondered if he was genuinely grateful under that stoic exterior. Sera handed him a toolkit, and they left Echo there to work while the rest of them headed out to the lounge. 
“You're well-travelled,” Chris said to Zinada. “Do you know anywhere we could get our hands on weapons? Something more advanced than a bow and arrow, anyway.”
“I've seen a few lasers scattered here and there in Solaris,” she responded after considering his request. “None of them worked, though. I sold a few for scrap parts to Helmut, and I think he used them to repair your toaster oven.”
“So that would be 'no', then,” Chris grunted in disappointment. 
“No to high-tech stuff, but we might have another option,” Zinada suggested. “Do you remember Jim Cottle?”
“Was he a local?”
“Oh, I remember him,” Sera blurted as she started cleaning up behind the bar. “Tall, thin as a rake, long, grey beard.”
“That's him,” Zinada confirmed. “He used to come into town for supplies every now and then, years ago. I was real young back then, but I remember his face clearly.”
“Probably before I moved here,” Chris remarked. “What about him?”
“He's a survivalist, or at least was. I haven't seen him for nearly ten years, but I remember he always had a long, metal pipe on his back when he came through town. Called it his 'thunder pipe', as I recall. I never saw him use it, but maybe it was like the firearms those clowns are using?”
“Even if it is,” Chris answered, “one extra shooter isn't going to make a huge difference, and it sounds like this guy was pretty old, even back then.”
“Yeah, I never heard what happened to him,” Sera said. “Maybe he passed away, and that weapon is sitting around his shack?”
“He also had a smaller one on his belt,” Zinada added. “Not as fancy or new, but it could be the same kind of thing.”
“What, did he make them or something?” Chris asked curiously.
“To my knowledge he did, yeah,” Zinada explained. “I think it's worth a look. If I remember correctly, he was in a shack he'd built after the fall, near a river to the south.” She took out her map and traced a line south of Kismet with her finger. “There, east of Ginsborough.” 
“Thick forest down that way,” Chris remarked as he leaned in for a closer look. “But it's a bit of a hike. Maybe sixty kilometres?”
“We take the van,” Silas suggested. Zinada looked down at him with an amused expression.
“You're volunteering again, are you?” she asked.
“I'll take the infopad as payment,” he answered. 
“Oh, so that's why you're being so helpful,” Zinada mused, drawing two clicks from Silas' beak in confirmation. “Alright, you take it as-is, even if it turns out you can't fix it,” she agreed. Silas squawked, which was probably laughter in his native language, and then trotted out the door. 
“Well, that'll keep him busy for a while,” Zinada remarked. “I'm going to see what I can do to fix up the van a little more, but let Echo know that once he's got a new leg, I'll need his help to do any serious repairs. Oh, and it'll need charging, too.”
“I'll run a cable to the workshop for you,” Sera offered.
“Alright,” Chris grunted. “It's not much of a plan, but it's a start. Hopefully you can recover some weapons from Jim Cottle, alive or dead. I'll be glad to have the van out of town for a while anyway, just in case Archie and his goons come back with reinforcements and start poking around. If you need me, I'll be walking my beat around town.”
Zinada nodded and then headed through the door that led to the workshop, where the battered old van was hidden. She turned a light on and stood there looking at it, wondering where to begin. Sera came through with the power cable and without too much effort, the cells were charging. Zinada noticed the inside of the little door on the van where the charging socket was located, and that got her to thinking.
“I wonder,” she mused aloud. 
“Did you say something?” Sera asked as she turned to head out the door.
“Oh, nothing,” Zinada replied with a smile. Sera gazed at her shrewdly for a few seconds before heading back to the hotel to work. Once she was gone, Zinada grabbed her tools and climbed in the back of the van. It was just as empty as the last time she'd searched it, but this time, she was going to be thorough. 
Taking her ratchet, she started undoing bolts holding in the panels, and pulling them away to reveal the van's innards. Panel by panel she went, until she could see the chassis laid bare, and the rack of power cells beneath the floor. 
“What the hell are you doing?” Echo asked, surprising Zinada, who'd been working away oblivious to his presence. The android was standing behind the van, looking on the results of her efforts.
“Just checking it properly for any hidden problems,” she explained, keeping her true thoughts to herself for now. “How's the leg?”
“Functional,” he replied. “I came out here to repair this vehicle, and you're stripping it to the frame.”
“It'll go back together easily enough,” she assured him. “Do you need a hand?”
“After the drive back last night, it's obvious I need to fix the steering,” Echo responded. “They don't have a jack here, so come help me prop it up.” Zinada laid down her tools for a minute and followed him to the front of the van, where a pair of cinder blocks had been placed. 
“When I lift it, slot those underneath,” he instructed as he gripped the bent front bumper.
“You're going to what?” she asked, just as he started lifting the vehicle. There was a sound of protesting motors from his body, but then he lifted the van up half a metre from the floor. Quickly, she scooted underneath and placed a cinder block beneath the front axle on either side, and then stepped clear as he eased it down.
“That was impressive,” she remarked with wide eyes, though Echo didn't seem to think anything of it. Instead, he lay down on an old mat and used it to slide beneath the van to work on the steering. Seeing an opportunity, she found a spot a little further back and went underneath too, though her task was quite different from his.
The two of them worked for over an hour, with Zinada pulling apart one system after another, searching for something that she wasn't sure was even going to be there. The van wasn't a complex machine, but the nuts and bolts had corroded in place after years of neglect, and it took a supreme effort on her part to crack them open.
It was when she reached the rear power converter that this changed. The bolts came off with relative ease, and there were marks on the casing that indicated recent work. With hope starting to rise, Zinada continued undoing the bolts and once the casing was removed, she found what she didn't even know she was looking for. 
“Well, what have we here,” she murmured, spotting something wrapped in an old piece of cloth. It was light, and something rattled around inside. It wasn't huge, being only half the length of her arm, but it was secured in a small gap inside the power converter with duct tape. 
She carefully removed it and unwrapped it to discover several small plastic bottles. Each of them had a faded label, and she was barely able to make out the word ‘Aeon’ in dark letters on each. Zinada saw Echo staring at her from his position near the front end, and held up her finds.
“I don’t know what this is, but I think I just found what they were looking for,” she explained, unable to suppress a wide grin. 

7
 Discovery

Zinada stepped inside the Kismet Provender, exchanged a greeting with Helmut, and then placed the package of pill containers on the bench with a flourish of her hands. 
“What's this?” he asked curiously, setting aside the repair job he was working on to look at what she'd brought in. Annika peered around the corner to see what the fuss was about, and Silas emerged from his hatch in the ceiling above to take a look.
“I have no idea,” Zinada responded, taking a step back so they could examine it more closely. “I think this is what those thugs that came through here this morning were looking for. It was hidden in Casimir's van so well, I had to dismantle half of it to find this. The containers are sealed, but I know the sound of pills inside. It’s something called Aeon. Have you ever heard of it?”
“Not as far as I can remember,” Annika replied, glancing at Helmut to see if he had any insights. 
“Whatever it is, they want it very badly,” he remarked thoughtfully. “The original seals are still intact. Should we crack one open and see what’s inside?”
“I’d rather not,” Zinada replied hesitantly. “Given their age, they’ll probably expire rapidly once opened. They appear to be of great value, so much that Casimir risked his life to steal them from a group of well-equipped killers. So valuable that said killers are willing to threaten an entire town to find them? Could they want it back just because of its sheer value, or do they need this stuff for something specific?”
“We won't know that until we figure out what it does,” Annika answered with a shrug. 
“I don't suppose your new android friend has any ideas?” Helmut asked Zinada.
“No, he said it was 'outside his area of expertise',” she responded with a meaningful look. “Then he hooked himself up to the hotel battery to recharge.”
“Have you mentioned this to Chris yet?”
“I think the sheriff has enough on his plate at the moment,” Zinada suggested. “If we figure it out, then we'll have something to tell him.”
“Fair enough,” Helmut answered with a tone that suggested he wasn't entirely comfortable keeping it a secret.
“Look, if it was just about the money, Casimir could have told his captors where he hid them, and they might have let him go. But Cas was willing to die to stop them getting their hands on this, so I'd like to know what Aeon is before we go telling everyone about it, and I certainly don't want Ortega handing them over to that shikavan psychopath.”
“Alright, you've made your point,” Helmut conceded. “We won't tell anyone else, but if that gang comes back and we don't have a choice, I'll hand it over.”
“If you have to, sure,” Zinada agreed. “Alright, well I'm going to get some rest before we head out this evening,” she added, looking to Silas. “You should probably do the same.”
“Wait,” Silas responded, walking across the bench and fetching the infopad that Zinada had recovered and forgotten about in all the recent excitement. It was resting on a charging plate next to a pile of random bits and pieces, until Silas picked it up with his beak and brought it over and placed it on the bench before her. 
He then touched the side with one talon to hit the power button, and a few seconds later, the screen came on with crystalline blue light, revealing an ocean scene as a background, with a number of files hovering over the top, ready for viewing.
“You got it working,” Zinada exclaimed as they gathered around the soft glow. 
“Right, yes I was going to mention that,” Helmut chuckled, “but you dropped that bombshell on us. We had to rewire it in places and replace the micro power cell, but yes, your infopad works.”
“Mine,” Silas said, looking at Zinada. 
“Right, about that,” she responded hesitantly, recalling their arrangement. “While it's nice to have you along on these little outings, what I could really use is –”
“Money,” Silas interrupted, reaching into his pack and pulling out a small cloth sack. He dropped it onto the bench in front of her, where several high-denomination plastic credits spilled out. 
“This is... five hundred credits,” Zinada remarked after quickly counting it out. Silas clicked his beak twice, and awaited her response. “Well, yeah uh, we have a deal,” she finally blurted, feeling financially secure for the first time in months. “Are you still coming with us tonight?”
“Yes,” Silas assured her, then turned his attention to the screen.
“What sort of files are on that thing?” Zinada asked curiously. Silas tapped and moved icons around on the holographic display like an old pro. A few seconds later, it started playing music, a small part of one song, then another, sounds that none of them had ever heard before. 
“It's beautiful,” Zinada remarked sombrely, enjoying one track in particular with smooth sounds and a pulsing rhythm. Silas went through several tracks, indicating the previous owner had decent taste in music. There was something haunting about listening to music from a century ago, from an era lost to time, where people had everything they needed and spent their days creating something as beautiful as this, instead of struggling to survive in a broken world.  
“That's an impressive find,” Helmut remarked, “but it's making me kind of sad. What about that thing Zinada said she saw on it, a movie of some kind?”
“Oh, play the video I found,” she blurted. Silas took a moment to scan through the files, before he found the last video the infopad played. Together they watched the final moments of the family playing in the shadows of the soaring spires of Solaris in its glory days, as Zinada had seen when she found it. Then the flash went off in the sky and the explosion wave followed, heralding the end of the video. 
They were all silent following the harrowing vision of the end of the world, preserved for over eight decades in the basement of the building Zinada had raided. 
“Imagine living through that,” Annika said quietly, drawing closer to Helmut for comfort. 
“It's one thing to know the event happened, and quite another to see and hear it,” Helmut mumbled. “It's remarkable this infopad survived. Silas, can you tell if it's military spec? I'm thinking it's got some shielding or some such.” he asked after a moment's thought. 
“It is,” the corvid answered with certainty. He tapped the backing of the unit with his beak, which Helmut picked up for closer inspection. 
“Titanium blended with something else,” he remarked, using one of his tools to examine the material. “Probably aluminium, it's resistant to electromagnetic radiation, such as that phenomena we just witnessed. Moving into the basement right after the blast protected it from further damage. You got lucky.”
“Don't I know it,” Zinada breathed, understanding how rare such a find was. “My next question is, what caused that blast?”
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Helmut mumbled, scratching his head. 
“Electromagnetic pulse,” Silas answered, drawing blank looks from everyone present.
“An electromagnetic pulse, was it?” Zinada asked curiously. “Are you sure?” 
“Yes,” Silas replied confidently.  
“Interesting. So uh, what is an electromagnetic pulse, exactly?” Zinada asked, having no clue what he was talking about. Silas gave her a blank look, then tapped away at the infopad's surface for a few seconds. Zinada peered at the screen and saw a page of information about the topic, along with a short video and some pictures of powerful explosions. 
“It's an effect produced by nuclear explosions, high-powered energy weapons, or stellar phenomenon,” she recited for the benefit of everyone. “I don't know what that last one means.”
“It's talking about the sun, Zin,” Annika explained. “If I recall correctly, sometimes a star can generate a vast amount of energy which shoots out and hits a planet.”
“Perhaps that's what happened?” Zinada muttered, mostly to herself. 
“Don't get her started,” Helmut chuckled, poking Annika in the ribs. “She'll be up all night formulating hypotheses again.” 
“Too late for that,” Zinada smiled ruefully. 
“Regardless, this is important archival footage,” Annika remarked, “so I'll be sure to keep a copy backed up on our system. I'll pass it along to any travelling archivists, too. They might offer further insights. You look like you could use some more rest Zin, go lay down for a while.”
Zinada nodded and waved goodbye, then headed out the door and back to her little shack. Although not sleepy, she'd travelled a long way recently, and the deadly excitement of the previous day had been a bit much to deal with as well. Once the front door was closed, she flopped down onto her bed and zoned out.
 She stared up at the ceiling for a long time, not really thinking about much at all, until her random thoughts latched onto the events she'd seen on the infopad. Zinada sat upright and looked at her wall, where she kept an extensive list of clues and thoughts on the topic, and went to the event item itself.
She'd earlier written 'flash in the sky' next to the date, but now added 'stellar phenomenon, nuclear or high-energy weapon?' to the list. Zinada sat on her bed and stared at the wall for a while, but no further revelations popped into her mind. There were simply too many unknowns to figure out what had really happened, but it was another step forward.
With that finally out of her mind, Zinada lay back and let her mind drift off. Visceral images of the fighting she'd been through on the previous night flashed through her dreams. A shadowy man with no face shot at her with a firearm, exploding with a deafening noise that woke her with a start sometime later in the day. 
Her eyes darted around, looking for trouble before realising the noise had merely been in her dream. Exhaling with relief, she knew there were more of those weapons out there, in all the wrong hands, and it was bothering her more than she cared to admit. With no desire for further rest, she headed over to the Starlight for an afternoon meal, noting four people positioned on rooftops around the town, keeping watch for more troublemakers. 
Putting these concerns aside for the time being, and flush with money from the sale of the infopad, Zinada indulged in the best food Sera's cook had to offer. 
“Two servings?” Sera remarked in mild surprise. “Well look at you, throwing around your money like nobody's business.”
“I need to take advantage of it while I can,” Zinada responded as Sera passed over another bowl of thick, hearty stew. Across the room, Echo silently sat with his head bowed, charging up for the journey ahead. “I tend to eat sparingly out on the road. You know, pressed grains, rations, fruit, things like that. I like to travel light and be ready to move.”
“Understandable, and yeah, you could use some fattening up,” Sera pointed out with a slight smile. It faded quickly when she continued talking, however. “What are you going to do about your medicine?”
“Thanks, I was trying not to think about that,” Zinada muttered with a spoon halfway to her mouth. She placed it back on the edge of her bowl and considered her next words. “The only place I know for sure has Fibroxazine pills is wherever those bastards took Casimir's stuff. If I can’t track down any more of it out there somewhere, at some point, I’ll have to find out where they took the stuff.”
“What happens if you run out of medicine?” Sera asked quietly. Zinada took another mouthful of stew and swallowed before answering.
“Have you ever worked so hard your whole body ached, and you felt like you couldn't move a muscle?”
“Once, when we had to repair the front of the hotel after that storm came through three years ago and wrecked the place,” Sera answered. 
“Imagine that, getting worse every day until it's all you can do to stop yourself from screaming,” Zinada explained in a low voice, keeping her eyes locked on Sera's. “I've heard people die eventually, but I got lucky when dad came across a travelling doctor who'd heard of the condition before.”
“Maybe try and track down that doctor again?” Sera suggested.
“He hasn’t been through here in years, and I’ve no idea where he might be.”
“Wait, you've been taking one a day for what, five years?” Sera remarked, stopping work to stare at Zinada.
“Longer. I've been lucky for the most part. Most of these pills are expired, as you'd expect, but they still sort of work. This lot was a really strong batch, no side effects whatsoever.”
“I'll ask around and see if anyone has a lead on finding more,” Sera offered. 
“I'd appreciate that,” Zinada replied hesitantly, “but I have two tablets left, which means I'd better think of something very soon, instead of hoping someone else comes through for me.” 
Their conversation ended at that point, with Sera called away to attend other business at the hotel, and Zinada unwilling to talk about the topic any further. What she hadn't mentioned is the third option she was considering – travelling into the depths of ruined cities to search old hospitals for their remaining stock. It was dangerous, the chances of success were slim, and it could take weeks of searching to find even one batch. 
After finishing her meal, Zinada decided to stock up the van with some essentials, such as extra water containers, rope, a shovel, anything she could think of that might be useful out in the wilds. The van didn't have a spare tire, so if one of these old tires went flat, they were likely going to be stuck out there. 
Not long before sunset, Echo came back online and immediately headed for the van, where he found Zinada and Silas waiting for him in the front seats. 
“There he is,” Zinada greeted the android with a smile. “Have a nice nap?”
“I don't nap, I recharge,” he responded evenly, performing one last check over the van.
“I guess you don't dream either,' Zinada remarked. 
“That would be correct,” Echo replied as he sat in the driver's seat. “Silas, I'm reading only fifty percent on the power cells,” he noted, looking at the large corvid sitting next to him.
“Several cells are dead,” Silas explained. 
“So that's why this thing is so slow,” Echo remarked. “Still, it beats walking. Get the door, Zinada.” She hopped out of the van and swung open the large metal door at the back of the workshop, allowing Echo to back out in near silence. She closed the door once it was clear, then jumped back into the passenger seat and held on as Echo took the van around the back of the hotel, out onto the road, and headed south over the old bridge. 
 Clouds reflected the last light of the sun as it sunk below the horizon, colouring the skies in gold and pink hues. The van's single working headlight lit up the road ahead adequately, though the vehicle's top speed seemed to be around thirty kilometres an hour. Much to Zinada's relief, the van was handling a lot better after Echo's efforts fixing the steering, providing a relatively smooth journey.
In near darkness they drove for an hour, through huge, looming trees, until Paragon's moons rose high enough to shed silvery light in the clear conditions. Zinada used her flashlight to monitor her map, keeping track of their progress along the simple dirt road. Another hour on and she figured they were close to the path leading from the highway up to Jim Cottle's place in the hills. 
“Keep an eye out for the turnoff on your left,” she advised Echo. “If I recall correctly, it's more of a trail than a road, so it might be a tight fit.” Echo slowed a little as he looked for the path, and within a few minutes, a gap in the trees appeared.
They slowed and turned, and found Zinada's warning was accurate. Branches screeched and scraped along the sides of the van, with the wheels churning through dirt and mud off the trail that was really only wide enough for walking. 
“How much further is this place?” Echo asked Zinada who stared at her map and made some quick calculations.
“At this speed? Another hour. If the path doesn't open up, we might as well walk it.”
“We're not leaving the van this close to the road,” Echo responded as he did his level best to keep the van moving. “Anyone could come along and steal it.” Zinada didn't argue and settled for gritting her teeth against the screeching noise that ruined the otherwise stealthy electric vehicle's approach. 
Fortunately, a few minutes further along the path opened up, revealing a bare patch of dirt wide enough for them to park the van to one side. They cautiously got out, flashlights shining as they checked for any signs of potential trouble.
“Clear,” Echo said, holstering his pistol. 
“Jim always said he'd found a quiet little spot to settle down,” Zinada remarked. “I didn't realise it was literally in the middle of nowhere.”
“There's a good chance it's remained hidden all this time,” Echo suggested. “Let's find out.” With Silas deciding to walk instead of fly, they started along the path, with Zinada's ears pricked for the slightest sounds in the quiet night. Only a faint gust of wind stirred the branches around them, and their footfalls were the loudest thing in the forest.  At least, until around twenty minutes later when a strange noise could be heard from up ahead, a sort of whirring noise that repeated every few seconds.
Echo drew his weapon again as they cautiously moved forward, rounding a bend in the path that turned into an open field roughly fifty metres across, and double that in width. The whirring sound was coming from maybe twenty metres ahead, and when Zinada shone her light on the area, they spotted a large, boxy robot over two metres tall, with wheeled treads instead of feet. 
Four arms came from its upper torso, two of which ended in large mechanical hands, with one of the others appearing to have been torn off at the elbow at some point, and the fourth arm a long, elongated metal box attached in place of a forearm. The robot didn't appear to have a separate head, but instead had a number of eye-like sensors mounted on the front of its hefty torso, which was almost completely covered in muck.
The robot appeared to be bogged in thick mud, with the whirring sound coming from its motors as it attempted to work its way out. It was a valiant effort but each movement appeared to mire it even further. 
A few seconds after Zinada's light shone at the robot, it detected their presence and stopped where it was. Its torso elevated and turned towards them, and the arm with the boxy attachment levelled at them with an ominous hum – a red light shining a dot on Echo's forehead. 
“Halt, and identify yourselves,” the robot ordered in a deep, booming mechanical voice. 
“Uh oh,” Silas said, summing up Zinada's feelings exactly. 

8
 Virn

Echo held perfectly still, keeping his pistol pointed at the ground while Silas dashed behind a nearby tree trunk. Zinada also froze, her light still shining across the field as she fought the urge to follow Silas' example. Beyond the robot, she spotted what appeared to be a building of some kind, partially covered by vines and other plants growing over it.
“Hold your fire,” Echo said to the old robot, who still had the odd weapon levelled, ready to shoot. It had no obvious barrel, a design that reminded Zinada of Sheriff Ortega's laser pistol, only much larger. 
“I require immediate authentication,” the robot responded. “Identify yourselves, or I will be forced to classify you as hostile.”
“Unit designation Echo Nine Three Seven, Sierra Five,” Echo answered, which Zinada assumed was basically his full name.  
“Combat series android, special operations mod,” the robot stated, seeming to identify the name, but the weapon remained pointed at him. “State your intentions.”
“My intention is to walk across this field to the building on the other side,” Echo answered, apparently having seen the same thing as Zinada, “and if you don't blow me to pieces, I might even help you out of that mud.” 
“Do you vouch for your associates?”
“They are part of my team, yes,” Echo confirmed, taking some liberties with the truth that Zinada didn't want to correct.
The robot's weapon folded back and pointed skywards, emitting a faint squeaking sound from joints long starved of oil. The humming sound ceased, and the machine's whole posture seemed to relax, if such a thing was possible. 
“Your assistance would be appreciated,” it said. Zinada breathed deeply and relaxed, and gave Echo a nod of respect. Silas cautiously emerged from hiding, and once it seemed the robot wasn't about to attack, started examining the situation in his usual inquisitive fashion. 
“What are you doing here?” Zinada asked, noting that the robot seemed to be in the middle of the field of mud. “Are you guarding that building?”
“No, I was responding to the sound of weapons fire in the area,” the robot explained, no longer attempting to move. “By the time I arrived, it had stopped, so I advise caution while you remain in the vicinity.” 
“This field leaves us exposed,” Echo remarked, lowering his weapon but not holstering it. “I'll keep watch, but if we're going to help, we should be quick about it.”
Zinada moved forward cautiously, testing the ground before putting her full weight on it, in case she ended up in a state worse than this ancient robot. It watched her impassively, with no sign it was about to go berserk or change its mind, so with growing confidence, Zinada formulated a plan.
“So, what do I call you?” she asked of it while looking around the area to see what she had to work with.
“My unit designation file has been corrupted,” it replied, its voice somewhat less booming than before. 
“Alright, well, what do people call you?”
“I rarely interact with people in ways that do not involve weapons fire,” it said in a very matter-of-fact way, not entirely dissimilar to the way Echo spoke, but with a more metallic quality. “Any mention of a designation given to me is not on file.”
“Are you driving around shooting at everything in sight?” Zinada asked, what she thought of as a pertinent question.
“I only respond to violence with violence,” the robot stated. “Those I encounter frequently attempt to dismantle me for spare parts. I cannot allow this.”
“Well, sure, you've gotta protect your parts,” Zinada agreed, finding it odd to have a conversation with a machine that looked like a pile of metal boxes welded together. “I have to say, I haven't met a robot that had a personality before. They're mostly pretty simple machines.”
“Automatons such as myself are designed for a specific purpose, with capabilities equal to the task.”
“Oh, and what was your specific task?”
“That information has been corrupted,” the robot stated, which was becoming a recurring theme. “While this exchange is useful, I ask that you expedite a solution to my predicament. The longer I am stuck here, the more chance we will be exposed to potential danger.”
“Sure, but Echo will let us know if there's anybody nearby,” Zinada assured it. She took the coil of rope from over her shoulder and noticed Silas standing at the base of a tall tree with a thick trunk, not far from the edge of the mire. “Great minds think alike, huh,” she remarked, circling the trunk with one end of the rope, and handing the other end to Silas.
The corvid grasped it with his feet and flew into the air, and dropped down to the robot which snagged the rope in a claw and tied it around the middle of its frame, apparently understanding what they were going to attempt. 
“How much do you weigh?” she asked as she gripped the rope with her gloved hands.
“Three hundred and sixty-five kilograms,” it answered. “By my estimation, you lack the strength to free me, so I will attempt this myself. Please secure your end of the rope to the tree.” Zinada nodded and did as she was asked, tying the rope off with the best knot she could think of. 
It was then that part of the tree exploded, showering her with shredded bark, followed a fraction of a second later by a loud blast from across the field. Zinada and Silas instantly hit the ground, while Echo stepped behind another tree. 
“It came from the structure,” he called as another shot flew past them in the air. Zinada kept her head down, but her eyes on the building to try and see who was shooting at them. Even in the moonlight it was too dark to make out any details, but there was every chance that Jim Cottle was still alive and shooting and the strangers in his front yard.
“Jim, is that you?” she yelled towards the old building. “We're from Kismet. Stop shooting, we aren’t here to cause trouble!” The silence afterward lasted only a few seconds, before another shot struck the tree she was hiding behind. While this was happening, the robot was pulling on the rope, which creaked as its tracked wheels spun, sending mud flying.  
With her heart pounding, Zinada crawled closer to the tree and placed her back against it, then cautiously peered around it to see if she could spot the shooter. 
“If the old guy is in there, he's well hidden,” Zinada muttered. The robot's treads finally pulled free of the mire and it drove across the field, letting go of the rope and taking up position between them and the building.
“Please remain in cover,” it warned as its weapon deployed again, aiming at the distant structure. A shot rang out again, this time hitting the robot square in the torso, but it didn't flinch.
“Don't kill him,” Zinada begged, hoping old Jim Cottle hadn't lost his marbles. The robot didn't answer, instead emitting a dull hum from its laser. A small flash of fire exploded from the building as whoever was shooting was scorched with coherent light. There was no responding shot from the darkness, and after several seconds of silence, Echo emerged from behind the tree to check, his pistol at the ready. He quickly strode across the edge of the field where the ground was firm, approaching the building for a closer look. 
“Clear,” came his voice from across the field, sending a feeling of relief through Zinada. She and Silas tentatively emerged from hiding and approached the robot.
“You didn't kill him, did you?” she asked, wiping dirt from her hands.
“It was an automated turret on the house,” Echo explained as he came closer, holstering his pistol. “It's been neutralised.”
“Thank you for your assistance,” the robot said, untying the rope and handing it to Zinada. 
“Uh, you're welcome, and thank you for yours,” she replied as she coiled it up, with the huge robot towering over her. When her hands were free, she shone her flashlight over its body for a better look. Under the caked-on mud was a frame exhibiting significant signs of corrosion, with rusty metal parts partially covered by what appeared to be titanium plating, which was in much better condition. The faded remains of striped yellow and black warning paint were visible in places, and near that she spotted some large, blocky letters printed on its right side.
“V1-RN,” she read aloud after taking a moment to wipe some of the mud away.
“What is that?” it asked, apparently not recognising its own designation.
“You really don't know who you are, do you?” Zinada remarked, feeling sorry for a machine that didn't feel any emotions. “We're going to call you Virn, okay?”
“This is acceptable,” Virn replied. 
“What are you going to do now?” Echo asked curiously.
“I will ensure your safety while you remain in the area, then continue patrolling.” 
“Is that what you've been doing all this time?” Zinada asked.
“It is one of my primary orders, which I have been carrying out as long as I can remember.”
“How long is that?” Silas asked, breaking his prolonged silence.
“Five months, seventeen days,” Virn responded. 
“That's as far back as you can remember?” Zinada asked in astonishment.
“Yes,” Virn answered simply. 
“Circuit damage,” Silas suggested expertly. 
“What are your capabilities?” Echo asked.
“I have mechanical and security functions.”
“Okay, how about this,” Zinada offered after a few seconds of deliberation. “If you would consider providing security for a whole town full of people who need protection, we can give you a full service. It looks like it's been a long time since you've had one.”
“I agree to your terms,” Virn replied. Zinada flashed a big smile at Echo, then turned her attention to their reasons for coming here in the first place. “Alright, we came here to see if the resident of that building was still alive,” she explained to Virn, “but since we haven't heard anything, he's either out or... dead.”
“Proceed with your investigation,” Virn suggested. “I will use my infra-red sensors to monitor the surrounding terrain for threats.”
“Nice,” Silas remarked, then quickly trotted towards the building, with the others following close behind. The smell of charred circuitry wafted in the air as they approached, mixed with the smell of damp earth tinged with something rotting. The occasional spark jumped out of the remains of the defensive turret attached to the roof, of what appeared to be an old shack build from wood. Much of it appeared rotted and in need of repair, indicating it was very old indeed. 
Near the doorway were the long-decomposed remains of three bodies, two of them human and one some other species, all of whom met their end trying to break into the house.
“Gunshot wounds, probably from the turret,” Echo suggested after a cursory inspection.
“Nobody's been in or out of here in a long time,” Zinada surmised. “Look at the front door – it's covered in vines.” 
“I want to get a closer look at that gun,” Echo said, positioning himself at the end of the building and in one quick move, leaped up and grabbed the gutter, then effortlessly pulled himself over the top. The turret had taken a terminal hit from Virn, so the weapon attached to it came away easily. By Zinada's light, she could see it was a simple, hand-crafted pistol. 
“Primitive, but effective,” Echo remarked, shoving it into his belt for later use. “There are solar panels up here, too.” 
“Let's see if we can get in there,” Zinada replied. By the light of Silas' headlamp, she pulled away some of the vegetation and found it was a solid-looking door protected by a large, rusty electronic lock with a corroded touch screen no larger than the palm of her hand. A small red dot of light showed there was still power to the security system.
“There's no getting through that,” Zinada muttered. “Looks like a hand-print scanner. Cottle certainly knew how to protect himself. I guess we could just break the door down?” Silas squawked at this and came closer to the electronic lock for a look. He took out some small tools from his pack and pried open the plastic outer case of the lock with his beak, then went to work on the inside bits, connecting a couple of wires from the system to his infopad. 
He tapped away at the screen for nearly a minute, before there was a loud thunk from the door lock as the bolt snapped open. 
“Aren't you handy,” Zinada remarked as she carefully turned the handle. A light came on automatically as she looked inside and saw a small, two-room house with shelf racks against one wall, laden with tins of food and other preserved items. It smelled like the person who lived here didn't enjoy bathing, or ventilation. 
The wooden floor was bare, and a single bed lay empty in the far corner. A bench with tools and parts dominated the centre of the room, with a number of electronic devices lying about. A metal door with an impressive lock featured prominently against the far wall.
“Well at least there's no sign of his body,” Zinada said as she went inside and looked around. 
“Unless it's one of those out the front,” Echo suggested. 
“I hadn't thought of that,” Zinada confessed. “I don't suppose we'll ever know. Silas, can you see about opening that other door?” 
“Sure,” he answered, trotting over to investigate, while Zinada noted clothes on the floor, and a general mess in the whole room. 
“Interesting machinery here,” Echo said, pointing at a number of heavy metal pieces bolted to a wooden desk. “Looks like he made his own ammunition.”
“And it seems like he left in a hurry,” Zinada added, gesturing at the clutter. 
“Or he was a slob,” Echo pointed out. “Are you really trying to decipher the habits of a man who lived like this?”
“There are little bits of neatness in the chaos,” she answered. “Over there, see? Three pairs of boots neatly arranged next to the front door. That clothing rack on the wall might just be a few metal poles bolted together, but most of his stuff is still hung, not tossed on the floor, like, he was sorting through what he needed, but didn't have time to hang the rest back up again.”
“It's an interesting theory,” Echo conceded, though he didn't seem convinced. Before they could continue the discussion, Silas squawked and stepped back from the heavy door, which opened silently on well-oiled hinges. Zinada shone her light through it and saw a small, closet-sized space with racks for weaponry. 
“Jackpot,” she purred, moving in for a closer look. Unfortunately, most of the racks were empty, but a few pieces of Cottle's custom personal artillery were still there. Echo reached in and grabbed one, and gave it his expert analysis. 
“There's only six of these things, but it's better than nothing,” he said, checking the loading mechanism. “Single shot, bolt-action rifles. Not exactly a fast rate of fire, but it should be reliable.”
“Body armour, too,” Silas added, pointing at a few black vests piled on the floor of the armoury. 
“Not seeing any bullets here,” Echo remarked after a cursory look through it all. The three of them searched the house thoroughly, and discovered a few blue plastic barrels beneath the old man's bed. Echo cracked a lid open and discovered a fine black powder inside.
“Apparently he liked sleeping on gunpowder,” the android noted. “He's crazier than I thought. With the equipment he has here, we can make our own.”
“Look,” Silas called from the centre of the room, where he'd discovered a couple of broken infopads wired together. Zinada had thought it was just random pieces of junk, but Silas had managed to turn on what appeared to be a makeshift computer. 
“He kept a journal,” Zinada remarked as she looked at the contents of the fuzzy display. “Can you access it?” Silas tapped at the screen for a few seconds and brought up a video showing Jim Cottle himself, older than Zinada remembered and appearing pale and sickly. 
“I don't know who'd be watching this,” the image of Cottle said with a croaking voice, “but if you broke in to steal my stuff, fuck you. If you just happened to stumble across my cabin long after I'm gone, well, sorry about the language, and I hope the turret didn't shoot your arm off. Help yourself I guess – I won't be needing it anymore. 
“You see, I'm sick. Don't know if you care about some old codger with a beard as long as your arm talking about his ailments, don't much care either. Point is, I'm not getting better and I've survived for too long to just give up and die now. I'll go when I choose, not before.”
He paused for a moment to engage in a fit of coughing, which drew some sympathy from Zinada. 
“The poor old guy was on his own, with nobody to help him,” she whispered.
“He could have moved to Kismet if he wanted that,” Echo answered. “He lived how he wanted.”
“And probably died that way too,” Zinada pointed out.
“There you have it,” Jim went on once he could speak again. “Feels like my lungs want to leap out of my chest. I'd go see a doctor and get some medicine, but some stupid bastards went and destroyed civilisation. Or something else happened, how the hell should I know. I may look like an old wise man, but I sure ain't one.”
“Colourful guy,” Zinada remarked. 
“Anyway, I guess this message counts as my will, as I might not make it back from where I'm headed. I figure I've got one shot, and it's a long way on foot but I'm gonna try it. There's a hospital in the ruins of Solaris, Central Mercy it was called, which was built a bit tougher than some other places. It's pretty far in, so there's probably radiation, or savages or something there I guess, but I have to try. I'm only eighty-six and I've got my whole life ahead of me, you know?” He laughed aloud at this, which quickly turned into another coughing fit.
“He was just a kid when the whole of civilisation fell over,” Zinada murmured. “He saw it all happen, and lived through the aftermath.”
“I better get going,” Jim continued after the fit passed, sounding weaker than before. “Put my stuff to good use. I spent a lot of time figuring out how to make it, and it shouldn't go to waste. I didn't have a bad life, all things considered, certainly better than most. That's all, I guess. Keep surviving, because what else are you going to do?”
He reached across towards the screen and the video ended. 
“When was that recorded?” Zinada asked Silas, who tapped at the screen for a moment. 
“Nearly three years ago,” he answered, pointing at the file details. 
“It's safe to assume he never made it,” Echo said, pointing out the obvious. “Let's get all this stuff to the van.” Zinada remained silent, thinking about what Jim had said about risking a trip to the hospital. 
“Desperate times call for desperate measures,” she whispered to herself. 

9
 Preparation

“Are you sure you want to bother with all of this?” Echo asked, looking up at Zinada on the roof of Jim's cabin. 
“Yep, every single piece,” she answered firmly, without taking her eyes off the job at hand. She was unbolting the solar panels from the roof, while Silas stripped wires and circuits from other parts of the building. “Load up the van with everything that isn't bolted down, then wait until I unbolt it, and take that too.”
Echo didn't reply, and instead did what was asked. It took a few hours to get it all done, working well into the night, but it was going to be worth it for all of the bits and pieces Jim left behind. Virn proved to be extremely useful, as his huge frame was ideal for carrying the larger items even Echo struggled with.
“You got it?” Zinada asked Virn as she and Echo handed the solar panel array over to him. 
“The object is well within my maximum rated lift capacity,” he assured them, hefting the panels with both mechanical claws. 
“Well, when you get back, we've got the power cell pack from the house for you to carry,” Zinada warned with a slight grin. Virn drove carefully over the uneven terrain and disappeared into the darkness, with only the squeaking of his rusty wheels audible in the night.
“Finding him was worth the trip alone,” Zinada remarked to Echo as they turned back to the cabin to finish it off. 
“I'd take six riflemen over a century old robot that hasn't seen a maintenance bay in eighty-three years,” Echo responded.
“Well, luckily, we'll have both. I hope it's enough.” It took several more trips before the cabin was bare, leaving only the furniture behind. To Zinada's surprise, Virn had already attached the solar panels to the roof rack, leaving him just enough space to ride in the back and still allow the doors to close. The van's suspension creaked when Virn climbed aboard and rolled to a stop, surrounded by their haul of salvage. Echo and Zinada climbed aboard just as Silas flew in at the last moment, with the remains of the turret strapped to his back.
“Virn fried that thing pretty good,” Zinada warned. “Do you actually think you can fix it?”
“Yes,” Silas chirped, settling in to his seat. Too tired to argue, she settled back while Echo turned the van around and headed back down the narrow path to the main road. 
The heavily loaded vehicle lumbered along the road, even slower than before. Echo suggested it was going to take three hours to return to Kismet, so Zinada leaned her head back and drifted off after another long day. 
She woke to the sound of the van's door closing, and after rubbing the sleep from her eyes, saw they were parked back in the workshop at Kismet. 
“Sorry to wake you,” Echo said from just outside the door. “You looked like you could use the sleep, so I drove as carefully as I could.” 
“That's fine,” she mumbled, reaching for the handle. “How are you going for charge? Do you want to unload now, or let us take care of it tomorrow?”
“We're good for now,” Echo answered, heading for the back of the van, where Virn was already unloading things. “Go get some more sleep.” The door leading further into the hotel opened, and Sera peered through, looking as though she'd just woken up.
“I thought I heard the van pull up,” she murmured, then stumbled backwards in shock when she caught sight of Virn getting out of the van, carrying supplies into the workshop.
“Relax, he's with us,” Zinada reassured her as Sera grabbed onto the door frame to steady herself.  
“That's a hell of a thing to see looming at you out of the darkness,” she responded. “Are you sure it's reliable? I've seen a few robots with corroded brains go berserk before. It's not pretty.”
“I'll check,” Silas replied, using his wings to fly up and land on top of Virn. “Hold still.” 
“Echo Nine, do you approve this maintenance procedure?” Virn asked.
“Follow the instructions of Silas or Zinada as if they were my own,” Echo answered, much to their approval. 
“Confirmed, holding position,” the huge robot agreed, pausing in his task to allow Silas to crack open his case. 
“So, did you find Jim Cottle?” Sera asked while he worked.
“No, he probably died a few years ago,” Zinada explained. “His cabin was abandoned, so we took everything we could fit in the van.”
“Including these,” Echo added, hefting one of the bolt-action rifles they'd recovered and handing it to Sera. “Tomorrow I'll show some of the locals how to use them, yourself included, if you like.” Sera held the weapon as if it were about to bite her, but reluctantly nodded.
“Speaking of tomorrow, I'll see you then,” Zinada muttered sleepily. 
“I'll take care of things here,” Echo said as she headed out the door and to her shack. 

*          *          *

The sound of howling winds and peals of thunder woke Zinada early next morning, accompanied by the dripping of water through her not-exactly-watertight roof. On the plus side, the water tanks were full and allowed her to take a quick shower to wash away the grime, before making a dash down the street to the Starlight Hotel.
Echo was recharging, and locals were eating their morning meals before facing the elements as part of their daily work lives, but Chris, Sera and Silas were behind the bar, intently listening to the hotel's radio.
“What's going on?” Zinada asked, hearing shouted voices and other disturbing noises from the old speakers.
“Oberon's being harassed by a gang,” Chris explained over the sound of the weather, his voice grim. “They showed up about ten minutes ago, demanding to inspect the place. Magistrate Ulmarin told them to go away, but they refused.”
“They hit the town of Jasala a little further north up the highway during the night,” Sera added. “Didn't even ask for cooperation, they just started ripping the place apart looking for rare tech.” Zinada noted that Sera didn't appear like she'd gotten back to sleep last night, with dark patches visible beneath her eyes. 
“Did you hear all that?” the magistrate asked in his accented voice, slightly garbled over the comms. “They just went for the generator, said they're looking for some kind of old world tech.”
Chris and Zinada exchanged a look, wondering if this had any connection to their predicament. She reached for the microphone and spoke as clearly as she could.
“What exactly did they say they were looking for? Did they mention anything about a van?” 
“Van? No, nothing like that,” Ulmarin answered, his voice harmonising with itself, a trait native to the xarani species. “We have an old starship engine here we use to generate power, and as soon as they arrived, they were crawling all over it. They're after some specific parts, but I don't know enough about tech to tell you what. Our town engineer is being forced to assist them.” 
The sound of something roaring came in clear over the radio, startling all of them except Chris.
“That's likely our old friend Archie,” he muttered. “Shikava like to make a lot of noise when they fight.”
“Can we help them?” Zinada asked, knowing it was already too late.
“Even if the van was charged – which it isn't – and you headed up there right away, you wouldn't make it in time,” the sheriff explained. The background noise over the signal died down a little, and the magistrate started talking again.
“We only have simple weapons, and these thugs are well armed. I – hey, get back, don't touch her or –” He was cut short by the sound of gunshots in the background, moments before the signal was lost. Zinada and the others stood in shocked silence, listening to the crackling static clearly audible over the rumbling storm overhead.
“We'd best get ready for when they come our way,” Chris growled, switching off the crude, makeshift radio with a tap of one finger, “or that's what'll happen to us.”
“We found more firearms,” Zinada offered hopefully. 
“Echo mentioned that, yeah,” Chris answered, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. “He said something about a robot you'd recovered that might be of use, too.”
“Yes, let me show you,” Silas responded, hopping down onto the floor and trotting towards the workshop out back. Zinada went to follow but Sera caught her attention.
“Eat,” she said simply, pushing a plate with a grilled tomato and cheese sandwich on it. Zinada gave her a grateful look, then started eating as she walked. Zinada took out her pill container and carefully tapped one out, noting with concern that there was only one left at the bottom. With too much to think about now, she pushed that scary thought from her mind and focused on the present.
The van was jacked up at the rear on cinder blocks, with Virn busily at work underneath. His body had articulated to become rather flat, and he had no trouble operating in the confined space. 
“Hello Virn, what are you up to?” Zinada asked curiously. 
“I am replacing the worn-out power cells on this vehicle with the unit salvaged from the house last night, as ordered,” the robot explained, emerging from the van and standing upright.
“I told him to,” Silas explained, scooting under the van to take a look.
“The solar panels are also attached and functional,” Virn continued, while Chris looked on with a mixture of trepidation and wonder, “so the vehicle's cells will recharge and greatly extend its range.”
“Well done,” Zinada remarked between mouthfuls. “I want to introduce you to Sheriff Christopher Ortega. Chris, this is Virn.” Chris just nodded stoically, but his presence seemed to interest Virn, who turned and rolled forward a little to loom over the sheriff.
“Greetings. You are responsible for security in this region, yes?”
“That's right, the town and around fifty kilometres in any direction,” Chris confirmed, not intimidated by the towering, filth-covered automaton.
“As a security unit, I am under your jurisdiction. I have been recruited to offer my services to this community, but I require your authorisation to use force in its defence.”
“Uh... alright,” Chris responded hesitantly, with a look at Zinada, who only shrugged at him. “I authorise you to use force when defending this town from those who would use violence against the citizens. How does that sound?”
“That is sufficient,” Virn replied in his deep, metallic voice. “Do you have any further instructions for me at this time?”
“How about we start by giving you a wash,” Zinada suggested. “You're leaving mud all over the place. I assume you're waterproof?”
“My casing is sealed against water, radiation and hard vacuum,” Virn explained. “I will go outside to wash off the mud in this storm. Please stand by.” With that, he turned and squeaked to the workshop's door, which he opened wide enough to pass through, and headed out into the driving rain.
“Well, he seems... stable,” Chris remarked to Zinada. 
“So far, so good,” she agreed. “You couldn't see it under all the mud, but one of his arms has a laser rifle on it, and it seemed pretty effective last night.”
“Okay, well looks like we have an ace up our sleeve,” the sheriff murmured thoughtfully. “I'll need to show some of our people how to use these firearms you've brought back, and we'll have to make some ammunition too. There's a lot to do, but you heard what Ulmarin said about what they were after, right?”
“Something from a starship engine,” Zinada replied, trying to figure out what it meant. “I wonder if they're still searching for those tablets, maybe thinking they’ve been stashed someplace.” She glanced at the small pill containers of Aeon sitting on the shelf, almost forgotten.
“Gangs of enforcers are hitting towns in the region for high-tech parts,” Chris stated. “I think it's safe to say this has become about more than a few containers of pills.”
“Any idea who?” Zinada asked curiously.
“A few names come to mind,” Chris muttered, “but if I’m right, we’re in far more trouble than we know. Don’t worry about that yet, we still don’t have enough to go on to have any firm idea who’s behind it. Excuse me, I have to go make sure we don't end up like Oberon.” 
Zinada watched him leave with a feeling of foreboding in the pit of her stomach. Clearly, the stuff she’d recovered from the van was related to all of this, but she didn't know if handing it over would put a stop to the rampant looting going on in the region, or if it was just one piece of a larger puzzle.
Virn returned from his shower, dripping wet but clear of the mud that had caked onto his chassis last night. Zinada could clearly make out the corrosion that was eating away at his frame, and the faded paint that revealed his advanced age. She also noted that she was thinking of Virn as a 'him' not an 'it', which was a first for her regarding a machine.
“We should give you a service first,” she remarked, walking around him to check on bits and pieces. She noticed a strange, faded symbol on his lower back and leaned in for a closer look. Her eyes went wide when she saw the distinctive circle with three evenly-spaced black arcs on a yellow background.
“You're nuclear powered?” she stammered, backing away and reaching for the ever-present Geiger counter on her belt, as Silas emerged from beneath the van with a squawk.
“Correct,” Virn answered without a trace of alarm. “My capacitors are recharged constantly from a Mark Three Compact Fusion Device, commonly referred to as a 'pocket reactor'.” Zinada switched on her detector, which emitted a few clicks indicating the presence of radiation, but well within safety limits.
“How old is that thing?” she wondered, calming down a little. 
“Old enough to leak,” Silas suggested, trotting over for a closer look. 
“Just a little, but yeah,” Zinada confirmed, showing him the readout. 
“The information on where and when I obtained this particular reactor has been corrupted,” Virn announced. “However, this model has a shelf life of five hundred years, and it typically lasts three years in service. This unit is currently at seven percent capacity, so I must have received several changeovers since my last official maintenance eighty-four years ago.”
“Of which you have no recollection,” Zinada finished for him. “Great, an amnesiac robot. At least you don't need to charge off the solar grid. But we promised you a service, and that's what you're going to get. Do you need to shut down for this?”
“That is standard procedure, yes,” Virn confirmed. 
“Then let's get to work.” Virn went still as he went into a maintenance mode, and Silas flapped his wings to jump on top of Virn's torso to crack him open. Moments after doing so, he clicked his beak to get Zinada's attention.
“What is it?” she asked, to which Silas pointed at something inside Virn's casing. Unable to see, she stepped onto Virn's treads and peered over the top, and saw what the corvid was pointing at. Amongst the dazzling array of circuitry within his body, the distinctive signs of corrosion had set in, with large banks of wafer-thin circuit banks rotted to the core.
“His memory. One out of twenty are working,” Silas explained.
“Can you fix them?” Zinada asked, wincing at the extensive damage she witnessed.
“No, need replacements.” On a hunch, Silas opened up Virn's side panel to reveal dirt and corrosion deep within his mechanical systems. Zinada stood there looked at the extent of the damage and came to an important conclusion.
“We're going to need help with this. I'll be right back.” She hurried over to the Kismet Provender and convinced Helmut and Annika to close up shop for a few hours, then brought them to see Virn in the flesh, as it were.
“Oh, nice find,” Helmut chortled as he set his toolbox down. “This one's almost as big as Guss.”
“And he's sentient, too,” Zinada pointed out. “So, here's the problem...” she added, gesturing to the state of Virn's internals. 
“Well, we'd better get to work,” Annika suggested, not fazed by the task before them. With all four of them pitching in, they spent the next hour cleaning out the old robot's interior, scrubbing away corrosion and spot welding his frame to strengthen weakened parts. His wheels were greased and the treads tightened to ensure he was fully mobile, and Silas spent most of his time servicing the formidable laser rifle attached to Virn's third arm. 
“Barely working,” Silas chirped as he started, pointing to how worn out many of the components were. Helmut made a supply run to his store for replacement parts, using old circuits mostly found by Zinada over the last year to restore function to many of Virn's systems, which included a built-in arc welder that would come in handy.
When they were done, Virn came back online and after an extensive diagnostic check, he was ready for action.
“What used to be mounted on this arm?” Helmut asked as he lifted his welding visor. Virn's fourth arm was working again, but with no forearm it was still useless for anything except as a crude club. 
“That information has –” 
“Been corrupted,” Zinada finished with a sigh. “Never mind, we'll try to find you a new claw or something later. You mentioned you have mechanical skills? Can you fabricate some ammunition for those rifles?”
“The workbench you retrieved from the cabin last night has all the tools required for this task,” Virn answered, picking up one rifle to measure it. “It is a simple matter for me to begin producing ammunition, as requested. Twelve-point-three millimetre rounds. These will be extremely effective.”
“Show us how to do it, and we'll help,” Annika offered. With the three of them starting work on a small arsenal, Zinada saw Silas working on something at his own small table.
“Not now,” he answered when Zinada pressed him for information. With a sidelong glance, she left him to his secret plans and stood there, looking at the van. 
“This is too good an asset not to use,” she murmured. Zinada grabbed Helmut's welding gear and fetched some scrap metal from behind his shop, and proceeded to add some metal plating to the van's more exposed areas. 
An hour or so later, the weather finally cleared and Chris entered, seeking the weapons to give his deputies some practice with. Virn and his apprentices had created enough ammunition for two rounds each, and soon the distinctive crack of gunfire outside the workshop could be heard as each of them gained a little experience with the crude firearms.
It was around noon when Echo entered the workshop and stood there, gazing at Zinada until she lifted her visor and set aside her welding gear.
“What is it?” she asked, unable to read his expression as usual.
“They're here,” he said, followed by the sound of vehicles approaching from the distance.

10
 Confrontation

As word spread of the imminent arrival of Archie's gang, people in Kismet rushed to either hide or get to their assigned positions. Members if the sheriff's new rifle squad each took a ballistic vest, and a share of the ammunition Virn and the others had made, then climbed to rooftop vantage points. Metal panels had been bolted together to form protective barriers to use as cover to shoot behind, backed up by archers hidden behind windows and doors along the main street. It was the best they could manage.
“Hide that someplace safe,” Zinada instructed Helmut, who was clutching the containers of Aeon. He nodded nervously, while she rushed through the hotel to the lobby where Chris and the others were getting ready.
Echo stood with his back to the wall next to the hotel's front door, carefully observing the approaching vehicles through the window. Zinada crouched down nearby to watch, her heart rate increasing by the second. From behind, she heard the distinctive booted steps of Sheriff Ortega as he headed for the door, with Sera holding a bow and a quiver of arrows taking up position at one of the windows. As Chris went past Zinada, she reached out and grabbed him by the leg.
“Hey, what do you think you're doing?” she whispered harshly. 
“I won't cower while my town is threatened,” Chris answered with a look of resolute determination in his dark eyes. 
“They'll either shoot you where you stand, or run you down in the street,” she pointed out. 
“Zinada, the only reason this town still exists is because people have been standing up to roving gangs of thugs for three generations. Ain't nobody coming to help us out, so we have to do it ourselves. It's time for this bunch to learn that we’re not for messin' with.” With that, he opened the door and strode onto the street, with one hand hovering near the grip of his laser pistol.
Of the three cars that had arrived in Kismet, only one was familiar – the sleek, grey lines of Archie's saloon. They were joined by a heavy-looking SUV with chunky tires, armour plating and a weapon in a roof-mounted turret operated by a gunner wearing a heavy helmet. A large van brought up the rear, unarmed but likely carrying more of their gang to assault the town. They came to a stop not far from the hotel, where Chris stood in the middle of the road, facing them down. 
“Well, here we are again,” Archie called from the front passenger seat of his luxury car, his leering shark-like face split in a wide grin. 
“I told you fellas, there ain't no van around here,” Chris called out. “You best be movin' on. There’s nothin' here for you but pain.”
“Yeah, slight change of plan, mate,” Archie called back as the doors opened on all of the vehicles, and heavily armoured soldiers emerged, mostly human, but a included couple of hulking Shikava as well. The back door of the van lowered like a ramp, and a huge robot rolling along on two sets of tracked wheels lumbered out. It was twice the size of Virn and its two arms were tipped with massive claws. A large, shoulder-mounted firearm and heavy plating were bolted onto its oversized body.
“The van would have been nice, especially if it had the cargo what was stolen from us,” Archie explained, “but it hasn't showed up so we're taking all your tech instead. The boss is gettin' a bit prickly and I can't abide a prickly boss. It gives me a rash. So, we're gonna let our bot Scrapper here do his thing. Oh, do me a favour and hold still for a minute would you?” 
As soon as he stopped speaking, the car's wheels span in the dirt and it charged towards Chris, with the clear intention of running him down. Zinada held her breath as the sheriff stood his ground, hand on his laser pistol until the last possible moment. Then, he drew and shot in one motion, aiming for the driver's head as Chris leaped to one side. The window shattered and the car swerved, as the driver reacted to the beam that narrowly missed his face, causing the vehicle to veer wildly and slide to a stop.
On cue, Kismet’s defenders started shooting as archers and shooters took aim at windows and tyres, hoping to slow or stop the vehicles, but their impacts had little effect. The turreted gun on the SUV swivelled and started laying down a constant, deafening barrage at the roof positions around town, forcing the locals to stay low behind their cover to avoid being shot.
Zinada had unconsciously drawn her nail gun, but after seeing what Archie's goons had brought to the fight, she holstered it and ran for the workshop. She took a moment to stare at the work she'd done on the van, armouring the front windows while leaving a gap to see through across the front.
“It'll do,” she said, and headed for the driver's seat. Silas watched her dash into the van, then grabbed the turret he'd been working on and flew onto the roof of the van. The sound of something clamping to the metal was heard, then Silas hopped in through the passenger window.
“Drive!” he squawked, reaching over his back to pull out his infopad.
“Okay, how hard can this be?” Zinada said as she looked over the van's controls. She pulled the floor shift backwards, then eased her foot onto the accelerator and the van shot backwards out of the workshop, crashing through the partially-opened door. She turned the wheel to point the van past other buildings, threw the lever forwards and planted her foot. 
The Conveyor's bald tyres spun in the loose dirt until Zinada eased off the power, then it shot forward across the uneven ground, bouncing them around on its worn-out suspension. They drove around the back of the hotel and the Kismet Provender, and past a few other houses until there was enough of a gap to squeeze through to the main road, scraping the sides along the way.
She hit the brakes and turned hard, a move that otherwise would have sent Silas careening across the cabin but for his iron grip on the seat. Around fifty metres ahead of them, the battle raged with Archie's troops using their armoured van as cover against the unexpected return fire from the locals. 
A line of fire appeared along the side of his car as Virn’s laser cut straight through the metal, prompting the driver to accelerate along the road to escape, with extensive damage to the side of the vehicle and its passengers firing out of the window as they drove past shops and houses.
Their biggest problem was the hulking form of Scrapper dominating the street. The weapon on its shoulder was similar to the rifles Zinada and the others had recovered from Jim Cottle's place, but much larger and more sophisticated. With arrows and bullets from the defenders bouncing off its thick, armoured body, Scrapper took aim at one position above and in a single shot, penetrated the metal and struck the rifleman taking cover behind it.
“Is that thing you stuck on the roof a weapon?” Zinada asked of Silas.
“Yes,” he replied while tapping busily on his infopad. “Get closer.” Zinada gripped the wheel tightly and accelerated along the road, still getting used to how the old van handled. Archie's force was too preoccupied with the fight to see the Conveyor approaching, and she had their first target in sight. Although Scrapper was the most dangerous thing in the fight, the constant firing of the turreted weapon was keeping many of the town's defenders from being able to fire back.
“Do something about that guy in the turret,” she called as the SUV loomed large before them. She carefully angled the van to run alongside the stationary target, and Silas did his thing. A dull hum filled the air followed by a loud thump. The man operating the gun turret was slammed in the back by an invisible force, knocking him out cold. The barrage ceased, buying the defenders time.
Zinada tried to swerve around the side of the armoured van, but the Conveyor slid on the dirt and they slammed into it instead. She stared directly into the helmeted face of the opposing driver, visible through thick, reinforced glass. A shot bounced off the metal plate right in front of her, forcing her to reflexively recoil.
Spouting obscenities, she slammed the lever into reverse and floored it, noticing that as the Conveyor shot backwards, some of the enemy had turned their attention – and their weapons – to her. Shots rang off the armour plating she'd welded into place, and a few bullet holes appeared in the body panels just to her right. Both Zinada and Silas ducked to reduce the risk of being hit, until she noticed that the shots were no longer aimed at the van.
Peering through the window gap, she saw Echo had emerged and was going to work with his sword on the closest thug, slicing through armour and spinning around to drop him with a killing blow. Echo then held onto the man's bloodied body and used him as a shield to absorb incoming fire from the others. In one swift movement, the android sheathed his blade and drew his pistol, using all three shots to drop three of his assailants in sequence. 
Zinada and Silas were suddenly jolted as the van was repeatedly struck by something. Looking out her door window, she was confronted with the looming presence of Scrapper, Archie's huge robot, who was pummelling the side of the van in an attempt to rip the door off. Zinada screamed and recoiled as the door was dented inwards, and Scrapper's huge claws clamped onto it. 
Then Virn came charging out of an alleyway and fired his laser at Scrapper's armoured flank, scorching a line of white-hot metal from top to bottom. Scrapper's large-bore rifle swivelled and aimed at Virn, firing at point-blank range and deafening Zinada for a few seconds. The round hit Virn and rattled him, leaving a sizable dent but failing to penetrate his titanium case.   
Scrapper was twice the size of Virn, and his claws were the size of ripe melons. While still holding the van in place, he clenched one fist and swung at the oncoming robot, but Virn managed to catch it with his own, and the two machines struggled for control, thrashing about and cutting at each other while Virn slammed his clenched fists into Scrapper's side, looking for a weak spot. 
Even with one claw, Scrapper was slamming Virn around like a toy, just through sheer mass. But Virn managed to bring his laser to bear and, while clutching onto Scrapper's arm, he fired, cutting a line through its armour and allowing Virn to almost rip it off. The arm went limp, dangling by Scrapper’s side as Virn’s laser seared the vulnerable joint. 
Scrapper was also tall enough for Silas to bring his weapon to bear, and with one press of his holographic screen, the giant robot's squat head shuddered from the impact of the van’s strange weapon, leaving a large dent. Scrapper raised his other claw to protect vulnerable components, releasing the Conveyor long enough for Zinada to plant her foot and tear down the road in reverse. 
Silas took another shot at the robot as they retreated, with little effect on its heavily armoured body. Just past them, Archie's car emerged from the smoke and dust and bore down on the Conveyor. Silas was able to aim and shoot at it, denting the front right before it became apparent they had no intention of stopping. Zinada hit the accelerator but the tyres spun in the loose dirt, leaving them in the direct path of the car as it struck. 
Zinada and Silas were slammed about as the two vehicles impacted, and she caught sight of Archie's fanged mouth launching towards them through their saloon's shattered windscreen. He sailed through the air and landed on the front of the Conveyor, grasping onto the sides with his huge hands. Unable to breach the armour plating over the front, he clawed his way around the side and lunged at Zinada with his mouth wide. 
She reflexively lurched backwards as Archie took a bite out of the door, ripping away the damaged panel and spitting it onto the ground as he sought entry. Zinada pulled out her nail gun and fired two shots into Archie's shoulder. He roared and almost lost his grip on the side, but held on and reached for her with one free hand. Suddenly, he roared again as the distinctive hum of a laser could be heard from behind him. 
He looked over his shoulder to see Chris standing a few metres away, his pistol levelled at the Shikavan with blood running down his other arm. The sheriff fired again, scorching the armoured vest Archie wore, but failing to pierce it. But something had come over Archie, as his eyes grew larger and darker, and he no longer seemed to be in pain. 
He pushed against the side of the van and lunged at Chris, chomping down on his shoulder with that huge mouth full of razor-sharp teeth. The sheriff's ballistic vest seemed to hold up, but wouldn't be able to stave off that powerful jaw much longer as he punched Archie in the mid-section with no visible effect. 
Suddenly, an arrow lodged into Archie's side, forcing him to step back from his assault. Across the street, Sera pulled back on her bowstring and shot another arrow at him, leaving the big Shikavan with two shafts sticking out of his body. 
Combining their efforts, Zinada took careful aim and shot another nail into Archie's back, wondering what it would take to drop the huge thug. Archie seemed to come to his senses and, looking at how the battle was going, came to a decision.
“We're done lads, time to scarper,” he bellowed, signalling to his driver. The saloon sped forward and Archie dove in through the front window space without stopping. Zinada shot a couple more nails at the car as it went past, and Silas hit it with another shot from his laser for good measure. The SUV also went past, scraping along the side of the Conveyor as it went, and their armoured van – with Scrapper clinging onto the back – drove past in a cloud of dust with rifle shots bouncing off its roof. 
Zinada clutched onto the wheel trying to catch her breath, hands shaking from the adrenaline. As her heart slowed, she opened the door, which creaked and groaned before falling off the van and clattering to the ground. Around thirty metres away she noticed Virn, heavily dented and unmoving after his fight with Scrapper. 
“Oh no,” she whispered. “You'd better go and see if Virn’s still working.”
“Okay,” Silas chirped back. Zinada stepped over the door and moved to check on Chris, as Sera ran from nearby to do the same. Silas flew out of the open door once Zinada was clear and headed to check on Virn. 
“That hurt,” Chris said with clenched teeth, clutching at his bleeding shoulder as Sera crouched next to him.
“Don't move,” Sera advised,” we'll get that cleaned up right away. You're lucky he didn't rip your arm right off.”
“Yeah,” Chris grunted, wincing as Sera carefully started peeling his ruined armour off. 
“We did it,” Zinada said between breaths. “We drove them off.”
“For now,” Echo responded, apparently standing right behind her without her having heard his approach. He wiped blood from his sword and sheathed it over his back, then glanced at Zinada. “That was some of the worst driving I've ever seen.”
“It's my first time,” Zinada protested weakly. “Anyway, next time, you can drive. Scratch that, I'm hoping there won't be a next time.”
“Don't count on it,” Echo warned. “They weren't expecting this sort of fight, but they won't underestimate us a third time.”
“I thought standing up to bullies made them run away,” Zinada remarked, raising an eyebrow at Chris.
“That was before they brought that wrecking machine and a whole bunch of armoured troops,” Chris pointed out. “You know how rare functioning robots are. And now we've gone and given them a bloody nose. Echo's right, they'll eventually return, and they'll bring a more than a couple of armoured vehicles. But I reckon they'll hit other, less defended targets first before that happens.”
“Other towns in the area?” Sera asked with concern evident in her voice.
“Yeah,” Chris said simply. “Whatever they're looking for, they're motivated enough to strip whole towns and risk a major backlash from the entire region. And there's not a damn thing we can do to help them. Hell, we can barely fight off a small force. I’d pay real money to know what’s motivating all this.”
“Actually, I have a few ideas about that,” Zinada hedged, realising that it was time to tell him about the Aeon she'd found. She explained in detail as they carefully helped Chris back onto his feet, and took him and the other wounded back to the Starlight. 
11
 Options

The lounge of the Starlight Hotel had been transformed into makeshift hospital, where anyone with first-aid and medical experience was put to work tending to the injuries of those who survived the battle. Bandages were made from cleaned, relic clothing soaked in a mixture of locally grown anti-bacterial herbs, which was about as sophisticated as medicine was in Kismet. 
Sheriff Ortega was in the centre of the room, laid out on a table where Sera was doing her best to stitch up his extensive shoulder injury. Chris was complaining constantly about how he was fine, and he'll just walk it off, but when his perforated armoured vest had been removed, Zinada had gasped at the teeth marks in his flesh, and the extensive bruising that turned his skin a dark shade of purple. 
Far from being a trained doctor, the look of exasperation on Sera's scarred face told Zinada all she needed to know about his prognosis.
“Quit squirming or I'll stab you,” she warned Chris, trying to focus on sewing him back together without inflicting further damage to her partner. Echo, untouched in the fight, stood nearby watching it all impassively, which didn't go past Sera's notice. 
“I don't suppose you know any surgical techniques and just haven't bothered to mention it?” Sera asked, barely taking her eye off the job.
“My skill set involves taking people apart, not putting them back together again,” Echo responded calmly. 
“I suppose we should be thankful for that much,” Sera muttered. Zinada sat at the bar, looking out at the sea of injured taking up all the room in the hotel’s lounge. On the far side of the room, a number of bodies lay in quiet repose, each covered in a large sheet. 
“How many did we lose?” Zinada asked nobody in particular. 
“Three,” Chris answered through gritted teeth. “Liao Shi, Javier Cruz and Lori Tanner.” Zinada recognised the names, but she hadn’t been close to any of them. She knew Javier was a good friend of Chris’s and he was clearly taking it hard. “If I'd known what Archie was going to bring against us, I might have had second thoughts about trying to fight them.”
“You couldn't have known,” Sera admonished him, though Chris didn't reply. 
“We're still here, so I count that as a win,” Echo pointed out. “Additionally, we've acquired three of these assault rifles and a small amount of ammunition for each. With a little effort, I believe we can produce more of the same type, but by themselves they're not going to be enough.”
“I hear you,” Chris grunted, wincing as Sera finished up. 
“That's the best I can manage,” she sighed, pulling up a chair and sitting down. 
“So, I'm going to live?” Chris grunted.
“I'm afraid so,” she answered, managing a weak smile. “But you can't use that arm for at least two weeks, so no more fighting for you.”
“I might not get a say in that,” Chris responded, slowly sitting up and looking around the room, taking stock of the cost of the fight. 
“Try it and you might lose all function in that arm permanently,” Sera warned. “Look, that sort of injury needs real medicine to fix, to say nothing of all the people here sporting bullet wounds, blunt-force trauma, head injuries or lacerations. If you're planning to go through another fight like that, you’d better consider getting proper medicine, or a real doctor. Alright, I'm going to see where I can be useful,” Sera added, standing and stretching her tired muscles. She went around the room helping out others where she could.
“She's not wrong,” Chris muttered as he watched her work. 
“Count me in on that too,” Zinada added, shaking her container with its one remaining pill. “If I don't get my hands on more of these, you can add me to the casualty list. You see, I have a condition –”
“Sera told me about that, yeah,” Chris responded. “Don't look so surprised – we tell each other everything. Look, I don’t know anything about medicines, drugs or anything like that, but I wish you'd trusted me a little more to tell me about this Aeon stuff earlier.”
“Sorry, but I wanted to figure it out before taking the risk you'd just hand it over,” she explained a little sheepishly. “But now that we're on the same page, we can figure out our next move.”
“Okay, let's look at our options,” the sheriff said. “So, our friends want these Aeon pills you found, and they’re also stripping towns of valuable salvage.”
“That came afterwards,” Zinada pointed out. “I’m wondering if it’s just punishment, trying to force us to hand it over.”
“From what Ulmarin was saying up at Oberon, they were after specific parts from a space ship,” Chris responded. “That doesn’t sound like punishment, but what I can’t figure is how tablets leads to raiding towns for specific high-tech parts.”
“We’re missing a large piece of the bigger picture,” Zinada remarked. 
“You’re right, let’s focus on our current situation. We need to find more weapons if we're going to assist local communities. And not some rusty, half-assed shit either. I'm talking real fire power, something that can take out vehicles. We're lucky only one person got run over in that fight.”
“What about some allies?” Zinada suggested. “Mineros up north is huge. They must have plenty of people who can fight, and the resources to do it.”
“They do,” Chris agreed while looking strangely uncomfortable, “but they’re only interested in using that power to keep their population under control. There’s a few hundred thousand people living there, and there’s never enough to go around. If they find out the local towns are looking weak and vulnerable, they’d probably just join in and take what they want.”
“Seriously?” 
“Trust me, I used to live there. The place is like a fortress, you can't trust anyone, and if you're caught crossing one of the power players in the city, you're never heard from again. But I take your point, because damned if I know where we're gonna find weapons or medicines, the real stuff like what was used before the Fall, the kind that can mend injuries in hours instead of weeks.”
“Old hospitals in the cities are mostly stripped,” Zinada pointed out. “Jim Cottle went on a one-way trip into Solaris looking for medicine, and the few times I went in for a closer look, they were occupied or being fought over by savages.”
“Do you think they'd be open to trade?”
“Only if we went in with strength,” she advised after a moment's thought. “Go in there looking weak, and they'll take you apart. Mind you, the kind of strength I'm talking about is a small army, which we don't seem to have right now.” She stopped talking as a thought occurred to her, and after a few seconds to consider it, she continued. 
“So, to clarify, we need to find a place that has advanced medicine, relic weapons and armour eighty-three years after Solaris was laid to waste. It can't have been looted already, so it has to be hidden away and locked up tight against raids and the elements all this time, and not currently in the hands of any superior force. That would basically be the salvage haul of the century.” 
“Pretty much,” Chris suggested. “You've been around much more than anyone else in town. I don't suppose you happen to know where to find such a place?”
“No, but he does,” Zinada replied, glancing at Echo. The android never registered surprise, but he did take a few seconds to process her meaning.
“Are you referring to the facility where I was undergoing repairs during the Fall?” he asked.
“Yes. Does it match all those points I just mentioned?”
“Possibly, I haven't been there in seventy-six years.”
“Wait, are we talking about a major underground facility?” Chris asked with a spark of hope in his voice. 
“Yes,” Echo confirmed, “operated by the Paragon Defence Force. When I left, the place was sealed up behind me, but anything could have happened in the meantime.”
“It's still worth a look,” Chris suggested. 
“Is there a particular reason you've never returned?” Zinada asked curiously. “I mean, it's only a week's travel from here on foot.”
“I spent most of the last few decades working far to the south,” Echo explained. “Things there aren't quite as civilised as they are around here, so there was always plenty of work. Besides, Solaris was in total chaos when I left, and I didn't want to risk the facility falling into the wrong hands. The main entrance is a bulkhead strong enough to survive a nuclear blast, so it may have held up over time. If not, the equipment inside would likely be in use by the local factions, and we would be heading into a death trap.”
“Go and find out,” Chris instructed, glancing at both Zinada and Echo. “Scout around and determine what happened to that facility, but be careful. Fix up the van and take what you need. This might be our only shot to survive what's coming.”
“You're barely able to fight, half the town is injured, and you're sending away your best defenders?” Echo asked.
“I'm hoping you'll be back in time to save us,” Chris confessed.
“Don't worry,” Zinada assured him with a faint smile, “if we're not back, they'll have to deal with Chris Ortega, Laser Sheriff.”
“I'm a terrible shot with my left hand,” the normally taciturn sheriff chuckled. “Just get on with it, or there might not be a home for you to come back to.”
“No pressure then,” Zinada mumbled. “Okay, if we're going to do this, we have a lot of work to do. The van took a beating in that fight, and we'll need to fix Virn first so he can help.”
“Let's get on it then,” Echo responded. “I have enough charge to work the rest of the day, but don't expect any hot water first thing.”
“Don't even worry about it,” Chris replied. “Oh, take these assault rifles if you want to, I suspect you might need them more than us.”
“I wouldn't even know how to use the thing,” Zinada answered, “and I've no time to learn.”
“Hang on to them,” Echo advised, taking one of Cottle's improvised rifles from where it was leaning against the wall. “I have some ideas for this. Go check on Virn, Zin, I'll bring the van back to the workshop.”
Zinada went outside to where Silas was poking around inside Virn's casing, using a number of small tools to fix whatever was broken.
“How is he?” Zinada asked, surprised at her concern for the ancient robot. 
“My core systems are intact,” came Virn's voice, though he still hadn't moved from where he'd lost the fight against Scrapper. “The primary support strut on my left side was broken during the fight, severing the power conduit to my motor systems.”
Silas hopped down from his perch on top, using Virn's arms like tree branches to make his way to the damaged component in question. Zinada leaned forward to see better, as Silas pecked at a rusty metal bracket, which flaked and broke away with each impact.
“Okay, that's a lot of rust,” Zinada remarked. “I assume we can just replace that, reconnect the severed wire, and you're good to go?”
“Correct,” Virn answered as Echo walked past on his way to the van. 
“Oh, hey wait a moment,” Zinada called, rushing forward to catch up. “How about you repair Virn, and I'll take the van back to the workshop?”
“Because I've seen you drive,” Echo responded without pausing, forcing Zinada to walk backwards to stay in front of him.
“Okay, but how am I supposed to get better at it if I don't practice?” she pointed out. “Come on, I was learning in the middle of a fight. I'll go easy on the power, and gently nudge her back into the shop. I can do that much, but I can't fix Virn, okay?” 
“Silas can get him working again,” Echo answered without looking at her. “Give him a hand and stay away from anything that looks like a car.” Zinada gave up trying to convince him and stopped in place, opting to flash an obscene gesture at Echo's back once she was sure he couldn't see her. 
Returning to Virn, she assisted Silas in reconnecting the severed power cable, allowing Virn to move again, although he had to move slowly to avoid toppling over and Zinada did her best to keep him upright. By the time he'd made it back into the workshop through the hotel entrance, Echo had parked the van and together, they attached Virn's torso to a ceiling-mounted winch, then welded in a new piece of steel to support his body.
With Virn functioning properly again, Echo explained their mission in simple terms, and as usual, the robot didn't question them. 
“The Conveyor will need additional reinforcement and defensive improvements,” Virn advised in his resonate, mechanical voice as Helmut finished reattaching the driver's door. “I suggest armour plating on the doors and windows, and along the body. The turreted weapon is of a design unfamiliar to me.”
“That's mine,” Silas announced, flying up onto the roof of the van. “Sonic.”
“How did you make something like that out of old junk and toaster ovens?” Zinada asked incredulously. 
“Science,” Silas answered simply. 
“Smart arse,” Zinada answered, but with a light-hearted grin. “The range seems a bit short, can you do anything about that? It'd be good to be able to hit something that we haven't already run into.”
“I can fix that,” Silas assured her, and set about opening his strange weapon to do just that. 
“Virn, are you able to do something with this?” Echo asked, holding up Cottle's bolt-action rifle. 
“Did you have a specific request?” Virn responded, moving closer to examine it. 
“These rifles are custom made so making our own ammunition, one bullet at a time isn't very efficient. I'd rather make better use of the little ammo we can produce. It's a solid enough design, so the old man knew what he was doing.”
“Calibre is eleven point six millimetres,” Virn confirmed. “I can extend the length of each round in future production for additional target penetration and range.”
“Exactly,” Echo responded. “I was wondering if you could also extend the barrel, maybe refine the loading mechanism a little. Would it be too much to ask for a scope?”
“I have something in my shop that would work,” Helmut offered, putting down his tools to hurry out the door. 
“You wish to turn it into a sniper rifle,” Virn surmised. “I can do that.”
“Outstanding,” Echo remarked. 
“After that, I will also improve your sidearm, Zinada,” Virn added, gesturing to her nail gun with one of his oversized claws. 
“This?” she blurted. “It's served me well so far.”
“The rate of fire is inadequate, and its range and power is sub-standard to our requirements.”
“Uh, yeah okay,” Zinada responded, unable to refute his observations. “Go right ahead, I'll be spending the rest of the day welding armour onto the van anyway.” She relinquished her weapon to him, then picked up the welding mask and turned her attention to fixing the van. 
Over the next few hours, the workshop was alive with a flurry of activity. Echo cut up sheets of old metal with an angle grinder, and held them in position for Zinada to weld onto the van's body, with her primary focus on the windows and any other gaps. It was hard, dirty work that went on for hours after the sun had set. Between her duties tending to the wounded, Sera made sure Zinada and Silas didn’t forget to eat and drink during their hours of concentrated work. 
Silas wasn't just working on his turreted cannon, but flitted around inside the van as well on some mysterious task. Helmut and Annika continued making more ammunition, but retired later in the evening around the time when Echo finally had to shut down for the night, Zinada was battling exhaustion, something that didn't go unnoticed by the others. 
“Zinada, go sleep,” Silas advised from his perch on top of the roof. 
“I will continue your work,” Virn added as he rolled over to the side of the van where she had been working. “You need to rest.”
“I suppose I could take a nap for a few hours,” she conceded sleepily, setting down the arc welder and stretching. “I'll be curled up in the lounge if you need me.” She shuffled out of the workshop and made her way to the lounge, where nearly two dozen people were lying around, bandaged up but not yet able to move. 
Unwilling to leave the hotel in case she was needed, Zinada took off her jacket and rolled it up to use as a pillow, then found an unused corner of the room to lie down in. After a long, physically demanding day, she was asleep within minutes.
Zinada woke when someone dropped a pan in the kitchen, startling her out of an exhausted sleep. A dull murmur of people talking quietly filled the hotel lounge, and she wondered how she'd managed to sleep through the noise. Stiff and sore, she looked around with bleary eyes and saw it was early morning, with a few locals carrying baskets and boxes through to the workshop out back.
Curious, Zinada gingerly stood up and followed them, to discover the packages they were carrying were for the van. One woman had stitched old clothes together to make a hammock for Zinada or Silas to sleep in on the road. Another provided a small power cell charger so they could use the van's energy to recharge their devices, and Mister McVeigh the farmer brought in a headlight from his old robot that closely matched the single light the van had – the other having gone missing before they took ownership of the vehicle.
“I won't be farming at night for a while,” he explained to Zinada on his way out, “so old Guss won't need that. Try to bring it back if you can, but if not, no matter.”
“Of course, thanks mate,” she responded as he headed out the door. All in all, ten people had brought in something to help them on the coming journey, a fact that took Zinada by surprise, especially when Naomi, the grey-haired woman who'd recently looked upon her with suspicion, gave her a woven bag filled with bread, cheese and fruit.
“You'll need to eat properly out on the road, Zin,” she insisted, pushing the bag on her. 
“I, yes, thank you,” Zinada blurted, bewildered by the sudden charity from people who had always looked on her as a troublemaker. “Can I ask, why?” 
“Because our fate is tied to yours, now,” Naomi explained. “Without medicine and weapons, Kismet might not see out the week. Chris also mentioned that our neighbours in nearby towns are being hit too, so it's not your fault this has fallen on us. I'm sorry I got upset with you.”
“Thanks, and don't worry about it,” Zinada said, slightly taken aback.
“Also,” Vilney added from nearby, “we saw you driving this thing into the middle of that fight to take out their gunner. Things might have gone differently if you hadn't, and we're not ungrateful. Good luck on your trip, I hope you make it back.”
Speechless from the unexpected gratitude, Zinada could only smile as they filed out of the workshop, revealing the finished Conveyor behind them in the shadows at the back, lit only by a flashlight attached to Virn's body. Virn had worked through the night, transforming the old van from a simple vehicle into something that could survive in the wilds. 
Armour plating was welded all along the body, finishing the job she had started, with dents hammered out and reinforced steel bars welded along the front to protect against impacts, both unexpected and intentional. Horizontal gaps in the windows allowed those inside to see out, while exposing them to minimal risk. The rear of the van now had a motorised ramp, to allow Virn to roll in and out much more easily than before.
Stepping inside, Zinada saw the seats had been improved with donated cushions tied to them which would make the rough roads a little easier on their bodies, and the back of the van had been converted into a rolling workshop, with tools and devices that could come in handy should they need them. Silas had nestled into the hammock, and was sound asleep after putting in a long night.
“You've done an amazing job,” Zinada said to Virn, who was parked next to the van on the other side. 
“Thank you,” he replied. “The vehicle is now ready to undertake the mission. It has been fully charged overnight, which unfortunately has resulted in draining the hotel's power cells.”
“They've given us everything they can to help,” Zinada mused wistfully, looking at the results of their group efforts. Virn then held out her nail gun, which now looked substantially different.
“Woah,” she murmured picking it up and hefting it to feel the weight. 
“I estimate the effective kill range of the weapon has been increased to twenty metres,” Virn explained, “and it will be more effective against armoured targets. Helmut has provided you with all of the spare nails he had in stock, which will come in handy as you will find the rate of fire to be substantially improved. Be advised, the recoil of the weapon has increased, so you may want to practice with it before using it in a real fight.”
“Thank you, I'll do that,” she replied, holstering the weapon and reaching into a pocket to produce her pill container. Zinada swallowed the final remaining tablet then stared into the bottom, pondering her own mortality.
“Well, if I'm going to die a slow death, the least I can do is help others survive,” she murmured. 
“How long do you have?” Echo asked, appearing next to the van without warning. 
“I don't know,” Zinada answered truthfully, no longer surprised by his stealthy appearances. “Maybe a couple of weeks? It's been a long time since I ran out of medicine.”
“Then grab what you need and let's get going.”
“Are you all charged up?” Zinada asked as she climbed out of the van. 
“Ninety seven percent,” he responded. He wore his body armour and carried his sword. Cottle's modified rifle was slung over his back, the weapon having doubled in length.
“I think we're as ready as we're ever going to be,” Zinada announced. “Let me get ready and we'll head out as soon as possible.” She hurried off to grab a quick shower to freshen up, then threw a few clothes and into a sack and grabbed her equipment. When she emerged from her shack, the Conveyor was parked at the front of the hotel, and a growing crowd of locals was gathering around it. Dozens of them were there to see the party off, calling out words of encouragement.
Zinada climbed into the passenger seat and looked over to the hotel to see Chris, with Sera helping him stand at the entrance. The sheriff gave them a stoic nod of farewell, and with that they drove off down the road, away from town and towards who knew what. 

12
Road Trip

The good weather held as they travelled further from Kismet, though Zinada could see little of it through the horizontal slits that served as their windows to the world – a thin slice of nature surrounded by rusty steel. Echo apparently had no trouble seeing as he guided the Conveyor along the narrow dirt road, and even managed to avoid any serious potholes along the way. 
The van itself was running smoothly for the first time, with a lot more power available thanks to fully functioning power cells and, with the additional cushions on the old seats, it was actually comfortable to ride in.
Zinada sat back and dozed a little, having been short on sleep of late, but those times when she was awake, her mind went over some of the more puzzling elements in her life. From simply scavenging at the edges of ruined civilisation, to fighting a growing war with an enemy she didn't understand over what, a pile of ancient parts and some strange medicine? 
“What am I missing,” Zinada muttered to herself, forgetting the excellent hearing of her travelling companion.
“Forgetting something?” Echo asked as the van rumbled along.
“Just thinking about stuff,” she explained. 
“You should try doing less of that.”
“Tell me,” Zinada responded, having not heard what he said, “how is it that you’re nearly a hundred years old, and you’ve never heard of Aeon?”
“Do you think I have a photographic memory of my entire life?” he asked.
“Don’t you?”
“Let me put it this way. Virn is from the preceding generation of artificial intelligence,” Echo explained. “His memory is a bunch of computer chips on memory circuits, but with most of them shot, he can’t remember anything from six months ago, let alone a century. My brain is more like yours, a semi-organic device capable of storing vast amounts of information, sort of like a sponge.
“But it has its limits, and like a human brain, it purposefully cuts out information it doesn’t need, in order to make space for new memories. After ninety-seven years, I’ve forgotten more than you’ve ever known. I figure Aeon just wasn’t important enough to know about. It’s a drug for organics like you, not machines like me.”
“I’ve come across all sorts of different medicines out in the ruins,” Zinada responded thoughtfully, “but nothing like this. Perhaps your old base will have some information on it. What happened with you back then, anyway? If you were safe and sound in that place, why leave?”
“Just after I came back online, seven years after the Fall, I was in the Solaris installation with a few survivors,” Echo explained as they drove around a tree that had fallen across the road. “Scientists, engineers, a few common soldiers. They'd been holed up in there for years, hoping that help would arrive at some point. It never did.
“The place was under siege the whole time by the dregs of society, those vicious and resourceful enough to have survived the chaos on the surface. Escaped criminals, thugs, deserters, you name it. They wanted in, but couldn't get through the blast door. It's about a metre thick, and made of reinforced concrete, composite steel and titanium. It'd take a plasma lance days to burn through it, and they didn't have anything remotely that powerful.
“One of them gets the bright idea to blow the door with a fusion reactor from a grav truck. That's a pretty serious piece of hardware, designed to provide enough power to carry heavy loads, very fast. You wouldn't believe the safety regulations designers have to comply with to allow a nuclear-powered truck to float down a city street. I'm talking rugged, like a lot of industrial machinery. Those reactors are made to not explode, and it takes a special kind of stupid to rig one to blow.
“Anyway, they found one of these trucks that still sort of worked, and dragged it around trying to get it into position. They had it tied to a bunch of random vehicles they'd patched back together, and they were neither gentle nor educated in doing what they were trying to do. 
“I think I can see where this is going,” Zinada remarked dryly.
“They got within a kilometre of the base before the truck broke free of its tow lines and crashed down an incline, made from the wreckage of a large skyscraper that had fallen years ago. The reactor breached and the whole thing went up. The base cameras didn't record much of what happened at that point, just white light and so much noise the microphones were destroyed. 
“When the light faded and we could see again, a crater ten metres across had formed out of molten steel and earth. The blast door had survived, and there was no sign of any survivors out there.”
“Okay, that's a big explosion,” Zinada breathed.
“Supplies of food were running low, and the explosion had damaged the water lines into the base.” Echo went on. “So, we took that as an opportunity to get out of there while we could. The place was irradiated after the explosion, but it was worth the risk. I haven’t been back since.” It was then that he noticed her staring at him. “What is it?” he asked with a degree of suspicion. 
“I just realised you've spoken more in the last few minutes than the entire time I've known you,” she remarked with a faint grin. 
“I guess so,” he answered, seeming to regret saying so much. 
“What have you been doing with your life since?” Zinada asked, eager to keep the conversation going. 
“Travelling, doing bounty work, looking for parts,” Echo replied, though Zinada suspected he wasn't being completely open about his life.
“So, basically what you're doing right now,” Zinada suggested.
“Yes.”
“And that's all you've ever done?”
“Pretty much,” Echo confirmed.
“You must have seen a lot of bad things over the years,” Zinada wondered. “Does any of it bother you at all? Or are you little more than Virn in a human-shaped body?”
“If you're asking whether or not I feel,” Echo sighed reluctantly, “the answer is no. I just simulate emotions when needed. And yes, I've seen things over the last eighty-three years that would turn your hair white. Humanity doesn't exactly cover itself in glory, and the other species aren't much better. 
“Shikavan are as bad as you'd expect, they've revelled in the chaos. Xarani tend to rise to positions of leadership, for better or worse.”
“I've met a few, that doesn't surprise me,” Zinada agreed, recalling the charismatic people vividly. “What about other androids?”
“We keep doing what we were designed for,” Echo explained simply. “If you can find any, at least. I've encountered sixty-seven in all this time, but lately we're getting scarce. Aside from Gabriel back at Kismet, I haven't seen another android in around seven years. I tend to get most of my spares from Corvids. They've a sharp eye for salvage and are real survivors. I have a lot of respect for that, but dependable they ain't. Present company excepted of course.”
Gwop, Silas said as his head poked over the top of the van's centre seat. 
“Oh hello,” Zinada greeted him, “long night?” Silas clicked his beak twice in response. 
“Well, sleep as much as you can,” Echo advised, “it's quiet now, but things are going to get interesting when we reach the city.”
“That's an understatement,” Zinada muttered, thinking of her previous visits to the outskirts of Solaris. Her thoughts drifted back over the recent fight and she recalled just how scared she was in the middle of it all. 
“I don't want to fight a war,” she murmured, staring out at the passing terrain. “There's so few people around nowadays. Getting into a big fight is going to cost more lives. We should be having babies, not blowing each other up.”
“I don't see you with a kid,” Echo remarked.
“Well, it's not as easy as you think,” she answered dryly. “You haven't seen a lot of children around town, have you?”
“No.”
“It's a rough life,” Zinada went on, “and without doctors or reliable medicine, birth can be dangerous. More than a few people in town have tried and failed, and some lost their lives in the process.” 
“I can't speak with any authority on that subject,” Echo said after a long pause, “but what I can tell you is this – a low birth rate is better than no birth rate. At this point, maintaining the species is the most important thing you can do. Now, if you're prepared to walk away from Kismet and let those goons take what they want, I won't hold it against you. I'm all about surviving to fight another day, and I think you might be too. But you seem to have some close friends in town who won't run, so you need to decide if you're going to stand your ground with them or not.”
“Will you?” Zinada asked pointedly. “You're basically a mercenary, and I'm surprised you're still hanging around. It's not like we've got enough money to keep paying you.”
“I am more than happy to be paid in spare parts,” Echo answered, “and Sera has a lot of them. I'm providing a fair service for premium pay, and as an added side bonus, if I take damage, those spares are on hand. My motives are clear. Are yours?” A long silence settled between them, broken only when music started playing inside the cabin. Startled at first, Zinada turned to see Silas looking expectantly at her.
“You installed speakers?” she blurted, receiving two clicks in response. Moody, pulsing rhythms filled the van, loud enough to be heard but not overwhelming by any measure. Zinada settled back to think deep thoughts to the music as the Conveyor rambled along the road.
The forest thinned out as they travelled, giving way to open fields with crops of wheat and corn. Farmers stopped their work to watch the van go past, quite possibly wondering where the strange music was coming from. The wrecks of buses, coaches and trucks were strewn about, some little more than a pile of rust, while the better preserved models had been turned into makeshift housing. 
Unlike Kismet, there was no sign of working technology – no street lights, bulbs or wires, and the few people Zinada saw walking around were dressed in little more than rags. A large billboard overgrown with plant life stood not far from the road, with 'Ginsborough' written prominently across the top, the rest of its message faded and lost to time.
“Ginsborough,” Zinada remarked dourly, sitting up in her seat and snapping out of her reverie. “I wish we could go around it but we need to cross the bridge here. Do you think we could go around the town itself?”
“Driving through those fields with bald tires and low-slung suspension is a bad idea,” Echo responded. 
“If we're driving right through town, we need to be careful,” Zinada warned. “The locals are distrustful of technology.”
“I'm familiar with their work,” Echo responded, carefully scanning the road ahead and slowing down a little. “Went through here a few years back, and once they figured I was an android, they chased me out of town with pitchforks.”
“I'm not exactly popular around here either,” Zinada agreed. “Even carrying around old tech is enough to get them all fired up. I think Casimir traded with these people so they might recognise the van, but let's not stop to smell the roses.”
“I'm guessing they're not going to like our ride,” Echo suggested as they rolled through what was the main street of the village. The van's electric motor didn't make a lot of noise, but the dirt road was rough and jostled the old vehicle around. Squeaks and groans accompanied their arrival, and the sound did not go unnoticed.
People emerged from their houses – such as they were – and started yelling at the van, hurling abuse and telling them to get out of their town. Silas squawked in alarm as rocks started banging into the sides.
“Get your rusty fucking tech out of here, scavvers!” screamed one woman, who actually rushed up to the side and shoved a long wooden spear through the door's window gap. Zinada gasped and recoiled from the attack, while Echo sped up to get this part of the journey over with.
“Low level threat identified,” Virn intoned from the back of the van. “Advise laying down suppressive fire to ensure this vehicle's safety.”
“No,” Zinada called back to him in alarm. “They can't hurt us in here, just leave them be.”
“Order confirmed,” Virn complied as the van cleared the crowd of angry villagers and approached an old bridge made of rusty steel, with a latticework of girders along the sides and over the top. It wasn't huge, with only one lane in each direction, but great holes in the asphalt surface had formed over the years. Typically used by those on foot, safely negotiating the difficult terrain in the van would prove challenging to the most skilled drivers. 
If that wasn't bad enough, large panels of old metal and wood bound together with rope had been strategically placed along the bridge to funnel traffic through a specific route, above which the heaviest of their defences had been built, with eight men and women moving through the upper sections of the bridge bearing an assortment of primitive weapons to hurl down upon the van. 
“They might damage the solar panel,” Silas warned.
“Be ready with the turret,” Echo advised as the Conveyor's wheels went from dirt to asphalt as it started over the bridge. Zinada unconsciously clutched onto her seat as Echo precisely steered around missing bridge sections and bent girders without slowing down. Halfway across, rocks, bricks and other heavy objects started raining down from above, from people running across rough planks of wood placed across rusting steel beams. 
“Shoot the wooden supports they're standing on,” Echo ordered Silas, who immediately angled the sonic turret upwards and fired off a blast. The impact was much larger than the last time it had been fired, and easily broke the planks, stopping the hail of debris as the defender’s main concern became avoiding a long fall into the bridge below.
The Conveyor was closing fast on the other side of the bridge, but one more obstacle remained. At the edge of the overhanging supports, one of the town's defenders released a rope holding a huge barrier made of wood and metal scraps. It plunged from on high and slammed into the bridge, effectively blocking the way out. Echo didn't slow or hesitate, however.
“Shoot it,” he ordered Silas, who again complied with a blast from his sonic cannon. The barrier shuddered and splintered, but held against the impact, yet Echo only increased speed as they approached.
“You might want to hold onto something,” he advised, his attention focused on the road ahead. Zinada cringed and pressed her feet up against the front of the van's cabin in anticipation of the coming crash, and Silas spread his wings and grabbed hold of whatever he could.
The Conveyor crashed through the barrier, shattering it completely and almost sending the van careening over the edge as it bounced around, but Echo expertly steered it back onto the path and within moments, they were off the bridge and on a stretch of road that was still paved with asphalt, leading them away from Ginsborough.
“Let's figure out a different route on the way back,” Zinada suggested as she caught her breath after their hair-raising escape. 
“Yeah,” Echo answered, easing back on the throttle until they were cruising along once more. Unlike the dirt roads they'd travelled recently, the paved road was still in reasonable condition – for its age – and they were able to make good time for the rest of the day. Occasionally they spotted a traveller or two moving along the old highway, usually on foot except for one compact vehicle rattling along in the other direction. 
They began to spot buildings more frequently, squat, ruined places made of concrete that sat like tombs to a long-forgotten civilisation along the highway. Zinada had been here before, searching the places top to bottom for anything of value, but they were long since emptied by looters before her time. 
As the day wore on, taller buildings became visible, reaching up into the sky like claws. Their shattered windows left dark, cavernous interiors exposed to the elements. Even from the highway, they could hear the screeching groans of steel grinding against steel in the wind. 
“Have you been through those?” Echo asked out of curiosity. 
“Only the lower floors,” she answered, watching them go past the window and shuddering at the sound. “I could barely stand the noise up close, and something told me they might not be the safest buildings to scale.”
“Wise choice.”
Onwards they drove, until the sun began to dip close to the horizon. They had been driving up a slight incline in the road for the last half an hour, and now they reached a pinnacle in the terrain that afforded an expansive view of the road ahead. Echo pulled over to the side of the road and came to a stop in a small clearing not far from the highway. He opened the door and got out, with Zinada and Silas following, and took in the view of the city of Solaris, not far ahead of them. 
It was just as massive as she remembered, sprawling across their entire field of view with the faint hint of open sea lying just beyond the grey urban landscape. Jagged towers of broken concrete rose into the air, far taller than the screeching towers they'd passed a while back and far more numerous, with hundreds of such structures clawing at the sky.
“Solaris,” Zinada murmured, staring at the forbidding landscape as Echo took out his sniper rifle and looked through its telescopic sight. 
“Some of the roads through there are still intact,” he said, “but there's a hell of a lot of clutter along the way. It'll be slow going, with plenty of ideal ambush sites along the way.”
“Do you know where to find the facility?” Zinada asked as Silas flew up on top of the van's roof to work on something. 
“The terrain has changed somewhat since my last visit,” Echo replied dryly, “but I know the major landmarks to look for. We'll find it tomorrow. How's the van's power level?”
“Still around 70%,” Zinada answered after leaning through the door to look at the gauge. “I guess Cottle's old power cells are still in good condition.”
“The solar panel is helping too,” Echo added, slinging his rifle over his shoulder. “I'll top up my charge overnight, and if the weather holds, the van will recharge as we go. Get comfortable, we're making camp here.” Echo remarked, catching Silas' attention. “Hook me up to charge. Zinada, you can sleep in the front.” 
She nodded and settled in, lying across the bench seat and nibbling on some of the food they'd been supplied with while trying not to think too much about what they would see when they drove through the streets of the ruined city.  

13
Solaris

Zinada awoke from a nightmare to find she had a tight grip on the Conveyor’s steering wheel. Still confusing her dream with reality, she sat bolt upright, half expecting to find herself back in the fight at Kismet. But the bright light in her dream was just the morning sun coming in through the window slits, and she took a deep breath to calm down as she remembered where they were. 
Turning, she saw Silas awake and gazing at her with unblinking eyes, which she found a little unsettling until he greeted her with his customary gwop.
“Morning,” she croaked, taking a swig of water from her canteen before setting about her morning routine. She ate a breakfast of fruit, bread and cheese while taking in the scenery afforded by their position high on the hill overlooking Solaris. Out of habit, she reached for her pill container and opened it to find it empty, and had a moment of panic before remembering they were on their way to find more supplies, for her and everyone else. 
Echo came back online after charging from the van's battery overnight, and with the Conveyor's power cells below half charge, they set out into the suburbs of the city ruins. Echo kept their speed low, for the roads were twisted and riven with potholes, cracks and entire sections that had collapsed. The density of the old city’s housing increased as they travelled, with buildings showing the ravages of time, and the destruction wrought on the city from ruptured reactors, crashed aircraft and tribal wars fought over the decades.
Wrecks of cars, trucks and aircraft were a regular feature, adding to the obstacles they had to negotiate. An old billboard, hanging from a tall framework featured a faded but still legible image of a sleek looking saloon, but with odd devices in place of wheels. “The Apex of personal transport – the Infinity has arrived!” was written in large letters above the picture, while a man wearing expensive sunglasses peered out the driver's window with an elbow on the door. 
Below the billboard was the rear end of a car wreck of similar shape to the billboard image, emerging from the roof of a house, burned and bent from its impact years ago.
“Well, that's ominous,” Zinada remarked as they drove past.
“Grav cars made excellent flying bombs,” Echo responded. “If I wanted to destroy a society like this, blasting the area with EMP to set off reactors is the way I'd go.”
“So, you do think it was a deliberate attack?” Zinada asked, turning sharply to regard him.
“I can believe a natural phenomenon could have been responsible,” Echo answered, “but why has nobody come to help from other planets? It's been over eight decades, and there's been no sign of visiting ships. Somewhere, something major went very wrong.”
Zinada found this revelation to be quite unnerving, but more disconcerting than this was the increasing presence of corvids. Silas was the first to spot them using his turret, which apparently had a small camera attached to it. 
“We are in their territory,” he warned, as Zinada peered out the window to see more of the dark-feathered birds watching the van move through the streets. Some circled overhead, while others perched on top of ruined buildings, watching silently. 
“You said you worked with these corvids before, right?” Zinada asked Echo.
“That was a long time ago,” he replied. “I don’t have any connections still alive in this group. Do you know any of them?” Echo asked of Silas, cautiously watching their observers as he negotiated the difficult conditions.
“I'm not from here,” Silas answered, his feathers ruffled in a sure sign of nerves. Zinada felt the same way, and grew increasingly agitated as they drove. They reached an intersection that was relatively clear of clutter, but Echo came to a complete stop, further rattling Zinada.
“What is it?” she said, unconsciously whispering for no apparent reason.
“This is a logical place for an ambush,” he answered while scanning the area. The wind blew dry grass and old pieces of plastic rubbish through the empty street, giving no indication of any danger.
“You said the whole city is an ambush site,” Zinada reminded him, right before a corvid landed on a car wreck just outside her door, startling her. More arrived within seconds, perching on all manner of surfaces around the van, and from the thump Zinada heard on the Conveyor's roof, on top of them as well. If these were just ordinary birds, they could drive on without any worry, but these were corvids just like Silas, carrying an assortment of pistols, knives and grenades on bandoleers, and many of them were also clad in armoured vests. 
“What do we do?” Zinada asked of Echo, who seemed to be considering their options. Virn voiced his opinion from the rear of the van.
“We are surrounded by a force superior in number, but I believe we have enough firepower to fight through, if that is your command.”
“They haven't attacked yet,” Silas protested. Zinada was about to respond when another corvid, much larger than the others, landed right in front of the van and stared at them with baleful eyes. Most corvids were over half a metre in height, but this one was more than twice that, standing almost to Zinada's shoulders and clad in armour made from metal scrap. Some of its feathers had turned grey, and scars were visible along its side and face, giving it a fearsome, weathered appearance. 
Silence fell as Zinada considered their next move, the options for which had narrowed considerably. 
“Silas, talk to them,” she hissed, which didn't seem to go down well with him. 
“They're savages,” he chirped. 
“They might appreciate hearing from someone who speaks their own language.”
“And they haven't attacked yet,” Echo added, “which means they want something. Find out what that is, and if we have to fight, then we fight.” Silas reluctantly set aside his infopad and hopped over the back of the bench seat, while Zinada slowly opened her door. The corvids didn't react, nor were their weapons drawn, revealing a great deal of confidence on their part. 
Silas hopped outside and cautiously walked to the front of the van to stand before their oversized leader, who regarded the newcomer with a hint of curiosity. They began squawking at each other, and other corvids around them joined in, until there was a cacophony of noise echoing along the ruined streets.
“Noisy bastards,” Echo remarked with more than a hint of cynicism, while Zinada watched with concerned attention. This went on for a full minute, before the racket finally ceased. Silas hurried back to the van and hopped over Zinada's lap to the centre of the bench seat. 
“We can go through, but if we return this way, we must pay for passage,” Silas announced. “Fifty percent of our haul.”
“So, they know why we're here,” Zinada stated. 
“Only scavengers come through here,” Silas explained. “other gangs stay away. They fear Rokh,” he added, obviously referring to the lead corvid. 
“I've heard worse deals,” Echo remarked. “We can always plot another way out.”
“Other ways out belong to other gangs,” Silas warned. “They will take everything, including our lives.”
“Fifty percent is a big slice of our pie,” Zinada muttered. 
“You haven't had to pay to get in and out of the city?” Echo inquired.
“I'm sneaky about it,” Zinada pointed out. “It's kind of hard to hide an entire van full of salvage.”
“If I may suggest?” Virn interjected. 
“Go ahead,” Echo responded.
“If the facility's blast doors have been sealed for nearly eight decades, and the weaponry inside is still intact, we will have more than enough firepower to fight our way out of the city.”
“I like how you think,” Echo remarked, turning to Silas. “Tell your oversized friend that we agree to his terms.” 
“I'm glad to hear it,” Rokh said from right outside their window, startling Zinada. His voice was deeper than Silas' and there was a hardness to it that she'd heard from so many who lived in the ruins. 
“We don't want any trouble,” she assured him, keeping her voice even and calm. 
“You've come to the wrong city,” Rokh warned. “Entrance is free, escape is not. Leave via another path if you wish, but beware the Risen, for they prowl the ruins and claim much as their own. Do not overestimate your strength.”
“Okay, thanks for the warning,” Zinada responded, as the huge corvid stepped back, allowing her to close the door. The way forward was clear, so Echo slowly moved them forward, aware that hundreds of corvid eyes were watching their every move. 
Echo wove around the debris in the street, moving faster than before, which Zinada didn't have a problem with. She exhaled slowly in relief as the flock of corvids did not pursue them. As they drove on, they could see that beyond the tall, barren structures surrounding them, dark clouds were rapidly forming and the wind picked up, howling through the streets with greater intensity.
Through it all, Echo kept searching for landmarks to navigate by, but more often than not, they came to a dead end in the street, either choked with debris or in such poor condition that the van's low-riding suspension simply wouldn't clear it. Zinada scribbled notes on the back of her map with a pencil, plotting the route in case they had to come back this way in a hurry. 
Virn, peering through the slots in the rear doors, was able to guide them back the way they came, allowing them to try another way forward as conditions continued to worsen. They made steady progress for over an hour before their luck ran out, and no amount of seeking alternate paths could get them past a twisted starship wreck blocking the only way forward. 
“Any other ideas?” Zinada asked Echo as he stared at the wreck for a solid minute.
“One comes to mind,” he answered as he slowly moved the van forward, much to the surprise of Zinada and Silas. 
“You're not planning to go over it, are you?” she asked.
“Hold on to something,” Echo answered as the van started to rock about as it started over the wreckage. Zinada and Silas complied as the android expertly manoeuvred the van over bent panels, rusting metal supports and fallen debris as he sought a way forward. The Conveyor tilted alarmingly at one point as Echo drove it across a large section of the superstructure, and Zinada gripped the seat tighter as the van's bald tires slipped, almost sending them careening down the sheer face into the debris below. 
Echo spun the wheel around and planted his foot, using its power to skate the van sideways along the remaining section before turning it left to put the tires back onto firm ground once again.
“Nice,” Silas remarked as they found themselves back on paved road, leaving the mangled wreck behind them. Zinada felt a similar sentiment, but was distracted by something just off the road ahead, on an old street lamp in a densely built city centre.
“I think that's what Rokh was talking about,” she said, pointing at a bundle of three severed human heads attached to the pole, a clear warning for those seeking to travel in this area.
“This doesn't change anything,” Echo responded. “We always knew we were going through dangerous territory on this journey. Just keep your eyes peeled for trouble.” Zinada did just that, with the others peering through their own gap to watch the surrounding terrain as they drove past.
It wasn't all desolation here – amidst the wreckage and ruin, nature was making a comeback. Grass grew through the cracks in crumbling concrete, and trees sprouted wherever they could find purchase. As they continued on, the place became more green than grey, a sign that eventually, the city would be covered in life, just like the old structures out in the wilds. 
Rain started to fall, coming in at a sharp angle from the force of the wind, and the rumble of distant thunder was accompanied by flashes of lightning. Finally, after hours of driving, Echo recognised something in amongst the tall, empty structures around them.
“That's the Maddox Building up ahead,” he said, nodding at the largest building in the area, a tower that had fared worse than others in the devastation that had befallen the city years ago. Naked girders were visible across most of the upper levels, and little remained of the structure even down to street level. “The facility we're heading for is within three blocks of here.”
With confidence rising, Echo drove with more purpose and direction, as if driving down streets he remembered from decades ago. Zinada began to hope they might make it through this trip without encountering further problems, when they spotted a crater ten metres across, blocking their path forward. 
“This looks like the place you were talking about,” Zinada murmured, noting the effects of the blast on the surrounding terrain. 
“We can go around this way,” Echo suggested, turning the van to drive along the edge of the devastation. 
The van rattled along the rough path made from the shattered remains of buildings, passing under the arches of one building that had remained standing for the most part, before getting back onto the road which descended below ground level.
“This is it,” Echo remarked, slowing down as they reached the huge blast door of pockmarked concrete and steel. It was six metres across and four metres high, enough for a vehicle to enter, with a pile of bones strewn across the ground. Above the door was a faded sign with the words ‘Mitterrand Base’ printed on it. The android turned the van around and backed it up until it was only a couple of metres from the door, then stopped.
“Keep your eyes peeled,” Echo warned as Zinada cautiously opened the door, with bones and debris crunching underfoot as they moved. She pulled up her hood to provide a little protection from the rain and moved in for a closer look. The blast door had held up over the years, in spite of obvious attempts to destroy it. Scorch marks, indentations and debris pitted its surface, yet there was no indication the door had been opened any time in the last seven decades.
Zinada spotted a small panel next to the imposing blast door and wiped away years of dust from its surface. Black plastic gleamed underneath, revealing some sort of secure access interface. 
“I've seen these sorts of locks before,” Zinada called over the noise of the storm. “Impossible to get through unless you have the clearances, or are some sort of master code breaker. And that's only if it works – I don't see any lights on this panel, so if it's dead, we can't open the lock.” Echo stepped up and placed his hand on the panel, which had no effect. 
“Yeah, it's dead,” he remarked. “Didn't think the reactor would last this long anyway. We'll have to bypass it.” He looked to Silas, who immediately went in for a closer look, screwdriver in claw. He was a little too short to reach the panel properly, so Echo hefted a large chunk of concrete and placed it on the ground for the bird to perch on it and work. 
Virn stood watch, keeping a vigil over the surrounding landscape with his laser warmed up, in case they had any unwanted guests. For the next few minutes, the only sounds they heard were from the wind gusting through the broken buildings and thunder rumbling in the distance. Zinada nervously paced back and forth, watching as Silas wired up his infopad to the back of the panel, and tried accessing it that way. 
“The door itself needs power,” he suggested, looking to Virn. 
“I can wire the van's power cells into the door,” the towering robot suggested. “Please stand back.” He took out some heavy cables from the back of the van and connected them to the Conveyor's charging socket, then brought the other ends to the access panel and, under Silas' careful direction, connected them to the correct points. 
Silas once again tried his infopad and this time, there was a sign of life from the door. With a gesture from one clawed hand, Silas commanded the door to open. It shuddered and shook, then slowly slid upwards, the deep rumble felt through the soles of Zinada's shoes. 
“Nice work,” she remarked, drawing her nail gun just in case. 
“Please stand aside while I secure the entrance,” Virn said, rolling forward with his laser at the ready. His heavy treads left a trail of mud on the concrete floor, and the flashlight taped to his frame provided some illumination in the darkness. 
The entry bay was blocked by two heavy vehicles, massive trucks that had been stripped of wheels and parts, preventing them from getting the Conveyor inside, but at least they could pass by on either side of the wrecks. 
“We’ll have to leave the van out here for a while,” Zinada surmised. “Those are some big trucks.”
“We took these apart before we left,” Echo remarked. “Never hurts to have spare parts for a long journey.”
“Does that mean the rest of the place has been stripped as well?” Zinada asked as she followed Virn inside. 
“I can't say for sure. We took a few vehicles full of equipment but I'm moderately certain we didn't take everything. I was offline for most of what happened before our departure.”
“So, they just left you sitting around switched off for all those years?” Zinada responded. 
“They had been awaiting a shipment of spare parts when the Event occurred,” Echo replied as they carefully moved down the corridor, deeper into the facility. “They brought me back online to assist in the breakout, since most of them were getting too old for combat. Seven of them died at the entrance before I could take out the enemy.” 
“Wait, were we walking on their bodies?” Zinada blurted in horror. 
“Probably, among some others,” Echo answered. “Don't feel bad about it, they’re not going to complain. After we got out, we spent the next week making our way through the irradiated wreckage of the city, trying to find a way through the chaos, but in the end, I couldn't keep them alive.”
Zinada was silent as his words hit home. Although she was certain he didn't feel real emotions, Echo must have felt some sort of responsibility for their deaths. 
“If you were human, I'd say your guilt over failing them has led you to keep everyone at a distance,” she remarked with a tinge of sadness.
“Good thing I'm not human,” Echo responded without a trace of guilt or remorse. He noticed Zinada's expression and paused to speak directly to her. “Look, I've lived in this world almost since the start, and I can tell you right now, that attitude isn't going to do you any favours. You've kept your head down for most of your life, and avoided a lot of the shit that goes on out here. You might think you have some idea of how truly awful people can be, but let me assure you, it's far worse than that.
“I've worked with people who I trusted implicitly, then had to kill them when they tried to sell me out. I've lived in communities that thought they could rebuild a civilised existence, only to see corruption and tyranny take root. And yes, I destroyed a few of those tyrants too, but there's always more willing to step up. If you think I keep people at a distance because I don't trust them, you're absolutely right. So, here's a free piece of advice – don't get too attached to people, because you never know who's going to betray you.”
Zinada was lost for words as Echo continued down the corridor, focused on the job at hand. She'd never really considered what his life had been like, and now that she had a glimpse into his existence, began to realise the hell he'd lived through. 
“The way ahead looks clear,” Virn reported from up ahead, breaking her out of her thoughts. “Silas, please close the blast door and catch up with us.” The corvid squawked from his position near the door, which began to rumble as it closed up again, sealing shut with an ominous boom as they headed further into the darkness.

14
Bunker

“Another secure entrance,” Zinada remarked dourly as they stopped outside a heavy door leading from the garage. It had a panel similar to that of the main entrance on the wall next to it, again, without power, but appearing in better shape than the one outside. 
“If we can get the power back on, I can access the base computers and open these remotely,” Echo suggested. 
“How far?” Silas asked as he tried to reach the panel. 
“Second door on the right.”
“Allow me to assist,” Virn offered, rolling up to the door panel and holding one of his arms low enough for Silas to perch on. After a wing-assisted jump, he pried open the panel and did his work, this time using power directly from Virn to operate the door. 
“I hope these codes still work,” Echo remarked as he stepped up and entered an extremely long sequence of numbers and letters into it. Seconds later, the door opened with a groaning sound from decades of disuse, and a smaller hallway beckoning them forward. 
Echo took the lead, with Silas riding Virn in just behind him. It was clean, grey and empty, with a faint musty smell of old air permeating the place. The only sounds were their footsteps, and Virn's squeaking treads. Doors were spaced at regular intervals on either side of the passageway, each one of them electronically locked.
“I've seen a few old places like this,” Zinada said quietly, her words echoing down the empty corridor, “but never sealed up for so long. It's like walking back in time.”
Silas repeated his procedure on the door Echo pointed out, and within a few minutes, they were standing outside a bulkhead with warning labels plastered all over it. Unlike the previous doors, this one also had a manual system for opening and closing. 
“Everything was shut down properly for long term storage when we left,” Echo explained, “so, at least in theory, the reactor should start up without too much trouble.” 
Virn seemed to be familiar with the door mechanisms, as he turned a number of heavy rotating handles in sequence. Once the final one was spun around, the door eased open on squeaking hinges. Shining their lights inside revealed a large, cylindrical object in the middle of a round room, with a number of access terminals on the walls.
“The reactor depleted its fuel some time ago,” Virn rumbled in his deep voice. “I need to extract deuterium and charge the ignition capacitors to restart it. May I have some water?”
Zinada handed over her canteen, which Virn took before rolling over to an access point on the central core. He poured water inside a specialised compartment, then took the cables Silas had been using to tap into his own power supply and connected them to the unit. Tiny dots of light flickered to life, and a whirring sound could be heard from the device itself.
“There is residual charge within the base power system,” Virn explained. “I will route power from the van to augment the local system. It should be enough to fire the laser.”
“Is that thing really going to be safe to use after all this time?” Zinada asked nervously.
“Upon cursory examination, the exterior does appear to be intact,” Virn answered, “but I will run preliminary diagnostics before ignition. Return to the main access corridor while I work from here.”
“Stay in touch, old timer,” Echo ordered as he turned to head back. He, Zinada and Silas left Virn to his task and returned to the main corridor. While waiting at the door, Zinada noticed Silas looking up at the ceiling. Following his gaze, she noticed a hemispherical bump above them. 
“Is that a camera, or something a little more... dangerous?” she asked quietly. 
“Turret,” Echo answered. “Don't worry, I've entered the right code for accessing the base. It won't attack us.”
“But the computer isn't on,” Silas pointed out, just as the emergency lights flickered to life along the ceiling, and the access panel on the door lit up. Sparks came down from the ceiling as the hemisphere opened up, revealing a weapon that popped out and swivelled around to point at them. With blinding speed, Echo tapped in his code and the door wheezed open, revealing a large central chamber with chairs, desks and prominent holographic projectors arrayed around the ceiling. 
They didn't hesitate, diving through the doorway as the turret's laser cut a line in the floor where they'd been standing a heartbeat earlier. Zinada took cover beneath a nearby table, while Silas flew across the room, weaving and diving in case the turret was targeting him on his way to what appeared to be a prominent access point for the base computer. Echo rolled and dived over a desk, using it to shield him as the laser burned a line across it. 
“I'm guessing your code is worthless,” Zinada called, huddled beneath the table. 
“It got us through the door,” Echo shot back, hefting his sniper rifle. “Something's wrong with the computer. Silas, can you get into it?”
Silas squawked harshly as he ducked near the computer access terminal, a sound which Zinada was pretty sure was swearing in corvid. From just outside the chamber, the turret was able to target just about everything in a wide cone from the doorway, and used this position to prevent Silas from accessing the machine, effectively pinning him down with a series of shots that sliced up the desk next to him. 
With expert focus, Echo popped up from behind his cover and aimed, then took a single shot. The report echoed harshly around the chamber, and the ensuing explosion was even louder, but he had successfully eliminated the threat.
Zinada tentatively emerged from hiding, while Silas started tapping away at the holographic controls on the other side of the room. 
“You got this?” she called to him, receiving a couple of clicks from his beak in response. A few seconds later, large holographic screens appeared in a circle around the central hub of the room, detailing information from the base's ancient computer. Some of them were blank, others had distorted pictures and text, but a few seemed to be functioning normally. The sound of automated doors opening throughout the base indicated Silas had full access to the system.
“The system is heavily damaged,” he reported. “It was unable to tell friend from foe.”
“Yeah, I figured that out,” Echo replied blandly, shouldering his weapon as both he and Zinada moved to join Silas at the command terminal. “Just make sure all the other turrets are disabled. Virn, do you read me?” 
“Copy, go ahead,” Virn replied over the comms.
“How's that reactor looking?”
“I have produced enough fuel for two point four hours of operation,” he answered. “Commencing ignition sequence. Please stand by.” A dull hum could be both heard and felt in the concrete floor, a deep, low sound building in strength and frequency. After nearly a minute, the sound ended with an audible thump, and the overhead lights suddenly came on.
“Reactor online,” Virn reported. “The power supply appears to be stable, and the base computers are responding. The life support is barely functioning, however. It will not be safe for you to remain here for more than one hour.”
“That isn’t much time. Alright, let the looting commence,” Zinada announced with an eager grin. 
“Virn, do you have a direct link to the mainframe?” Echo asked.
“Silas is providing me access as we speak,” Virn responded.
“Head to the maintenance bay and grab what you can. We'll pile it up here near the entrance hall before taking it out to the garage. 
“Copy, moving to location,” Virn responded. 
“I'll take the armoury,” Echo said to Zinada, heading for a door on the far wall. 
“I'll look for any other supplies I can get my hands on,” Zinada responded as she pulled some folded plastic bags from her pack. “Which way to general storage?”
“That door,” Silas responded, pointing his beak at a nearby passage, which Zinada quickly walked through and found a room filled with shelves and cabinets. Excited at the prospect of a major find, she was slightly disappointed to find the shelves mostly empty, and the cabinets locked. Fortunately, they were regular key locks that her locksmith's tools were ideal for. 
Zinada spent a few minutes opening the cabinets, one by one, until they were all open and she could see what was on hand. Although the previous occupants had taken the vast majority of stores, there was still plenty here to satisfy her needs.  
She found some more bags and some plastic crates within the storage room, and started to fill those too. There were boxes of preserved food here too, though it might not have fared so well over the years.
“Vita-bars,” she said to herself, reading the label aloud. “Choc-orange flavour.” Feeling peckish, she ripped open the package and gingerly sniffed at the contents. It seemed harmless enough, so she broke off a piece and popped it into her mouth. Unable to detect any flavour remotely resembling chocolate or orange, she chewed for a minute then swallowed.
“Well, they're technically food,” she muttered unimpressed, then scooped the other packs into her crate, and hoped she wouldn't regret eating it later.
Moving onto another room, she found medicine containers in plastic wrap, and eagerly scooped them into her bags. Crossing her fingers to find what she needed, Zinada found a wide variety, from simple aspirin and powerful antibiotics, and more complex drugs she hadn't seen before. They were all well past their expiry dates, but the containers were sealed and some of them might still be viable. 
“Biomax? Drift?” she whispered to herself, finding two packs of the strange pills with exotic names. The labels had mostly faded over time, and she couldn't figure out what they were supposed to do, so she shrugged and tossed them in with the rest. What did catch her attention though was a third container labelled Aeon. 
“More of this stuff,” she muttered, noticing the seal had been broken. She unscrewed the top and saw it still had a few unremarkable pills rattling around inside. The faded label was just as bad as the ones she had back at Kismet, so she gained no further insights into what it was supposed to do. Zinada was more concerned that she hadn't come across any Fibroxazine yet, the only medicine she actually cared about. 
Hauling her load out to the control centre, she saw Echo was making a stack of ominous looking crates near the exit. Placing her discoveries on the floor next to his, she cautiously started poking around while he was off fetching another load. 
“Woah,” she breathed, opening one crate to find an 'M-950 plasma rifle', perfectly preserved. Another crate yielded some hefty looking pistols that fired thumb-sized missiles, and yet another was full of advanced looking armoured vests.
“Score,” Zinada called enthusiastically as Echo returned with another large crate over his shoulder. 
“Don't touch anything,” he predictably warned.
“And here I was, about to show you my missile juggling skills,” she answered with mock disappointment. 
“You're in a good mood,” Echo remarked to Zinada as he lowered the crate carefully onto the floor. “Did you find your medicine?”
“Not yet, but there's plenty more to search,” she replied. “In all my years of scavenging, I've never found such a haul. My parents would be so proud.”
“Stay focused,” Echo cautioned, “you don't have long before life support gives out completely. Virn, can I get an accurate count on the remaining life support?”
“Yes, Echo Nine,” came the reply from just down the corridor as Virn entered, towing a cart loaded with parts. “The atmospheric reprocessing system failed to reinitialise, and the level of carbon dioxide is rising. At the current rate, I estimate thirty-four minutes until it reaches levels dangerous to human and bird life.” 
“Right,” Zinada muttered, then a thought occurred to her. “I found another container of Aeon in storage. It’s been opened, so that might mean someone here was taking it. Silas, can you check the medical logs and see who was being prescribed Aeon?”
“Silas tapped at the controls for a few seconds, and brought up a list onto the overhead screen of people from the medical logs. Only one of them was marked as receiving Aeon on a regular basis.
“Grigori Belinsky,” Zinada said, reading aloud. “One tablet a day, treatment for Alzheimer’s disease. What’s that?”
“A degenerative brain condition in the elderly,” Echo answered. “I remember Grigori. An accomplished engineer who’d helped to build this base. I didn’t realise he had that illness.”
“He was a hundred and four years old, that’s impressive,” Zinada remarked. “He was still on active duty at the time the records end. He was still working?”
“Maybe Aeon is a specific treatment for Alzheimer’s,” Echo suggested. 
“That doesn’t explain why a gang of well-equipped thugs wants it so badly. Unless their leader is a hundred years old.”
“Something to think about later,” Echo said pointedly. Zinada nodded and was about to head back to the storage rooms, when she noticed Silas working feverishly at his console. Glancing up at the displays, she was puzzled to see an assortment of information that only made sense when she noticed the date on some of the data entries. 
“Is that... from eighty-four years ago?” she mumbled incredulously. Silas looked at her for a few seconds, then audio recordings started to play over the system speakers. The sound was scratchy and distorted in places, but still legible. 
It was the sound of people calling, pleading, screaming for help. Echo, Virn and Zinada stopped what they were doing and listened to the cries of a dying world, recorded and stored here in a safe facility decades ago.
“How can we be hearing this if all the electronics in the world were destroyed?” Zinada wondered.
“Not everything was destroyed,” Echo answered soberly. “A few radios here and there in deep basements or bunkers were unaffected, and military gear was shielded against EMP up to a certain intensity.”
“Those poor people,” she whispered, hearing a society falling apart, knowing that nobody was ever going to come to their aid. Images began to appear on the screens, footage from the base cameras that had been preserved here. The destruction outside was substantial, with vehicle and ship crashes happening across the city. In the distance, the distinctive image of the Maddox Building that Echo had pointed out earlier was visible, right before a flash of light blinded the camera. 
When the image came back, the building had been ripped apart from the top floors, with steel beams white hot and melting before their eyes. Then more images flashed past, weeks or months later, with people fighting over supplies in the ruins outside, already resorting to savagery to stay alive in a dying world. 
Zinada wiped away tears as she watched it all happen, then turned away, unable to see any more of it. Then, a few seconds later, an idea appeared in her mind and she rushed over to Silas.
“Is there anything recorded from just before the Fall happened?” she asked intensely. The room went silent as Silas stopped those videos and searched through the database for earlier information. One video started playing, showing more camera footage from the base's security system. It looked out over the city, and even showed views from cameras outside the base. Street views, building views, all of it available to watch. 
It was similar in a way to the footage she had recovered from the basement last week, with flying vehicles and soaring starships overhead. A bustling city, with people walking and driving around, going about their lives. As before, a flash of white light erupted in the sky, cutting out the footage for a time until the backup system came on, revealing the devastation they had seen earlier. 
“You don't have time for this indulgence,” Echo warned. “We're here for a specific job. Let's get it done and get out of here.”
“Wait, you showed images from outside the base,” Zinada blurted to Silas, ignoring Echo as her deep-seated need to learn what happened on that fateful day took over. “What else did this base have access to?”
“You name it,” Silas answered. 
“That's going to be too broad,” Zinada muttered to herself. “Can you have the system analyse the footage, recordings and all that for anything unusual?” 
“Define 'unusual'.”
“Energy transmissions that shouldn't be there, um, people doing anything odd like placing devices on things, ships that launched something from above. That sort of thing.” Silas tapped away at the ghostly holographic controls in front of him, but a number of flashing red warnings appeared on the screen. 
“The computer is damaged,” Silas explained. “It won't work.”
“But the information is all there, right?” Silas clicked his beak twice. 
“Zinada,” Echo said, imploring her to give it up.
“No, this is important,” she responded to him. “The more time that passes, the less chance we have of learning what caused it all. Okay Silas, the computer can't make sense of it, but could any computer do it? What about Virn?” 
“How may I be of assistance?” he replied without prompting.
“Can you go through all the information in the database from just before and after the blast, and see if you can spot anything strange.”
“Yes, Zinada. Accessing. There is a considerable amount of data to process. Please stand by.” As Virn started his work, images, sounds and text flashed across the base screens. Zinada stared up at it all, hoping against hope that there was something here to make sense of it all. She caught glimpses of information she had previously seen, but after thirty seconds, different images appeared on the screen. 
“What is all that?” she asked nobody in particular.
“Air traffic control data,” Echo replied. “The people at this base had high level access across the city.” Ships were represented by simple triangular icons with individual designations made of numbers and letters. One by one, they flashed red and disappeared as the EMP blast swept the area. Some of them exploded high up in the sky, while others plummeted to the ground, causing devastation to those below them. 
“Analysis complete,” Virn announced. “The available data suggests the event originated in orbit of the planet at twelve thousand and thirty-five kilometres. There are no indications of suspicious activity among people on the ground, nor do any of the vehicles in the air show unusual activity prior to the event.”
Zinada tried not to let her disappointment show, but there was no question she had wanted something – anything – to show up in the files. 
“The sensor system that coordinated traffic control over Solaris had survived the initial blast,” Virn continued, “but was heavily damaged.” The distorted display seemed to bear this out, with a great deal of interference and errors cascading over the screen. “However, immediately after the event, this ship is exhibiting unusual behaviour.”
The display focused on one triangular icon, slightly corrupted by the failing system, but clearly acting differently to the others. Zinada stared at it as the icon headed for the ground, but much slower than other ships that had dropped through the atmosphere like lead bricks.
“I don't understand what I'm looking at,” Zinada said to Virn. 
“The vessel's movement is consistent with a controlled descent,” he explained. 
“Are you saying it was still operating at the time?” she asked in disbelief.
“That is my assessment. Ninety-five seconds after it begins its descent, escape pods are ejected. As you can see, the vessel is approaching ground level in a manner too fast for a safe landing, but controlled enough to avoid destruction on impact.”
“Maybe it dropped a bomb in the atmosphere,” Echo suggested, “a bomb against which it was shielded.”
“Perhaps, yeah,” Zinada mused. “Maybe they knew they were being watched and faked their own crash?”
“Your guess is as good as mine.”
“Any idea where it went down, Virn?”
“The system failed while it was at three thousand metres altitude,” Virn reported. “It could be anywhere in a very large radius of that last known location.”
“I don't suppose you can squeeze this information somewhere inside that crammed memory of yours?”
“I will allocate essential space for this information, if you wish,” Virn offered. “Be warned, I may forget all of your names in the process.”
“Thanks, you're a sweetheart,” Zinada responded. “Ok, we can finish up here now. Let's get back to work.”
“Was it worth the time?” Echo asked as Virn rolled off to fetch more parts and Silas flew after him. 
“Definitely,” Zinada assured him as she headed back to the storage room. “If we can track down the crash site, there's a mostly intact ship to salvage, and it might just have more answers.”
She hurried to scour the rest of the stores for anything she'd missed, and finally found some Fibroxozine in the desk drawer of the medical bay. It was just one pack, but it was sealed and probably still viable. Suddenly feeling a little light-headed, Zinada pocketed the container and hurried with the rest of her finds out to the control room.
Silas landed heavily next to her, depositing some small packs of delicate bits and pieces onto the pile, then seemed to be struggling for breath. 
“Okay, you two are done,” Echo remarked as he took note of their condition. “Head out to the Conveyor while Virn and I carry all this.”
“You're the doctor,” Zinada mumbled, feeling heavier and more tired by the moment. Grabbing a few things, she headed down the corridor towards the garage with Virn towing supplies on an overloaded cart, and Silas riding on top of him. Once the blast door was opened, Zinada took in a deep breath of fresh post-storm air, and started offloading the cart along with Virn, while Silas took a bit longer to recover.
“There's just one more load back there,” Echo said as he hefted some large military-style bags into the back of the van. “I'll grab it and then we're out of here.” 
“Not a problem” Zinada said, organising the load in the back of the van for optimal space, all the while thinking about the information they'd discovered. It wasn't much to go on, but the fact a ship had something to do with the cause of the Fall seemed to have survived in some fashion gave her hope. Once they were safely out of Solaris, she planned to grill Virn for possible crash sites and see if they could track it down. 
The sound of Silas squawking interrupted her train of thought, and when she leaned outside to see what had alarmed him, Zinada was astonished to see him flying away as fast as he could. 
“Silas, where are you going?” she called. Her answer came in the form of booted footsteps crunching over bones nearby. Whirling around to face whoever was coming, she drew her nail gun only to have it swatted from her hand by a towering, bare-chested brute of a man carrying a sledge hammer. Behind him were more than ten others, armed with spears, rocks, and one or two simple guns, all pointed at her.  

15
Risen

Zinada moved backwards, one step at a time while keeping her eyes locked on the huge man leering at her. He kept pace with her, looming over her tiny frame and clearly feeling in control of the situation. 
“Where you goin', honey?” he asked in a surprisingly soft voice, his booted feet crunching bones on the ground. Zinada didn't answer as she passed the back of the van, and as the big man followed, he was suddenly grabbed from around the corner of the van's side by one of Virn's huge claws.
“Tracking multiple hostiles,” Virn rumbled as he rose to his full height, easily lifting the surprised thug off the ground. He let out a strangled cry as he dropped his sledge and smacked his arms against Virn's, but couldn't loosen the iron grip around his neck. “Retreat to cover while I secure the area,” Virn added, his laser arm turning independently tracking the others moving into position twenty metres away. Glancing around quickly, Zinada saw they were making a run for the opening into the bunker.
Suddenly, the door to the facility groaned and rapidly closed with a hollow boom, just as they were about to rush through. They howled in frustration and slammed their weapons against the door while Zinada rushed into the back of the van, and Virn tossed his opponent into a nearby concrete wall. Expecting chaos to erupt, Zinada was surprised to hear shouted orders from someone nearby, and in unison, the horde turned their weapons on the van, but did not fire. 
 Peeking outside, Zinada saw at least twenty men, mostly humans but with a few Shikava as well, aiming their crude weapons at her and Virn. Those who were at the blast door turned on Zinada, with rough-looking laser pistols that had been stuck back together with duct tape. 
“Call off your robot and surrender,” one of them growled, a thin man with unkempt hair and dark eyes, and prominent scars along his face and neck. “Don't make us kill you.”  Virn rolled forward to provide protection for Zinada and seemed about to go on the attack, when she looked at the fire power pointed at them and made a decision. 
“Virn, stand down,” she reluctantly ordered, raising her hands in surrender. “Don't do anything, just hold still.”
“Complying,” Virn responded, lowering his weapon as two of their foes came into the van, grabbed Zinada by the shoulder and shoved her outside. 
“A wise choice,” her captor snapped, roughly hauling her before the blast door. She looked up at the slab of reinforced concrete, knowing full well Echo was still inside, and pondered her next move. 
“Open it,” she was instructed, feeling the cold plastic of the pistol on the back of her neck.
“I can't,” Zinada replied with a quiver in her voice. Something cracked her on the back of her head, sending her stumbling into the blast door. She grasped the back of her head in pain, and turned to see the gun pointed right at her, along with plenty of others in the surrounding throng.
“Open it!” the order was shouted in her face. 
“I can't,” she answered plainly, while her mind raced. “The computer locked it from the inside.”
“Bullshit, how did you get inside in the first place?” 
“We had to hack the control panel, over there,” she tried to explain, nodding towards the wall where the van's power cells were still connected. “We fried it in the process. The computer probably saw you lot approaching and triggered a security alert, so we'll never get it open again now.”
Zinada was backhanded on the cheek, and then knocked around repeatedly by her captors, who kept demanding she open the gate until a loud, commanding voice stopped the punishment. 
“Enough,” a strange, harmonic voice said. “She belongs to Silgar now. You know the rules,” he said, strolling towards her and lifting her bruised face by the chin. Zinada stared up at him through one eye, her other closed from swelling. He was a xarani, a tall, thin, humanoid species with large eyes, a sloped forehead and two curved horns protruding from the bottom of his chin. His skin was blue with black horizontal stripes, not unlike a predatory animal. 
Each of his hands had five fingers and a thumb, and he moved in a fluid, sinuous manner that was both compelling and alien at the same time. He wore tactical gear that had seen better days, but was still better than most of the others had. They were an untidy rabble, but clearly united behind this influential alien.
“She's lying, Sarge,” protested the first man who'd beaten her. 
“It doesn't matter Stitch, we have their vehicle,” their leader suggested, looking into the back of the conveyor. 
“Holy shit, look at all this stuff,” another blurted, opening a crate and pulling out the plasma rifle. Instantly, they forgot all about Zinada and Virn, and started going through the equipment, cheering and shouting when they found some shiny new thing. 
“Alright,” barked the xarani sergeant, getting their attention. “Five of you, stay here and see if you can get this door open. The rest of you, head back to base. You, drive this vehicle there, we'll go through the haul once it's secure. I think this young woman may have done our work for us by emptying the place anyway.”
“You got it, boss,” came the reply as they hurried to follow his orders. “Throw her in the back of this thing, along with the robot, too.”
“That thing looks dangerous, sir,” one of them pointed out. 
“If we can't make it work for us, we'll strip it for parts,” the Sarge answered as the cables were removed from the blast door and tossed into the van. “Now get moving.” 
Zinada, nursing her wounds, was grabbed by the shoulder and 'escorted' into the back of the Conveyor. She managed to peer up at one of the security cameras, knowing that Echo was watching all of this take place. She was pushed onto a pile of boxes, leaving just enough room for Virn, who still hadn't moved from his position.
“Order it to get in the back or we'll blow it up on the way out,” sneered the one called Stitch. 
“Virn, get in here with me,” she ordered through a bloodied lip, seeing no point in antagonising them further. Virn rolled up the ramp into his customary position, then the door was closed behind him. Zinada winced as she touched some of her wounds, noting that there was a little blood, but nothing serious. 
The front doors to the van closed and the Conveyor started moving. Zinada could hear other vehicles outside following them, meaning there was no point trying to break out of the van and make a run for it.
“Virn, don't talk, just listen,” Zinada whispered to him. “Do what they tell you to for now. Make them think you're following their orders, so they don't kill you. Don't mention Echo or Silas. If they ask, it was just the two of us looting. I'm going to figure out a way for us to escape, somehow.” Virn remained silent, but she knew he could understand. She patted his hull for reassurance, and resigned herself to her current predicament. 
Zinada slumped against the pile and closed her eyes, feeling the movement of the van across rough terrain jostling her about. They travelled for maybe fifteen minutes at a leisurely pace, until she started hearing people on the streets outside. The dull pulsing rhythm of music could be heard, along with shouting, fighting, even some singing. Shortly afterward, the van made a sharp turn on smooth ground, then descended a short distance before coming to a halt. 
The din of an active workshop filled the air as the van's doors opened, revealing a large underground parking area, with plenty of old cars being worked on. Dozens of men and women worked at repairing damage or modifying their vehicles, using an assortment of makeshift equipment made from the remains of gear found in the ruins. It smelled of unwashed bodies, and ozone from the welding gear.
“Out,” Stitch ordered Zinada, who obediently told Virn to roll out of the van so she could hobble out as ordered. A heavily muscled man in overalls came forward and looked over the van, while his assistants started unloading the contents into a pile next to it. 
“Nice old Conveyor you've found, Stitch,” the big mechanic chuckled as he wiped his greasy hands on a cloth rag. 
“Suspension's shot, but it's got some power,” Stitch reported, accepting a congratulatory slap on the shoulder from the big man. “The real prize is all this loot, and the robot.” The mechanic turned to regard Virn suspiciously at first, then with greater enthusiasm as he moved in closer.
“It's an old industrial bot,” he remarked. “If it still works properly, it could really speed things up around here. You, girl – tell it to accept my orders.”
“Virn, carry out repairs and maintenance as this man requires,” she said to the robot, choosing her words very carefully. The mechanic didn't seem to pick up on the limited orders, instead grinning wildly as he thought of all the work he could have him do.
“Fucking great,” he laughed. “Ok Virn, see this old Spartan sedan over here? I want you to cut away the rusty panels and weld in new...” his voice faded away in the noise of the workshop as he walked away, with Virn obediently following. The xarani sergeant approached Zinada and gestured in the other direction.
“Okay you, follow me,” he instructed Zinada, who did her best to keep up, wincing with each step from her injuries. They reached an elevator which appeared to be working, then stepped inside. Stitch hit the button for the tenth floor and the doors screeched shut. It lurched and started going up, leaving them with an awkward minute of silence in the elevator. 
“I am taking you to our commander, Executive Silgar Almari Ovarial,” he said in his two-toned voice, without taking his eyes from the floor readout above the door. “You will speak to him with respect, or face punishment.” Zinada sighed, but said nothing else. 
Eventually, the elevator came to a halt, and the doors opened to reveal a lavishly decorated living space covering the entire floor, complete with red carpet leading from the elevator to an opulent chamber surrounded by faded red velvet curtains. Soothing music played from a sound system across the entire area, and a few people were speaking quietly to each other near a set of computer consoles to the left, with holographic screens showing camera footage from dozens of sources, both in and around the building.
The sergeant stepped forward, with one hand on Zinada's arm to make sure she came along. As more of the scene came into view, she saw large screens up high, playing footage from ancient films and programs. Nobody seemed to be specifically watching them, so Zinada assumed they were simply there as art, or to add prestige to the leader of this group. 
The faint scent of flowers was in the air, and Zinada caught sight of a xarani woman watching their approach through filmy drapes to her left. It was difficult to make out details, but the alien woman had violet skin and bright pink eyes, and upon being spotted, she slunk away into the shadows. 
Ahead, there were several people speaking quietly with a tall xarani draped in the finest clothes Zinada had ever seen. An elaborate grey suit, probably used for formal occasions before the Fall, covered his tall, thin frame. Just like the sergeant, this xarani had two curved horns from his chin arcing back towards his throat, but his skin was a warm grey with an interesting arrangement of light blue spots along the side of his head. Long, plaited violet hair flowed down his back.
His eyes were bright blue and very alluring, and when he looked directly at Zinada, she was momentarily taken aback by his piercing gaze.
“Executive,” the sergeant announced, saluting his commander as they stood before him.   
“What have we here?” Silgar responded, his two-tone voice harmonizing in an almost hypnotic way. With a gesture, the two other xarani he was conferring with bowed and withdrew from the area.
“This human was captured outside Mitterrand Base. Somehow, she managed to open the blast door and retrieve a hoard of relic equipment from within.” Silgar regarded Zinada for a few seconds, causing her to involuntarily blush. 
“You must be clever and inventive to have breached that barrier,” Silgar remarked, sounding amused. “You are also injured. How did this come to pass, sergeant?” 
“One of our boys got a little ahead of himself,” the sergeant explained ruefully. “She didn't open the blast door on command.”
“I offer you my apologies for the rough treatment,” Silgar responded, “but withholding information was not a smart move on your part, especially given you just stole relic technology from our territory.”
“I don't even know who you are, or where I am,” Zinada mumbled through her bloodied lip.
“Forgive my manners,” Silgar replied with a slight bow. “You are in the domain of the Risen, descendants of those who lived here in the before times. You may call me Silgar, leader of this city.”
“Okay, Silgar,” Zinada said, “if you couldn't get into that bunker, then it wasn't yours.”
“Just because we lack the key, doesn't mean the house isn't on our turf,” Silgar pointed out with a slight smile. His charm was effortless and disarming. “Speaking of such, how did you open that blast door.”
“Just about everything I found in there was in my van,” Zinada responded. “Since you've stolen my van and everything in it, you don't need to go back into the bunker anyway.”
“Answer the question,” the sergeant growled, his harmonic voice sounding slightly discordant with suppressed anger. 
“As I told the others, I cracked the code for the terminal, and it opened,” she answered. 
“Such has been tried before, by many different experts over the years, and none of them opened it,” Silgar remarked. 
“I guess they couldn't have been experts, then,” Zinada replied airily. Silgar laughed, a curious sound coming from his alien vocal cords. 
“Well then, it's a good thing we've access to your expertise,” he finally said, taking a sip from a tall glass of piquant fluid. “I'm sure you will have a chance to repeat the process many times in the future.”
“What?” Zinada blurted. 
“You're part of our team, now,” Silgar explained. “We're always looking for new talent to expand our field of knowledge, and breaking into pre-fall bunkers seems to be your specialty, so once your wounds have had a chance to mend, we'll take you right back there so you can repeat the process.”
“Well, about that,” Zinada mumbled, seeing her fabrications being outwitted. “The base computer didn't last long. There were sparks shooting out all over the place. Once it was down, the place became uninhabitable.”
“Hence, your robot,” Silgar remarked. “We can always just send it back in to scour the place, but what I really want is to use it as another base of operations. It lies right on the edge of territory we contest with a neighbouring group, you see, the Skyraiders. Thugs, all of them. A nuisance, but one that must be dealt with.”
“Corvids?” Zinada asked, receiving a nod from Silgar.
“Yes, I see you've encountered them. Our limited ranged weaponry makes them especially hard to deal with, but thanks to your efforts, we will soon have enough to equip an entire army with brand new weapons.”
“Uh, I don't know if you saw it, but we only found a couple of crates of guns,” Zinada pointed out. 
“Oh, we won't be keeping them,” Silgar responded lightly. “A few plasma rifles and micro missile launchers are nothing compared to the hundreds of assault rifles they will buy in trade.”
“Wait, assault rifles?” Zinada asked with a sinking feeling in her chest. 
“Yes, I have contacts able to manufacture brand new weaponry,” Silgar explained. “Noisy, but very effective.”
“There was a pretty big haul of medicines too, sir,” the sergeant pointed out, much to Silgar's approval.
“Excellent, make an accurate assessment of all the stock so we can trade some of that, too,” he instructed.
“No, wait,” Zinada blurted. “I have medicine in that pile I need to survive. Fibroxazine.”
“I don't recall hearing about that one before,” Silgar replied with a puzzled expression. He glanced at others in the room nearby, who also shrugged or shook their heads. “We'll find out if it's worth anything to our friends, and if not, we'll hang on to it.”
“Please, I need it,” Zinada said, almost begging. Memories of the worst times in her life were tainted by the extreme pain and fatigue of her condition, and she had no desire to experience that again. 
“I have made my decision,” Silgar answered, his voice tightening with anger ever so slightly. “Sergeant, return to the garage and make sure nobody steals those supplies. Kill anyone who does.”
“Yes, Executive,” the sergeant replied before turning and heading for the elevator. 
“As for you, my impertinent friend, we need to tend your injuries if you are to begin your new career as code breaker. Lyrik, come take our new employee to the infirmary and see to her needs.”
From the shadows, the xarani woman Zinada had seen earlier came into the light and bowed her head in deference to her leader. She gently nudged Zinada in the direction of the elevator that the sergeant had just taken. 
“Rest well,” Silgar said to her as she limped along the lavish carpet. “We will speak again soon.”
Zinada held her tongue as she headed away, knowing it wasn't the right time to act. Lyrik, the xarani woman, stood next to her as they awaited the return of the elevator. She lacked the chin horns of the male xarani, but otherwise she was not entirely different to a human woman. Conscious she was being examined, Lyrik glanced at Zinada but remained silent until they stepped into the arriving elevator. 
She pressed the button for the ninth floor and as the elevator lurched into motion, she finally spoke. 
“Welcome to the Risen,” she said in her harmonic voice which Zinada thought was tinged with a little sadness. “You will never leave here again.”

16
Lyrik

“Hold still,” Lyrik ordered as Zinada fidgeted and shifted in her seat. She was tired, sore and just wanted to lie down and close her eyes, but having this violet-skinned alien poking at her was only making her more irritable. As a prisoner, Zinada knew she couldn't protest, so she did her best to comply. The infirmary was made from what appeared to be a large office space, with metal trolleys, tables and surgical instruments arrayed haphazardly around a desk, with a holographic screen on it displaying Zinada's vital signs. 
“You have a working medical scanner,” Zinada remarked, taking in all of the relic tech Lyrik had at her disposal.
“A fortunate discovery made a few years ago,” Lyrik answered. “It's complete overkill for the sort of work I do around here. Mostly I patch up bruises, broken bones and stabbing injuries. The locals like to play rough.”
Aside from a number of overhead lights in the treatment area, the rest of the vast space was dark. Zinada had caught a glimpse of metal plating welded over the empty windows, which in turn were covered by drapes, curtains, and whatever else could hide what seemed like a metal cave.
Lyrik leaned in, checking all of Zinada's injuries with a small flashlight. Up close, her marvellous pink eyes were very similar to a human's. Her face was angular and lacked the chin horns of males, and her glossy red ‘hair’ seemed to be made of thick tendrils instead of thin strands like Zinada's. 
Remarkably, Lyrik's skin colour was shifting ever so slightly, from darker while slightly irritated, to a more tranquil shade as the thumping rhythms of music could be heard through the walls from elsewhere in the building. She wore a rather tight short red dress, the kind most likely to have been found in the ruins of some ancient store.
“I'm starting to wonder who is examining whom,” Lyrik remarked dryly, her lilting harmonic voice sounding like a choir of two. 
“Sorry,” Zinada mumbled, “I haven't seen a xarani up close before.”
“I'm sure this is quite a thrill for you, then,” she answered with a faint flicker of a smile as she stepped back. “You have a minor laceration, lots of soft tissue damage and a fractured bone in your left leg. Stitch must have hit you pretty hard.”
“He sure did,” Zinada muttered, shifting uncomfortably in the chair. 
“I can fix all of that, but first, you need to clean yourself up. Go through that door and take a shower.” Zinada glanced in the direction Lyrik gestured with her six fingered hand, then slowly hobbled over to the bathroom.
Used to her own shower made from a pile of scrap, she was momentarily taken aback by the fully intact and quite beautiful fittings in the large, well-lit bathroom. She waved a hand over one of the sensor pads in the cubicle and warm water started pouring out from the shower head above. 
Zinada peeled off her clothes and gingerly stepped inside, relishing the feel of warm water on her bruised skin. She carefully washed herself with the provided soap and leaned her head against the wall, soaking her long hair as she thought over her predicament.
Zinada's first task was to heal up, as she was in no shape to run if the opportunity presented itself. Silgar needed her in one piece, able to help him break into places he hasn't been able to so far, so that was one thing going in her favour. What happened when he discovered her lack of code breaking skill wasn't a problem unless she failed to escape.
She knew that Echo had closed the blast door on purpose, to keep the Risen from gaining control of the place, but she didn't know if the android knew where they'd taken her. Echo would have no trouble dispatching the group of Risen looters that had stayed behind to try and breach the door. Once past them, there was a slim chance he'd be able to follow their tire tracks in the dirt, but one shower from Paragon's volatile skies and the trail could be lost.
Zinada recalled Silas flying away as fast as he could, a mere thirty seconds before she was ambushed. How had he known in advance? Even Virn didn't pick up their arrival in time. While it was possible the Risen were experts at stealthily moving around the ruins, it struck Zinada as odd that Silas, who had only just emerged from the base, had known of their imminent arrival. The possibility that he had sold them out was unthinkable, but not impossible.
In any case, he was long gone. Both of them were unreliable help at this time, so Zinada had to proceed on the assumption she and Virn were on their own for now.
After a good twenty-minute soak in the shower, she emerged and towelled herself off, only to find her torn old clothing had vanished, replaced by some quality undergarments, a shirt and a stylish skirt. Zinada dressed and found the shirt to be a few sizes too large, so she assumed it was Lyrik's. She left the bathroom feeling clean and a refreshed, and found Lyrik waiting for her at the examination chair. 
“Much better,” she said approvingly, gesturing to the seat. “I took the liberty of washing your clothes, at least what's left of them. They’ll be dried tomorrow morning.”
“Thanks,” Zinada answered, still unsure about her motives. Her kindness was promising, but Silgar was all charm and smiles, yet Zinada was still a prisoner. She sat in the chair and Lyrik went to work, treating her various bruises with a cool spray that tingled on contact. A small device was pressed against the injured leg, and hummed away while Lyrik worked at patching her up. After ten minutes, the tall xarani stepped back and regarded her work with a professional eye. 
“How are you feeling?” she asked, as Zinada slowly got out of the chair. 
“A lot better, actually,” she remarked, noting that her bruises had diminished a great deal already, and the swelling in her fat lip had subsided. “What was that?”
“Second skin,” Lyrik explained, holding up the small sprayer attached to a canister. “It basically regrew the damaged cells. Handy stuff, though difficult to come by. Fortunately, I have managed to keep the infirmary well stocked.”
“So, you have other medicines?” Zinada asked. “What about Fibroxazine?” 
“Well, there's an unusual request,” Lyrik responded with a curious smile. “Suffering from a degenerative muscular condition, are you?”
“Yes,” Zinada answered simply. 
“Oh,” Lyrik said as her smile vanished. “Really? I didn't do a deep tissue scan, but you seem okay.”
“Only because I've been taking Fibroxazine every day for half of my life,” Zinada explained, 
sitting back in the chair. Lyrik picked up a small grey box that fitted in the palm of her hand, and pressed it against Zinada's arm for nearly a minute. The holographic screen floating above the desk started to show all sorts of data, only a small amount of which Zinada could understand. But Lyrik's sober expression revealed she could understand it all just fine.
“Howell’s Dystrophy,” she confirmed in a soft voice. “A rare human disease causing the muscle and central nervous system to rapidly decay, but I guess you already knew that.”
“Firsthand experience,” Zinada answered, not fazed by the confirmation of her condition. “I guess you're immune to that sort of thing.”
“Xarani have a whole host of ailments of our own, don't worry about that,” Lyrik responded with a sad smile. “Few things quite as nasty as this, though. Subjects typically die within a month of symptoms first showing – how have you managed to survive this long?”
“I spend my life looking for Fibroxazine supplies in the ruins, or buying it from traders if I'm lucky,” Zinada explained dryly. “Unfortunately, my supplier was recently killed, so I'm back out here scavenging to stay alive.”
“Most unfortunate,” Lyrik hummed. “Research into Howell’s was in its early stages, with Fibroxazine developed to stave off symptoms while scientists worked to figure out a more permanent solution. I don't think it was ever designed to be used for such a prolonged period.”
“Well, if you know someone who's invented a time machine, let me know and I'll go back and tell them,” Zinada suggested sardonically, though Lyrik still flashed a smile that lit up her angular features.
“You have a strong spirit, I'm sure it serves you well,” she remarked. “I'm sorry to say I don't have any Fibroxazine on hand. It's not exactly common, nor is it in high demand.”
“I found some in that old bunker, and threw it into the back of my van,” Zinada pointed out. “Your friends down below have probably put it on a shelf or something. Please, can you get it for me? Keep the rest, I don't care.” Lyrik laughed, but the harmonic sound was tainted with a bitter tinge. 
“Do I look like I have that sort of authority?” she asked, her pink eyes piercing Zinada's. “This may look like a palace compared to what you're used to, but I'm a prisoner here, just like you.”
“I figured all of the xarani were in positions of authority around here,” Zinada suggested, rubbing her arm where the medical scanner had been placed. 
“Just Silgar and his cousins,” Lyrik replied quietly, focused on putting away her tools. “Sergeant Tevari is a renowned old fighter, popular with the brutes that make up the Risen's army. With his muscle and Silgar's boundless charms, they've made quite a place for themselves here. He plays nice, dressing up as an old-world chief executive, but he leads an army of stone-cold killers. Much like yourself, I'm just another useful tool.”
“He treats you well so long as you do your job huh,” Zinada surmised. 
“I have a knack for medicine, so having me on as a physician was an easy choice for him,” Lyrik agreed. She seemed distressed and reached for a syringe on the desk next to her. “Care for something to take the edge off?” she offered, which Zinada refused. Lyrik shrugged and injected it into her arm, closing her eyes and relaxing as whatever drug it was took effect. 
Zinada got up and limped over to edge of the room, where metal shutters were in place. She figured out how to open one briefly to let a little fresh air in, and looked down on a street party, with flashing lights as men and women of the Risen lurched about in some brutish mockery of dance.
“How long have you been here?” Zinada asked quietly. 
“All my life,” Lyrik answered, tossing aside the empty syringe and swaying about to the rhythm of the music. Zinada figured she was only a few years older than herself, though she was no expert on xarani lifespans. Above the party she looked out over a devastated urban landscape bathed in twilight, with a prominent building only a few streets away. It was the distinctive frame of the Maddox Building Echo had pointed out to her, its twisted frame distinctive among the other ruins. 
“The wreckage of the Maddox Building looks like there was an explosion from the inside,” Zinada remarked, noting the obvious bend of its steel girders. 
“It might have been, I'm not an engineer,” Lyrik answered, still dancing slowly to the music. Then, her eyes popped open as if remembering something important. “Come look at this,” she offered, sitting again at her desk to bring something up on the holographic screen.
Zinada limped over for a closer look as a slightly corrupted video image started playing. It was a scene from before the Fall, preserved for decades on some shielded computer system. It was footage of a gathering of people, with a raised stage at the front of a small crowd. Behind the stage was a complex looking machine, twice the size of the Conveyor with wiring and pipes connecting to systems off the screen. 
The mood seemed festive as a man and a woman ascended some steps to take the stage, waving to the crowd of onlookers. Curiously, he was dressed in the same grey suit Silgar was now wearing, while the woman wore an elaborate and very short black dress. Both were smiling, attractive people in their forties who seemed to be in a celebratory mood. Behind them, above the machine was a word lit up in holographic lights, the Maddox logo. 
“Where did you find this?” Zinada asked, transfixed as always by relic footage from long ago.
“It was on this machine when we found it in the basement of the hospital,” Lyrik answered. “It's incomplete and the audio is terrible, but it took place at the Maddox Building years before it all went up in smoke. That's Dylan Maddox himself.” On the screen, Dylan flashed a smile for those in attendance and started speaking once they'd quietened down.
“Once again, my friends, we're here to mark another important date in the history of this great venture,” he said, his voice amplified so all in the room could hear it. “My father started all this when he brought Maddox Technologies here to Paragon, to create a new home for millions of people to settle.”
The footage was distorted by missing information for a bit, making it hard to hear what he said next, or what he was talking about. Once it cleared up a bit, Zinada was able to follow more of what the digital ghost of Dylan Maddox was saying.
“Seventy-five years of development has gone into this project, started by my father and finally completed by my advanced technologies team.” Dylan gestured behind him at the huge device, which was coming to life with a number of small lights on its shiny frame. “The potential of this grand endeavour is difficult to articulate, but something I will demonstrate in the coming years as the project nears completion. For now, I need to wrap things up here, as my wife has a special evening planned for us.” The lady in the black dressed leaned into frame and said, “He should be so lucky,” much to the amusement of the audience.  
The image distorted again, and when it cleared up, the woman in the black dress was standing in Dylan's place, applauding along with the crowd. She had fair features and gorgeous dark hair, looking every bit the successful executive's partner.
“Dylan likes to think finishing this was all his doing, but he had a little help along the way,” she announced with a wide smile. “Quantum physics isn't exactly his specialty.” This drew some polite laughter from the audience, though the quip was lost on Zinada. Ms. Maddox moved her hand in the air, bringing up a holographic control system which she used to tap a few buttons, and the device behind her stirred to life with a dull rumble. There, the video suddenly ended.
“That's all of it,” Lyrik answered Zinada's unasked question. 
“So, I guess it blew up? she surmised, turning to gaze at the twisted remains of the building a few streets away. “I wonder if this is what caused the Fall?”
“The date information is corrupted on this file, so your guess is as good as mine,” Lyrik responded, as cheers erupted from the party down below. “I wonder what that's about?” she said, bringing up some security camera images of the garage area. 
Zinada could see a small crowd separate from the rest of the party, gathered near where the Conveyor was parked. The workers were cheering and clapping each other on the back, as the big man who had threatened Zinada with a sledge hammer on their first meeting held something small in his thick hands. 
“What's he holding?” Zinada asked. Lyrik touched the controls and zoomed the image in closer. It appeared he was holding a small bottle of pills, and when the view zoomed in even further, the label could be read. 
“Aeon,” Lyrik gasped in surprise. 
“That's the bottle I found in the bunker,” Zinada explained. “What is that stuff?”
“Worth a fortune is what it is,” Lyrik chuckled. “Sorry you lost it to these gangsters, but selling that is going to make Silgar rich.” On the screen, Zinada saw Sergeant Tevari push his way to the centre of the group and take the bottle from the big guy. The situation calmed down a little as the sarge ordered them back to work. 
“Why is it so valuable?” Zinada pressed. “I have three packs of it back home.”
“Three?” Lyrik exclaimed. “I’ve never heard of so much of it in one place. As for why it’s so valuable, I'm not exactly certain, but some of Silgar's contacts will pay top money for it. It was hard to get and expensive even before the Fall, but finding an unopened pack these days is crazy rare. I've never had a chance to analyse some, as each tablet is too valuable to destroy. All I know is it's something that elevates health and mental function in pretty major ways.” Their conversation was interrupted when Silgar's voice came in over the speakers.
“Lyrik my dear, what is the prognosis of our newest employee?” he asked in honeyed words. Lyrik seemed to panic, shutting off the camera feed from below and accidentally knocking several items on the desk clattering to the floor.
“Yes, Silgar, she is in good overall health,” Lyrik stammered, “but has a fractured bone in her leg and severe tissue damage. I've treated both but it will require twenty-four hours for her to heal up properly. In that time, she needs to rest up.”
“Good,” Silgar purred, “and then she will be ready to assist us?”
“That is my firm belief, yes.”
“I will hold you to your word, Doctor,” Silgar assured her. “Please inform me when she is ready.”
“Of course, Executive,” Lyrik said, just as the transmission ended. She took a few seconds to catch her breath and calm herself, then reached for one of her syringes and injected something to relax.
“Are you okay?” Zinada asked quietly.
“Right as rain,” Lyrik whispered back with her eyes closed. Zinada knew things were worse for her than it first appeared.
“Have you ever thought of escape?” Zinada whispered.
“I'll pretend you didn't just say that,” Lyrik responded dreamily. Then she peeked one eye at Zinada's concerned expression and seemed to relent. “Once. Never again though. I know what you're thinking, but you just need to get used to being here. I'll see about getting my hands on your medicine tomorrow. I think we have a few days before they hand it over, and we can't have Silgar's new codebreaker dying on us now, can we?”
“Uh, yeah, about that,” Zinada squirmed, catching Lyrik's full attention. “I'm not actually a codebreaker.”
“What?”
“That was someone else's work, a friend of mine who got away from the ambush,” Zinada explained in little more than a whisper. Lyrik's pink eyes stared at her in disbelief.
“As soon as Silgar realises this,” she said in slow, deliberate words, “he's going to kill you slowly. He might even do it by withholding your medicine and just watching you rot.”
“I figured that, so I need to find a way out of here,” Zinada insisted.
“Don't look at me for help,” Lyrik stammered, turning off her machine and getting out of the chair. “There's a bed over there you can rest in, and I suggest that no matter what the future holds for you, a well-mended body is going to be necessary, so make use of it.”
Zinada knew better than to press her, so she nodded and hobbled in the direction Lyrik pointed to and eased her weary body down. Though she wanted to rest, her mind whirled at options for her escape, but none of them were going to be easy.

17
 Captive

Zinada woke the next morning feeling the impact of her injuries, but a cursory examination showed the bruising was already starting to fade. She gingerly eased weight onto her injured leg and was surprised how much it had healed overnight. In spite of these remarkable improvements, Zinada was sore in all of her joints and muscles, and continued to move around slowly.
A distant storm rumbled as rain fell outside, clattering the shutters as wind howled through gaps in the roughshod window covers. Lyrik wasn't present, so Zinada found her regular clothes and dressed, then ate food that had been left for her. It was some sort of dried mystery meat along with fresh fruit, probably found growing in the surrounding ruins. She hadn't seen any indication there were farmers in the ranks of the Risen.
Not long after she finished eating, Lyrik returned with a friend. He was almost as tall as her, and reasonably handsome compared to others Zinada had seen up close in their ranks. 
“Oh, you're awake,” Lyrik said when she noticed Zinada observing their entrance. “How are you feeling?”
“Better and worse,” Zinada answered, trying to get comfortable in her seat. “At least I can walk properly now.”
“Give it another day, you'll be fine,” Lyrik assured her. “This handsome specimen and I are going to have some fun for a while. You can join us, if you like.”
“Uh, what sort of fun are we talking about here?” Zinada asked, suspicious but needing confirmation.
“Sex,” Lyrik offered helpfully. 
“Right. Pass,” Zinada answered quickly. 
“Suit yourself,” Lyrik responded with a shrug. She took the smirking man by his arm and went into another part of the infirmary for a little privacy, though Zinada suspected they weren't at all self-conscious. 
Once she was certain Lyrik was too busy to notice, Zinada glanced at the computer system in the centre of the room and crept over to it, reaching up to touch the holographic screen. It flashed a warning that her fingerprint wasn't identified, and she would not be allowed access. So much for that idea.
She went over to the windows to listen to the storm rumbling away outside, and to at least partially drown out the sound of them fooling around in the other room. An hour or so went by before Lyrik emerged, stretched, and said farewell to her special friend, who departed looking quite pleased with himself. She sauntered over to where Zinada was sitting and reclined in another chair to look at the light show going on outside. Neither of them said anything for a while, until curiosity got the better of Zinada.
“So, things work the same for your species as it does for ours?”
“More or less,” Lyrik responded with a faint smile. “It certainly makes things interesting.”
“I'll take your word for it,” Zinada mumbled. “Were you born on this planet, or did you arrive here after the Fall?”
“Born here, like everyone else around these days,” Lyrik answered, leaning back in her chair. “My grandparents were traders and were stranded here when their ship was destroyed during the event. There haven’t been any working ships in my lifetime. A pity, I would very much liked to have seen my home world before I die.”
“Do you know what it’s like?” Zinada asked curiously.
“Just rumours. Not as bright, less gravity, longer days and nights. This planet was made to look like your species’ home world, not mine.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard about that from people who’ve seen records, but I guess it doesn’t really matter,” Zinada conceded.
“I don’t like to think about it, since I’m never going to see it,” Lyrik sighed. “I am where I am.”
“I suppose not,” Zinada replied, a little saddened by the fatalism in Lyrik’s voice. She seemed so lost, and very much out of place in this rough part of the world.
“Anyway, have you given any further thought to your current predicament?” Lyrik asked.
“Are you referring to my slow death from lack of medicine, or my quick death from lying to Silgar?” Zinada asked pointedly.
“The second one is more pressing, I fear,” Lyrik conceded ruefully. 
“I'm working on it,” Zinada replied absently, distracted by the sound of vehicles from below as the rain finally started to ease. “What's going on down there?”
“That would be the delegation from Mineros,” Lyrik explained, getting out of her chair to peer through the shutters. “You know of that place, right? Well, they came as soon as they heard of Silgar's haul. By which I mean yours, of course.”
“Don't remind me,” Zinada muttered. Lyrik tried to position herself to see better, but the angle was too sharp from this high in the building, so she headed over to the workstation and brought up the feed from the security cameras. 
Zinada went over to watch as well, and saw Silgar standing in front of some of his enforcers, putting on a show of strength to impress the newcomers. The vehicles from Mineros were in much better condition than those of the Risen, with sleek, black exteriors and armoured glass tinted to prevent anyone seeing inside. They were also very familiar.
There were three of these black vans lined up, with two heavily armed soldiers clad from head to toe in Kevlar armour standing guard. Some pleasantries were exchanged, and then the first van's sliding door opened to reveal the distinctive form of a huge shikavan.
“Oh, this guy,” Zinada drawled, recognising Archie immediately. It appeared she had just discovered where the raiders who attacked Kismet and other towns in the region had come from. “Do you have sound on this feed?
“My access is limited, but I'll see what I can get on the comms,” Lyrik replied as she played with the controls. The sound of harsh voices over the Risen's radio network could be heard, mostly from patrols checking in, but there was nothing specific from the garage. 
“Wait, what's this?” Lyrik mumbled absently, increasing the volume on one voice. 
“... still not back yet, they're like, ten hours overdue now,” said one voice over the comms. 
“They might have run into a patrol,” Sergeant Tevari answered. “Or they might have gotten into the bunker and accidentally locked the blast door behind them. I'll send some more intelligent people over to check it out.”
“Interesting,” Lyrik mused. “That area isn't far from Skyraider territory so they might have run into some trouble. Nothing we need to worry about.”
“Could be,” Zinada replied, suspecting the truth. With the rest of the Risen force withdrawn from the area, Echo only had a few to deal with, something he could easily handle on his own. Hope grew within her as she started to think of a plan.
“I'm sorry, there's no wireless signal from the camera system,” Lyrik said. 
“I think I can figure out what's going on,” Zinada remarked, watching as Silgar showed a case of the supplies Zinada and the others had taken from the bunker. It was especially bitter knowing her Fibroxazine was in amongst it all, to say nothing of the precious medicines for Kismet, and there was nothing she could do about it.
Archie seemed pleased with it all, especially the case of energy weapons, and with a snap of his finger, the other vans were opened up, revealing crates of weapons and ammunition. The Risen cheered at the sight, high-fiving each other at the prospect of attaining all of that firepower.
“Silgar is going to have a busy month,” Lyrik remarked dourly. “With all those guns, they're going to try and take more territory from neighbouring gangs.”
Zinada nodded, realising that her chances of breaking out had diminished with the arrival of the new weapons. Then her attention drifted to the other corner of the screen, where Virn was working on a car, all but forgotten by the rest. If she could speak to him for a moment, Zinada might be able to call for help. She just needed to distract Lyrik for a few minutes, and one way to accomplish this came to mind, though she knew it was a risk for them both.
“Oh, by the way, while you were out this morning there was a call from Silgar on your system,” she said, as if recalling it all of a sudden. “He didn't speak long, but seemed really angry about something.” The effect on Lyrik was instantaneous. She whirled around to stare in fear at Zinada, grasping at the table for one of her syringes.
“What did he say? Be specific!”
“I don't remember exact words, but his tone was... a little scary to be honest,” Zinada explained. “That guy is a real piece of work, isn't he?”
“I'll have to speak with him when he's finished down there,” Lyrik responded, her voice a little shaky from shock. She injected something into her arm, and within a few seconds, seemed more relaxed. 
“Are you okay?” Zinada asked, eyeing the door to the elevator. 
“I'm good, just going to relax for a bit,” she answered dreamily, leaning back in her chair. Zinada gave her a minute to settle down, then, as quietly as her sneakers let her move, crept backwards across the room to the elevator. She felt guilty doing that to Lyrik, but Zinada's life was at stake, and she'd deal with the consequences later. 
Knowing full well time was of the essence, Zinada hit the elevator control for the garage level and tried to ignore the increasing soreness in her muscles as she watched the indicator light tick down from level nine. When the doors opened, she poked her head out to see if anyone was nearby, but all attention was on the deal taking place near the entrance to the garage. 
Keeping to the darker parts of the space, Zinada moved quickly and quietly through stacks of boxes filled with spare parts, and around a few cars in need of repair. She knew there were cameras watching, and did her best to avoid their field of view. She flinched when she heard Archie's laugh, but kept her head low and made her way over to the car Virn was working on. 
“Virn, over here,” she whispered, popping up from the other side enough so he could see her. He kept working, but turned his torso to look directly at her. “Can you communicate without talking?” she asked. He responded by popping open a small hatch on the side of his body, inside of which was a small display. She moved in closer and ducked behind his bulky frame to read it.
“Hell Zinada, I am following your orders to help these people,” it said in glowing green text. 
“Good, keep it up,” she whispered. “You have onboard comms, yes?”
“Correct.”
“Can you send a signal to Echo or Silas on our usual frequency?”
“I can try,” Virn silently replied. “What message do you wish to send?”
“Give them our location, the defence that's set up here and tell them I am on the ninth floor. The van is still here, and if they can create a distraction for us, we can escape.”
“I will pass this on if I make contact,” Virn assured her. She was about to speak further when she noticed the turret on top of the Conveyor was turned in her direction. 
“Are you controlling the van's turret?” she asked Virn.
“No. But I am detecting an encrypted signal coming from the direction of the Mitterrand Base.”
“That could be them,” Zinada said with some excitement. “Can you get onto that frequency and communicate?”
“One moment,” the display read. Zinada crouched down and checked the scene across the garage where Archie was dominating the discussion.
“So, you blokes should get on with unloading this shit,” he grunted, “because me and my mates aren't getting paid to fuck around carrying fucking boxes.”
“Alright, keep your panties on,” the head mechanic responded in a gruff voice. “You lot, get to work emptying those vans and if you do a really good job, I'll let you pack all this shit in there afterwards.”
“What if we do a bad job?” a hefty looking guy asked. 
“Then I'll beat the shit out of you.”
“Why don't you just make the robot do it?” complained one of them, the same big man who Zinada had first encountered back at the bunker, wielding the sledge.
“Because it’s much better at welding than you are, Doug, and I have it fixing our cars,” the mechanic explained. “Go put the exosuit on if you need to, just get the job done.” Grumbling under his breath, Doug started heading in Zinada's direction, forcing her to duck lower and look towards the elevator in case she needed to make a hasty exit. 
Doug stopped at an alcove nearly ten metres away, and stepped into a metal framework that wrapped around his body. Sensors clamped onto his limbs, and he then walked back to the vans wearing this machine, making a loud thumping noise with each step. He reached into the cargo bay and easily lifted one of the huge crates, then started making a pile of goods not far away. Glancing at the van's turret, Zinada could see it was watching the scene as well.
“Zinada, it is too dangerous here for you to remain here,” the display on Virn's body read when she finally took another look at it. “I will continue attempting to contact Echo Nine and Silas.”
“Thank you,” Zinada whispered, giving him an affectionate pat. “I will keep watching you on the security cameras,” she added before turning around and quietly heading back to the elevator. From the sounds across the room, the deal was done and they were getting back to their regular jobs, so Zinada sprinted the final few metres to the elevator to get ahead of anyone else.
When the doors opened to the ninth floor, Zinada was relieved to see Lyrik still semi-conscious at the workstation, apparently none the wiser. On the screen before her, Silgar shook hands with Archie as the last of the goods were loaded into the vans, and then they departed. Mild celebrations continued as the Risen's warriors held their new weapons in juvenile poses of strength. Assault rifles seemed to be the main acquisition, but some larger guns were in the mix as well. All the more reason to get out of here, Zinada thought.
Satisfied she had done as much as she could for now, Zinada went back to her bed and rested for a few hours, concerned that the soreness in her body had not gone away. It had been a long time since she had gone without Fibroxazine, but it was hard to tell if it was those early symptoms beginning to show, or she simply had yet to recover from her injuries.  
Zinada nibbled on some fruit for lunch, unwilling to risk more of the unknown breakfast meat that hadn't gone down so well. A cool and refreshing after-storm breeze came through the shutters, which she sat back and enjoyed for most of the afternoon, until a call came in over Lyrik's computer, waking her from her drug induced slumber.
“Huh, yeah, I'm here,” she mumbled, looking at the screen.
“Lyrik, my dear,” Silgar's voice said, snapping her back to reality faster than Zinada thought possible. 
“Yes, Executive,” Lyrik stammered back. “You wanted to speak with me?”
“I want to show you something, and then I want to hear your explanation for it. Pay attention to the left side of the screen.” On the display, footage from the security system played, showing the garage area from earlier in the day. Zinada's stomach tightened as she realised what this was. Sure enough, in the corner, Zinada could be briefly seen creeping through the car wrecks, viewed from different angles from other cameras that Zinada hadn't seen while down there. Fortunately, it didn't reveal her meeting with Virn.
“I... I don't know how this happened, Executive,” Lyrik responded fearfully. “I want to point out that Zinada is here with me right now, so she clearly changed her mind and came back.”
“I don't blame Zinada,” Silgar's voice purred as the recording continued. “It is in her nature to try and escape. You said her injuries would prevent her from being active for a day or more. You were wrong.” The elevator doors opened and two huge guards entered, wearing black Kevlar armour and taking up position to either side of the elevator, watching the two women with cold disdain. 
“The treatment worked better than I thought, sir,” Lyrik protested, her voice shaking. “There's no harm done here, don't punish us for a minor infraction.” There was a long silence on the other end of the communication, until Silgar finally spoke again.
“Lyrik, please come to my office.” It was a simple phrase, but one that drained the colour from her face, leaving her skin appearing grey instead of violet. The two guards drew batons, but did nothing else. They didn't need to, as Lyrik seemed to know what would happen if she didn't comply. She looked at Zinada with sad eyes as she stood and slowly headed for the elevator, while Zinada remained silent. As the doors closed, the two locked eyes for a moment, and that's when Zinada knew that inside, it was her fault for leaving Lyrik to an unknown fate at the hands of Silgar.
The two guards stayed behind, keeping their eyes on Zinada who stood awkwardly in the centre of the room, wracked with guilt for her decision. She was about to consider speaking to the guards when one of them suddenly slumped against the wall, with blood spurting from a wound in his chest. Shock and surprise registered on his features, while his companion froze in horror, uncertain as to what had just happened.
The back of his head suddenly exploded outwards, spattering blood and gore on the wall behind him as he fell to the ground next to his comrade. Zinada dove to the floor, suspecting that someone outside had shot both men and wondered if she was to be next. The workstation above her began making strange, distorted noises, which gradually coalesced into a distinctive voice.
“Zinada, can you hear me?” Echo Nine asked through Lyrik's sound system. 
“Echo, yes I can,” Zinada stammered, rising to her knees to look up at the display.  There was no visual element, just the sound of his voice. “Where are you?”
“In the building opposite,” Echo responded. “I need you to move to the elevator right now, and go down to the garage.” The live feed from the security camera was playing, showing the Risen members suddenly rushing out the door with their new weapons. Virn appeared on the camera and opened up a small hatch on his torso, taking out something and placing it into the elevator before turning around and rolling out of the camera's view. 
Zinada did as ordered, stepping over the remains of the two guards while keeping her sight focused on the door. The elevator was already on the way up, and within a few seconds, the door opened revealing that Virn had placed her modified nail gun on the floor. She stepped inside and picked it up, feeling reassured by its heft, but as Zinada reached for the garage button, she hesitated to press it as her conscience interceded.
“Is there a problem?” Echo asked, apparently able to see her from his vantage point. 
“Can you see the tenth floor from where you are?” she asked the empty room.
“Yes, but that's not why I'm here,” came the reply. “We have arranged a very limited window of opportunity to get you out of there, and there's no time for sightseeing.”
“This isn't a sightseeing trip, it's a rescue mission,” Zinada explained as she pressed the button for the tenth floor. “I need you to help me fix something.”
“Zinada, the windows on the tenth floor are blocked –” Echo began, but was cut off as the doors closed and the elevator started ascending. Zinada checked the clip on her weapon to find it was full, and gripped it tightly as the elevator came to a halt with a ding. She held it level as the doors opened and stepped into Silgar's office. 

18
Escape

Tempered by the knowledge that Echo couldn't help her, Zinada's footsteps went unheard on the soft carpet as she moved slowly into the lavishly appointed chambers. She was at first suspicious at the lack of guards standing near the elevator, but it quickly became evident what they were doing when she heard Lyrik moaning in pain, somewhere ahead. 
The soft lighting and colourful drapes were in stark contrast to the sounds of suffering, and Zinada's heart was beating furiously as she made her way through the maze of curtains and hallways towards the source. Silgar's voice was audible over the sickening sound of his thugs beating Lyrik.
“I simply cannot abide this level of incompetence,” he complained, sounding truly angry beneath his smooth words. “What if everyone else was to slack off like this? Our organisation would fall apart. I mean, having a competent code breaker fall right into our lap was an astonishing stroke of luck, and you just let her go? How high were you, anyway? I hope it was worth it.”
Overcome with a cold fury, Zinada hurried through the halls towards his voice and entered the room with her nail gun levelled. Sure enough, Lyrik was being held by one oversized brute, and pummelled by another while several of Silgar's advisors conducted a private discussion on the other side of the room. Silgar himself paced back and forth, lecturing her about loyalty until he noticed Zinada's entrance, as did the brute with bloodied fists, who paused to stare at her for a second. 
Zinada pulled the trigger on her gun expecting to shoot him once, right in the chest, but a burst of nails shot out in rapid succession. The recoil rocked Zinada back on her heels, and the shots landed in a line from his chest to the top of his head before she released the trigger. With several long steel nails protruding from his face, he was dead before he hit the ground. 
“Woah,” she whispered, having forgotten that Virn had improved the weapon. She trained it on Silgar, who froze in place after the display of its power. “Let her go,” Zinada said to thug number two, who promptly did so, allowing Lyrik to fall forward onto her hands and knees. A deathly silence fell over the room as everyone watched Zinada very carefully.
“Well, you appear to be more resourceful than I thought,” Silgar mused, holding his hands apart. “It truly is a pity we couldn't work together for our mutual enrichment. I don't suppose –”
“Save me the pitch,” Zinada interrupted. “I'm not a code breaker, and you're a crazy thug deluding yourself into thinking you're important outside of your little empire. Get up Lyrik, we're leaving.” 
“You won't make it out of here alive,” Silgar coldly advised. “I don't think you fully appreciate who you are dealing with. We are the dominant power in Solaris, controlling territory for fifty kilometres in every direction. You cannot run, and you cannot hide from us.”
“Wrong on both counts,” Zinada responded as Lyrik struggled to her feet. She then promptly kneed the second thug in his crotch, causing him to collapse to his knees with a whimper. As she shuffled over to stand near Zinada, the bruises on Lyrik's face and arms were plain to see. Purple blood trickled from her nose and lip, and her forearms and hands were just as bad. Silgar seemed about to speak again, when the sound of an alarm came over the speakers on the wall. 
“Alert, we have a Skyraider incursion southeast of the Bastion,” came the sound of Sergeant Tevari's voice. “I'm sending some of our patrol forces to intercept before they can deal serious damage to our fortifications. Do you have any instructions, Executive?”
“I'm a little busy right now,” Silgar answered sharply. “Deal with it.” He then turned to Zinada with a spark in his eye. “The timing of this is a little convenient, wouldn't you say?”
“I wouldn't know anything about it,” Zinada replied as she and Lyrik backed out of the room. She spotted a console on a nearby table and took aim, sending a burst of nails at it until it exploded in sparks and debris. Unfortunately, the moment her weapon strayed from him, Silgar quickly reached for a high-tech pistol on his belt and aimed it at Zinada, who quickly shifted her target back to him. 
“Run to the elevator,” Zinada said to Lyrik, as they continued backing out of the room.
“I'll personally see to it you don't live to see the end of the day,” Silgar snarled, keeping his weapon trained on them until both women had retreated from the room. As one, they turned and ran, threading through the halls and drapes as fast as they could, with Lyrik struggling to keep up. Only seconds after they broke contact with Silgar, the sound of a small missile firing could be heard, right before one of the walls behind them exploded, showering the room with debris. 
Recoiling instinctively, Zinada grabbed Lyrik's arm and kept moving, dodging to the side as another shot came through the opening in the destroyed wall. It incinerated a wall in front of them, dazzling Zinada's eyes with its brightness for a second, but when her vision cleared, she spotted the elevator at the end of the hallway. 
With Lyrik in tow, she made a dash over the final distance and crashed into the back wall of the elevator. Zinada turned and hammered the basement button, then raised her gun and unleashed a barrage of suppressing fire down the corridor just as Silgar was about to enter her field of view. She kept this up for a few seconds until the doors finally closed, and the elevator lurched and began its descent. 
Zinada's heart was hammering away, and Lyrik appeared to be on the verge of collapse as they both struggled to catch their breath. 
“You came for me,” Lyrik managed to say, wiping blood from her mouth. “Thank you. I officially announce my enthusiastic support for your escape plan.”
“Save your thanks until we're out of here,” Zinada warned, fixated on the display light passing through each level of the building. “I have some help down below, but rescuing you wasn't part of the plan so the timing of it all –” She was cut off as the elevator lurched to a stop at the second floor. It froze for a few seconds, then started going back up again. 
“He's overridden the controls,” Zinada said in exasperation. “Shit shit shit shit.”
“No,” Lyrik moaned, on the verge of panic at the thought of what awaited them above. Thinking quickly, Zinada looked at the control panel in front of her and smashed at the buttons. The elevator kept moving, so she brought her nail gun to bear and plugged a few shots into it. 
Sparks shot out from the controls and the lights went out, leaving them in darkness as the elevator came to a stop. The sound of the cables above creaking ominously did nothing to calm their nerves, so Zinada hurried to pry open the doors. It might have been more difficult to accomplish decades ago, when it was a well-serviced unit, but most of the safety mechanisms had failed long ago, allowing the door to be opened without too much trouble. Light came in from near their feet, revealing they were just above the stopping point for one of the floors. 
“Come on, we can squeeze through here,” Zinada suggested, crouching down to thread her legs through the gap. Once through, Lyrik followed and had an easier time of it, due to her thinner frame. They were on the fourth floor, which appeared to be a storage area with shelves lining the walls with all manner of goods. 
“I think there's a few medical kits here that hadn't been processed yet,” Lyrik said, limping forward while holding one arm with the other. She scanned the shelf contents before her until she saw a number of white, plastic boxes. Zinada was momentarily astonished by the hoard of shiny things before her, and couldn't resist grabbing a few things herself. She took one of several fully equipped tool belts and a ratchet gun, several boxes of nails, and noticed a few wireless communicators on the shelf above that she stuffed into a large backpack.
Lyrik found what she was looking and injected something into her neck, then closed the white box she'd taken it from and picked up the others just like it. 
“The stairs are this way,” she blurted, pointing to a side door not far away. Zinada attached the tool belt then raced after Lyrik, who was suddenly moving a lot faster, taking the stairs two at a time. The sound of the alarm from the top level now blared through the entire building, alerting everyone in and around the base of the situation. Zinada and Lyrik kept moving, descending all the way down to the garage, where they paused to peek through the door to see how the area looked. 
The Conveyor was nearly twenty metres away. Virn was sheltering behind it, as three Risen soldiers wielding rifles kept him pinned down. Their shots rang painfully through the concrete garage, and ricocheted around dangerously.  
“Are we taking your vehicle?” Lyrik asked. 
“Yep,” Zinada answered, then reached into her pocket and pulled out an earpiece. She thumbed through the controls to set the frequency, then popped it into her ear. 
“Echo, can you read me?” she whispered, keeping a close eye on the shooters as more of them came through the garage opening.
“That little side trip was just plain stupid,” Echo answered gruffly. “You should have been out of there by now, but several squads of Risen troops are heading your way.”
“We have the van in sight,” Zinada responded. “Give us cover and we can still make it.” More troops were pouring through the garage opening, making their escape increasingly unlikely.
“I won't go back,” Lyrik whispered. They exchanged a look, and Zinada then knew what she was asking. 
“We're not done yet,” Zinada assured her. “Virn, cover us as we make our way to the van.”
“Hello Zinada,” Virn answered over the comms. “My laser has been removed, so I am unable to return fire at our enemies.”
“What? When did that happen?”
“This morning, as they were loading the visiting vehicles,” Virn explained, as patiently as ever despite being under fire. “Nevertheless, I will secure the area so you may safely board the vehicle. Please stand by.”
“Wait, how are you –” Zinada blurted, as Virn came around the back of the van, holding a rusty car door as a shield. Bullets sparked off the metal – some bouncing off, some going through – as he charged across the garage with his tracked wheels whining in protest and slammed into an unsuspecting soldier, knocking him out cold. 
Risen soldiers rained bullets at Virn as he positioned his crude shield to deflect them as best it could, but the old metal was rapidly crumbling under the barrage. Virn kept moving, closing in on the nearest soldier who happened to be Stitch, who was screaming furiously as he fired at the oncoming robot.
Zinada raised her nail gun and fired off the last of her ammo in his direction, peppering him with nails to buy time for Virn to close in. His makeshift shield smashed across Stitch’s face, breaking apart from the impact and leaving the man a bloodied mess on the ground with nails sticking out of his unmoving body. Virn tossed the car door away and moved forward to simply grab the next soldier and threw him against the concrete wall.
A soldier further back from the fight suddenly dropped, shot from behind by a high-powered rifle, giving Zinada some assurance that Echo was in the fight. Then, unexpectedly, a deafening blast came from the van's turret, knocking two opponents to the ground. 
“Silas, are you on comms?” Zinada asked excitedly as the odds started tipping in their favour. 
“Gwop,” came the reply, and she flashed a quick smile at Lyrik, who had no idea what was going on. 
“Zinada, you need to get to the van immediately,” Echo advised as Virn continued to wail on the Risen, and Echo's shots went off every few seconds. “The diversion we arranged has retreated, and all of the soldiers we pulled away are returning to your position.” 
“Copy,” she replied, then grabbed Lyrik's hand. “Come on, it's now or never.”
“Are you sure?” Lyrik stammered. “There's an awful lot going on out there.”
“And it's about to get much worse. Come on!” Zinada didn't wait for a reply as she rushed through the door with Lyrik in tow. They kept low and followed the path she had taken earlier, which allowed them to use the old car wrecks as cover. She caught a glimpse of Virn punching his way through the enemy ranks, but they were now aware of how effective his titanium armour was against their weapons, and pulled further back to the entrance to keep out of his reach. 
Silas hit them with another blast from his remotely controlled turret, giving Zinada and Lyrik another chance to move through the hot zone towards the relative safety of the armoured Conveyor. They sprinted the final few metres and slammed into the back doors, just as dozens more Risen arrived on the scene. 
Sergeant Tevari was in the lead, and on his right was Doug, still wearing his powered exosuit, and carrying a huge, multi-barrel cannon. Zinada watched helplessly as they saw Virn finishing off the last of the initial group, fully exposed to the newcomers. Echo shot one of them, dropping him in one go, startling the group who started firing back. The sergeant took one look at the scene and barked out orders to his eager band of armed thugs.
“Lay down suppressing fire on that building,” he shouted over their gunfire, pointing at the one behind them Echo was surely inside of. “Scrap that robot, and capture anyone else hiding in here. Start with that van of theirs.”
Echo would be unable to shoot under that barrage, and they were too far away for Silas' turret to hit. The front line of soldiers fired at Virn, who raised one arm to try and shield himself from the onslaught as sparks and bits of titanium were blasted from his armour. Zinada watched helplessly for a few seconds at what was sure to be Virn's end, until a shadow formed over the soldiers outside the garage.
They stopped following Tevari's orders and immediately started firing into the air as a curious sound could be heard, like a thousand wings rustling in the wind. Sleek, black shapes dove across the soldiers as hundreds of corvids attacked, clawing and biting the Risen up close, while some circled above firing lasers onto the heads of their enemies. 
Virn immediately recognised the change in tactical conditions and charged forward. Doug was spraying the skies with a storm of bullets from his oversized gun, causing immense damage to the corvids until Virn suddenly ripped the weapon from his hands. Doug had been taken by surprise, but quickly recovered as he turned on the decrepit robot and landed a solid punch onto his torso. The exosuit protected his hands and reinforced the blow with extra power, denting Virn's casing and rolling him back nearly a metre from the blow. 
The two of them grappled and struggled for control of the huge gun, with Doug putting up a surprising fight against his heavily damaged opponent. It was help from above that tipped the fight in Virn's favour, as Silas landed on the back of Doug's head to viciously claw at his face, distracting him long enough for Virn to grab Doug with both hands and toss him into the crowd of Risen soldiers, knocking many of them down.
Virn reached down for the huge gun, but Sergeant Tevari beat him to it, kicking it aside as he slammed a sledge into Virn's side, snapping his right arm at the joint. He followed through with a second hit that smashed the side of the old robot, but Virn countered with a solid hit from his other arm, knocking the powerful xarani warrior to the ground. 
He was about to rise when Rokh, the leader of the Skyraiders and the biggest Corvid of them all, landed right on top of him. Gripping the tall xarani with both wing hands, the huge corvid clawed Tevari with his feet and unceremoniously ripped him to pieces with his beak. Zinada averted her eyes from the grisly sight, and learned then and there why Rokh was feared. 
It was clear to Zinada that the fight was not going well for the other Corvids, who simply lacked the firepower to counter the new rifles the Risen had acquired. This changed as Virn finally picked up the huge rotary cannon and with one hand, brought it to bear on the soldiers around him. The noise was above and beyond what the other guns produced, and a plume of fire erupted from the end of the barrel as dozens of Risen soldiers were cut down in one sweep of the weapon. 
The scene quietened down a lot when the rotating weapon clattered to stop, smoke wafting from its glowing barrels. Corvids swept in to finish off those who had survived the barrage in a grisly scene that Zinada didn't sit around and watch. Silas broke from the assault and soared into the garage to land on the Conveyor. He looked down at Zinada and Lyrik cowering at the rear of the van.
“Let's go,” he suggested, prompting Zinada into action. She ran around the side, opened the passenger door allowing them to pile inside. She shuffled across towards the driver's seat, allowing Silas to manoeuvre into the back and Lyrik to take the passenger seat. To her surprise, the driver's door opened and Echo got in. pushing Zinada into the space between the seats. He’d apparently made the journey from across the street in the middle of the chaos. 
He glanced at Lyrik, who gave him an odd look, then focused on driving. He moved the van forward to where Virn was watching over the scene and hit the button that rolled out the ramp from the rear compartment. Virn placed the big gun into the back of the van as he rolled aboard. Zinada winced at the sight of Virn's body, which was covered in smoking bullet holes and scorch marks. 
“I am aboard,” he informed them in a voice laden with distortion and crackling. Before the ramp had even started to pull itself up, Echo was accelerating away through the deepening twilight, dodging through the crowd of vengeful corvids who were also departing the area. 
The sound of something heavy clamping on the back of the van gave Zinada a start, and she looked back to see Doug, bloodied and furious, with his exosuit’s hands holding tightly onto the van’s door. But he was surprised when Virn didn’t even hesitate, grabbing the interloper and pulling him inside to smack his head against the van’s roof, then slamming him into the floor. 
Dazed and confused, Doug didn’t put up much of a fight as Virn finished him off with a sickening crack of his neck, before closing the van’s door.
“Are you okay?” Zinada shouted back to Virn. “When you're facing off against a small army, you should probably learn the value of using cover.” 
“I am cover,” Virn rumbled, using his one remaining arm to manipulate the rotary gun he had acquired. “Zinada, I require your assistance.”
She clambered over the seat into the rear compartment, changing places with Silas who was intent on the infopad display in his little hands. The back of the van had been stacked with an assortment of things taken from the garage, seemingly at random. She grabbed some of the tools from her belt and, being careful not to step on Doug’s bloodied body, went to work helping the heavily damaged robot. 
“Thanks for coming for us,” Zinada called to Echo, who was looking at his outside mirrors. 
“We're not out of this yet,” he warned, increasing the speed of the van through the streets of Risen territory. Through the viewing gaps in the van's rear armour, Zinada could see people ducking for cover as the Conveyor sped along the streets. People seemed to be living their lives here as best they could, but more than a few curses and bricks were thrown at the van as it went past. 
The whining sound of electric motors could be heard from behind, and when Zinada took a moment to look outside again, she saw three roughly armoured cars closing fast. 
“Three vehicles approaching at speed,” Zinada shouted to the front.  
“They have a lot of them,” Lyrik told them, trying to treat her injuries while the van bounced and rattled along at speed. “Patrol vehicles would have been called in to stop our escape.”
“Armed?” Echo asked.
“Yes,” she answered. “Some have flame throwers, but a few have heavier, improvised cannons too.” The sound of something impacting the rear of the van with force shook the vehicle, forcing Echo to alter his course a little. 
“Yeah, I just noticed that,” he answered calmly. “Hold tight.” He gave them less than half a second to comply when he started some evasive manoeuvres to try and shake their pursuers. The van skidded around on the uneven surface as more shots either hit the van, or nearby buildings as they rambled past. Zinada did her best to follow Virn's instructions, using her new ratchet gun to quickly undo bolts on his frame, removing the mount for the old laser on his third arm. 
Virn then lifted the rotary gun and held it into place on the mount, allowing Zinada to quickly bolt it into place. 
“Can I fix your other arm maybe?” she offered.
“That can wait,” Virn replied, picking up the ammo pack for the large gun and attaching it to the back of his frame. The van suddenly lurched to one side as a car slammed into them, almost sending them careening off the road. Zinada couldn't see from her position, but Lyrik peeked outside and pulled her head in quick after what she saw.
“There's another one alongside us,” she warned. Echo responded by trying to run it off the road, slamming back and forth between each other which had Zinada stumbling about in the back, smacking into the boxes of stuff more than once. A blast from Silas' turret could be heard, which knocked the vehicle around a bit but didn't do much against its armour.
“Hold on,” Echo warned, and looking forward, Zinada saw he was heading straight for a shack perched on rubble and stilts made of metal. Clutching onto the side of the van with all of her strength, the Conveyor slammed into the side as Echo turned the wheel hard over. Looking out the back, she saw the makeshift structure tumble over, falling over one of their pursuers and wrecking it in the process.
The sound of a small explosion on the side of the van made it lurch to one side, and the distinctive sound of metal on pavement could be heard.
“We just lost a tire,” Echo reported. “Correction, we lost the entire wheel. We'll never outrun them now.” The van slowed more and more as the drag from the body scraping along the ground was too much for the old motors to bear. The van was hit twice more from the rear as the pursuing vehicles rammed it, knocking Zinada on her backside.
“Can you do anything about them?” Echo asked of Virn.
“Confirmed, engaging targets,” Virn answered. “Please stay down,” he advised Zinada as he reached for the handle to the rear doors. He threw them open with one twist, allowing the last light of day to pour inside. The two vehicles were just outside the door, one of which had a large cannon on the roof. It never had the chance to fire. 
Virn levelled his new weapon at the lead car and opened fire. Zinada covered her ears and stayed low as the stream of bullets lanced into the closest vehicle, shredding it in less than a second. Spent casings spewed out the back of the van as the barrage continued, changing targets to the second car which was subjected to a similar fate. 
They both crashed to the side of the road into some ruined buildings, allowing the Conveyor to round a corner and finally lose them. 
“Nice work, old timer,” Echo offered as they continued on. Zinada let out a long breath in relief.
“Don't worry,” she said to Virn, “we'll fix you right up. Can you weld titanium?”
“That would require a plasma torch, or tungsten inert gas welding equipment,” Virn answered. “We have neither.”
“Well, we'll think of something,” Zinada whispered. She leaned over the seat of the cabin to put a hand on Lyrik's shoulder. “How are you faring?”
“I can't believe we made it out,” she answered with a wan smile. “But yeah, I'm okay. I'm actually free.”
“Zinada?” Echo asked, sounding a little faint.
“Yes?” 
“Drive,” he ordered, right before his head bowed and his arms relaxed from the wheel. Zinada reached forward and quickly grabbed it, steering them around some obstacles until they came to a safe stop. 
“What happened to him?” Lyrik asked.
“He must be out of power,” Zinada responded, climbing over the chair into the front. “We'll need to find a place to rest. We'll never make it home in this condition.” With Lyrik's help, they managed to shove Echo aside so Zinada could take control and slowly drive onwards, with the van's axle scraping and sparking along the road behind them.

19
 Sanctuary

“That was crazy,” Zinada whispered, thinking about the pitched battle they just escaped. “Is everyone okay?”
“Intact,” Lyrik responded wearily.
“Functional,” Virn answered, though his crackling voice seemed to indicate that his functionality was a marginal condition. 
“All good,” Silas chirped back. 
“So glad you're alright,” Zinada sighed. “Virn, how many of them did you kill?”
“I eliminated twenty-four enemy combatants while securing our position,” he reported. 
“Oh, is that all,” Zinada answered, sickened by the bloodshed. She felt queasy and was glad she'd hardly eaten that day. 
“It was necessary to ensure the survival of the squad,” Virn assured her. “The rest were taken down by other forces.”
“Other forces, right,” Zinada muttered, looking to Silas. “I take it you negotiated an arrangement with the Skyraiders for their help?” He clicked his beak twice to confirm. “What was the price?”
“Half,” he answered, looking to the pile of random junk jostling about as the van scraped along.
“Echo Nine instructed me to secure as much as I could before our departure,” Virn explained. 
“I guess they'll be along to pick it up sooner or later,” Zinada replied as she turned down another street, feeling a deep ache in her body as the adrenaline rush faded. “By the way Lyrik, this is Silas, and Virn of course. Guys, this is Lyrik.”
“Lyrik Ophalie Javaaris,” Lyrik announced, using her full name. “I'm technically a physician, though it's not like I have a degree or anything.”
“Even your name is beautiful,” Zinada said under her breath.
Gwop, Silas said as his head poked over the top of the seat. 
“You didn't tell me you were being helped by corvids,” Lyrik remarked as she looked at Silas with wary eyes.
“Silas isn't one of the Skyraiders, he's from my home town of Kismet,” Zinada explained. “Clever little guy, good with electronics and such.”
“And with a beak as long as my hand,” Lyrik pointed out.
“Yes, well, that's right,” Zinada conceded, sensing a little animosity towards the large birds. “He won't bite, I promise.”
“It's the pecking that concerns me.”
With the van's back end dragging along the road, their progress was too slow for Zinada's liking. She asked Virn to move some of the cargo from the rear up to the front, where Lyrik was sitting to balance it out. They shoved Echo's inert form to the far end of the seat where his weight would also help, and covered him in boxes of parts and random salvage. 
While they were moving things around, Zinada took out her map which had survived being washed by Lyrik, and tried to figure out where they were. She'd never been this far into the ruined city before, but had seen the taller landmarks from afar. Looking outside, Zinada spotted a tall spire barely visible in the deepening darkness of the evening, that had been reduced to a framework of rusting steel, only a couple of blocks from their location.
“Got it,” she said, turning the map around to get her bearings. “There's a place I found a couple of years ago, only an hour's walk north of here. It's a garage that survived mostly intact, and I think the door should still work. We can hide in there and catch our breath.” She looked over to see Lyrik half-covered in old boxes and junk, giving Zinada a dirty look in reply. 
She turned on the lights and eased the van forward to test how it ran on three wheels. There were no immediate sounds of scraping from the back unless they went over a bump in the road, so it appeared to have worked. She increased speed with growing confidence, eager to find the old place and disappear for a while. 
Silas was keeping busy going through channels on the comms system, searching for signals related to Risen patrols in the area. It was mostly static and dead air, until he came across a strange, distorted signal amongst the noise. 
“Encrypted,” he explained, hooking his wireless ear piece to the infopad. As he tapped away at it, the signal changed, sometimes sounding clearer, other times completely unrecognisable. It took another few minutes of tweaking, but eventually the transmissions cleared entirely.
“We can hear everything they're saying,” Zinada remarked, listening intently. Although they had taken a hit, the Risen were reorganising rapidly and sending out other vehicles in their direction. Silgar's voice even came in over the speakers, causing Lyrik to flinch. 
“I'm looking forward to never hearing that voice again,” she remarked sourly. 
“If it's any consolation,” Zinada responded, “he's really angry.”
“That just makes him more dangerous,” Lyrik warned. “While we're in their territory, we're at risk.”
“The place I'm taking us to is just inside their region, close to another gang's territory,” Zinada explained. They continued on for another ten minutes, with Zinada checking every street they passed to make sure they didn't miss it. It was difficult to make out individual buildings, even using the van's headlights, but eventually, she saw a familiar pile of rubble with girders sticking out of it. She turned down that street and slowed, looking for the building in question.
“There it is,” Zinada said, almost biting her tongue when the van suddenly jolted, falling to the ground with a loud bang. Both women squealed in surprise, while Silas squawked and flapped his wings to balance himself. 
“I think the suspension just went,” Zinada sighed, releasing her grip on the wheel. “Wait here for a minute while I open the place up.” Opening the door and stepping outside, she felt greatly relieved at their successful escape. The skies had cleared up on the way here, and she revelled in the fresh air and freedom. The building itself was squat and ugly, made of concrete and steel, but its over-designed look had ensured its survival over the years. 
The sounds of boxes tumbling to the floor indicated that Lyrik had burrowed her way free. Her skimpy red dress was filthy, and the bruises on her body looked nasty. 
“I need to stretch my legs,” she explained, dusting herself off. “How did you find this place, anyway?”
“I was on the run from a gang a few years ago, and managed to get inside through one of the windows upstairs,” Zinada explained. “Are you okay? You look like you're in pain.”
“You're one to talk,” Lyrik pointed out as she pulled Echo's sniper rifle out of the van and checked it. “Just do your thing.” 
“Will do. Silas, can you hook Echo up to the van's power cells? Virn, keep watch.” Silas clicked his beak twice and hopped to work, fetching cables from the pile of gear in the back. The rear doors opened and the ramp whirred into place, allowing Virn to roll out and cover the area with his fearsome weapon. 
Zinada ascended a mound of rubble from the collapsed building next door, then jumped across to the flat roof of the garage. She walked past the solar cells which appeared to be in poor condition, and on the far side, she leaned over the edge and saw the small window she'd squeezed into on her last visit. Once inside, it was almost completely dark, but Zinada managed to stumble around until she found a panel for the lights. 
Two of the six ceiling lights came on, revealing a dusty, abandoned kitchenette where she'd found hidden supplies of preserved food years ago. She'd cleaned the place out good and proper on that visit though, and didn't hold out much hope of finding any food here. Like most abandoned buildings, the entire place smelled of stale air and dust.
She made her way down the stairs into the main workshop area which had enough space for several vehicles, and hit the button to open the roller door. The ancient motor whirred and squeaked as it raised the heavy door, allowing fresh air to flow inside. Thick dust rained down from the vibrations as she headed out to the van, and slowly eased it inside.
“I've seen worse,” Lyrik remarked as she carefully walked inside on bare feet, being careful not to step on anything sharp. Virn came in last, and rolled around the garage space to check it out while Zinada hit the button to lower the door again.
“There is sufficient equipment here to conduct repairs on myself and the vehicle,” he rumbled, noting the winch and pulley overhead, rows of tools on the wall and a hydraulic hoist in the centre of the room. 
“It's better than you think,” Zinada suggested, walking over to a filthy piece of cloth covering a vehicle of some sort. She pulled it away, kicking up a cloud of dirt in the process, revealing a large utility truck in reasonable condition. It was black, with big chunky tires and high suspension, but it was only a three-seater, with its rear area open to the elements and purely for cargo. 
“Do you know what this is?” Zinada asked with a slight grin.
“That information has been corrupted,” Virn predictably answered. 
“That's right, it's a Wortham Navigator in semi-working condition. I had hoped it would still be here after all this time.”
“The vehicle is insufficient for our requirements,” Virn announced after a cursory examination. “It would require extensive modification to suit our needs.”
“Or, we can just strip it for useful bits and use them to fix the Conveyor,” Zinada explained. “What do you think? Can we take the suspension and wheels and use them on the van?” 
“The dimensions appear to be compatible,” Virn answered. “I will devise plans for adapting the Conveyor with these parts, but I must repair myself first.”
“Of course, you'll need two hands for this one,” Zinada agreed. “Silas, when you're ready, can you check the power cells on this place? The panels up top look badly corroded, but they might still be producing enough to charge the place up.” 
“On it,” Silas answered, trotting across the room to a fuse box on the wall to check the connections.
“I'm going to look for the lady’s room,” Lyrik drawled, heading for the stairs. “Maybe someone left behind some half-decent shoes, too.”
“Okay Virn, let's start with your broken arm,” Zinada said as she examined it for damage. Under his direction, Zinada was able to assist in repairing the elbow joint and reconnecting servos until Virn declared that it was fully operational. 
With a little work, Silas determined that the garage's power cells were in poor condition, but they had enough in them to partially charge the van. Echo also benefited from the connection, though he was likely to be out of action for several more hours while his depleted capacitors regenerated. 
Silas then turned his attention to Virn's circuitry which, given the condition of his armour, had probably taken a hit during the pitched battle. While he worked, Zinada took off her jacket and started work on the old utility vehicle. She used an old hydraulic jack to support the back, and used the ratchet gun to make short work of rusty bolts holding the rear suspension in place.
“Done,” Silas declared after thirty minutes or so, bringing Virn back online to check his work. 
“Is this better?” he asked, with his voice sounding normal again.
“Much,” Zinada answered from beneath the truck. 
“Then I will clear the van's cargo area before lifting it.”
“I'll give you a hand,” Zinada offered. She was about to step into the back of the van when she saw Doug's body still in the back.
“I'll leave you to dispose of the body,” Zinada remarked as Virn dragged out the corpse and dumped it on the floor. Silas hopped over and pecked away at the controls until the sensor clamps opened, and the suit could be removed. Then, with little discretion, Virn opened the door to the garage and dragged it outside. 
Silas then made an odd noise and flew onto the top of the van. Within seconds, he had removed something from it, then glided outside to affix the item just above the garage door. Virn returned with several large cinder blocks with which to prop up the vehicles. When the roller door screeched shut behind him, Silas used his infopad to project a holographic display onto the inside of the door from a camera he'd placed outside, almost making it appear to still be open. 
“Security,” he explained, which received an approving nod from Zinada. With the unpleasant business out of the way, they cleared out the back of the van and propped Echo against the wall, where he was plugged into the garage's old power grid. Virn then pushed the van onto the hoist, so Silas could operate the controls to lift it above their heads. Zinada was nervous about the ancient machine failing and dropping the van on their heads, but Virn's assessment suggested it was still in good condition and would not fail them.
The old Navigator was lifted onto cinder blocks, allowing them proper access to the underside. Zinada went to work finishing the job of dismantling the suspension, which was dirty, hard work. Silas played music from the van's speaker system, making the job go by a little bit quicker, keeping the volume low in case they had unexpected visitors. 
Lyrik returned wearing a dusty old coat over her skimpy dress, and boots that appeared to fit her feet quite well. 
“Success,” she declared, showing off her new attire, to which Zinada gave her a thumb's up. “Is there anything to eat around here?” the xarani added. “I could go for some unexplainable generic meat products about now.”
Silas trotted over to their supplies and fetched a box of Vita bars, which he put out for them to eat. Lyrik picked up one and read the faded label. 
“Choc-orange,” she mused as she took a bite, followed by a mumbled “Ew.” 
“It's all we have for now, so cross your fingers and eat up,” Zinada advised as she finally loosened an especially tough bolt. A Vita bar landed next to her as Lyrik looked in her direction.
“We suffer together,” she explained with a wink. Zinada sighed and took a bite, realising that she hadn't eaten anything except fruit that day. 
Two hours later, Zinada sat back as Virn finished the job of bolting the new wheels to the Conveyor. He worked with the precision and speed only possible for a machine, and when it was finally lowered to the ground, the new suspension held. The Conveyor had been pretty low-slung, only twenty centimetres above the ground, but the clearance of this off-road suspension was much greater. 
“The task is complete,” Virn announced, backing away from the van to consider his work. “I recommend testing it before driving any great distance, but this is a considerable improvement on the original design.”
“Awesome job,” Zinada remarked, holding up a palm to high-five Virn, who seemed to consider her hand for a second before leaving her hanging. Shaking her head, she climbed up into the now elevated cabin and turned on the power. Very gently, she moved the vehicle forward, then reversed a few metres while Virn and the others observed. 
“Job done,” Zinada announced when the wheels didn't fall off. She eased out of the cab and headed for the restroom to clean up. Her body ached after the full day of activity, and every now and then there was a sharp, stabbing pain that shot through her muscles. After she'd cleaned up, Zinada made her way back out to the garage to find Echo standing in front of the van.
“Good to see you back online,” Zinada greeted him as she wiped her hands with an old towel. “How are you feeling?”
“I'm not,” he answered. “Your new friend was just bringing me up to speed on our situation. You did well bringing us here.”
“I have my moments,” Zinada remarked with a shrug. “Thanks for coming back for me. I was starting to think I was going to be a prisoner there for the rest of my life.”
“You almost completely screwed up the plan by rescuing her,” Echo responded, pointing to Lyrik. 
“Really feelin' the love right now,” Lyrik sighed, her two-tone voice sounding disappointed. 
“I genuinely hope you're worth it,” Echo said,” because a hell of a lot of people died getting you out of there.” Zinada was silent, soberly understanding the consequences of her decision. 
“The whole point of our diversion was to slip away, not mount a frontal assault,” Echo went on. “The corvids are going to come for their gear sooner or later, and given how many of them died in the fight, I suspect they'll want some extra compensation. And don't get me started on Virn's condition, your little stunt almost wrecked him permanently.”
“I'm not ungrateful,” Lyrik answered carefully. “I was doomed to enslavement in that place, and you've given me a chance for a better life. I intend to save many more lives than it cost to free me.”
“Justify it to yourself however you want,” Echo answered. “I just want you all to understand the price of your freedom. The next time you pull something like this, I may not be so accommodating. I'll be on watch tonight up top, in low-power mode. Get some rest, you all look terrible.” Echo took the sniper rifle Lyrik had leaned against the wall, then headed upstairs.
“Is he always that intense?” Lyrik asked.
“Only when he's awake,” Zinada quipped. She grabbed another Vita bar and found a pile of blankets in the corner of the garage to sleep on. After she ate her bland meal, Lyrik joined her on the pile next to hers to rest. 
“Room for one more?” she asked with a smile. In the dim light near the back of the garage, her pink eyes actually glowed.
“Suit yourself,” Zinada muttered, lying back on the blankets.
“So, you and Echo, have you ever...?” Lyrik asked, drawing a startled look from Zinada.
“What? What would prompt you to say that? He's a machine.”
“I bet he is,” Lyrik responded slyly, drawing a laugh from Zinada. “Well, at least I can still get a laugh out of you,” Lyrik remarked. “You're in a good mood for someone with a terminal illness whose life saving medicine was just stolen.”
“Because I know where it went, and I know what I have to do,” Zinada answered simply as she laid back on the blankets again. “Once we've made it back to Kismet, I'm going to Mineros.”

20
 Danger

Zinada woke just after dawn, with sunlight streaming right into her eyes through the windows. As she came awake, she became aware of the sound of strong winds gusting outside. The smell of dry dust coming in through gaps in the rattling structure brought her fully awake. Her body ached more than it had in years, and it took a physical effort to muster the strength to get up. 
She shuffled off to the kitchen to get some slightly rusty water from the old tanks just outside, scaring away a couple of wild dogs who had been lapping at a puddle at its base. Zinada gazed at the morning sky while sipping from the cup, and noticed several corvids perched on buildings nearby, watching her. Suddenly alert, she went back inside to see the huge corvid Rokh visible on the holographic screen, looking directly into the camera. 
“Security alert,” Virn warned, positioned near the door with his rotary cannon at the ready. Zinada nudged Lyrik and Silas awake, then headed for the switch to open the door. The motor whirred and screeched as it worked, and once it was halfway open, smaller corvids trotted into the garage with pistols drawn. The winds outside blew through the place, bringing in fine dust and scattered light garbage with it.
“We don't want any trouble,” Zinada said to them, holding her hands up high. Once the door was fully open, Rokh walked inside, surveying the scene as his companions started looking through the gear. Silas cowered against the wall, with a few of Rokh's gang snapping and squawking at him as they went past. 
“Half, right?” Zinada asked nervously. Rokh stared unafraid at Virn, who had his weapon pointed right at the large, armoured bird. 
“Half, as agreed,” Rokh replied softly as his feathers rippled in the wind. 
“Listen, I wanted to thank you for coming to our aid back there,” Zinada responded. “You lost quite a few of your uh, flock?”
“I prefer the term 'murder',” Rokh suggested with a glint in his eye.
“Right, right,” Zinada mumbled nervously. “As I understand it, you were only supposed to divert their attention, not charge in like you did.”
“It was an opportunity we could not pass up,” came the reply. Rokh seemed to speak more fluently than Silas. “I could not allow the Risen to get their hands on those weapons.”
“You have them now?”
“We kept the smaller ones, the rest were destroyed,” Rokh answered. “I am curious how they managed to buy so many from their contacts in the east. I am told you looted a valuable base. What was in there?”
“All sorts of things,” Zinada explained, “Energy weapons, tiny missiles, high quality parts –”
“Forget all that,” Lyrik interrupted as she approached. “It was Aeon.”
“This explains much,” Rokh remarked. “You should have destroyed it.”
“Why?” Zinada asked curiously. “What is that stuff?”
“It is a curse,” Rokh replied. “An experimental drug to extend the life of whomever takes it.”
“Living longer doesn't sound so bad if you've got a good life,” Zinada remarked dubiously.
“Perhaps in the old world it would have alleviated the suffering of old age,” Rokh continued as his comrades headed back outside with their little backpacks laden with stuff. “Now, it is sought by those who wish to maintain their tyrannical grip on power. Likely, one or more of the players in Mineros made a deal with the Risen to secure supplies of this drug.”
“Okay now it makes more sense,” Lyrik mused. “I'd love to get my hands on some to study.” 
“You are better off not knowing,” Rokh warned. “It is something that should never have been created. The sooner it is all gone from the world, the better it will be for everyone. We have what we came for, and we are square. Farewell.” He nodded to Silas, then without any further word, Rokh walked outside to join the rest of his murder. As one, they spread their wings and took to the skies. Zinada and Lyrik watched them scatter to the winds until they were out of sight.
“Typical, really,” Lyrik sighed. “Solaris is being fought over by multiple factions vying for control, but outside of the city, things are no different. Only the resources of the different players determine who wins, and whoever made that deal with Silgar really wanted that Aeon you found.”
“Probably some miserable old fossil looking to cling to life just a little bit longer,” Zinada suggested. “I'm sorry, but things out here aren't much better than where you were.”
“At least I'm free,” Lyrik replied with a wan smile. “That counts for a lot.” Silas darted past and fetched his camera from above the garage door, and once he was done, Zinada turned to find Echo standing next to the van.
“We need to get moving,” he advised, tossing his weapon and gear into the van. “Their departure might raise some suspicions and lead the Risen here.”
“Fine by me,” Zinada responded. “I can't wait to get home.”
“I'm really looking forward to seeing it,” Lyrik added with a smile. 
“This facility's power system is in a poor state of repair,” Virn reported as he loaded the remaining supplies into the back of the van. “The Conveyor's power cell is at thirty eight percent charge.”
“Is that enough to get us to Kismet in one go?” Zinada asked. 
“The location you are referring to is unavailable.”
“Seriously?” Zinada blurted. “Well, next time we're there, you burn that location into your essential memory, okay?”
“Confirmed,” Virn answered. 
“I need some of the van's power for myself,” Echo warned as he climbed into the driver's seat. “I haven't had a full charge in days.”
“Well, you'd best let me drive,” Zinada suggested playfully. Echo gave her an inscrutable look, then shifted over to the passenger side where he attached some cables to the van's power and shut down to charge. Lyrik climbed aboard, squeezed between the two of them and once everything was aboard, Zinada powered up the van and eased it out of the garage. 
Silas waited for it to be clear of the door, then jumped up to peck the control button before scurrying out before it closed, sealing the place against the elements. The van drove well enough, though it was a stark change from the lower driving position she'd experienced earlier. She drove carefully at first, but grew in confidence when everything seemed to be working properly. 
“You're getting the hang of this thing,” Lyrik remarked as she chewed down another Vita bar. 
“Yeah, it's got this thing called 'grip' which I didn't realised existed before now,” Zinada quipped. Silas, who had been silent until now squawked an alarm that startled her.
“Incoming patrols,” he explained, using his wireless communicator and infopad to scan frequencies. Static-filled transmissions suddenly came in over the van's speakers, garbled at first, but clearing as Silas worked his magic. Zinada listened carefully to their shouted voices and understood Silas' concern.
“They saw the corvids take off and are coming to investigate,” Lyrik said with a measure of fear in her voice.
“There aren't a lot of places to go here,' Zinada responded when she took out her map to get her bearings. “We'll have to wing it. Silas, just tell me which way to turn.”
“Go right,” he instructed, and she complied with heavy use of the accelerator. Over the next half an hour, they twisted and turned through the ruins, narrowly avoiding being seen by the Risen patrol cars that swarmed the area. The dusty city ruins gave way to buildings overgrown with vegetation, with crawling vines and trees growing through window frames.
“They are herding us,” Silas warned, exchanging a worried glance with Zinada who was struggling to figure out their next move. Their run of luck came to an abrupt halt a few minutes later when she saw a large sign on the side of the road ahead, spelling out 'Danger' in scrawled black letters. She immediately hit the brakes, and sat there staring at the sign.
“What is this?” Lyrik asked.
“A place I've avoided on every trip to the area,” Zinada explained as she gripped the wheel tightly. She glanced down at her map, which had the same word written over that area of the city. “We're so close to the edge of Solaris now.”
“They backed us into a corner,” Lyrik moaned. “Face them, or whatever lies ahead. You've no idea what's in there?” 
“No, only that people who go in usually don't come out again. It could be mined, it could have radiation or hazardous materials, anything really.”
“They're closing in,” Silas warned. 
“Shit,” Zinada muttered. Seeing no alternative, she slowly moved forward, keeping to the edge of the road. 
“Faster,” Silas urged, forcing Zinada to swear more profusely as the van bolted ahead. They were close to the outskirts of the city, where the surrounding buildings were being overtaken by vegetation. Trees were growing in the middle of the road, and the place was more green than grey. Curiously, instead of hearing the sounds of bird calls or other small animals, it seemed completely quiet. Even the wind had died down, blanketing the area with an eerie silence. 
“Did you hear that?” Lyrik asked, looking around nervously. Zinada didn't hear anything at first, but then detected a faint sound she couldn't explain. She pulled over and listened, able to feel more than hear it, a sort of boom that repeated every couple of seconds. 
The communications they'd been eavesdropping on had faded as Silas altered the frequency, and now a strange, garbled noise came through the speakers, sounding distinctly mechanical in nature. 
“What is that?” Lyrik whispered. Next to her, Echo's head lifted and his eyes opened. Without a word, he disconnected the charging cables and opened the door, silently stepping outside to figure out what was going on.
“This is machine language,” Silas explained. “I cannot interpret, but Virn could.”
“Accessing,” the old robot rumbled, going silent for a few seconds before continuing. “This is a military identification signal from a source attempting to contact its controller for instructions. The signal repeats.”
“It's a robot?” Zinada wondered, then her eyes went wide when she realised what the strange noises outside were. She looked outside and saw Echo examining footprints in the ground. Huge prints from something very large, and very heavy. 
“Zinada, get the van into cover,” Echo instructed, his eyes scanning the terrain for the source of the noise. The boom noises were becoming louder, so with her heart pounding, Zinada glanced around and chose a spot near some vines that were growing over an old building. When she parked there, the van was almost invisible, but to her alarm, the building beneath the vines was blackened and full of holes, as if it had been hit with powerful weaponry.
Echo crouched next to the van and watched as a huge machine, easily five metres tall, walked into view. It had four legs and was built not unlike a giant robot dog, but with an assortment of very large guns sprouting from its back and head. It was ancient and rusty, with numerous blackened marks on its armoured sides and damage visible on its rear legs.
They watched it stride past less than twenty metres away, and once it was out of sight, Echo looked in through the open passenger door to speak.
“If my guess is right, that thing has been patrolling this area for nearly eight decades,” he said quietly. “Military bots like this are hardened against EMP, but if it was close enough, a powerful blast could have made it past the shielding and damaged its circuits without destroying it.”
“Virn says it's waiting for new orders,” Lyrik responded.
“That checks out,” Echo agreed. “I've worked with these things before. They're assault bots, simple machines that don't think for themselves. If we try to run, it'll spot us and destroy us in no time.”
“And we can't go back,” Zinada pointed out. “The Risen are still there searching for us.”
“I have another idea,” Echo suggested. “Silas, give me the infopad.” Silas complied, though he seemed reluctant to hand over his favourite gadget.
“I have access codes for this class of robot, but I don't know if they'll work on this specific machine. And the wireless range on this infopad is about ten metres, so I have to be up close to pull this off. But if it works, it'll think I'm its commander.”
“And if it doesn't work?” Lyrik asked. Echo just stared back at her, as if the answer was obvious, because it was. He left the van and silently made his way closer to the robot's patrol path, hiding in the shadow of a building for cover. It was a tense few minutes waiting for the assault bot to make its way around again, but once it was in range, Echo did his thing.
The bot's response was immediate, and not in a good way. It turned in Echo's direction and a klaxon blared out a deafening alarm sound. 
“Unauthorised access,” the huge robot warned in its mechanical voice. “Cease or be fired upon.”
“That one didn't work,” Echo said over the comms, right before a turret on the bot's head angled towards Echo's position and fired, blasting the side of the building the android was hiding behind. 
The cloud of dust it kicked up obscured the view from the van, but a few seconds later Echo was seen bolting in the other direction, away from the bot. He vaulted over low obstacles and used the terrain to his advantage, sliding through gaps and expertly navigating the rough terrain. The huge machine turned in pursuit, crashing through buildings the android had elegantly avoided with his incredible agility. 
Echo gained enough ground on it to crouch behind another wall and make another attempt to access the system, but there was no change in the assault bot's behaviour as it continued ploughing through obstacles to reach him. 
“Is there anything we can do?” Lyrik asked the others as they watched helplessly from the van.
“If I move us out there, it'll be firing at us instead,” Zinada told her. “We're not as agile as he is, and I doubt the van would survive against those weapons.”
“I could provide a diversion,” Virn offered.
“In your condition, one hit would destroy you, so forget about it,” Zinada responded. 
“Going to make one last attempt,” Echo's calm voice came over the comms, “and if it doesn't work, I'll lead it away so you can make a break for it.”
“That would mean leaving you behind on low charge,” Zinada shouted back over the crashing noise of the rampaging robot. “It's basically a death sentence for you.”
“It's not my preferred option, believe me,” Echo remarked. He went silent as he made his final attempt to hack the machine. It fired with its laser again, reducing his cover to crumble and revealing him crouched on the ground. It seemed like it was about to finish him off, when the giant bot's posture seemed to relax. Its turret folded away and it stood there in silence.
“Got it,” Echo reported, causing a sigh of relief from Zinada and Lyrik. Silas shook his ruffled feathers and squawked in what Zinada knew was relieved laughter. Echo walked back to the van with the giant bot striding along obediently behind him. 
“This one is designated 'Wardog',” Echo announced as he climbed back into the van. “Its higher functions are damaged, so I've put it into manual control mode. It's tasked to this infopad specifically, so don't let it out of your sight. I'd hang onto it myself, but I need to charge so I guess I'm trusting you with this,” he said, handing the device to Silas, who appeared to be quivering with excitement. 
“I will be careful,” Silas replied to Echo. “Thank you for trusting me.”
“I had my doubts when we first met, but you've been a solid player throughout,” Echo explained. 
“If I didn't know better, I'd say you're oozing smugness right now,” Zinada remarked to the android with a faint grin. 
“I don't know what you're talking about,” Echo drawled, climbing back into the van. Zinada smiled knowingly and started to drive onward. Silas tapped at his controls, and sure enough, the massive warbot was trotting along behind them like a loyal pet. She kept their speed moderate to make sure it didn't fall behind, and drove through the forbidden 'danger' area with the confidence only a fifty-ton war machine can provide. 
The sun was shining brightly on their journey, and Zinada was relieved to finally leave the city behind. Suburbs of crumbling buildings covered in greenery lined the roads as they travelled, and after an hour Zinada recognised the paths she took to and from the outer suburbs of Solaris. Feeling a measure of relief for the first time in days, the Conveyor made short work of the rough terrain and sped them towards home.

21
Home

The sun was touching the horizon by the time they crossed the bridge leading into Kismet, but Zinada’s momentary joy at returning home vanished when she saw people and old vehicles arriving from the other end of town. 
“What's going on?” Lyrik asked, rubbing her eyes sleepily. People were carrying everything they owned on their backs, and appeared weary as if having travelled a long way. The few vehicles in the caravan were decrepit buses and trucks, laden with larger items and those who couldn't walk. 
“Something's gone horribly wrong,” Zinada warned. “Those people have fled something up north, and I think we can guess what that something is.” The Conveyor had followed the river along the same path Zinada normally took from Solaris, but as they drove closer, the people ahead started backing away, and a few even screamed in alarm. Lyrik tapped Zinada on the arm.
“Uh, perhaps we should assure them the giant robot dog that's following us isn't going to eat them,” she suggested delicately.
“Right, I forgot all about it,” Zinada groaned, suddenly realising just how tired she was. She slowed to a stop and opened the door. 
“Hey, it's alright,” she shouted, hiking her thumb over her shoulder. “It's with us.” This seemed to calm people down, though they remained dubious as the huge robot towered over the van protectively. “We need to get into town, can you make room for… uh, yeah okay, thanks,” she called, not even finishing her request before people almost fell over themselves trying to get out of the way. 
“I could get used to having Wardog around,” Lyrik remarked with a smile. They pulled up just outside the Starlight hotel, and Silas ordered Wardog to stand out front. Zinada opened the door to step outside, but her legs buckled and she fell to the ground in pain. 
“I'm okay,” she assured Lyrik, who had leaned down to help her back on her feet. “Just a bit weak after a long trip.”
“That's not a bad lie, stick with it,” Lyrik advised, knowing full well what was going on. Although she tried to hide it, Zinada was aching all over, with sharp pains stabbing through her muscles. 
“It's happening faster this time,” Zinada confided as she dusted herself off. 
“Probably from all your recent activity, not to mention being beaten to a pulp,” Lyrik surmised as Chris and Sera hurried over to them from the hotel. “You need to rest.”
“Soon,” Zinada promised, smiling through her pain as Sera rushed up to give her a surprise hug.
“Oh, I like this place, I might just stay,” Zinada responded with a laugh. 
“It's good to see you made it back, but you look terrible,” Sera remarked. 
“It was a rough trip,” Zinada explained, noticing Chris staring up at the giant robot behind them. “Do you like our new friends? One of them is a huge war machine, the other is a doctor.”
“See if you can guess which,” Lyrik said with a cheeky wink that had Chris blushing. 
“Glad to have you here,” he responded, reaching out to shake her hand while looking like a love-struck puppy. “Don't see many xarani around these parts.”
“I'll try to live up to our reputation,” Lyrik promised, commencing a deliberate charm offensive.
“We have a lot of injured people here,” Sera explained, giving Lyrik a suspicious look. “Can you come and help?”
“Of course, that's why I'm here,” Lyrik pleasantly replied. “I'll fetch my kit and be right with you.” She touched Zinada on the arm as she left to assist. Echo emerged from the van and took in the scene around them. 
“I take it our violent friends have been busy in our absence,” he remarked to the sheriff.
“They've hit every town up north, from what's left of Jasala, all the way to Drake on the coast,” Chris explained. “Word got out that we fought off an attack, so people assumed they'd be safe here. I'm not sure they were before you showed up with that thing.”
“They'd need an army to take on Wardog,” Echo assured him. “That and the doctor we brought back made the trip worthwhile, but we didn't get nearly as many supplies as I'd hoped. It's a chaotic place and I had to bargain away half of our haul to make it out in one piece.”
“We'll take what we can get,” Chris answered. “Come on inside, I need a full debriefing if you're up for it.” 
“Fully charged,” Echo responded.
“I'll leave you two to talk,” Zinada suggested. “After I park the van, I need something to eat, then a chance to put my feet up.” She climbed back in, wincing at the pain in her legs, then slowly drove around to the back, where the garage door had already been opened ready for them to back the Conveyor in. 
“Just be careful with your new toy,” Zinada advised Silas as they all got out. “I don't want to hear about anyone being stepped on by that thing.” Silas clicked his beak twice then flew outside. 
“Virn, this is Kismet. Kismet, okay? Don't forget it again,” Zinada ordered Virn as he was unloading supplies.
“Allocating location data to protected memory,” Virn answered. “Do you require my services?”
“Only to do some more repairs on yourself, if you can,” Zinada mumbled, hunger and fatigue catching up with her. “You might want to take a closer look at Wardog, too, it looks pretty beat up.”
“I will. You appear to be in distress, Zinada. Please attend to your own repairs, if you can.”
“Was that a joke?” Zinada responded in surprise. 
“Yes,” Virn answered sincerely. “Do you now feel more at ease?”
“Actually, yes,” she answered with a wan smile as she spotted Helmut and Annika heading in her direction.
“You're back,” he exclaimed, taking Zinada by the shoulders for a crushing embrace. “Zin, you're as weak as a newborn. What happened out there?”
“I'll tell you all about it tomorrow,” she replied, dismissing their concerns. “I just need to eat and rest.”
“Right, well don't let us get in the way,” Annika responded, her eyes already straying to the boxes of salvage sitting in the back of the van. 
“Go ahead and look through that,” Zinada suggested with a vague wave of her hand. “I think Silas checked it on the way home, but I haven't had a chance to look.”
“On it,” Annika promised as she started rifling through the pile. 
“We'll talk soon,” Helmut promised, clapping Zinada on the back as she left. She passed through the kitchens and was greeted warmly by five newcomers – probably from another town – who had taken over the place to churn out meals as fast as possible. She was handed a steaming bowl of tofu and vegetables, then gently nudged on her way to make room for others.
As before, the hotel lounge was packed, but this time it had turned into a makeshift shelter to house nearly thirty people. Zinada was recognised by a few locals and a few cheers went up. It was certainly a far cry from being shunned for most of her life.
“Look at you, the local hero,” Sera remarked as Zinada found an empty stool to sit on at the bar. Chris stood next to her with an uncharacteristic smile on his face.
“You did real good Zinada, I'm impressed,” he told her. 
“Hrmph,” Zinada mumbled with a full mouth, too busy to really talk. They laughed and continued serving others, while the sounds of children could be heard playing outside. Both Sera and Zinada paused and turned, seeing kids under ten years of age in the street. One of them had found something small and interesting in the dirt, and the others were determined to get a closer look at it. Kids at play was a rare sight these days, one that made Zinada both happy and wistful at the same time. 
Sera's own expression was something deeper and more personal. Chris noticed this and took her hand, both of them watching the children play outside with a sort of desperate longing that was a familiar sight in the region. 
“I want to try again,” Sera quietly said to Chris, within earshot of Zinada. 
“When did we stop?” he replied under his breath, earning a jab in the ribs from Sera's elbow. The pressing needs of the town kept them from indulging in little fantasies, so they returned to work and Zinada finished her meal in peace. 
The ‘food’ part done, she threaded through the crowded street while heading to her shack, and once she was finally inside, closed the door with a sigh. It was wonderful to be with her friends, but right now she needed solitude.
“Hi guys,” she said to the picture of her parents, touching it affectionately as she dropped the facade of strength and almost toppled over. Zinada leaned on the wall to steady herself, and tried to ignore the pain in her body. “I don't want to alarm you, but I might be joining you real soon,” she whispered to the picture, trying to stay positive but struggling to see a way forward. 
Zinada took a cold shower and then went to her bedroom to collapse, finding the makeshift old thing the most comfortable pile of cushions she'd ever laid on. An hour passed and she still hadn't fallen asleep, finding the aches in her body too annoying to allow her to easily drop off, and the noise of people outside wasn't helping either. Instead, she tossed and turned trying to find a comfortable position in which to lie. 
Her mind couldn't rest either, as little flashes of things she'd seen over the last week jostled for attention. She reached out and turned on a light, and looked at the wall covered in clues, snippets of information and theories about the cause of the Fall. 
She scrawled a new entry onto a piece of yellowed paper, labelled 'mysterious starship executes controlled crash'. Finding that one was a long shot at best, but it was worth a look for the promise of prime salvage. 
Another note went on the board next to it labelled 'Maddox Device?', but she was interrupted by a soft knock at the door. She set aside her thoughts for a moment to answer it, and when she opened it, she found Lyrik standing there.
“I hope you weren't asleep,” the xarani apologised. “I can't find a place to settle in, so I thought I'd try my luck here.”
“Oh, sure you can sleep on the couch,” Zinada offered, opening the door to let her in. 
“Thanks, you're a treasure,” Lyrik responded, forced to stoop a little to fit through the door. She took off her dusty coat and hung it on a nail protruding from the metal wall.
“Is everyone treating you okay?” Zinada asked as Lyrik inspected the premises. 
“Yes, just lovely thanks. Mending injuries is a sure-fire way to make new friends. So, this is your place? Some of these edges are a little sharp, but it's nice and homey.”
“Thanks, my parents built it out of four cars and half a bus, using a hammer and a nail gun,” Zinada explained casually. 
“Truly innovative,” Lyrik exclaimed, though Zinada couldn't tell if she was serious or not. 
Lyrik noticed the light coming from the bedroom and poked her head in to have a look, and noticed the wall of clues. 
“Uh, don't worry about that,” Zinada blurted, moving past her. “It's just a long-term project I'm working on.” Lyrik invited herself inside for a closer look, perusing the pictures and notes joined together with string and tape. 
“From a medical perspective, this is both intriguing and disturbing,” Lyrik confided, again skirting the line between serious and mocking. 
“Like I said, it's a hobby,” Zinada mumbled, feeling a little self-conscious about her obsession with the past. A thought occurred to her as she looked at Lyrik, and she pulled down the 'Maddox Device?' note to add something. 
“What is it?” Lyrik asked curiously.
“The vid you showed me of that thing Maddox was building in Solaris?” Zinada answered as she scribbled down another thought. “It couldn't have been anything to do with the event, though it might have gone off on the day.”
“How do you know?”
“Because Silgar was wearing his suit,” Zinada explained, adding the note back to the board. “It probably would have been incinerated, if Maddox was there at the time.”
“Clever,” Lyrik remarked. “I was going to suggest that maybe, things that happened eight decades ago don't have a lot of bearing on our lives today.”
“Of course they do,” Zinada scoffed. “We wouldn't be in this mess if the Event didn't happen.”
“What I mean is, we can't change it even if you do figure it out,” Lyrik clarified. “The answer to this isn't going to put food in your belly, nor will it cure your condition. Perhaps you should put your mind to figuring that out instead.”
“Oh, I've got plans bubbling away up here,” Zinada replied while pointing at her head. 
“I'd love to hear them, but I'm sure you're eager for some rest.”
“It's okay, I couldn't get to sleep anyway,” Zinada answered with a shrug. “Have a seat, I want to pick your brain a little.” They went into the living room and sat down on the ancient furniture. “Back at your place in Solaris, you saw goons from Mineros show up to trade. Have you seen them before, especially their shikavan leader, Archie?”
“Their visits are a recent occurrence,” Lyrik answered, after taking a few seconds to think about it.  
“How long has it been going on for?”
“Oh, the past month I'd say,”
“Always for trade?” Zinada pressed, slowly knitting together some ideas with other facts she'd learned lately.
“This was the first big trade deal,” Lyrik responded with a shake of her head. “Prior to that our contact was limited to discussions with Silgar that I wasn't privy to, or little one-off small trades for things the scavengers found in the ruins.”
“But speaking with the leader of the gang must have meant something important was going on.”
“Sure, I guess,” Lyrik answered, running a six-fingered hand through her red tendrils. “Where are you going with this?”
“When I saw Archie trading weapons with Silgar's mob, I realised they were up to more than just looting the region. Whoever’s in charge of that group is making alliances with the worst sort of people, but I don't get how it all ties together. High-tech components, rare medicine, forging alliances and trading weapons. How does it fit?”
“I'm not so sure about the alliance thing,” Lyrik mused. “I'd bet Mineros is trading weapons with Silgar's enemies, too.”
“What makes you say that?” Zinada asked.
“The Risen weren't the only ones poking around for old treasures,” Lyrik pointed out. “Whoever finds some Aeon would know to sell it to the highest bidder, and Mineros has all the best barter. I can't see the point of them making an alliance with a group of savages tooling around the ruins of some ancient city, except to secure a supply of rare items like Aeon.”
“Interesting,” Zinada mused, rubbing her eyes. “Perhaps the head of Mineros wants to be an immortal warlord?” 
“Perhaps, but you said you were going there to find your medicine, so maybe you can ask them in person.”
“That's just what I'm thinking,” Zinada responded, watching the smirk fade from Lyrik's lips. 
“Oh, you're serious? Well, it was lovely meeting you, can I have your house when you don't come back?”
“Look, I'm going there anyway, and there's too much happening lately to not try and find out what's behind it all,” Zinada insisted. “I need to talk to the others tomorrow before I finalise my plans, but yes, you can have my place if it all goes haywire. Hey, you can call it home anyway,” she offered with a big smile.
“Excellent, I'll start making plans of my own,” Lyrik said with a wink. “That doorway could stand to be a little taller. Anyway, you should try to sleep. Fatigue will only accelerate your condition.”
“Right, thanks for reminding me,” Zinada grumbled. “Do you think... I mean, is there a possibility of curing this completely?” Lyrik was silent for a few seconds before answering, smoothing her dress as she considered her words.
“The sort of technology required to examine and treat a condition like yours, at a cellular level, was rare at the time of the Fall,” she eventually answered. “Is it possible such technology still exists somewhere? Yes. Do I have access to it? No. Do I have the training for what amounts to genetic surgery? No, but I could learn.”
“So, the short answer is, no,” Zinada said with finality. 
“My professional advice is to take things one day at a time,” Lyrik suggested. “Figure out how to get the medicine that will buy you more time to figure out the larger issues. Don't lose hope, and don't start thinking about any desperate measures either. I'm becoming rather fond of you and I'd rather you didn't suddenly give up.”
“I'm not there yet,” Zinada whispered, “but if this gets much worse...”
“I'll figure out something, I promise,” Lyrik assured her. “Now go, sleep. You have to dazzle me with your brilliant solutions tomorrow, or I'm going to be terribly disappointed.”
“I wouldn't want that,” Zinada replied, managing a wan smile. She bid Lyrik good night, then headed for bed. She feared she'd be tossing and turning all night, but not long after lying down, she felt a tiny pinprick on her neck and within seconds, she was asleep, dreaming of soaring towards the stars.

22
Gambit

“All right, what's this about?” Chris said as he closed the door to the room behind the bar, giving them a relatively quiet place to talk. His jacket was only partly on, allowing Lyrik to apply something from her medical kit onto the sheriff's arm as they walked, mildly annoyed that he wouldn't stand still. Sera, Silas and Echo were also present, waiting to hear what Zinada had to say. 
“Thanks for coming, I know everyone's crazy busy at the moment,” she began, sitting on a desk and leaning forward to look at each of them in turn. “I think you all know of my condition. If I don't get my hands on some Fibroxazine, I'm not going to live much longer.” She had slept a solid ten hours, the first time since leaving town a week ago, and felt refreshed in spite of her aches and pains. Whatever Lyrik had jabbed her with had done the trick. 
“Don't say that,” Sera murmured, watching Lyrik like a hawk. 
“I can't ignore reality,” Zinada pointed out. “But I haven't given up yet. I had some in my hands a few days ago, but it was taken from me. I can see Chris is impatient to get back out there, so I'll get right to the point. There's one place I know for sure that has what I need, and it also happens to be the place where these attacks on our communities are coming from – Mineros.” 
“It's a big city,” Echo pointed out. “Last I checked, there's two hundred and ninety-three thousand, eight hundred and twelve people crammed behind those walls. You've got security posts, camera drones and surveillance patrols to deal with, plus they appear to have an army of well-equipped psychopaths eager to spill blood. How long has it been since you went to Mineros?”
“I've never been there,” Zinada admitted. 
“So, you've no idea of even where to start looking,” Echo stated. 
“No, but he does,” Zinada responded, looking at Chris.
“I was wondering when you'd get around to that,” he grunted. 
“I'm apparently missing something,” Lyrik murmured.
“Sheriff Ortega used to live in Mineros,” Zinada explained without taking her eyes from his. “What exactly did you do there?”
“I used to work security, nearly twenty years ago,” the sheriff conceded, exchanging a glance with Sera. “Are you sure the attacks are coming from there?
“Positive, I saw Archie trading with the Risen gang in Solaris,” Zinada explained. 
“Shit, that makes things complicated,” Chris muttered. “Mineros is the most corrupt place you've ever heard of, but there was never any desire to harass small communities, so long as supplies kept coming in. The city has enough on its hands trying to keep the huddled masses from rising up against the elites, so to send out patrols looking for high-tech parts means that something changed.”
“Do you still know security procedures, access codes and patrol patterns in the city?” Echo asked.
“The codes might be out of date by now,” Ortega conceded, “but yeah, basically. But you’re talking about infiltrating a fortress city run by people who want to dismantle our town, and kill anyone who gets in the way. What do you think they’re gonna do to us if we’re discovered trying to steal from them?” 
“Look,” Zinada sighed, “if it was just about me, I'd understand your reluctance. I'm prepared to accept my fate, and I won't risk other lives to save mine. But there's more to this than my continued existence. Most of the good stuff we found in Solaris was taken there, so there's a chance to get that back. You should have seen the weapons we found!”
“We recovered some exceptional gear,” Echo agreed, standing with his arms crossed. “Missiles, plasma rifles, armour – if we had it all back, we might have a chance to defend this place. Just to be clear, everyone here knows Kismet is next on the list, right?”
“Yeah,” Ortega responded grimly. “Whether they intended to or not, they've rounded just about everyone in the local regions into one place. I have some of my people establishing defensive structures around the town – nothing special, just a few walls, small towers, that sort of thing. Helmut and Annika have done well cranking out ammunition for our guns, but it's not going to be nearly enough, even with your big robot dog.”
“My concern is Wardog's presence is going to force them to bring heavier weapons,” Echo suggested. “When they hit the town, they'll hit it hard.”
“Which begs the question,” Zinada said. “Why? They came here looking for this Aeon drug, then started supplying weapons to local gangs, and now they’re dismantling entire towns for high-tech parts. In service of what?”
“I suppose you want to go and find out?” Lyrik surmised, still focused on her work.
“If we can give them what they want and make a deal to avoid further trouble, it's worth a shot,” Zinada confirmed. “Chris, you must still have contacts in the city, right?” 
“I burnt a lot of bridges getting out of there,” he answered, “but I know a few people. They won't talk to you, though.”
“They might, if I have something they want,” Zinada suggested. She reached behind her and pulled out the bag containing the three containers of Aeon that Casimir smuggled out of the city. “They went to a lot of trouble to try and recover this. They might want it back. If you can arrange the meeting, dangle the prospect of some rare life-extending drugs, that could be enough.”
“You want to risk them getting their hands on it?”
“We're past trying to keep it hidden,” Zinada explained her thinking. “I'm not even sure how important it is, given the focus has shifted to stripping towns of components.”
“This is a bad idea,” Sera interrupted before Ortega could speak. “They know Chris fought against them during their recent visit – he stood right in front of their car like an idiot, for god's sake! They'll have his face on record.”
“If I'm to get you into Mineros, I'll need them to recognise me,” Chris reminded her. Zinada smiled faintly, hearing this as an agreement to accompany her.
“What can you tell us about the city?” she asked. The sheriff paused to compose his thoughts before speaking.
“It's a place of contrasts,” he explained slowly. “The richest of the rich live in towers, with the destitute crawling in the gutters and streets. They have plenty of old tech, mostly patched up over the years, and the city is relatively safe compared to the wilds out here, but it has its own dangers. You're either useful to the elite, or one of the rabble. I was the former, paid to enforce the laws of the Executive, which meant oppressing the masses, as you'd expect.”
“The Executive being...?” Zinada pressed.
“Kameira Addison is her name,” Chris answered. “She’s based in the old Maddox Tower near the middle of Mineros, the centre of technology in the modern world. She uses that power to control other factions in the city, and live a life of luxury.”
“The head of the Risen gang in Solaris uses that term ‘Executive’ to describe himself,” Lyrik chimed in, “but I'm guessing he's a pale shadow of someone with real power.”
“You're not wrong. Addison has been leading the city for years, consolidating her power as they recover old tech,” Chris went on. “Each of the powerful factions control parts of the city, like power, engineering, infrastructure, food production and the like, and together they rule with an iron fist.
“Here’s the thing though – Addison knows she can't push the citizens too far, or her little bubble of wealthy technocrats would be facing hundreds of thousands in an uprising, and believe me, there's a lot of pent-up anger there. So, keeping them just happy enough to not riot is beneficial to everyone. It's a complex system of power, but it's kept the place stable long after civilisation collapsed. 
“I worked security with one of the major players in the city, but there was an… incident, and afterward I found I didn't have the stomach for that kind of work. I left and came here. Turns out country life has its perks,” he said with a smile as he looked to Sera, who took his hand in hers. 
“Don't you dare get yourself killed back there,” Sera warned. 
“No ma'am,” he responded smartly. 
“Thanks, Chris,” Zinada said, “I wasn't looking forward to trying to do this on my own.”
“I want answers too,” he explained. “Hopefully, the people I know can help us get inside, and point us in the right direction.”
“So, you're planning on stealing back our supplies?” Echo asked of Zinada, who nodded in response. “You're in no condition for heavy lifting, and if you're discovered or betrayed, you're both dead.”
“If only there was a big, strong android who could come along with us,” Zinada wondered aloud, unable to keep a sly smile from her face. 
“I trust our previous arrangement still holds?” Echo asked Sera.
“Gabriel's bits and pieces are yours, if you need them,” she answered, looking to the part of the floor where the broken android was hidden. 
“Alright, I'm in,” Echo agreed. He looked at Silas, who had been quiet the whole meeting. “You need to stay here and control Wardog, if needed. Its circuits are damaged and if left to run on autopilot, it'll assume everywhere is restricted military grounds and it'll attack anything that moves.”
“Got it,” Silas agreed, though his ruffled feathers indicated he was upset about being left behind.
“If you need my help, I'm willing to be of assistance,” Lyrik volunteered as she finished up her work on the sheriff's arm.
“You done?” he asked.
“That will heal rapidly,” the doctor explained, “but you still need to go easy on it for a day or two.”
“Thanks,” Chris mumbled, easing on his jacket.
“The offer is appreciated,” Echo answered Lyrik, “but you're needed here.”
“Most of the people I treated last night are mending just fine,” she protested. “This stuff only needs one application and my work is done, barring further injuries of course. I do like the prospect of helping to avoid a fight, instead of re-inserting people's intestines afterwards. After all, I am nothing if not charming.”
“She sure is,” Chris agreed, earning a cold look from Sera for his troubles. 
“Alright then,” Echo said, ignoring the look of amusement on Lyrik's face. “Virn, do you copy?”
“Receiving,” Virn rumbled over the comms. 
“Prep the van for a mission. We leave in one hour.”
“Understood. The Conveyor is almost finished charging from the hotel's power grid. Be advised my pocket reactor is down to three percent capacity, and my rotary cannon is out of ammunition. It is an extremely inefficient design, requiring vast amounts of ammunition to be effective. At the current rate, I estimate it will take two weeks of fabrication to fully supply it for one battle.”
“If we have to fight in Mineros, we're probably dead anyway,” Echo pointed out. “We mostly need you for heavy lifting, if you're up for that.”
“I have conducted basic repairs to my chassis,” Virn answered. “I am ready to serve.”
“I'll attach my sonic cannon to Virn,” Silas offered, trotting towards the door. “You won't get into the city with an armed vehicle anyway.”
“Good point,” Echo responded, opening the door for the bird, then looked to Zinada. “Are you ready to go?”
“This is as good as I'm going to get,” she replied, hopping down off the desk. “I'll grab my things and meet you at the van.” She left the meeting with a spring in her step, as there was a chance at not just finding medicine, but stopping this whole madness before hundreds of people were hurt. How they planned to achieve this lofty goal wasn't exactly clear at the moment, but they would find a way, somehow.
 Heavy clouds had rolled in after sunrise, casting a gloomy pall over the crowded town. Although safe, there was a definite feeling of tension among the people as Zinada made her way through them. Although she put on a brave face at the meeting, she was in pain all the time now, and the good night's rest hadn't lessened her symptoms. 
She grabbed her tools, backpack and nail gun, then returned to the hotel to help Sera pack some supplies. 
“How much do you trust Lyrik?” Sera asked quietly as they worked. 
“Pretty well, for someone I met a few days ago,” Zinada answered cautiously. “Why, do you have some concerns?”
“Maybe. She just seems to be really helpful for someone you don't know.”
“She's come out of a very bad place,” Zinada confided. “If you're worried she's faking it and is actually a spy or something, well, after seeing what her old boss did to her, that would have been some impressive acting.”
“Okay, if you say so,” Sera conceded, not sounding convinced. “Just do me a favour. Look out for Chris, would you? I know, he's loyal and all that, but she has eyes for him.”
“Oh, is that all?” Zinada almost laughed. “She does that with everyone from what I can tell. She's a bit of a free spirit, if you know what I mean.”
“Yes, that's what has me worried,” Sera responded dourly. “Eyes like a hawk, Zin.”
“I'll make sure they don't get too friendly,” Zinada promised, then hefted the pack full of food and water.
“Be careful,” Sera added, giving her a quick hug. “I hope you find what you're looking for.”
“Me too,” Zinada whispered, making her way out back to the garage. 
A flurry of activity was going on as final preparations were being made. Silas was perched on top of Virn, attaching the sonic gun to the robot's fourth arm, which Zinada hadn't seen used until now. Echo was adding an extra armour plate to the rear doors of the van, and Chris was packing their supplies into the back, including some of the salvage they'd managed to bring back from Solaris.
“Something to bribe the guards with,” Chris explained when Zinada inquired, as she placed her pack of supplies into the back.
“Don't worry,” Helmut assured her, “we still had a few nice finds in your pile of stuff. Check this out.” He nodded to Silas, who had just finished fitting out Virn. He picked up a pair of glasses with chrome paint peeling off and offered them to Zinada, who put them on. As soon as she tapped the side, turning them on, a screen appeared in front of her displaying a variety of information.
“Augmented reality visors,” Helmut explained, putting on another set for himself. “I had a pair of these when I was young, but they were quite worn out and didn't last more than a few years. These must have been in a box this whole time.”
Zinada could see little bits of information displayed around the edge, such as ambient temperature and humidity, the time of day, and data on another AR visor wearer in front of her, namely Helmut. It was asking if she wanted to connect to his video stream. 
“Oh, nice,” Zinada breathed, appreciating vintage technology. “What's this 'no network' warning?”
“What you're seeing there is apparently only a small part of the information they can provide,” Helmut explained. “In the old times, everyone wore one of these and connected to each other with wireless links. That old system was fried in the Fall, of course, but they should automatically connect if you come across one that works.”
“I wonder if Mineros has a working system,” Zinada said curiously. 
“I'm hoping you'll find out,” Helmut answered with a wink. 
“Thanks.  Anything else?” 
“A bunch of things, but most of it's going to Mineros with you as bribe fodder,” Helmut complained, glancing at the sheriff. 
“That's the way this works,” Ortega informed him. 
“If this pans out,” Zinada confided to Helmut, “we'll be bringing back a whole lot more of it.”
“Along with your medicine,” he answered, putting his hand on her shoulder. “Take care, Zinada, and I wish you all the best of luck.” She gave him a quick embrace, then watched Silas riding Virn into the back of the van.
“Wish you could come with us,” she said to him as he flapped down to the ground, “but I guess you're in charge of defending the town, now. Use your power wisely.”
“I shall be their new god,” Silas chirped, causing Zinada a momentary flash of alarm until he squawked with laughter. 
“Don't let it go to your head,” she warned, stroking his feathers affectionately. She then noticed Chris had taken the centre seat up front, so she said goodbye to Silas and zipped in front of Lyrik before she could climb in next to the sheriff, shouting “Shotgun!”
“Oh lovely, I get to sit in the back with your mechanical friend,” Lyrik remarked with little enthusiasm. Once they were all aboard, Echo took the wheel and drove them around the back of the hotel, avoiding the crowds of tents and other vehicles. 
Zinada saw farmer McVeigh on the outskirts of town as they went past, watching old Guss still working in the fields, but now assisted by plenty of other people with time on their hands. Echo sped up as they finally had a clear run at the road ahead, which had Zinada thinking more about what was to come. 
“Any thoughts on how we might get a meeting with Addison?” she asked Sheriff Ortega.
“It's not likely we'll be able to speak with her directly,” he responded. “We'll be lucky to get someone other than a minor bureaucrat to listen to us.”
“How is this going to work, exactly?” Echo asked.
“We stop at the gate when asked,” Chris explained. “The van's armoured, but without weapons it won't pose much of a threat. They'll want to inspect the contents before we go in, but we're bringing in salvage which is always welcome.
“I have an old friend, Haruki Kimura. He was rising through the ranks when I opted out, so he might still be working security. If he's still around, he owes me a favour.”
“And if he's not?” Zinada inquired, noticing that Lyrik was moving things around in the back to make herself more comfortable.
“That's what the salvage is for. We bribe our way in.”
“Good enough. Then what?” Echo prompted.
“Assuming Haruki can help us, we get information on where recent salvage is being stored. They can't be stripping whole towns without some place to store it all. We go there at night and deal with the guards, get inside and take what we need. You lot can take care of that, I'll speak with someone higher up to see if a meeting can be arranged. There's not much more to it than that. If it goes well, we can be out of there before dusk tomorrow, sooner if the meeting doesn't happen.”
“That's a lot of 'maybes' in there,” Echo warned, sounding pessimistic. “Don't take this the wrong way, but I'm going to develop a backup plan.”
“I'd be shocked if you didn't,” Chris responded. The van rattled along the road at speed for the next hour, with no sign of anyone else around. Zinada had expected to see patrols or more stragglers heading to Kismet, but the roads were deserted.
“Should we be worried about how quiet it is out here?” she asked nobody in particular.
“A little,” Chris conceded, shifting in his seat. “Just keep your eyes peeled.” They travelled on, buffeted by high winds and lashed with bursts of heavy rain over the next couple of hours. They passed through the town of Oberon, which was not only deserted, but stripped of just about anything indicating people had once lived here. 
“I hope this isn't the future of Kismet we're looking at,” Zinada said quietly, feeling pensive about their situation. 
“Not if we're successful,” Chris remarked, still sounding resolute. Onwards they travelled, seeing more signs of recent conflict as they went. Burned out cars on the side of the road, bodies left to rot, and trees demolished by weapons fire. The tiny hamlet of Jasala, not far south of Mineros, had been reduced to scorched earth with nothing visible remaining except ashen ground.
With tension in the van mounting, they pressed on for the final leg of their journey. Three times they were passed by slick-looking vehicles, patrols from Mineros that prowled the roads. Echo had been ready to make a run for it, but they must have been too busy on another assignment to bother with an old junker like the Conveyor. 
Finally, as they passed over a bridge, the heavy forest they’d been travelling through opened out to reveal towering buildings of glass and steel rising above the landscape. The tallest of them had holographic displays playing images that were too small to make out at this distance, except for one that had the Maddox Technologies logo in large, red letters. 
The road led to a large, fortified gate in a very imposing wall, with a queue of vehicles lined up out front, awaiting access, and as they closed in, Zinada spotted weapons in the hand of every guard.
“Keep cool, and we'll get through this,” Chris assured, them, though Zinada was definitely entertaining second thoughts about this entire endeavour. 

23
Mineros

“Pull over here,” Chris instructed. Echo complied, easing the van to the side of the road roughly fifty metres from the back of the queue leading into the city. “We should be in range of the local network. Zin, can I borrow your earpiece?” She took hers off and handed it to the sheriff, who tapped on the tiny controls with his meaty fingers.
“Here's where we find out if my old codes still work,” he mumbled.
“What if they don't?” Zinada asked, watching as her AR visor showed an open communication line on its display.
“Then we turn and run,” Chris answered as he lifted the earpiece to his mouth. Echo touched a control on the dashboard and the sound from their communicators was broadcast over the van's speakers. 
“This is C26,” Chris grunted, “requesting a direct line with Southgate Actual.”
“Wait one,” came a belated response. A few seconds later, another voice spoke over the comms.
“Southgate Actual, go.”
“I got a situation developing here and I need authorisation to deal with it,” Chris said in a voice Zinada thought of as his 'professional cop' tone. “Put me through to Kimura.”
“Not seeing any 'situation' out there C26,” the officer replied, sounding annoyed. “Please deal with it and stop bothering me.”
“Don't sass me, son,” Chris responded harshly, “I got a car full of ferals to deal with here, so you put me through to Kimura right fucking now, or you'll wear the consequences.” The line was silent for more than a few seconds, with Zinada unconsciously clutching the seat with her hands.
“Front line guards never want to take direct responsibility themselves,” Chris explained while on mute with the officer. “They'll always kick it up the chain of command.” Several more seconds passed before a third voice came in loud and clear over the speakers.
“This is Captain Kimura, who is this?”
“I need a pizza sent to the seventh car in the queue, with extra cheese and definitely no olives,” Chris drawled. Zinada's eyes almost popped out of her head, but she relaxed when she heard the response.
“...Chris, is that you?” 
“Yep,” Ortega answered. “I have something important to discuss, but not over comms. Can we meet?” More silence ensued before the answer came.
“Head to the deployment gate in Y sector. We'll talk there.” 
“Turn right, follow the wall,” Chris instructed Echo before exhaling in relief. 
“Nicely done,” Lyrik remarked from behind them. “You've quite a way with words, which I confess I wasn't expecting.”
“I'm full of surprises,” Chris responded, turning to wink at her. The van jostled around on rough ground as they headed for the other gate. It was only a couple of minutes away, but it gave Zinada time to peer up at the imposing wall next to them. It was concrete and not crumbled with age, indicating they'd made it in recent times.
“This is where military units enter and egress,” Chris explained as the gate loomed ahead. It slid open on their approach, appearing to be over thirty centimetres thick and was reinforced with steel bars. The van turned inside, revealing vehicle bays with various sleek machines being worked or preparing to depart. 
Zinada recognised a few of them to be similar to the ones Archie and his crew had used against Kismet, being worked on with some very high-tech equipment. Her visor identified several makes and models, none of which made much sense to her, but it also let her know there was a lot of communications coming and going from an office further along.
“Puts our little operation to shame, doesn't it,” Zinada remarked wistfully. Not far ahead, a group of ten well-armed guards stood blocking another large gate, which probably lead inside the city itself. A turret with a heavy weapon of some kind swivelled to point at the van.  An officer was standing in front of the armed group beneath it, and as the Conveyor approached, he raised his hand and the guards levelled their weaponry at them. 
Echo slowed to a stop and the officer walked forward. He was lean, with wary eyes and a stern demeanour. His uniform looked old and worn, but it was still serviceable. 
“Let's step out and talk,” Chris nudged Zinada, who opened her door and hopped outside, catching herself as her legs buckled beneath her. “Are you okay?” Chris asked out of concern.
“I'm good,” she responded, stifling the urge to moan in pain. The muscles in her legs felt weak and the stabbing sensation when she tried to put weight on them took her breath away. She managed to stand as Kimura came around the side, and Chris got out to meet him.
“I can hardly believe it,” Kimura said as he looked at the sheriff. 
“How are you doing, Harry?” Chris responded. “I've hardly changed but you're what, a captain now? Who'd you have to bump off to make that happen?”
“Accidents happen all the time around here, you know that,” Kimura explained. “What the hell are you doing back here?”
“Can we talk in private?” 
“Yeah, step into my office,” Kimura suggested, gesturing for them to head through a nearby doorway. Chris turned and leaned into the van to offer a little friendly advice.
“Stay cool, we'll be right back.”
“We're not going anywhere,” Echo replied, not taking his eyes from the guards ahead. 
“You can stay in the van if you need to,” Chris whispered to Zinada, who shook her head. He nodded in understanding, then they followed Kimura into the office, where he closed the door behind them. 
It was small and efficient, with a desk and a number of holographic screens hovering above it showing security camera footage in the area. A red 'access denied' sign appeared on Zinada's visor when she looked at the screens, which it had apparently been trying to access.
“Alright you old thug, what's this about?” Kimura asked as he sat on the desk. 
“Things are getting crazy out there, Harry,” Ortega explained. 
“You think I don't know that?” the officer shot back. “I didn't sign up to this job to help start a war, but that's what's happened.”
“It needs to stop,” Zinada chimed in. 
“Who's this?” Kimura asked Chris after giving her a cursory glance.
“A spokesperson for Kismet,” he explained. 
“Nice little town that,” Harry remarked. “I like a bit of Kismet cheddar now and then. I don't suppose I'll be seeing any of that for a while.”
“You can if we put a stop to all this nonsense,” Zinada suggested. “Hell, I'll make sure you get as much cheese as you want.”
“You see that, Harry?” Chris added. “Got yourself a sweet deal already. What we need is to speak with someone higher up the food chain. Can you arrange that, Captain?”
“You know how it works around here,” Kimura drawled. “Anyone who sticks their neck out is likely to get it chopped off. What I can tell you is this operation is coming right from the top.”
“The Executive?” Chris asked.
“That's right,” Harry confirmed. “Addison is personally overseeing it, and she's in no mood for push-back from lowly middle-management types like me. And yeah, I like my job and don't want to end up back out on the street.”
“Do you have any idea why she's doing all this?” Zinada pressed. 
“There's some big project going on in D sector,” Kimura explained with a shrug. “That's where they do all their top-secret developments. This one's so big, they expanded it into E sector. They're chewing up a huge number of old parts, as many as they can get their hands on. The real hot-ticket item is pre-Fall circuitry though, they literally can't get enough of it.
“Addison wanted to dismantle a few major buildings in the city, but the other factions weren't having a bar of it. They usually do what the Executive wants, but in this case, they'd be facing riots in the streets.”
“So, Addison decided to strip frontier towns instead,” Zinada stated with anger boiling just below the surface. “Who cares if they protest or riot, hmm? They're out there, not in here.”
“Out of sight, out of mind,” Chris added soberly. 
“Yeah, so, good luck trying to change her mind,” Kimura warned in a voice that hinted he'd given up trying to change things long ago. 
“We have to try,” Zinada insisted. Kimura levelled a dour stare at her, but finally relented.
“I can run it up the chain of command and see what happens, but I'll need something to grease the wheels a little bit.”
“We have some stuff in the van you can use,” Zinada informed him. “Nothing spectacular, but it's not junk. And we have something they'll be very interested in, something they've been looking for.” She held out a container of Aeon, and Harry's eyes lit up.
“Where the hell did you find that?” Harry asked, receiving a nod from Zinada. 
“We get around,” she replied cryptically. 
“Interesting,” Harry mused. He took out an infopad from his desk, and used it to take a picture of the container. “If I show them this, it'll definitely turn some heads. I have to tread carefully though, or there might be some blowback.”
“Well, we wouldn't want that,” Ortega warned, making himself clear. Kimura nodded in understanding, then tapped a few buttons on his holographic display. 
“Here's a coded frequency you can use,” he said. “I'll talk to you on that channel only. Keep an ear out, I should have something for you within the hour, one way or the other.”
“Okay,” Chris said as he entered the code into his earpiece. “One other thing. A load of salvage was brought in from Solaris a couple of days ago. Any idea where it would have been stored?”
“J sector, in one of the warehouses,” Kimura suggested. “I have no idea which. Was there something specific in there?” 
“Medicines,” Zinada answered. Harry took a closer look at her and seemed to understand what she was saying.
“Right. Well, I wish I could be more specific, but I don't have any authority over there,” he said. “I suggest you make your own enquires, like how we did back in the day.”
“Yeah, all above board and completely legal,” Chris remarked with a nod. “I hope to hear from you about the other thing soonish.”
“I'll do what I can,” Harry answered, “but this makes us even, okay?” 
“Of course. You knew I'd come to collect someday, right?”
“Yep,” Harry grunted, focusing on the screen before him. Chris guided Zinada out of the room and headed back toward the van. Most of the guards that had been watching it were around the back, and the rear doors were open. 
Virn rolled out carrying boxes of salvage, which he was directed to put against the wall near the office. Something else had the guard's attention though, and the harmonic laughter of Lyrik gave Zinada an idea of what that was. 
Peering around the corner, she saw the xarani leaning against the inner wall of the cargo area, sensuously twirling her tendrils around with one hand. The guards seemed rapt, barely paying attention to anything else while she complimented each in turn.
“Such handsome humans,” she purred, “looking sharp in those uniforms. I bet nothing gets past you guys.”
“We're in control around here,” one of them assured her, a man who clearly thought he had a shot with Lyrik. “Nothing gets past without us knowing.”
“I feel safer already. Oh, hello Zinada, we're going already? Such a shame, I was hoping to get to know these fine gentlemen.”
“Maybe on the way back,” she said, appearing to reluctantly concede the point to play along. They stepped aside so Virn could roll back into the van, then Lyrik waved goodbye and blew kisses to the guards as she closed the door. Zinada and Chris climbed back in and waited for the next gate to open.
“Getting friendly with the locals?” Chris asked of Lyrik.
“They were looking at Virn like he was part of the deal, so I decided to take their mind off things before they could try and take him too,” she explained. “And it was fun.”
“Any attempt to take me would be met with lethal force,” Virn rumbled. 
“And also because of that,” Lyrik added. 
“Smart move, we don't want to be starting any fights,” Echo agreed. “Virn, don't engage unless ordered to.”
“Order confirmed,” Virn replied. Ahead, the gates finally slid open, revealing the city proper ahead. 
Echo slowly moved them forward onto the streets, which were mostly full of people walking around, and only the occasional vehicle. Humans were easily the most common, but a few xarani and Shikavans could be seen amongst the throng as well, mostly old or infirm. Zinada was suddenly distracted by her AR visor, which lit up with an array of new information. 
It had found a local network and was displaying data about restaurants that she might like to visit, business opening hours and transport networks she could use to get around. She turned her head to see a fancy nightclub on the visor, complete with a glowing sign overlaid on the premises she was looking at, only to see a run-down place that was occupied by scruffy-looking people who seemed lean and hungry. 
There was information shown to her that seemed to be a holdover from before the Event, revealing just how far the city had fallen since. Soaring towers mingled with shanty towns and old concrete structures huddled together, with garish neon signs lighting up the streets. Power lines crossed the streets on poles that were laden with connections. 
In spite of the roughshod appearance of the city, people still laughed and walked the streets, at least until an enforcer unit drove past, looking for troublemakers. 
“Welcome to Mineros,” Chris announced. “If you ever wondered what a city that had been destroyed and put back together again with scrap looked like, this is it. Boy, this takes me back,” he breathed, watching the streets outside the armoured van with cautious eyes. “I grew up around here, making a living any way I could.”
“Any way?” Lyrik asked from over the back seat.
“Except that,” Chris muttered. “My thing was running protection rackets for local businesses. Trouble is, I actually started to care about the job and went all-out to stop other thugs trying to muscle in on my turf. I was lucky to get out of there with my head still attached. Take the next left, Echo.” The android complied, avoiding drunken pedestrians who didn't seem to care if they were hit by a moving vehicle.
“This is so different to anything I've seen,” Zinada said, “except maybe Solaris. I figured they lived that way because they lacked the technology and skills to improve their lives, but here, they have all of that and they're still struggling.”
“They don't have as much as you think. Everything in this city is here to benefit the elite,” Chris further explained. “These people are a cheap workforce, much easier to use than the few worn-out old robots still hobbling around. These people are kept in check by a well-armed security system with trigger-happy enforcers, and though they might dress in old police uniforms, they're little more than thugs themselves. That's probably how I ended up joining them, it was the next step up from my old job.”
“This world never had real police,” Echo mentioned as he drove. “It was corporate colonised and owned, right from the start. The security here was the best money could buy.”
“Still is,” Ortega added cynically, “but the twist is, it's like only the worst parts of society survived the fall and they've taken over the place. The society is as makeshift as most anything else in this place.”
Aside from street lights and neon signs, there was no sign of any other technology around, except for an occasional large holographic screen on top of some buildings. Glancing up at a nearby screen, Zinada grew concerned when she saw footage of fires and conflict. 
“What is this I'm seeing?” she asked Chris, who looked to where she was pointing.
“News channel,” he replied, “or at least what passes for news around here. It's basically a propaganda broadcast. I... what the hell?” he blurted as they saw distinct images from towns in the countryside with scrolling text beneath them.
“Terrorists destroy the towns of Jasala and Oberon?” Zinada read aloud in open-mouthed shock. “Mineros forces sent in to restore order and ensure supplies. Several battles fought with violent opposition?”
“Shit,” Chris snarled, following that up with harsher language. 
“They're all lies!” Zinada hissed. 
“No kidding,” Echo remarked calmly. “We should have known they were going to bullshit their own citizens and use us as scapegoats.” 
“We're about to try and negotiate a deal with these people?” Lyrik added. “How can we trust anything they say?”
“Their public messages will be different to what's going on behind the scenes,” Chris suggested. “Maybe they'll spin some other lies about restoring towns to their rightful owners or some such. I don't really care, so long as we can make the deal. And yeah, if they break their word, we'll be fighting a war we can't win. Okay pull over here, this is the place.” 
The Conveyor eased to the side of the road, near an intersection. On the other side, vast warehouses stood in rows, with large vehicles dropping off recovered supplies. Zinada's visor showed security cameras present at regular intervals, watching the surrounding area closely, while only a few guards were present.
“I was expecting more security,” Zinada remarked. 
“If anyone watching through those cameras sees something they don't like,” Chris warned, “trucks with extra guards can show up at a moment's notice.”
“So, how do we want to do this?” Lyrik asked. 
“I think my credentials will still work,” Chris answered as his eyes scanned the scene. “Once we're through the gate, we need to access their system for specific information on where supplies are kept. Are you wedded to the idea of recovering your exact salvage?” he asked of Zinada.
“I know that's where my medicine is,” she answered, “but if we can find out information about other stashes of the stuff, that'd be fine too.”
“I think I can arrange that,” Echo responded. “I've got about two hours of charge left, so let's get to work.”
 
24
Heist

Echo eased the van up to the gate and stopped. The security station door a few metres away opened and a guard came through, cautiously approaching the door as Echo opened it. 
“You can't park that thing here,” the guard shouted, waving them off. Chris then got out of the van and walked towards him.
“I have orders from Captain Kimura to pick up a shipment for Y Sector,” he explained in his most professional voice, with enough boredom sprinkled in there to make it sound believable.
“You're from the garage? Why the hell are you driving this piece of crap?”
“We found it on our last deployment,” Chris explained, “and I stayed behind to drive it back. Don't let its appearance fool you, it's reliable and carries a ton of shit.”
“Whatever. I need to see your orders,” the guard warned, watching them suspiciously. 
“It's on the system, you should have them already,” Chris pointed out. “It's been running a bit slow today. Let's take another look.” He strode confidently towards the office, with the guard reluctantly allowing it. Once his back was turned, Echo sauntered after them, appearing as bored as the other guards, then disappeared into the office after the other two.
Zinada didn't hear any noise at all, but thirty seconds later, the gate opened and Chris waved them over. She eased herself out of the van and painfully made her way across the driveway to the office, with Lyrik following along after jumping out of the back. 
The sun had long since set and a steady rain had set in. People walked about in the streets, buying food from stalls or heading to their homes. It was hard for Zinada to put a finger on exactly what the city smelled like, but it seemed like a mixture of sweat, fried meat and something else, perhaps a tang of ozone.
“Just like that,” Chris murmured as Zinada entered the office, immediately noticing the guard slumped in his chair. 
“Don't worry, he's not dead,” Echo assured her while working at the holographic screen. 
“What about that?” Zinada asked, pointing at a camera looking into the office.
“It appears to have suffered a malfunction, right before the guard took a bit of a tumble,” Chris explained with a wink, holding up a small cable yanked from the camera.
“We won't have long before someone comes along to check on it,” Echo warned. He worked his way through the security system with inhuman speed, until he had access. “Alright, I'm timing the sweep of the security cameras and drones to allow us a gap to pass through without being noticed. It'll buy us some time, but not much.”
“If we can just grab what we came for, we won't need long,” Zinada responded.
“This is a mess,” Echo declared after a few seconds of further study. “Looks like they used to have an automated inventory system with robotic managers, but it's all been stripped out, probably for spare parts on their secret project.”
“Can you locate where our shipment went?” Zinada asked. 
“They gave up trying to keep track of acquisitions months ago,” Echo explained. “It appears they just drop everything off into a random warehouse, and others come through later to cherry-pick the things they need.”
Zinada ran a hand through her hair, feeling so close to finding her medicine, yet so far. Her hands trembled now, and her resting heart rate was definitely higher than an hour ago. She set aside her body's complaints and Lyrik's concerned look, and thought about their problem. Zinada glanced up at the camera, then looked outside, where her visor showed other cameras watching the approach to the warehouses. 
“Can you access security footage from the past few days?” Zinada asked. Echo tapped at the controls, revealing a huge list of video files to choose from.
“It'll take hours to go through all of this,” Chris grumbled. 
“There are sixteen warehouses here, just so you know,” Echo added blandly. “On the upside, we could pick any one and come away with some good equipment.”
“But maybe not my medicine,” Zinada reminded him. “What about their vehicles? Archie and his crew had those sleek black vans.”
“That's pretty much all they use around here,” Echo answered, bringing up multiple videos showing different teams with the same looking vehicles. “I figure they found a garage full of the things that had survived the Fall.” 
“Then Archie himself,” Zinada suggested after a few seconds of thought. “I haven't seen any other Shikava as big as he is. He should stand out of the crowd.” Echo worked at the controls, rapidly flicking through footage from the last few days, then brought up a result. 
“There he is, as big as life,” Lyrik remarked from the doorway. Zinada allowed herself a brief smile of triumph. There was no sound to accompany the image, but it was pretty clear Archie was throwing his weight around.
“That's warehouse six,” Echo said, “two days ago.”
“Let's go,” Zinada ordered. They were about to head back to the van, when an enforcement cruiser went past on the street outside the gate. Its spotlight was focused on a group of people gathered on a street corner, and a warning blared out from a speaker mounted on top, ordering them to disperse. 
The gathering quickly did so, but a few of them threw bricks and other garbage at the car, which prompted it to pursue them off down the street.
“Like I said,” Chris remarked, “things are tense.” They got back into the van and drove past each warehouse in turn, keeping an eye out for extra security patrolling the area. Echo kept their speed slow and even, timing their passing to the cameras that he'd set up to allow them to move through here like ghosts. He brought the van to a halt out the front of warehouse six, then backed it up to the large doors. 
Echo got out and went to the access panel and started working on it, while the others kept a nervous watch on their surroundings. The sound of tiny whirring blades could be heard as a security drone flew overhead, its attention apparently elsewhere as it disappeared into the distance. 
“What's taking so long?” Zinada hissed to Echo.
“This code is more difficult to break,” he answered without stopping. “Got it.” The huge doors suddenly cracked apart and slid open, revealing row after row of shelving laden with random parts, salvage and ancient devices in various states of disrepair, lit by a few flickering lights hanging from the ceiling.
“Jackpot,” Zinada breathed, her eyes glazing over at the prospect of all the salvage she could possibly want under one roof. 
“Do you need a moment alone with the treasure shed?” Lyrik teased, clearly not sharing Zinada's love of such things.
“I'm okay,” she whispered back. “We'd better get to work. Grab anything that looks valuable or functional. Lyrik, look out for medical supplies, especially Fibroxazine.” 
The earpiece Chris was using beeped suddenly, and he stepped back to speak to someone, most likely Harry, while the rest of them started sorting through the shelves. As Echo had suggested, the stock had been cherry-picked for prime items, leaving a lot of broken and filth-covered objects behind.
“Someone's taken the best stuff already,” she surmised, wincing at a flash of pain in her legs. “When scavenging, I'd always find a mix of things. You know, a broken infopad alongside a pair of shoes, that sort of thing.”
“Just grab anything,” Echo suggested. “I... wait, I found something interesting back here.” Chris came back inside at that moment and caught their attention.
“That was Harry, the meeting is set,” he announced. “It's only a couple of blocks from here, so we can walk it while the rest of you finish up here. Zinada, are you okay?”
“I really wanted to be in on that meeting,” she answered hesitantly, “but I'm going downhill pretty fast here. I need my medicine and it's here, somewhere.”
“Fair enough, I can handle this,” Chris responded. “Give me the Aeon and I'll take it from here.” Zinada pulled out the package of pills from a satchel, but hesitated.
“I'm having second thoughts,” she warned Chris. “We have very little leverage, and no reason to trust them. 
“I trust Harry to set me up with someone who might actually make a difference here,” Chris replied. “We have to at least give it a chance.” Zinada was conflicted from growing certainty that their counterpart wouldn't negotiate in good faith. 
“I shouldn't need to remind you we're on the clock,” Echo pointed out, continuing to work. Zinada finally relented and tossed Chris just one container of Aeon, which he caught in mid-air. 
“They can have the rest if we strike a deal,” Zinada instructed. 
“No arguments here,” Chris answered. “Are you coming?” he asked of Lyrik. 
“I'd better keep an eye on Zinada,” she answered. “I don't like the symptoms I'm seeing.”
“You should feel what it's like in my shoes,” Zinada said through clenched teeth. 
“Alright, I'll be in touch,” Chris said on his way out the door. “Work fast.” Echo nodded, then turned his attention back to the task at hand. 
“There's a pile of their fabricated firearms over here,” he remarked. “I guess they use this as a distribution point. Virn, load all of this up first.”
“Understood,” he rumbled, rolling over to pick up a crate of rifles. They worked for a few minutes, going through crates and boxes of stuff before Zinada finally found what she was looking for. 
“I think this is it,” she announced, opening a box that seemed familiar. There were plastic containers of various medicines she'd managed to recover from the bunker in Solaris, and she frantically started sifting through them, trying to find the right one.
“Quiet,” Echo suddenly ordered, prompting everyone to freeze in place and listen. The sound of footsteps approaching was barely audible, the distinctive sound of hard soles on wet concrete. Zinada ducked behind the shelf and drew her nail gun, while Lyrik crouched behind her. Virn had stopped and was scanning the area with Silas' sonic blaster levelled and ready to fire. 
Echo was more proactive, quickly and silently moving towards the entrance and putting his back against the edge of the door. He paused for a few seconds then, with his sword drawn, whirled around the corner and stabbed whoever was standing there.
There was barely a sound as the victim dropped, with Echo quickly clearing the scene before it attracted attention. 
“Patrol checking out the faulty cameras,” he warned when he came back inside. “Grab what you can, we have to go.” Zinada suddenly doubled over in pain, unable to move until the feeling finally subsided. It only lasted a few seconds, but it felt longer.
“Okay, you're done,” Lyrik stated, helping Zinada stand up straight. “You can sit the rest of this expedition out in the van.”
“I'll be fine, just take these boxes,” she gasped. “The meds are in there. We'll sort it out on the road.”
“I'll pack them, then be back for you,” Lyrik assured her with her voice that was both soothing and quiet. Zinada's condition was starting to get scary, and having someone along who genuinely cared was giving her strength. She grabbed the side of the shelf to steady herself while Lyrik carried the boxes into the van.
Virn was hauling armfuls of stuff with each run, moving as fast as his squeaking wheels would go, while Echo was being more surgical, finding interesting things in crates and carting them off. It was when Lyrik was on her way back that a loud shot went off inside the warehouse and something struck the wall behind her.
Zinada instinctively fell to the floor as more shots sparked off the shelves, shattered old pieces of salvage or punched holes in the rusty steel walls. An alarm blared throughout the compound, indicating their time was up. 
The lighting in the warehouse was uneven, giving their assailants plenty of shadow to hide in, but Zinada's visor highlighted everyone in sight with helpful outlines around people. Zinada held her nail gun with shaking hands, but didn't have a clear shot. Lyrik dashed back to the safety of the van's armoured doors and Virn's bulky frame, with shots ringing around her. 
“Zinada!” she called from behind Virn, who sat protectively in the back of the van. They were twenty metres away and Zinada couldn't run on her weakened legs. 
“I can't make it,” she cried, practically pinned down by gunfire. Echo, who had disappeared the moment the shots began, emerged from the shadows next to one of the guards with his sword leading the way. The body armour the man was wearing wasn't enough to stop the sharpened blade, which ran through his chest.  
With his other hand, Echo turned and fired a burst from his pistol at another guard, who took three hits and fell to the ground. There were others prowling around in the darkness who saw this, and immediately turned their attention to him. Behind them all though, was the bulky form of Archie, who didn't appear to be pleased at their reunion.
“I thought I recognised that piece of shit van,” he bellowed, bringing a very heavy looking gun to bear. “This is my pile of rusty crap, go find your own. Wait, this saves me the trouble of trying to hunt you down later. Okay, let's fight it out here.”
Echo took one look at the cannon pointed in his direction and whirled around, fleeing into the shadows as it erupted in a barrage of heavy shots, spraying them almost randomly around the warehouse. 
Zinada was flat on the ground, covering her ears from the deafening roar of the weapon, with bits of debris flying overhead. Echo returned fire with his pistol, while Virn took a number of impacts. He seemed intact, but one of his tracks had been damaged and he was having difficulty exiting the van. 
More guards flooded into the warehouse under the cover of Archie's fire, many of them Shikavans carrying sledge hammers, swords and other big weapons. Echo seemed to take in the scene and came to a logical conclusion.
“Get out, run,” he called, waving Lyrik and Virn away while also speaking to Zinada. He didn't repeat his command, instead firing the last shots he had in his pistol to drop three guards in sequence, then rushing in with his sword. Half of the guards were forced to engage him, but the others moved in on the van, with their weapons firing at Virn.
“Zinada!” Lyrik called, but there was no way to help each other. 
“Get out of here!” she cried back, knowing it was pointless for them to stay. The soldiers were close enough for Virn's sonic blaster to start hitting them, but it wasn't going to be enough against so many. With adrenaline pumping hard, Zinada managed to raise her nail gun and pull the trigger, sending a burst of nails at the nearest guard, pinning him to the wall.
It was enough of a distraction to allow Lyrik to climb over the seat into the driver's position. The van suddenly lurched forward, swerving to avoid another building and disappearing as it turned towards the exit. 
Echo was keeping the guards busy, cutting down the closest of them with precision strikes, while some at the back of the group continued taking pot shots at him. He was hit by three shots in the span of a few seconds, but didn't slow down in his dance of death. Zinada caught a glance from him in the middle of it all, a look that said 'go'. 
Stifling the urge to cry out, she pushed her aching body as hard as she could, moving towards the back of the warehouse, into the darker sections searching for another way out. The sound of Echo's sword striking metal indicated he'd met the shikavan warriors, who combined their efforts to overwhelm the android's defences. 
Zinada heard some crushing impacts and flinched each time, knowing Echo was being pounded into scrap. She found a back door to the place and crashed through it into the open air, far from the fighting, but she heard the report from Archie's cannon once more before the sounds of fighting stopped. 
With her heart almost exploding out of her chest, Zinada half-stumbled, half-jogged towards the rough fence surrounding the warehouses. She gasped for breath as she clambered onto it and reached up, grabbing the top of the old metal fence to pull herself up and over. In the distance, near the front of the facility she saw sleek, black vehicles pursuing the Conveyor as it sped into the night. 
Zinada fell onto the other side of the fence and lay on the ground, alone, exhausted, in agony and with no idea what to do next.

25
Streets

As much as Zinada wanted to lay there and rest, the Mineros Enforcers were just on the other side of the fence, far too close for comfort. Gritting her teeth, she struggled back to her feet and stumbled away along the dark alleyway she found herself in. She reached for her earpiece to check in with the others, but remembered she had given it to Chris, cutting her off from everyone else. 
Knowing Archie's thugs could be in pursuit, Zinada kept moving to put as much space between her and them as possible. It must have been close to ten minutes stumbling through the wet conditions, before she finally fell to the ground next to a pile of refuse and couldn't get back up. She stared up at the cloudy sky as light rain continued to fall, watching as drones flew overhead.
Needing cover from the elements and the eyes in the sky, Zinada glanced around and saw large concrete buildings, old industrial sites that appeared to be still in use. Light seeped through gaps in boards covering the windows, hinting that people were inside. 
From what Sheriff Ortega had said, most of the citizens of Mineros were being crushed under the boots of the powerful, but there was no way of knowing if someone Zinada spoke with was going to hand her in for a reward, or help her out. 
Needing time to catch her breath, she rolled over and crawled to a sheltered alcove on one of the buildings where she could rest for a while. A pile of half-rotten cardboard boxes was stacked within, giving her something to sit on other than cold concrete. 
Trying not to think about the pain in her limbs, Zinada closed her eyes for a while and tried to clear her mind. Echo was likely dead, or destroyed, depending on whether someone thought of him as a man or a fancy robot. Despite their short time together, Zinada felt a genuine sense of loss she never thought she'd feel for a machine. 
There was no telling whether or not Chris had been ambushed, taken prisoner, or similarly killed. Zinada spat curses under her breath for being so stupid to think they could bluff their way in here and try to negotiate with these people. They saw what they wanted and took it, without a care in the world. 
The chances of Zinada tracking down Lyrik and Virn were remote, at best. If Lyrik had any sense at all, they would abandon the van and hide as she was doing. Either that, or they had been already caught, and given the number of security cameras in the city, that seemed the most likely outcome. 
After half an hour or so, the rain eased and finally stopped, and Zinada was starting to feel a little better. The pain was constant now, but she had recovered enough of her strength to move once more.  Slowly getting back on her feet, she realised it would be better to hide the Aeon rather than risk being caught with it. Spotting a bent old pot in the alley, she lifted it and stuffed the satchel with its two containers into it, and hoped she would remember where it was. 
Zinada then walked gingerly down the alley towards the street ahead, hearing the sound of people talking and living in the city. This wasn't how she had pictured the place at all. Supposedly a beacon of technology and one of the last remaining slivers of the old world, Mineros was filthy, dark and rough around the edges to say the least. The people Zinada passed on the street seemed thin, with a look of desperation in their eyes. 
Initially afraid of being turned in, Zinada found that she fitted in perfectly with the crowd. Her ragged old jeans and jacket were barely holding together, but weren't far off from what others were wearing. She walked the streets at random for maybe half an hour, ducking into alleyways when an enforcer's car glided past, or if the crowd ahead seemed a bit rowdier than usual. 
People with nothing better to do sat outside their squat, ugly buildings, or on balconies overlooking the street. The pulse of moody music came from one of the apartments, a slightly distorted track played on a device that sounded like it was just about to fall to pieces.  
The smell of hot food from ahead drew Zinada in, and she realised she hadn't eaten anything since noon. A vendor in a small cart was frying up food that smelled enticing, though it might have just been her hunger doing that. 
The queue was short, for despite the local's obvious hunger, food cost money. The vendor was an older man with a shaggy beard and heavy overcoat, who looked at her with wary eyes.
“I'll have whatever's going,” Zinada said, digging out a few plastic coins from her pocket. 
“Nice to see a new customer,” he answered in a deep, dry voice, flipping a patty on his grill into a bun, then stuffing it with vegetables. “Five creds.”
She handed over a coin and sank her teeth into the burger. After taking a few bites, she actually took the time to wonder what it was. 
“Mhrpm,” she mumbled, pointing at the burger.
“Don't worry, it's a tofu burger,” the vendor answered with a half-smile creeping onto his face. “I'm not cooking up human steaks, in case you're wonderin'. I grow it all back there, in my place, 'cept for the bun. Hydroponics. Just don't tell the cops I steal the juice from on high.” Zinada looked where he was pointing, and saw a bunch of cables going from the building behind him to a nest of wiring in a post on the street. 
“Fancy glasses you got there,” the vendor remarked. “What's your name?”
“Zinada.”
“Well hello Zinada, you can call me Clarence. You from uptown?”
“No, outside the city,” she replied quietly. 
“Oh, I hear lots of places out there gettin' hit by raids lately, you know anythin' about that?” he inquired.
“Nope, not a thing,” Zinada answered with a shake of her head. 
“You're a bad liar,” he chuckled. “You don't look so good either. You got a condition or somethin'?”
“Something like that.”
“Join the club. Just about everyone you see here has somethin' goin' on. Diabetes, lung infections, some even got cancer. Few doctors around for us regular folks these days, so don't feel alone, friend. We're all dyin' one way or another.”
“That doesn't really help,” Zinada drawled between mouthfuls. The sound of something being smashed from the other end of the street caught their attention. People were caving in the front of a shop and taking whatever was on its shelves. It started with just a few, but then more onlookers dropped what they were doing and rushed over to grab something. 
Zinada moved to the other side of the stall for cover, both to stay out of sight, and to avoid any randomly thrown bricks that might head her way. 
 “Why are things so bad here?” she asked. 
“'Cause them at the top got to have it all,” Clarence explained, leaning in closer. “Things have been tough as long as I can remember, and I've been around a while. Whole city was in chaos in the years after the Fall, and I suppose we should feel lucky we have a place to live. But those that took power back in the day? They're still in charge, and they put the boot on our necks good and hard. Bunch of thugs if you ask me, thugs in suits.”
Two enforcement cars sped up the street, quickly dispersing the looters. Shots rang out from the cars, mostly to scare people off, but one person was hit in the leg and dragged to safety by someone else. Zinada kept her head down until the situation calmed and the cars sped off in pursuit. 
“Been going on for months now,” Clarence explained as he cleaned his grill. “Ever since the Executive started pulling down buildings for parts. Anyone who got in the way was sent to a labor camp.”
“What do you think's going on?” Zinada asked curiously.
“I got no idea,” he chuckled. “I'm just keepin' my head down as best I can.” The street lit up from the building opposite Zinada, who looked up to see a large screen with images of fighting happening in one of the towns outside the city. It was more propaganda, showing Mineros' forces battling people in houses made from old vehicles welded together.
“That's all lies – it's Mineros attacking those towns,” Zinada insisted. 
“Most of us know that,” Clarence assured her. “They do this every time things look bad in the city, tryin’ to shift blame to some outsiders. ‘You’re going hungry because of barbarians in the wastes stealing food’. ‘The power’s out because of terrorists’. After decades of this shit, you start to figure things out, you know?
“Sure, a few go along with the lies, but they’re just lookin' to curry favour from those at the top, tryin' to be the next generation of loyal thugs so they can get a bigger slice of the pie. Oh, and don't think I can't see that look in your eye. You're about to suggest we rise up and revolt.”
“Well, not anymore I'm not,” she muttered.
“Life may be a bucket of shit, but it's better than bein' dead. You seen those new weapons the enforcers got? Firearms they call 'em. We've got literal sticks and stones. That's the shortest fight in history, right there.”
Zinada noticed a dull humming sound from above and looked up to see a flying vehicle of some sort, and it appeared to be armed. Her visor identified a camera mounted underneath the vehicle had just taken a picture of her.
“Oh shit,” she hissed, turning away far too late. 
“Look,” Clarence said, “I don't know who you are or why you're here, but I think it's best you keep movin'. Anyone they take an interest in is likely trouble for them up top, and they've seen you now.”
Before she could respond, the flashing words 'incoming signal' appeared on her visor. It took a few tries to figure out how to answer it, but ended up blinking while looking at the 'accept' option on her screen. The image of a neatly-dressed man of indistinct age appeared in a little box in the corner. 
“Zinada Fierro, I presume?” the man said, with the sound coming directly into her ears from vibrations along the visor's frame. “Don't answer, I already know it's you. Please forgive this intrusion, but your associate, Christopher Ortega is with me and says you have something we want.”
“Who are you?” Zinada asked while moving a little off the street to avoid attracting attention. 
“I am called Sigma,” he replied, “and I am the one who has Christopher's life in my hands, so I suggest you co-operate. I want you to bring me the containers of Aeon in your possession.”
“Let me speak to Chris,” Zinada ordered, in no mood to be pushed around. The view changed to show Ortega tied to a chair, gagged with a piece of cloth in his mouth. He couldn't speak, but he did shake his head furiously to let Zinada know what she should do.
“As you can see, he is still very much alive,” Sigma remarked as the image switched back to him. “I propose an exchange – the Aeon for your friend.”
“And the remains of Echo Nine,” Zinada added. “And I want you to call off your dogs chasing down my friends in the Conveyor, too.”
“That can be arranged,” Sigma assured her. “Give me the Aeon, and you and your associates can leave the city in peace. Bring it to Maddox Tower in the centre of the city, roughly thirty minutes walk from your current location. If you like, I could send a car to pick you up.”
“Alright, you've got a deal,” Zinada agreed, knowing she probably couldn't make the journey in her condition. 
“Then stay where you are, and I will see you soon.” The transmission ended and winked out of her visor's screen. Zinada turned to see Clarence packing up his cart as fast as he could.
“What's wrong?” she asked.
“They found you, and you were lookin' at me,” he explained. “No offence girl, but I need to get off the street for a while.”
“Sorry if I made things difficult for you,” she apologised, removing the visor and switching it off. Clarence paused for a few seconds to look back at her, and said his final words.
“Whatever you got goin' on, I hope you make it through. If possible, give 'em a black eye for me, okay?” 
“I don't have much time left, but I'm going to finish what I came here for,” she answered. With that, he pushed his cart back into his house and closed the door, with the sound of deadbolts locking into place afterward. The sound of a car pulling up next to her caught Zinada's attention, and she turned to see the leering grin of Archie leaning out the passenger window.
“Look, I know we got off on the wrong foot,” he rumbled, but Zinada ignored him, opened the door to the rear passenger seat and got in. The interior was simple and practical, and comfortable in spite of appearing quite worn. Archie signalled the driver to go, and the car sped away through the streets, with the tall, imposing visage of Maddox Tower ahead getting closer with each passing second.
“I can't help but notice you seem upset with me,” Archie went on. 
“You murdered my friend,” Zinada answered curtly. 
“Well, yes, if you consider 'murdered' the same as 'dismantled', and 'friend' the same as 'appliance'.”
“Echo Nine was a better man than you'll ever be,” Zinada shot back, her persistent pain giving her a short temper.
“I'm not a man, I'm a Shikava,” Archie pointed out. “But given he's now a pile of scrap, I'd say I more closely resemble a man than he does.”
“Do you have to talk? I'd rather you didn't,” Zinada growled.
“Just bein’ friendly is all,” Archie responded. “Breaking the ice, as it were. I gotta say, I have a lot of respect for you, evading capture and still being alive and such. Well, not a lot of respect – let's go with some respect. Respect and anger with you for getting away from me. Just between you and me? I'm really annoyed that Sigma wants to see you in one piece. I don't normally provide a taxi service.” 
Zinada ignored his remarks and watched the streets going past outside the armoured glass. This close to Maddox Tower, the surrounding structures appeared to be in much better condition than those further out towards the walls. Lighting was constant and reliable, there was little or no clutter in the streets, and people appeared to have clothing that was mostly intact.
“Well, here we are,” Archie announced as they pulled up out the front of Maddox Tower. He got out and opened the door for Zinada, reaching in and grabbing her by one arm to pull her out. She gasped in pain at the rough treatment, but he didn't seem to notice or care. 
A set of low, wide stairs ascended before them, leading to a foyer visible through armoured glass doors. Dark red carpets lined the floor, and down-lights installed at regular intervals in the ceiling provided dramatic lighting. 
In the middle of the foyer stood Sigma. His features were unremarkable, his dark hair neatly combed, and he was dressed in an expensive suit, appearing like some sort of butler. Some mild scratching on his skin indicated he was an android, which would explain the quiet menace he exuded. He waited patiently for Archie to half-drag Zinada through the doors before speaking.
“Welcome, Zinada Fierro,” he said, speaking with precision and aplomb. “Archie, please treat our guest with respect.”
“I was just talking about how much I respect her,” he protested, finally letting her arm go. She clutched it with her other hand, waiting for the dull ache to subside. 
“Do you have it?” Sigma asked.
“It's someplace safe,” Zinada assured him. Sigma glared at her for a second before turning an accusing eye to Archie.
“You didn't even check if she had the medicine on her?”
“I was asked to pick her up on the way here, and I did just that,” Archie responded defensively. 
“You'll get it when I have Chris, Echo and myself in our van, on our way home,” Zinada explained, though she was having trouble speaking clearly. 
“One moment,” Sigma said, turning away and speaking quietly. Zinada spotted a wireless communicator on one ear, and knew he probably had a direct line to Kameira Addison herself. The reception area was just past him, and on the wall behind that polished wooden desk were holographic pictures of Dylan Maddox, taken at some sort of press event. There were five pictures in all, usually with him standing in front of one of his achievements. 
“We agree to your terms,” Sigma finally said to Zinada once his call was done. “Please come with me.” She followed him to the elevator and stepped inside, feeling a sense of finality as the doors silently slid shut behind them.

26
Tower

“I'll take that,” Archie rumbled, relieving Zinada of her nail gun. She didn't even protest or respond, given that she had no chance of fighting her way out of this, even if she wanted to. Archie tucked it into his belt, and Zinada noticed he also had Echo Nine’s sword sheathed on his hip as well. 
“Little mementos,” Archie rumbled when he noticed her looking at them. 
The elevator ascended smoothly, operating as well as the day it was made. Given the destruction the rest of the city had gone through, Zinada wondered just how much salvage and work it took to get this place back into near-original condition. 
The interior walls of the elevator were made of glass, and once they passed the fifth floor, the building's outer walls were also glass, affording them a breathtaking view of the city as they continued ascending. The well-lit streets and buildings ended only a few hundred metres away, and after that, darkness reigned on the streets, highlighting the divide between the haves and have-nots in the rebuilt city. Zinada became aware that Sigma was looking at her, so she turned and levelled a stare right back at him.
“You appear unwell,” he remarked with disdain. “Do you have any contagious diseases I should be aware of?”
“Nothing you need to worry about,” she replied blandly. 
“My concern is not for myself, but for those you might come into contact with.”
“Like me?” Archie wondered.
“I doubt human illness is something you need to concern yourself with,” Sigma told him. 
“It's not contagious,” Zinada insisted. “Don't you have tech to scan me for that sort of thing?”
“Of course,” Sigma responded. “In times past, the building itself would have detected any dangerous materials and substances upon entry, but we will have to make do with a close-up scan at the infirmary.”
“Life must be so difficult for you,” she remarked sarcastically as the elevator slowed and stopped its ascent. The doors slid open, revealing a glass-lined hallway with a number of grey metal doors leading off from it. 
Sigma led Zinada along the corridor to the far door, mindful of her slow walking pace. The sound of a woman's voice grew louder as they approached, though it wasn't until the door opened that Zinada could make out what it was she’d been speaking about.
They entered a large room perhaps twenty metres across. Desks with an array of computer systems set up lined the walls, and a few benches with various tools and parts were placed at regular intervals through the centre of the room. It was mostly dark, with only a few ceiling lights illuminating each bench. 
Next to one of these benches was a chair, in which some kind of high-tech machinery had been placed. Zinada gasped when she realised she was looking at what was left of Echo, showing extensive damage to his outer body revealing the true nature of his construction underneath.
One arm was completely smashed, and one leg had been blasted off. His face had fared better, being mostly intact and visibly him, but one eye was gone his jaw hung at a weird angle. Cables ran from not just his chest cavity, but to the back of his head, and the holographic screen next to him covered in machine code.
The woman who had been speaking stood near Echo, with her back to Zinada. She was fairly tall, wore fine clothing, and her dark hair was pulled back into a tail. Two men in white coats were seated at their terminals, operating the system to her commands.
“You're supposed to be the experts on this, yes?” the woman said to her technicians. “Need I remind you that I helped design this system, and you can most definitely crack that encryption using the key I supplied.” 
“Executive,” Sigma interrupted politely, catching the attention of the dark-haired woman. She turned to look at the new arrivals and Zinada was struck by a sense of familiarity. The woman was fair, with fine features and piercing blue eyes, the same as Zinada had seen on the footage Lyrik had shown back in Solaris.  
“Ah, you're here,” she remarked, and Zinada was taken aback by how she sounded just like she did in the video from over eight decades ago. There was, of course, only one way that was possible.
“You're Dylan Maddox's wife,” Zinada responded. 
“Not for a long time, actually,” came the response. “I go by my maiden name these days. Ms Addison if you like, Kameira to my friends. But how would you know of me?”
“I saw video of you with Dylan at Solaris before the Fall,” Zinada explained as the pieces fell into place. “You've used Aeon to prolong your life all this time.”
“Why yes, that's what it does,” Kameira remarked with the faintest smile. “You mean you've had almost my entire stockpile all this time and only figured that out?”
“I figured you were some old fossil, but I didn't know you were going to be connected to Maddox himself,” Zinada answered. Kameira's eyes narrowed at the insult
“He was a brilliant man, ahead of his time,” she said quietly, “and his death during the Event was a loss to all of humanity. Still, he was difficult to live with, as one can expect with genius, and part of me was relieved to be free of the burden of playing the good and loyal wife.” She glanced back at Echo's body, then looked to Archie.
“I told you not to injure them,” she admonished.
“You did, that's true,” Archie conceded. “The thing of it is, it killed eight of my men, including one of me cousins, so I had to knock it on its arse. But we aimed low, so as to keep the brain thingy intact. I mean, what more do you need from a computer with legs? You know, I used to have this old junk bot that cleaned things –”
“And what about her?” Kameira impatiently interrupted, nodding towards Zinada. “She looks like you broke one of her arms, or something.”
“I just pulled her out of the car, nice and gentle,” Archie protested. “I can’t help if she came apart in me hands.”
“She appears to have a condition,” Sigma pointed out. 
“Is that so?” Kameira asked Zinada, catching the attention of one of her technicians, who picked up a little gadget from the bench and pointed it at Zinada. It looked familiar to the one Lyrik had used to perform a medical scan, but appeared to work at a distance.
“Not really any of your business,” Zinada responded with thinly veiled anger. 
“Well, I was going to have Sigma torture you for a while to get you to talk, but you appear to be self-torturing,” Kameira said as she looked over her technician's shoulder to peer at the results on his device.
“It's very convenient,” Archie remarked. 
“Howell’s Dystrophy,” Kameira said with a tinge of clinical curiosity. “My my, that's a terrible way to go. Very painful.”
“I'm here to negotiate a deal,” Zinada growled. “So, can we stop with the bullshit and get to it?”
“You seem like a bright young woman,” Kameira remarked, walking slowly around her to take in her appearance. “Going through some hard times apparently, but definitely not stupid. Am I correct to assume you left the rest of the Aeon in a safe place before coming here?”
“Yes, and you'll get it once Echo, myself and Sheriff Ortega are safely out of here,” Zinada warned. 
“This may be acceptable, so long as Christopher also hands over the container he teased us with at the meeting. He probably thought he was being clever, leaving it in a safe place before showing up.”
“Where is he?” Zinada insisted. A light came on near the other side of the room, showing Chris gagged and tied to a chair, watching the proceedings in silence. His head had some blood and bruises on it, but he otherwise seemed fine.
“There, as promised,” Kameira suggested. “I don't particularly care about any of you, so if you leave here alive or dead, it's of no concern to me. But I must have the Aeon.”
“So you can go on living and crushing this city to death?” Zinada challenged. 
“I saved this city,” Kameira shouted back, indicating Zinada had touched a nerve. “After the Fall, Mineros was in absolute ruins. Only this building was still standing, and it was a hollowed-out wreck. You weren't there like I was, forced to try and stitch a whole society back together after it had torn itself apart. 
“Do you even know how hard it was for people to relearn basic things like sewing, farming and carpentry? In the old world, everything was automated until one day, it all failed. You see, there are certain skill sets that were almost lost when it all fell apart, but a few, like me, remember how to build big. 
“I used to do it all, back in the day. Infrastructure, technology, pharmaceuticals, you name it, I had my finger in every pie. Leave it to the rabble and this planet will devolve into a mass of savagery in no time. No, you might hate me for my privilege and success, but without me, you'd be living hand-to-mouth in a ditch. 
“It took twenty-six years to get this building back into the condition you see it today, and we had to fight through years of near-starvation, wars and chaos to do it. Don't you come in here and lecture me on hard living – you haven't experienced five percent of what I've been through.”
“So, now that you've built yourself a tower on top of eight decades of blood and conquest, you want more?” Zinada pressed, not backing down in the face of Addison's self-righteous fury, in spite of her racing heart. “People out in the countryside are an inconvenience for you, so you just want to grind them into the dirt?”
“Funny you should bring that up,” Kameira sneered, “given how that's all your fault. Yours and that fool Casimir who stole from me in the first place.”
“The Aeon?” Zinada blurted. “What, you can't get your meds, so you have to destroy the country to get them back?”
“You've been taking Fibroxazine for years – it's the only way you could still be alive with Howell’s Dystrophy,” Kameira pointed out. “Yet, a few days without them, and you look as though you're about to topple over. We're not so different, you know. We both depend on rare medicines to survive, and we want the best for society. But the thing about Aeon is, the longer you're on it, the more you depend on it. How old do you think I am?” 
“At least a century,” Zinada guessed, “though it could be more.”
“I'm two hundred and twenty years old,” Kameira stated through clenched teeth, to Zinada's astonishment. “Dylan and I were guiding this world from a paradise found in the stars, to a second earth for our people. We were there almost from the start, when his father was running the show, and even though Dylan died during the Event, I intend to go on until the task is complete.”
“Not if you don't get more Aeon,” Zinada remarked. “You have a lot of salvaged medical tech here though. Can't you make more?”
“It is exceedingly difficult to produce, and was never made on this world, only imported,” Kameira explained, calming down a little. “One tablet a day and you'll never age, or experience ill health of any kind. A scientific miracle from centuries ago, yet so difficult and expensive to make that only a few were ever able to get their hands on it.”
“So there wasn't a lot around, and you're about to run out,” Zinada surmised. “Casimir knew that, and that's why he arranged to have your remaining supply smuggled out of Mineros. 'Everyone has to die', Casimir said with his last breath. I thought he was talking about himself, but I now see who he was referring to.” 
“I'm not finished yet,” Kameira remarked with dark look. “Your sheriff provided one of the stolen containers, though he hadn't expected Sigma to leap on it like he did.”
“Your instructions were quite clear, Executive,” Sigma pointed out. “It's not like I'm capable of disobeying you.”
“You never had any intention of negotiating in good faith,” Zinada spat, glancing at Chris to see his eyes glaring at Kameira. “I'm trying to save people out in the countryside from your rampage, and all you can think about is living one day longer. Nothing Casimir or I did can justify what your army is doing out there.”
“They aren't killing people who surrender,” Kameira explained. “Their orders are simply to acquire specific components from the scrap your little towns are made of. A reactor coupling here, and reinforced hull piece there, and of course anything with military-grade circuitry, until I finally have all the pieces we need.”
“To build what?” Zinada asked in exasperation. Kameira walked across the room to a window, and gestured for Zinada to come and look. She slowly made her way over there, as the wall transitioned from a dark grey, to a completely transparent window in a matter of seconds.
They were looking out over part of the city, and from this altitude they could see over the walls that kept these areas separate from the rest of Mineros. A huge construction project was underway, on something that must have been nearly two hundred metres long, with cranes, gurneys and scaffolding surrounding a big, metal, something.
“What is that?” Zinada asked, daunted by the scope of the project.
“I've had my people pilfering old ruins and hospitals for decades,” Kameira explained. “The containers you have are all that's left on this planet. We can't make it here, so I have to find more.”
“It's a space ship,” Zinada breathed, watching teams of people welding large sections onto the huge vessel.
“I've been wanting to do this for years,” Kameira said with longing in her voice. “Every ship either blew up or crashed during the Event, and trying to find high-grade components to build a new one has been extremely difficult. 
“It hasn't exactly been a priority, mind you,” Kameira added as she stared dreamily at the ship. “Just keeping this city together has been hard enough. I had to find allies, reliable people who were absolutely loyal to me, and ensure they stayed in power. That meant I had to give them Aeon as well, to make sure they stayed around as long as I.
“I'd always intended to go back into space to find more, but theft of my medicine forced me to step up my plans. That's why I need your co-operation, Zinada. The survivors scraping by out there don't have the skills and experience to rebuild civilisation. Only I and a few select people have that knowledge, but we can't do it if we're dead.”
“You're deranged,” Zinada stated incredulously. “You think what you're doing here is rebuilding? Civilisation was already recovering, and you've gone and started tearing it down again. It's not about the people out there, it's about you, refusing to die long after you should be a pile of bones in the ground.”
“Any structure that's stripped to help complete construction on my ship, will be rebuilt using advanced techniques,” Kameira explained, as if to a child. “Are you so provincial that you think making a house out of a pile of junk constitutes a proper home for someone to live in? You're little better than animals, scurrying around in the refuse of a dead world. Humanity was meant for more than that, and I'm going to restore this world to its former glory.”
“On the blood of innocents,” Zinada finished quietly. “I can't stop you, but it doesn't change that the fact that your city is a cesspool of corruption, and you treat your people like garbage.”
“They serve their purpose,” Kameira said dismissively, “and they're loyal to a strong leader. The walls of this place keep out the savages, and allow us to live in relative peace. Is it perfect? Not by a long shot, but it's getting better every year. Mineros isn't a prison. If the people here don't like the life I provide, they're free to leave at any time. 
“I wish everyone could be as wealthy as I am, but then, you can only slice the pie into so many pieces, you know? Besides, what would most people do with all the money and power I have? Squander it on pointless, personal showboating. No, it takes a certain kind of individual to manage what I have properly. Someone with vision and experience.
“You may not appreciate it,” Kameira sighed, “but I'm slowly rebuilding this world from the ashes. Maybe, if you're lucky, your grandchildren will be able to live in a world that resembles something from before the Fall, where people no longer have to live in squalor.”
Zinada was silent after listening to her speak, from tiredness, pain and having to hear Addison's justifications for being a tyrant. She turned to look out the window across the city, and once more thought about how all of this started. 
“Do you know what happened?” Zinada asked quietly. “What caused the Fall?”
“Over eight decades after it happened, and I still don't have the answer,” Kameira replied in equally hushed tones. “All I do know is the answers aren't here on Paragon. They're up there, somewhere. Maybe one day I'll find out.” 
“We're in, Executive,” one of the technicians said from nearby. They all turned to look at the screen he was working on, and saw images of what could only be Kismet. 
“Finally,” Kameira muttered, moving over to look closely at the display. Zinada saw herself on the screen, working on dismantling the van in the workshop of the Starlight Hotel.
“You're good with your hands,” Kameira remarked, “but this doesn't really help. See what else you can find.”
“What are you doing?” Zinada asked, not sure why they were seeing this.
“Echo Nine's memory,” Sigma explained. “It records everything of importance for later retrieval by its handlers.”
“Just keep it to anything flagged A1,” Kameira advised the technician, who complied and narrowed down the list of video logs. 
“You won't find the Aeon's location in there,” Zinada rasped, finding it hard to stand. “He wasn't around when I stashed it.”
“That's a pity,” Kameira answered. “Still, there's quite a bit here of interest. Kismet's defences, for example. Towers, barricades, and some of our guns.”
“It's nothing to worry about,” Archie advised as he peered down at the screen. “If my crew goes there in force, we can peel that place apart in no time.” As he turned to look at the screen, Echo’s sword, which was poking out the back of his belt, knocked a piece of delicate technology from a bench to the floor.
“Sorry,” he mumbled when Kameira glared at him. Archie put the sword and nail gun on the bench to prevent it happening again.
“Kismet doesn't have anything you want,” Zinada protested weakly, leaning on a chair for support. “Leave them alone.”
“Actually, your hotel appears to be made from old starship pieces,” Sigma pointed out. “That might be enough to finish the dorsal section and make our ship space-worthy, provided those components are still in decent condition.”
“Devise a strategy to take Kismet, in case I decide we need to,” Kameira asked of Archie.
“Don't need no fucking strategy, we just roll in there and take it,” Archie huffed. 
“Wait, go back to that last one,” Sigma interrupted, ordering the technician to adjust the image. The screen showed the inside of the military bunker in Solaris, with Zinada and the others looking up at the overhead screens displaying flight control data for ships in the area, at the time of the Event.
“Tragic,” Addison remarked sadly, watching the display of ships as they went down one by one on the display. “That bunker you found looks like it has some excellent salvage, we'll have to mark down this location for later retrieval. I... did you just see that?”
“Rewind five seconds,” Sigma instructed, and the display of Echo's memory went backwards to the requested point, then played normally. Zinada froze as she saw the distorted image of the one ship that hadn't exploded or crashed that fateful day.
“Analysis suggests this vessel went in for a controlled landing,” Sigma announced, repeating the result that Virn had told Zinada of. 
“It could still be intact?” Addison blurted incredulously. “Cross-reference with the recovered logs from the Mineros tower. Did it ever take off again?” 
The technician went through a number of displays similar to the one from the Solaris bunker, showing clear skies after the Fall. 
“How was there a working radar so soon after the Fall?” Zinada asked.
“There are a few bunkers around like the one in Solaris,” Addison mentioned while her focus was on the display. “The one in Mineros fared better than the others.”
“There's a gap of three hours after the Fall before the system was repaired,” Sigma reported, “but if the vessel went down due to a fault, yet was able to land safely, it seems unlikely it was able to leave again within that three-hour gap. Nothing moved after that period of time.”
“Can you predict a landing site based on its last known course?” Addison asked.
“The track data isn't clear,” Sigma responded as a large circle appeared over the display, showing the maximum radius from the last known point of the ship's location. “It could be anywhere within one hundred kilometres.”
“It's not the data that's corrupt,” the technician said, “it's that android encrypting it on the fly.”
“Nice one, Echo,” Zinada whispered, relieved to know that he was still fighting, in spite of his appearance. 
“This model was built for espionage, so it's to be expected,” Addison explained, having heard Zinada's remark. “Don't think so highly of it though. It doesn't make friends, it doesn't care about you or anyone else, it just wants to complete its mission and eliminate anyone that gets in the way. Given it hasn't had anyone to give it orders for nearly a century, I'm surprised it's still operating.”
“Looks to me like he's still kicking your ass.” Zinada replied with a smirk.
“Want me to finish it off properly?” Archie offered.
“No, I need you to find where she hid the Aeon,” Kameira ordered. “She hasn't been in the city for long, so it can't be far from the warehouse.”
“My boys have been looking since she got away, and they don't got nothing,” Archie grumbled. 
“May I suggest,” Sigma said, “that we simply honour the deal? Let her and the sheriff go, take them to their vehicle, and if they don't tell us where to find it then, we destroy all of them on the spot.”
“Or,” Archie chimed in, “and follow me closely on this, we blow them up anyway.”
“Enough,” Addison snapped. “Find my Aeon, and figure out where this ship landed. Even after eighty years, it shouldn't be hard to locate. It might just be easier to restore that one to working order than to finish ours, or we can strip it of useful parts.” 
He was interrupted by the lights in the room going dark for a second, before they came back on again. A dull rumble could be heard from somewhere outside, like a distant explosion. A red, flashing light came on and a blaring alarm sounded.
“Secure the building,” Sigma ordered Archie, who immediately rushed for the elevator. Addison turned to look out of the window and saw a distant fire burning near what must have been the outer walls of the city.

27
Plan B

“Show my Y sector,” Kameira ordered her technicians, who brought up several camera feeds on separate screens, showing the gate area Zinada and the others had come through. Kameira made a gesture as if tossing a ball and the images on the screens disappeared, replaced by a single holographic display hovering in the centre of the room. 
The massive outer gate, thirty centimetres of concrete and steel, had a huge hole in the middle of it where an explosion had blasted it to pieces. 
“Get me drone coverage of that entire area,” Kameira ordered, her eyes fixated on the damage. “Am I seeing this correctly? It appears to have exploded from the inside.”
“The debris pattern does match your hypothesis,” Sigma remarked. “I cannot understand why someone would be trying to escape in such a fashion. The exit gates from the city are clearly marked.”
“Not to let someone out, but perhaps to let someone in,” Kameira mused. She flicked a finger and the image changed to the inside views of that area, which showed several guards lying still amongst the debris. Emergency lights were on, giving the scene a hellish red glow, but there was still no obvious sign of what had caused it. 
Zinada, practically forgotten in the chaos, watched this from a few metres behind them. A tiny flashing blue light caught her attention from a nearby work bench, coming from a wireless earpiece – hers, taken from Chris when he was captured. The blue light meant there was an incoming call.
Moving ever so slowly, Zinada began to make her way towards the bench, making sure the others were wholly preoccupied with the scene unfolding at the gate. The floating image shook, and a dull rumble of another explosion could be heard rippling through the city. 
“What the hell is going on?” Kameira snapped. The image changed again, this time showing the scene from above, via one of their camera drones. The inner part of the gate into Mineros had been blasted open, with smoke pouring out of the opening and the sound of screams echoing through the streets. 
“Whatever it is, it's going north,” Sigma said, adjusting the view to follow the road away from the gate, further into the city. People had scattered to either side and were taking cover where they could. The image then jolted around, as if the camera were being tossed about, and for just a moment, Zinada saw a black-feathered corvid ripping wires out of it with his beak before the image went dark. 
“Damned corvids,” Sigma remarked calmly, as Zinada reached the bench and grabbed the earpiece. As she held it up to her ear, she heard a distinctive “Gwop” over the comms. 
“Silas?” she whispered, hearing two clicks of a beak in response. 
“We're getting a feed from an enforcement unit in the area,” Sigma reported to Kameira, gesturing to the holographic screen. The image from the streets of Mineros showed the enforcer's sleek car attempting to block the street as people ran past it, trying to get out of the way of a huge, four-legged robot, right before a brilliant beam of light exploded from the front of the huge war machine, obliterating the vehicle and terminating the feed. 
“Wardog,” Zinada breathed, as Kameira looked at the static-filled display in open-mouthed astonishment. 
“We're coming,” Silas said over the comms. “Put on your visor.” Sigma changed the screen to show a camera feed from a building above the road. Wardog was galloping along at speed, leaving footprints in the asphalt road, while behind it, the distinctive shape of the Conveyor could be seen trying to keep up in its wake.”
“They're heading directly for us,” Sigma reported as Zinada turned on her AR visor and put it on. “I estimate less than ten minutes before they reach Maddox Tower.”
“Get every unit on the road between us and the assault bot, immediately,” Kameira ordered. The camera was still following Wardog's progress, and Zinada smiled when she saw it flatten an enforcer car that tried to get in the way and slow it down. 
“You think we're in trouble, don't you?” Kameira asked when she saw Zinada smiling. “You don't seem to understand just how much fire power I have at my command. Show them what's waiting, Sigma.” 
He complied, revealing a scene from the front of Maddox Tower itself. Not only were more enforcer cars showing up, Archie was leading a large group of armoured soldiers armed to the teeth with their biggest weapons. A van pulled up and when its door opened, the huge form of the robot Scrapper rolled into view on armoured treads, sporting two large cannons on its shoulders. 
“Don't worry, we'll put all of that scrap to good use,” Kameira teased Zinada as the prospect of Wardog's imminent demise became clear. Sigma looked as though he was about to add something, when Echo’s sword, taken from one of the tables, suddenly burst through his chest in a shower of sparks and metal. 
Behind him, Echo stood on one leg, holding the sword in one hand as he pried Sigma's arm clean off. Although taken by surprise, the android shoved Kameira out of harm's way with his remaining arm then whirled around to grab Echo around the wrist, raising his arm until the sword had been removed from his frame.
Sigma head-butted Echo, sending him reeling backwards and off-balance on his only leg, but a quick hop allowed Echo to avoid falling, and he spun around to re-direct the force of the push back at Sigma. The sword cut through Sigma's chest, exposing his chassis and wiring, but it didn't seem to faze the android much as he spun around and kicked Echo hard, sending him sprawling across the floor. 
Zinada noticed movement out of the corner of her eye and saw Chris struggling against his bonds. She went over there as quickly as she could manage, grabbing a scalpel from the table along the way. Before she reached him, she had the sudden feeling that she should duck, and instinctively did so as a crackling beam of green energy shot over her head and blasted out the window behind Chris.
Turning around, she saw Kameira holding a familiar-looking plasma rifle in one hand, the one they had found in the base in Solaris. Her forearm appeared to have metal components within, a cybernetic limb replacement to grant her additional strength.
“Mmph!” Chris mumbled through the gag, prompting Zinada to cut his restraints. She hesitated, fixated on Kameira who was waiting for her weapon to cool before taking another shot, and this time, Zinada was sure she wouldn't miss. 
Echo was still fighting, but struggling against Sigma, who was not only mostly intact, but an expert at close-quarters combat. Still, in the middle of his fight, Echo managed to flip the sword in the air, and before catching it, he grabbed a screwdriver from a nearby bench and threw it towards Kameira, embedding itself in her left arm before grabbing the sword on its way down. 
Kameira cried out and clutched at the screwdriver, forcing her into cover and allowing Zinada to finally cut Chris out of his restraints. 
“Don't just sit there, get them!” Kameira ordered her technicians while trying to remove the screwdriver from her arm. The two men finally got out of their seats and nervously moved towards Zinada. She sawed at the plastic restraints on Chris' hands, which were tougher than she thought, unsure if she was going to get through them in time when they finally gave way.
Ortega pulled off his gag and stood, even though his feet were still tied to the seat. He had no intention of moving from the spot, but instead glared and cracked his knuckles at the two approaching technicians. They glanced at each other, then ran out of the room. 
Zinada hurried to finish cutting through Ortega's foot restraints, and once that was done, he moved in to help Echo, picking up a long spanner along the way. Zinada kept an eye on Kameira, who screamed as she pulled the screwdriver out of her arm and focused on stopping the bleeding, while Sigma tried to fend off two opponents at once. 
Chris wasn't as graceful as Echo who, even in his current state, was a formidable fighter. The sheriff simply wailed on Sigma with the big spanner, bashing through his attempts to defend and distracting him so Echo could move in and slice another piece off. 
Zinada spotted her nail gun on a bench and went for it, aiming towards Sigma and rippling off a burst of nails. They didn’t seem to do much damage, but it was enough of a distraction for Echo to land a solid hit. 
With Sigma's reflexes faltering, Echo dropped the sword and plunged his hand right into his opponent's chest cavity. With a little effort and a shower of sparks, he ripped out the android's power source, and Sigma stopped moving entirely, until he clattered to the floor seconds later.
Echo likewise toppled over into the chair he'd started in, even more damaged than before as he held the android equivalent of a still-beating heart in his hand. 
“Impressive,” Kameira said, standing up and backing away from them, her left arm bloodied and bandaged, and her cybernetic arm holding the plasma rifle at Chris. “I didn't think you were ever going to move again.”
“It's a trick I learned years ago,” Echo replied, his voice sounding scratchy and mechanical. “Playing dead got me out of trouble on more than one occasion.”
“Well, this time I'll make sure to melt you into slag,” Addison assured him. The holographic screen was still displaying the scene from outside the building below, where Wardog had just shown up. 
“Warning, you are on restricted military property,” the assault bot blared out over its loudspeaker, slowly, menacingly striding forward as spotlights lit it up, and Kameira's thug army readied their weapons. “Retreat, or be met with lethal force,” Wardog added. 
“It's on autopilot now,” Echo remarked as he leaned on his sword to stand back up again. “I hope you don't have friends down there lady, because they're about to have a really bad night.” Kameira adjusted her aim to Echo, then back to Chris again, trying to keep them both at bay.
“You have one shot with that fancy shooter,” Chris warned. “One of us is going to get you, no matter what you do.”
“Who's it going to be?” Addison sneered, momentarily pointing the lethal weapon at Zinada for good measure. Then, the dark form of Silas flew in through the shattered window and alighted on one of the benches. He was wearing his usual gear, but did not appear armed. Nevertheless, he sat there and stared at Kameira in a manner Zinada recalled seeing him do from time to time. 
Addison pointed the weapon at Silas, but her hand was shaking. She appeared to be straining against something, and her finger hovered close to the trigger, but could not pull it. A drop of blood flowed from her nostril, and to Zinada's astonishment, Kameira suddenly dropped the weapon to the floor. 
“No!” she screamed, then turned and ran for the elevator as the sound of gunfire erupted outside. 
“What the hell just happened?” Chris remarked, hurrying forward to grab the rifle. Silas squawked angrily, then pulled out his infopad and started tapping at the controls. Zinada looked at him in a new light, sensing something highly unusual had just happened. 
“Go,” Silas ordered, looking up to the overhead image, which showed a shower of bullets bouncing off Wardog's armoured sides. Its own lasers were firing back, scorching and cutting down Mineros' finest, while its particle beam sliced an enforcer van in half. 
“Okay, what exactly is the plan here?” Chris asked, looking to Echo.
“Get down to the foyer, make our way to the van,” came the distorted reply as Echo sheathed his sword over his back. Zinada reflexively grabbed a few small, shiny pieces of technology from the table, while Chris went to Echo's side to help him stand.
“Grab the reactor too,” Echo pointed out, looking down at the hardware he'd ripped from Sigma's body. Zinada went over and picked it up as the building shook from a huge explosion. 
 “Elevator, now,” Chris ordered, as they hurried as fast as they could towards the way out. Silas did something that shut down the computer system on this floor, rendering the screens black, then flew out the window once more.
The door to the elevator closed just behind Chris as they piled in, and Zinada hit the button for the ground floor. From this vantage point, they could see part of the gathering outside, where bullets and lasers were lighting up the landscape. 
“I thought you were dead,” Zinada said to Echo, taking note of just how wrecked his body was.
“So did they,” he answered. “Archie didn't strike me as the smartest person I've ever met, so thankfully he didn't look too closely. I got lucky that the others here figured he'd checked so they didn’t have to. That guy is his own worst enemy.”
“Zinada, can you hear me?” came Lyrik's stressed voice over the comms. 
“Yes, I'm here,” Zinada answered, trying to ignore how much she was shaking and sweating. “Where are you?” 
“We're just outside the front building, out of the line of fire,” Lyrik shouted over the din of background explosions. “There's too much shit flying around though, we can't get to you.”
The sounds of fighting increased as they descended, especially when the elevator doors slid open. Zinada poked her head out to check, and saw they were behind where Archie and his elite soldiers were firing from cover, and Scrapper was standing in the middle of the room. 
Shrapnel and scorch marks lined the wall behind them, where Zinada and the others would have to move past in order to escape. She caught a glimpse of Wardog in the middle of the fight, on fire but still cutting down Addison's army with an assortment of lasers and other powerful weapons. The noise was deafening, especially when the cannon on Scrapper's shoulders fired off. 
“It doesn't look any better from where we are,” Zinada called back to Lyrik. “Any suggestions?”
“We won't make it to the van in all of this,” Echo said, “and Wardog won't last much longer. This building has a garage though, we can meet down there.” 
“I see stairs across the way,” Chris reported, looking directly at the only visible way out. 
“Hello Zinada,” Virn rumbled over the comms. “I have devised a solution to the problem. Please stand by to make your way to the stairs on my signal.”
“What will your signal be?” Zinada called back, leaning against the side of the wall with one eye on the fight just around the corner. As she watched, she heard Lyrik crying out over comms and saw the Conveyor rattling up the stairs outside of the Maddox Building. 
“What the hell are you doing?” Zinada called, as bullets started bouncing off the side of its armour. Lyrik swung the van around, to reveal that the back ramp was already down. Virn rolled out of the back at speed, charging through the shattered glass of the foyer with his rotary cannon blazing away. He held an assault rifle in each of his oversized claws, spraying out a storm of bullets.
On his other shoulder, the sonic cannon had been replaced with a small missile launcher, which sent out a burst of tiny missiles that exploded on Scrapper's body. Of the twenty men and Shikava that stood guard in the foyer, half were cut down in the initial barrage, while the rest ducked for cover, including Archie.
“Pull back!” he roared, though his voice could barely be heard over the deafening explosions. One of the fluted columns was hit by missiles and cannon fire, shattering at the base and collapsing across the floor, effectively cutting Zinada and the others off from the fight. 
Virn tossed aside the empty rifles and moved in on Scrapper, with missiles and bullets aimed directly at the larger robot. Scrapper recoiled from the onslaught as explosions pitted and dented his powerful armour. Virn shifted his aim and hit one of the robot’s shoulder cannons, blasting it to pieces. The other shoulder mounted weapon was aimed at Virn, which let off a shot, hitting him on the arm.
Both machines were still working and, with Virn ripping the bigger robot to shreds up close and personal, Zinada knew this was their chance to get to safety. She helped Chris carry Echo, and between them were ready to make the run. 
“Move,” Chris shouted as they hurried forward as best as they could. Zinada bit her lip as her muscles screamed at the load she was carrying, and the speed she was forcing them to move at. She wouldn't be able to keep this up for long, but the stairs were only ten metres away now. 
With a quick glance, she saw the fighting continued outside, with Wardog down on three legs now, unable to move. The broken war machine kept fighting with one remaining weapon, and would hopefully last long enough to allow Zinada and her friends to escape.
Stray fire from outside raked the wall next to them, sending shards of marble and concrete showering over the floor, and Chris roared in pain and almost fell as he was struck with several bullets. Zinada also cried out from the extra load she suddenly found herself carrying, and focused through it all on the stairs just up ahead. 
Each step burned like fire in Zinada's failing body, and once they were through the door, they all stumbled and fell, rolling down the stairs until they fell in a heap at the bottom. Zinada lay there wracked with pain, while Chris clutched at his bloodied arm. 
“Are you okay?” he asked of Zinada out of concern.
“Me? You're the one who was shot,” she rasped back at him. 
“Yeah, this is pretty fucked up,” he growled through the pain. 
“Virn, do you copy?” Echo asked over the comms. 
“Yes, Echo Nine,” he replied. “I am severely damaged and I am operating on reserve power.”
“We're safe in the garage, pull back immediately.”
“We can come and get you,” Lyrik advised, though the sound of gunfire and explosions in the background didn't fill Zinada with confidence. 
“Negative, just pull back. We'll steal another car and get out on our own, is that understood?”
“Copy,” Virn rumbled, “initiating tactical withdraw.” Zinada looked around and saw they were in a dimly lit parking garage. She'd seen many of these buildings before, dotted around the landscape in urban ruins, but this one was clean, and appeared to have a few shiny vehicles in it. The closest one to the door was a sleek, dark machine with intact windows. On the side were the words 'Apex Infinity' in chrome letters.
“This one will do,” Echo suggested, grabbing the door handle and pausing for a few seconds. Zinada wondered what he was doing, when the car made a little electronic chime as the door opened. 
“Wouldn't be much of an infiltrator if I couldn't steal a car,” Echo answered her unasked question. He opened the rear door and together, they managed to get Chris into the back where he lay on luxurious seats.
“Keep pressure on it,” Zinada instructed, though she could barely talk at this point. 
“I know the drill, don't worry,” he whispered back faintly. She patted his hand then went to get into the driver's seat, only to find Echo already sitting there.
“You're in no condition to drive,” he remarked as he worked his magic on the ignition. 
“You can't be serious,” Zinada scoffed. “You've only got one arm!”
“It's all I need, get in,” he ordered. The rumble of a huge explosion from above shook the garage, showering them with concrete dust and bits of dirt. Sensing their time was running out, she clambered around to the other side of the car and climbed into the passenger seat. She'd barely closed the door when she felt the car hum to life and rise slowly from the ground.
“It's a grav car?” she remarked.
“The Apex of personal transport,” Echo said, mimicking the slogan she'd seen on a billboard on their way into Solaris. With one arm, he brought the sleek machine around and drove out of the parking lot into a war zone. 

28
Drive

The Infinity emerged from the parking garage slowly, with Echo scanning the scene before them with his one remaining eye. There was sporadic fighting still going on, with some of Addison's forces hunkered down behind slabs of concrete or overturned vehicle wrecks, firing at Wardog from relative safety.
The ancient war machine was on its side, with two legs blown off and only one of its laser turrets still shooting. The devastation outside Maddox Tower was astonishing – several structures across the street had been reduced to rubble, and nine enforcer vehicles destroyed. 
The Conveyor still sat on top of the stairs leading into Maddox Tower, covered in bullet holes and scorch marks, but the armour appeared to have held up. Virn was still laying down suppressing fire as he rolled into the back of the van, while Zinada's visor highlighted Silas as he glided from above and flew into the back with him. 
With shots still ringing off the sides of the Conveyor, it lurched forward and juddered down the stairs, with two bullet-ridden armour plates falling off in the process.
“Lyrik, head back the way you entered and we'll follow,” Echo advised as the van shot past them at speed. 
“This thing is falling apart on me,” she warned, her two-tone voice disharmonic with stress. 
“Be advised I have exhausted nearly our entire supply of ammunition,” Virn added over the comms. “I have only a few micro missiles remaining.”
“Understood, we'll provide cover for you,” Echo informed them before turning to Zinada. “Grab that plasma rifle Chris picked up. You're riding shotgun today.” Zinada moaned as she twisted around and grabbed the weapon from Ortega's seat. It seemed heavy for its size, but that might have been her muscles protesting.
Echo accelerated and turned into the street, gliding a metre above the ground. Behind them, an explosion erupted as Wardog suffered catastrophic damage, probably taking out any remaining guards who were unlucky enough to be in range of the blast. 
The Infinity easily caught up to the van, which was rattling along as fast as Lyrik dared to push it. She swerved to avoid debris or random people on the street, while Echo guided their sleek ride above any hazards with ease. 
Zinada's visor warned of incoming police officers, and advised that the driver would need to pull over for a speeding ticket. A pair of enforcer vehicles turned into the main thoroughfare just behind them and sped up in pursuit. 
In spite of his physical condition, Echo manoeuvred the Infinity with practiced ease to prevent the enforcers from overtaking. When they veered left, Echo threatened to nudge them into clutter on the side of the road, forcing them to take evasive action to avoid a crash. When they finally grew tired of this, they pulled out weapons and started shooting. 
“You're up, Zinada,” Echo ordered, pulling to one side to give her a clean shot. Not quite clear on how to use the weapon, she pressed the button to wind down the window and aimed the rifle at the nearest car. 
Nothing happened when she squeezed the trigger, and looking at it, she could see on a little display that it was a few seconds away from reaching firing temperature. A shot from the car went right over the top, narrowly avoiding the Infinity and prompting Echo to glare meaningfully at Zinada.
“It's not my fault, talk to the gun,” she responded testily. A little green light finally came on, indicating it was ready to fire, so she aimed out the window and tried again. A sizzling green light flashed from the tip of the weapon, engulfing the front of the enforcer's car, causing it to come to a screeching halt as the metal instantly melted. Steam poured from the rifle as it cooled itself down, obscuring Zinada's vision for a few seconds.
Three more cars joined in the pursuit, scattering pedestrians in their wake as they sought to keep up with the grav car. Zinada took aim and fired again, missing but vaporising part of the road next to her target, sending the car behind it careening into the ditch of molten asphalt. 
 Bullets struck the back window of the Infinity, which was thankfully armoured. Unfortunately, they were also shooting at the Conveyor, which was in no condition to take further damage. One of the rear doors was hanging by one hinge, and Zinada could see Virn was holding on to it with one ‘hand’. He opened it a crack after taking a few shots and aimed with his missile launcher.
Echo saw this coming and raised the Infinity a few metres, allowing Virn to take the shot. A missile flew underneath, leaving a trail of smoke as it connected with the lead enforcer and exploded. The front was blown to pieces and it swerved out of control, smashing into the corner of a concrete building.
“Uh, I think we have a problem,” Lyrik called over the comms. Zinada saw on her visor that a 'police roadblock' was assembling up ahead, preventing them from leaving the city. 
“Get ready,” Echo advised Zinada as he hit the accelerator. The Infinity shot forward, over the top of the Conveyor and down the road at hair-raising speed. The roadblock was just up ahead, getting closer by the second, and when they were within twenty metres, Echo turned hard right and the car glided sideways on wings of gravity.
“Fire,” he ordered. Zinada had a clear shot at three vehicles arranged to prevent anything from getting through, at least, on the ground. A bolt of green fire shot from her rifle and took out the centre car, practically splitting it in two.
“Drive through it,” Echo instructed Lyrik, who did as she was told, though Zinada imagined she wasn't happy about it. The Conveyor ploughed through the centre of the smouldering vehicle, smashing both halves to either side and sending sparks careening along the sides of the van. She almost lost control on the other side, but quickly recovered and sped on. 
“Nicely done, ladies,” Echo said with his scratchy voice, turning the Infinity around and following the van as they went through the inner gate into Y sector. The destruction here was extensive, and there was no resistance as they went past the garage with now wrecked vehicles scattered around, and through the outer gate into the darkness of night. 
“Woo!” Lyrik screamed over the comms in relief and celebration, a feeling Zinada shared but didn't have the strength to imitate. Her visor went back to its default 'out of network' mode, depriving her of information, so she took it off and rubbed her eyes. 
“How are you doing back there?” she asked Chris, glancing back out of concern.
“Just peachy,” he grumbled, with a disturbing amount of blood on his hands. 
“We need to get you to Lyrik immediately,” Zinada suggested, touching her wireless earpiece to include her in the conversation. “Lyrik, Chris has been shot several times and is losing a lot of blood. Can you meet us outside of the city?”
“I only have a first aid kit and a few medicines with me,” Lyrik advised. “If he needs surgery, we have to get him back to Kismet as soon as possible.”
“We're not safe yet,” Echo warned, checking his rear vision screen for signs of pursuit. He angled the view up a little and Zinada spotted lights from a grav car not unlike their own, as it crested the wall at speed. “Lyrik, shut off your lights and head for the trees,” Echo instructed. “We'll draw them away from you.”
“How do you know they'll follow?” she asked over comms. Echo looked at Zinada, then turned hard left, spinning the car about. Zinada knew what he wanted and when the flying vehicle car came into view, she fired at it. At this range there was no chance of hitting, but it was still a pretty close shot that spooked the driver. 
Echo brought the car back around to point south, then accelerated, pushing Zinada back into her seat as he soared above the treeline. Its engine hummed louder as he pushed it forward, but in the rear display, not one but two grav cars were in close pursuit. 
“Is that a turret slung underneath?” Chris asked as he looked back at it. Bullets danced around the Infinity, narrowly missing as Echo swerved left and right to avoid being hit.
“At least we have their attention,” he remarked calmly. “Lyrik, get back to Kismet, but stay off the roads. Silas still has his AR visor which should provide some degree of night vision for you.”
“Understood, I'll disappear for a while,” came her reply. Zinada leaned out the window and went to take another shot, but a red warning light flashed on the weapon 
“I think it's empty,” Zinada informed Echo.
“Yeah, those things don't last long in a fight,” he remarked. “Never mind, I'll take it from here.”
She gripped the seat tightly as Echo focused on the task at hand, pushing the Infinity ever faster as he tried to outrun the pursuing vehicles. The sound of several bullets hitting the Infinity's rear got Zinada's heart racing again, when Echo decided on a different tactic.
He accelerated and dove towards the road somewhere in the darkness below them. He found a clear spot amongst the overgrown trees and darted through it. The other cars stayed at altitude, skimming above the treetops and struggling to keep pace with the Infinity even as the speed readout passed four hundred kilometres per hour. 
Zinada couldn't even comprehend how fast they were going, with trees whipping past them and corners approaching and falling behind within the span of seconds. 
Having had no luck hitting them through the canopy, their pursuers finally risked coming down to ground level. The first one made it safely through, but the second clipped a tree on the way and spun around. At these speeds, one tiny mistake could be fatal, and this instance proved to be no exception.
Gliding sideways after the impact, the vehicle clipped more trees, ripping the front of it away until it fell to the ground and tumbled into the darkness. Zinada didn't see the final impact, but the flash of light from an explosion gave her a good idea what happened to it.
The pursuit continued, with Echo expertly navigating in the difficult conditions for a few minutes, and the road twisting enough to make a shot from behind even more difficult. Zinada had no idea where they were – it had taken them five hours to make the trip from Kismet to Mineros in the Conveyor, but at the speed they were doing now, it would take far less. 
“Zinada,” Chris said, his voice sounding weak. “When you see Sera, I want you to tell her something from me.”
“Oh, you are not dying on us now,” Zinada shot back. 
“Look, just in case I –”
“Nope, tell her yourself in a few minutes,” Zinada warned, looking back to see him struggling for breath. It was a shocking sight to see the strong, independent man appear so weak, but Zinada was determined to get him back to Sera in one piece, minus some blood and skin. 
The cloudy sky had cleared, and the forest thinned out somewhat, giving them less terrain to hide behind. Sure enough, their pursuer had a clear shot at them and took it, barely missing them as Echo swerved around at random. 
“We've got trouble ahead,” he warned, and Zinada spotted distant headlights from an approaching car. “Another one of their patrol vehicles.”
“If it's a ground car, we can just fly over it, right?” Zinada asked.
“I've got a better idea,” Echo suggested, planting his foot to the floor. The Infinity roared as it shot forward, reaching nearly five hundred kilometres per hour. They were finally starting to leave their pursuer behind, but the prospect of running head-on with the oncoming vehicle didn't seem to be a sound plan. 
“I expect you've got something in mind,” Zinada remarked with a mixture of hope and fear. Echo didn't respond, instead focusing on driving the car as it went along the road like a bullet. At what seemed like the last possible moment, he swerved left, turning down a rapidly approaching turnoff from the main road, just as the oncoming enforcer shot past them. The driver must have been focused on the Infinity completely, for he didn't see what was coming next. 
The pursuing grav car hit the enforcer head-on, obliterating both in an explosion that sent pieces of both vehicles flying in all directions. Echo kept up the speed for a little while longer, then eased off, gaining a little altitude to glide well above the road as they continued on to Kismet. Zinada exhaled a breath she didn't realise she'd been holding.
“Lyrik, are you okay?” she asked over the comms. They heard a scratchy voice in response, barely audible through the distortion. 
“I think that was a yes,” Echo remarked. “Must be out of radio range. We're just a few minutes out, hang on, Sheriff.” Zinada slumped in her seat, partially from relief, but mostly from exhaustion and pain. She'd pushed herself far too hard over the last few hours, and it had taken a toll. 
When they finally arrived at Kismet, Echo slowed right down and approached from the east. The prospect of being shot down by one of the town guards was a distinct possibility, which would be an embarrassing finale to their grand escape from Mineros. Fortunately, Echo managed to get in touch with Helmut, and through him warned the town of their arrival.    
When they landed just outside the Starlight Hotel's workshop, Zinada barely had the strength to open the door. She fumbled with the control a few times, before finally opening it enough to get out. She slowly crawled on her hands and knees over the mud and grass, where she slumped on the ground and couldn't move any further. 
Sera, Helmut and Annika arrived a few seconds later to tend to her and Chris' needs, while Echo hopped slowly into the workshop, connected himself to the charging cables attached to the wall, then sat on the floor and shut down.
“Damn, he's lost a lot of blood,” Sera muttered as she checked Chris over. “Where's an actual doctor when you need one. Hey! Wake up, don't try and sleep, okay?”
“Okay, I'll just sit here for a while,” Ortega mumbled back, his eyes never leaving hers. “Nice to see you again.” Sera leaned in and kissed him as a reply, then went to work trying to staunch the flow of blood. 
“Helmut, get me those medical kits Lyrik left for us,” she ordered. Helmut rushed into the hotel and returned momentarily, carrying three white plastic boxes in his arms. Sera sifted through the available treatments and picked a familiar one.
“The hits on your leg and left arm are clean, the bullets went right through,” she explained as she worked. “This Second Skin treatment should seal them up, I think?”
“Your confidence is inspiring,” Chris muttered.
“I'm not the doctor, okay? It's worth a try. Hold still, this might sting.” She sprayed the little canister on the wound for around ten seconds, watching as a new layer of tissue formed over the injury. To their collective relief, the bleeding stopped, so once that was done, Sera moved on to the arm injury with the same technique. 
“Are you going to be okay, Zin?” she asked, glancing up from her work for a second.
“We found my medicine, but Lyrik has it in the van,” she mumbled in reply. “I'll be fine, just take care of Chris.” Zinada ached all over and could barely move, and the prospect of crawling all the way to her house seemed like an impossible challenge, so she opted to curl up on the workshop floor, not far from Echo, and wait for Lyrik to arrive. 
She spent the next few hours there, wracked with pain and unable to sleep in spite of her exhaustion, watching as Sera and Annika struggled to keep Chris alive. The prospect of Lyrik never making it back occurred to Zinada more than once, but she chose to believe the xarani doctor would make every effort to reach Kismet. 
It must have been three in the morning when the sound of rattling metal could be heard as the Conveyor pulled up outside the workshop. Zinada watched as Lyrik emerged, visibly shaking but still alive. 
“It looks like my night has only just begun,” she remarked, grabbing her medical supplies from a shelf inside the van, from which she pulled out several different drugs. One she took herself, which made her hands stop shaking, and the other she gave to Chris.
“Okay, Virn, I need you to pick up Chris very carefully and move him to the bench over there,” Lyrik ordered as she grabbed a container of medicine, then rushed over to Zinada. She rattled out two tablets from the plastic container and held them out to Zinada, a reassuring smile on her face.
“We made it,” Lyrik said as Zinada eagerly swallowed both pills. 
“I can see that,” Zinada whispered. “Go save Chris, I'll be right here.” Lyrik gave her a wink, then injected her with something that helped her relax, and within a minute, Zinada was sound asleep.

29
Origin

Zinada awakened slowly, feeling hazy and sore. The smell of a grilled cheese sandwich wafted past, and she cracked one eye open to see Sera setting down a plate of food next to her. 
“Good morning,” Sera greeted her with a wan smile. She seemed tired, but relaxed. “How are you feeling?”
“Better,” Zinada croaked. “Kind of weak, but at least all the sharp pains are gone. It's more like a dull ache.” In spite of this report, she made no move to get up, which didn't go unnoticed by Sera.
“From what I've heard, you had a rough time of it up north,” she said quietly. 
“That's an understatement,” Zinada mumbled. “The noise, the smell of death – it was all a bit much for me. I'm amazed I made it through in one piece.”
“Better than some,” Sera pointed out, glancing at Echo who was still piled against the wall next to them. “I suppose he's going to want a bunch of parts from Gabriel. I really should have been more specific in our deal.”
“You don't want him to use all the parts,” Zinada surmised, drawing a nod from Sera.
“There won't be much left of Gabriel after this,” she sighed. 
“It's for a good cause,” Zinada assured her. “We need Echo working properly for what's coming.”
“Oh?” Sera asked with a raised eyebrow.
“I'm worried that what we went through up there was just a taste of what's to come,” Zinada explained. “Addison is desperate to stay alive, and she's willing to sacrifice others to do it. We're not out of this yet.”
“Lovely,” Sera muttered. “Chris picked a hell of a time to get shot.” 
“Is he okay?” Zinada asked.
“Yeah, he'll make it,” Sera assured her, “though he'll be off his feet for a few days. That Second Skin stuff works great on the outside, but doesn't do much for inside the body.”
“Well, that's something at least,” Zinada whispered, finally easing herself up so she could eat breakfast. 
“It was touch and go during the operation, but those six-fingered hands sure are useful,” Sera explained, looking over to where the xarani doctor was sprawled out, face-down on an empty table, snoring harmonically. 
Chris was lying on his back on another bench next to her, sound asleep. The van was still sitting outside the garage door, and Virn was parked just in front of it, slumped forward and unmoving.
“What happened to him?” Zinada asked, suddenly concerned.
“I think he's okay – all evidence to the contrary – but I think he just ran out of charge,” Sera answered. “We have hundreds of people in town all using our facilities, and the power cells can't keep up. When Echo plugged in last night, that drained what little charge was remaining. Look, I've got a hundred things to do so if you don't mind, I need to get back to running this place.”
“Sure, I'll be fine,” Zinada answered with a faint smile. “It looks like there's plenty to keep me busy, too.” Sera touched her affectionately on the shoulder, then headed back into the hotel to manage the situation.
Zinada finished off her meal, then after using the bathroom stared at herself in the cracked mirror. She was a mess, with hair that hadn't been brushed in days, and dirt over most of her clothes. She tried to tame her hair a little, but decided against changing just yet, given she had more greasy work ahead of her today. She went to get something to drink, then back to the workshop to see if she could sort things out here. 
Echo needed major repairs, and that was Virn's area of expertise, so getting him running was her first order of business. Zinada touched the robot's blackened and dented chassis, feeling slightly guilty that he'd taken such a beating to rescue her and the others. While she was investigating the damage, she noticed Virn's reactor slot was empty.
Thinking about this for a second, Zinada recalled that Echo had given her the power system he'd ripped out of Sigma's chest during their fight, and after a minute of searching, found it in the back of the Infinity. 
It was a combination of wires, compact power cells and yes, even a pocket reactor. She removed it and hefted the weighty device over to Virn, where she inserted it into the core and twisted it into a secure position. Wondering if she needed to switch him on manually, Zinada was pleased that after a few seconds, a dull hum came from the robot, and small lights began flickering back on. 
“This unit is online,” Virn announced, accompanied by the screech of metal against metal as he stood upright. 
“Welcome back,” Zinada greeted the tough old robot with relief. “Are you okay?”
“I am detecting a new reactor with fifty three percent capacity remaining,” Virn answered, his voice sounding slightly distorted. “My chassis has sustained critical damage, and requires immediate servicing.”
“Use any parts lying around you need to,” Zinada suggested. “I recall you packed away a lot from the warehouse last night.” 
“I shall commence repair work immediately.”
“Let me ask,” Zinada added, “what happened to your old pocket reactor?”
“It was nearly depleted, and Echo Nine ordered me to turn it into a bomb,” Virn answered, drawing a look of astonishment from Zinada. She quickly figured out what it had been used on.
“You blew open the outer gate at Mineros,” she stated.
“Correct. Echo Nine devised a backup plan in case we needed an escape route. While I was unloading supplies from the Conveyor, I planted the bomb not far from the gate while the guards were distracted. It was remotely detonated when we were able to get within range of my transmitter.”
“Allowing Silas to pilot Wardog into the city,” Zinada remarked, recalling that she had unfinished business with the corvid. “I have to go and speak with Silas. When you're done with your repairs, we need to rebuild Echo Nine.” 
“Android parts are specialised technology,” Virn warned. “We will need a supply of factory-approved spares to rebuild him.”
“Sera has that android she calls Gabriel stored in the back of the hotel,” Zinada reminded him. “Did you forget?”
“That information has been corrupted,” Virn explained. Inexplicably, Zinada felt the urge to give him a hug, though she had to be careful not to injure herself on protruding metal.
“It's good to have you back,” she whispered, before letting him get to work. 
Zinada headed outside and relished the warm sun on her face, a sensation she didn't think she'd ever feel again. When she opened her eyes, her sight was drawn to the top floor of the Provender next door, a small unit where Silas lived. There was a rickety staircase welded out of rusty metal leading to a small door at the top, where Silas was perched, looking down at her expectantly.
Zinada took a breath and made her way over there, carefully taking the creaking stairs one at a time. Silas darted through the doorway, and when Zinada reached it, she had to lower her head a little to fit inside. 
It was the first time she'd ever actually been in Silas' little house, and it was nothing like what she expected. Converted from the front half of an old bus, it was a cavernous space with perches visible at regular intervals, allowing Silas to flit about and access the huge array of shelves and work areas he'd set up.
Wires were strung about, connecting lights and devices to the power coming from the hotel's solar system, though most of it was dark at the moment. 
“Hi, Silas,” she greeted him as he flew up to a high perch to look down at her. “Are you okay?” He clicked his beak twice, then sat there looking at her curiously. 
“Don't be afraid,” he said. 
“Right, well, about that,” she replied nervously. “I saw what you did to Addison back in Mineros. I figure you've either invented some kind of new weapon, or something else is going on. I'm really hoping it's the former.”
Silas trotted over to a shelf and opened a draw, revealing a selection of small data drives, each no larger than Zinada's thumb. He picked one out of the bunch with his beak and flew up to another perch, where an elaborate computer was set up, made from broken circuit boards connected by wires. 
He plugged the drive into a slot and taped a few keys on a crude keyboard, then looked at a holographic screen attached to the wall. The screen wasn't large, not even as big as the infopad Silas now carried everywhere, so Zinada moved in closer to watch.
Footage from a camera revealed a clean, white room no more than twenty metres square. The camera was mounted near the ceiling, and looked upon a man dressed in a crisp white lab coat, wearing spectacles and standing in an official, somewhat stiff manner.
“Good morning. I am Doctor Jin Xinyi, senior geneticist at Maddox Technologies. The date is April seventeenth, 2735. Our subjects are almost fully grown now, and are exhibiting extraordinary problem-solving capabilities, far beyond our expectations.”
He gestured with one hand and the camera view panned to the left, revealing several spacious cages, each of them several metres across. There were three black-feathered corvids, one in each cage, though these birds seemed much smaller than Silas, and didn't have little claws on the forward part of their wings. 
Inside each cage were some small scientific tests made out of plastic and metal, arranged in a way that each bird could extract, move, or switch little lights and widgets on and off. The corvids were tapping, prodding and moving the instruments around to achieve some kind of result, which gave them a little bit of food. 
“Compared to ordinary birds of the same species,” Doctor Jin explained while off camera, “these specimens complete the tests five times faster. Splicing human brain tissue into the DNA sequence appears to have fully paid off, with enhanced brain capacity in every respect accompanied by only a three percent increase in brain mass. The next generation's enhancements should augment these results even more.”
The video became distorted at this point, so Silas stopped it, then played another. The scene was similar to the first video, though the doctor had some grey hair now and the cages were larger. The corvids now more closely resembled Silas, with little clawed hands and similar height. There was some distortion in the audio as it started playing, but it soon cleared up.
“.. eptember ninth, 2739,” Doctor Jin announced. Although older, he seemed more relaxed and spoke of his test subjects with a hint of affection and approval. “The fourth-generation modifications have most definitely worked. I had feared the brain centre would be unable to control the hands, given the original species had no ability to use fingers, yet now that these specimens are fully grown, they seem to be quite adept with their new appendages. The twin tails were an unexpected result, though it doesn’t inhibit their ability to fly.”
The corvids were using more complex tools now, including small screwdrivers which they held with their 'hands'. 
“Do they still use their beaks for simple tasks?” a woman's voice asked from off-camera, a voice Zinada was quite familiar with. 
“Yes, Ms. Maddox,” the doctor answered, “they seem to be able to coordinate between their new hands and their beak, using whatever is appropriate.”
“How strong are their hands?” 
“Strong enough to manipulate small tools and objects,” Xinyi assured her. 
“What about weapons?” Kameira asked pointedly. Doctor Jin remained silent as he turned to look at her off-camera, prompting further explanation from his boss. “Can they pick up knives, pistols and the like?”
“We haven't tested for that,” Xinyi answered cautiously. 
“Well, you’d better, or our military contractors might lose interest,” Kameira warned. Xinyi nodded but said nothing further as he turned to continue his presentation, but the video's distortion increased to the point it was no longer watchable.
“You were created by Maddox,” Zinada stated quietly, “and Kameira had a direct hand in your development.”
“Keep watching,” Silas suggested, playing another video. This one was a little different. The clean, white room was still present, but there was a table in the centre with a female technician seated on one side, and an enormous corvid on the other. It was almost as tall as she was, and its eyes were bright blue.
“January fifth, 2741. This batch of specimens has been an outstanding success, with brain activity rivalling that of a human. This particular bird has grown quite large, as you requested additional physical attributes to ensure their ability to carry larger loads. 
“Good, this is more like what I had in mind,” Kameira said. 
“He seems to be more intelligent than the others, too. I've taken to calling him Rokh, after the gigantic mythological bird. I probably shouldn't name our specimens, but this one seems special.”
Zinada exchanged a knowing glance with Silas as they recalled their encounter with Rokh and his gang of corvids in Solaris. 
“How are you today, Rokh?” the technician seated at the table asked.
“I am well, Susan,” Rokh answered, speaking as clearly as the humans around him. “How are you?”
“Astonishing,” Kameira's voice said from off-camera. “This one has turned out better than I could have hoped.”
“He's calm now, but he's been prone to fits of anger, too,” Xinyi warned. 
“Good, aggression is just what our clients are after,” Kameira responded. “Make sure to record all of your tests on this one, I can make a sales presentation out of this.” Xinyi nodded, but seemed less than enthusiastic at the request. 
“There's something else, too,” he said. “Susan, use the cards.” The technician pulled out a deck of cards, and a small picture-in-picture display appeared on the screen, showing the card she was holding up. Rokh couldn't see the card from his position.
“Ace of clubs. King of diamonds. Three of hearts,” he said, guessing each card correctly within seconds of Susan holding it up. Xinyi smiled at Kameira, who walked into view wearing a smart, expensive-looking executive's dress suit. 
“Genuine Psychic abilities,” the doctor explained. Susan held a small plastic coin in the palm of her hand, and within seconds, it levitated a few centimetres, then shot across the room to hit the wall.
“Incredible,” she murmured. “How did this happen?”
“I have no idea,” Xinyi answered. “Not all of the birds exhibit this capability, but we're going over the logs to pinpoint what we did right.”
“The possibilities for this are endless,” Kameira breathed. “Spies, espionage, battlefield scouts – I need to make a call right away.” The video ended after she headed for the door, and Silas played the next.
“Last one,” he said, and Zinada watched with rapt attention. Kameira and Xinyi were in a heated debate, with Susan clasping her hands nervously nearby, and Rokh and a few other smaller corvids in their cages, watching with interest. 
“They've not only cut our funding, they've sent an anonymous tip to the government regulators,” Kameira shouted at the doctor. 
“I don't understand,” Xinyi exclaimed. “This is everything they wanted, and more. Genuine psychic abilities! We should be charging them more, if anything.”
“Don't you get it?” Kameira asked in exasperation. “The military runs on secrets. Classified information, top-secret intelligence – these birds could use their abilities on their own commanders. They want compliant soldiers, not mind-reading abominations.”
“These are miracles of science, not abominations,” Xinyi insisted.
“Right now, they're a liability we cannot have. We both know we skirted ethical considerations on this project, and if the regulators find what we've done...”
“What are you saying?” Xinyi asked in a manner that suggested he knew the answer. Kameira took out a pistol from her jacket and offered it to the doctor.
“I will not,” he protested, stepping back. 
“You've become too attached to your experiment, Doctor,” Kameira hissed. “I suggest you act like a scientist and do what you know needs to be done.” They glared at each other for a few seconds, before Susan held out her hand.
“I'll do it,” she said quietly. Kameira placed the pistol in her hand and crossed her arms, waiting for the result. Susan slowly walked to the front of the cages and pointed the gun right at Rokh's head.  Her hand was shaking, but even though her finger rested on the trigger, she couldn't pull it. 
As Zinada watched in morbid fascination, Susan's arm slowly bent, until the gun was pointed at her own head. 
“What are you doing?” Xinyi asked, right before Susan, with a look of horror on her face, pulled the trigger. Her bloodied body dropped to the ground, lifeless. Kameira screamed and ran out of the room. Doctor Jin stood frozen in shock, then slowly walked towards a panel next to the cages. 
With shaking fingers, he tapped out the lock code, opening the cages. The corvids ran free and headed for the open door, just as an alarm sounded off in the facility. Rokh casually left his cage, staring at the doctor as he moved. Zinada feared he might kill Xinyi too, but the huge corvid passed him by and left the room, just as the video ended. 
Zinada was speechless. She stared at the blank screen for a few seconds, then moved her gaze to Silas, who was waiting patiently for some kind of response.
“So, you're like, Rokh's great great grandson or something?” she asked weakly, not really sure what else to say.
“Basically,” Silas agreed. 
“But you're nothing like him, right?” 
“Of course not,” Silas said, ruffling his feathers with indignation. “But now you understand.”
“I understand that you have some abilities that you want to keep secret,” Zinada responded. “Is this how you knew we were about to be ambushed in Solaris, at the old bunker? Or how I knew to duck when Addison was about to shoot me in the tower?” 
Silas nodded. 
“And how you always seem to know what I need, right before I ask for it?”
“You’re easy to read,” Silas confirmed. 
“Okay. Well, I think I understand why Kameira Addison reacted to you the way she did. Were you trying to make her shoot herself?”
“I'm not that strong,” Silas explained, “but I would have settled for harming her. I couldn't let her shoot my friends.”
“So, we are still friends, yes.” Zinada asked with a faint smile.
“Yes,” he assured her, and she gave him an affectionate pat. “I'm glad you showed me this, and I'll keep it from the others if you want me to, though I think they might be able to figure it out anyway.”
“Maybe,” Silas conceded. 
“When we have time, I'd like to talk to you more about all this, but we have a lot of work to do, and I could really use your help.” 
“Always,” he said, switching off his computer and grabbing his tools. 

30
Insight

Upon returning to the garage, Zinada and Silas saw that Lyrik and Chris were gone, with Helmut reporting that the medic had wanted him moved to an area that wasn't a hazardous workshop. Virn was having trouble performing his own repairs, due to extensive damage on his huge arms. Zinada grabbed her equipment and tried to help, but her muscles were still too weak to put any force behind her efforts.
“Sorry, I don't think I'm going to be much use today,” she mumbled, taking a seat to catch her breath. Silas opted to perch on top of Virn to open his casing, and work on circuitry problems inside. 
While he was doing that, Zinada glanced around for something she could do, and noticed the powered exosuit they'd acquired in Solaris, all but forgotten in the busy workshop. 
Shuffling over to take a look, Zinada immediately noticed it was too big for her tiny frame, but figured that since few people were as heavy-set as the last person to use it, there must be a way to adjust it.
“I don't suppose any of you know how this thing works?” she asked while examining the controls.
Virn, as usual when it came to mechanical matters, had an answer. 
“That is a Maddox Technologies powered exosuit, capable of significantly augmenting the strength of the wearer. It is typically used for heavy lifting operations, but also forms the base skeleton of the Maddox line of powered armour suits.”
“Did that guy make everything on this planet?” Zinada muttered. “Skip the sales pitch and tell me how to make it go.”
“That information has been corrupted,” Virn informed her, appearing slightly comical with Silas flitting around on top of him.
“How hard can it be?” Zinada said to herself, stepping into it and pressing some of the buttons on the right arm. A faint hum came from the suit as it powered on, and it tried to fold its frame onto her limbs. 
“Error, user below minimum height requirement,” a pleasant female voice said from the controls. 
“Well, that's just rude,” Zinada remarked. Helmut, working at a bench nearby, looked up from his task and took an interest in her predicament.
“It looks like you're just a couple of centimetres too short,” he said, looking over the machine. “I think we can override that safety feature and wing it.” He tapped at the controls, and a small holographic screen popped into existence at her right arm. “Let's see here,” he mumbled, peering through his cracked spectacles as he went through settings on the machine.
“Helmut,” Zinada asked while he worked, “do you remember anything about a ship landing here around the time of the Fall?”
“Hmm? Oh, of course not, I'm not that old!” he responded with a chuckle. “Why do you ask?”
“It's just something we found on a recording from that bunker in Solaris. A ship was on a controlled landing right after the Event, even as other ships were exploding and crashing. Addison saw that data and used some of her own from around that time to show that if the ship landed, it didn't take off again.”
“So, you think there's been a ship parked around here for eighty-three years?” Helmut wondered. 
“It's a long-shot, I know,” Zinada agreed. “Addison was very interested in it though. She's been trying to build her own ship, but finding one intact would save her the trouble of finishing that thing off.”
“She's trying to build a spaceship? What's that all about?” 
“It's a long story,” Zinada sighed. “I'll tell everyone all about it once Chris and Echo are back on their feet.”
“I see. Well, I don't recall ever seeing a ship around the area, and I've been near Kismet my entire life. Plenty of spare parts around here, as you may have noticed, but a whole ship? No, we'd have seen it by now.”
“So, you can't recall anything unusual from back then?” Zinada pressed. 
“Sorry, but so much has happened over the years,” Helmut explained as he finished up his work. “The place has certainly changed a lot. When I was a little boy, this area used to be swampland for kilometres in every direction. Debris and huge explosions must have changed the flow of the river or something. Ah, there you go, try that.”
Zinada pressed the same button as before, and this time, the suit's frame clamped onto her limbs properly. 
“How does it feel?” Helmut asked, adjusting his glasses.
“A little odd around the shoulders, but so long as it doesn't chafe, I should be okay,” she explained. She took a few steps around the workshop, feeling taller and stronger already. Flexing her arms, Zinada picked up a wrench and went to Virn's side. With a few powerful turns, she managed to properly secure the arm to its shoulder.
“Oh, I could get used to his,” Zinada remarked with a grin as she felt the suit strengthen her every movement. With Helmut watching approvingly, she went to work, welding and hammering Virn's arms back into their proper shape so he could start his own repairs. 
Together, they worked for a solid hour, even though there was nothing they could do for his armour. The titanium plates had been dented by impacts and shredded by high-calibre bullets, and wouldn't provide much protection in their current state. Still, Virn's chassis was straightened and he had full use of his limbs. 
Next, it was time to repair Echo. It was a sunny day, and the hotel's solar panels were at maximum capacity, but they'd need to do extensive replacement of his parts before they could put him on charge. It was odd to see him lying there, appearing lifeless and so overtly inhuman. 
Zinada stomped into the hotel's crowded lobby, catching the attention of everyone present. She ignored the curious looks and went straight for the staff room behind the counter. Sera hurried over to let Zinada in, then closed the door behind them. 
“I'm sorry about this,” Zinada said as Sera opened the hatch in which Gabriel's inert form rested. 
“No, it's time,” Sera responded as she looked down at the android. “My family has been holding on to this thing for generations, but I don't even really know what for. Best his parts go to Echo than sit here for another decade.”
Zinada nodded her understanding, then carefully lifted Gabriel in both arms with ease. Marvelling at the power this suit gave her, she hefted the android's body and took it back out to the workshop, with Sera making sure the doors were open along the way.
Zinada put Gabriel down next to Echo, then stepped back to let Virn do his thing. It was specialised work well outside Zinada's basic knowledge, so there wasn't much she could do from here.
Virn removed the tattered navy-blue outfit Gabriel was wearing, and started removing limbs and the like from his body. Zinada took the clothing aside, and noticed faded writing on the back. Most of it was too far gone to read, but a few letters remained.
“Kay one five, dash M,” Zinada said aloud, unable to make out the rest of it. She paused, thinking the jumble of letters and numbers seemed familiar. “Virn, do you recall the traffic control logs from Solaris?”
“I have most of that data intact, yes,” Virn answered while he worked, with Sera watching like a concerned mother.
“Show me on your screen,” she requested. The robot popped open his little side screen, which showed the logs Zinada asked him to remember, back in the bunker. There were plenty of ships represented on that display, each of which had a six or seven digit code of numbers and letters.
“Gabriel has a ship's designation code on his outfit,” Zinada remarked. 
“Is that what that is?” Sera responded. “I always wondered what that was about. Does that mean he's from a ship?” Zinada didn't answer, as she was staring at Virn's screen. The ship that went down in a powered, controlled flight had a code of K15-M37. 
“Gabriel is from the ship,” she breathed. “It did land somewhere in this area! Echo must have known something about it, because he was blocking Addison from the data projecting where it might have come down. How long until you're done, Virn?”
“Due to the scarcity of these components, I am conducting this procedure with utmost caution,” Virn answered. “I estimate thirty-five minutes until Echo Nine is online again.” Zinada nodded, hiding her frustration. 
She noticed Silas was staring at her, in a way that made her think he was reading her mind, as if he was waiting for her to figure something out. Zinada glanced at Virn's case where his designation was printed, V1-RN and she suddenly froze. 
Stumbling out of the room on muscles that protested every movement, Zinada stomped through the lobby with people hurrying to get clear. Heading out into the main street, she moved through the crowds of refugees and looked back at the hotel itself, as Sera, Helmut and Silas emerged, staring at her like she'd gone crazy. 
“Addison said she wanted to come here and take the hotel apart,” she blurted, “because she recognised it's made from old ship parts.” With her mind racing, Zinada ignored their blank looks and ran to the end of town, looking at the buildings along the way. None of them appeared to be made from the same parts as the hotel, but Zinada wasn't giving up on her hypothesis just yet. 
Glancing around at the town, she looked up at the glowing neon sign saying 'Kismet'. With the others watching her curiously, Zinada went over to the building the sign was attached to and climbed the side, a feat made easy from the strength provided by the exosuit. 
The buzzing sign was around three metres long, and mounted to some weathered looking old metal that was built at an angle. Taking out one of her tools, she pulled the power cable from the sign, then undid bolts holding it in place. 
Lifting the entire sign at once, she pulled it away and placed it carefully on the rooftop next to her, then looked at the panel it had been attached to. In faded black letters, she was barely able to make out K15-M37 imprinted on the metal. 
The town had been named after the ship's designation code.
With trembling hands, she jumped down to the ground and followed the curve of the metal. It went into the ground, but after digging away the dirt for nearly a minute, she never discovered where the metal ended. 
“What... what is this?” Sera stammered as Zinada rushed past her again, heading straight for the hotel. People clamoured to get out of her way as she went into the back room again, and looked down at the trapdoor Gabriel had been hiding in all this time. 
The bottom of the hole was lined with old curtains and blankets, which Zinada promptly ripped out. Instead of finding soil, she found more metal, the same faded white as the stuff the hotel was made of, and the same as what was behind the sign. 
Looking carefully, she could see a faint crack going all the way around the edge of the bottom of the hole. The exosuit made it difficult to use her hands for smaller tasks, but she was able to use her fingertips to feel around that edge, until she came across a slight indentation. 
She gripped it and pulled with all of her strength until the metal plating screeched open, revealing a dark hole descending into the ground at an angle. Puffing hard, Zinada stared down at the metal corridor, while Sera and Silas looked on in awe.
“This town was built on top of the ship,” Zinada said quietly. “It was right underneath us the whole time.” She touched the suit controls on her wrist and turned on a mounted flashlight, then crouched down, looking into the dark entrance. The walls were the colour of old steel, with splashes of rust here and there as corrosion made its way into the hull. Handles were bolted to the walls, forming a ladder descending into the gloom.
“How did I not know of this?” Sera remarked. “My family has been here for three generations.”
“Perhaps they never knew it was here in the first place,” Zinada answered. “We could ask some of the older people in town, but I think it's best we don't tell anyone about this just yet.”
“I've got to tell Chris, though,” Sera responded, heading for the door. 
“Be discreet!” Zinada called after her. She looked to Silas who appeared to be waiting for her instructions. “We're not going to find answers up here,” she said to him. “Hop on, and I'll take us down.”
Silas secured his tool pack on his back, then perched on top of the exosuit frame, using his hands to balance himself. Zinada put one foot inside the hole, feeling around for the first rung of the ladder before beginning the descent. The angle was strange, leaving Zinada unable to tell if she was on the floor, wall or ceiling. The air smelt stale and slightly metallic, understandable given it had been closed up for over eighty years.  
After climbing down ten metres, the corridor came to a three-way junction. She dropped the remaining half metre and landed with a resounding clang that echoed throughout the ship. 
“Sounds deserted,” Zinada said quietly as Silas hopped down. Together, they moved forward, trying to remain quiet but finding that impossible with her exosuit thumping with each footstep. 
It was an eerie feeling to be walking the halls of this old ship, but not an unfamiliar one. Zinada had delved into ruins not unlike this, but never so clean or well preserved.  They passed sliding doors that were locked tight, and control panels that were blank and unresponsive. 
The few doors that were accessible opened to reveal living quarters, with the personal effects of the crew piled up in a corner from when the ship had crashed. It was almost like walking through a tomb, except for the complete lack of visible bodies. When they reached the end of the corridor a few metres further on, it was time to think of a solution.
“We need power,” Silas suggested, looking up at the panel before them. He took out a little contraption of circuit boards and wires, then went behind Zinada and started fiddling with the exosuit.
“Hold still,” he advised, then went to the panel on the floor and pried it open with a screwdriver. Once inside, he found the right place to connect the suit's power to and within seconds, the panel flickered to life. 
“'Disconnected from mainframe',” Zinada read aloud. “Are we going to need to fix the entire computer system to open one door?” Silas made some unintelligible sounds and poked around behind the panel again, and this time a shower of sparks heralded some progress. The door made a dull thunk sound, but didn't open. 
“Try it,” Silas prompted, so Zinada put her hands on either side of the door's centre and pushed it apart. By the light of Zinada's suit, they could see a room perhaps ten metres across, curved on the far side, with several seats facing a series of curved displays. The whole thing was tilted at a crazy angle, and the position of the seats indicated Zinada and Silas were indeed walking on the walls. 
The seats themselves were designed with several belts that met in the middle, and one of these seats was still occupied. Silas disconnected his device from the door and hung it on Zinada's suit, then flew forward and landed on one of the seats. Zinada was more cautious, as she had a ten metre drop to avoid. She jumped across to the nearest handrail and from there, clambered across to the occupied seat.
A desiccated corpse wearing a navy-blue outfit similar to the one Gabriel wore, was strapped into what appeared to be the pilot's seat. 
“He died bringing it in for a safe landing,” Zinada said quietly, sparing a moment of thought for the lost crew of the doomed ship. Silas paused for only a few seconds, then poked his head beneath the panels to start examining the system. 
“Hello?” came the sound of Lyrik's voice from somewhere behind them. “Everything okay down there?”
“We're alright,” Zinada called back. “The place is empty. You should see it though, it's amazing.”
“I'm fine hanging around up here, thanks,” Lyric responded nervously. Zinada perched herself on a chair and looked around the control room, still astounded by her find while Silas poked around for a few minutes. Eventually, he swung around and grabbed his bundle of circuits from Zinada's suit, and connected them to something beneath the ship's controls.
“What are you up to?” she asked curiously. 
“To find out what happened,” he replied as he connected power to the system. “How is your suit’s power?” Zinada looked at her control display and saw the power cells were below fifty percent, and reported this to Silas. 
“This won't last long,” he responded, squawking as sparks flashed out of the panel. The displays in front of them came on, again with the 'disconnected from mainframe' message, but Silas kept working at it. The screen was suddenly filled with computer code that scrolled past, before finishing on a flashing cursor prompt. 
“Progress,” Silas remarked, pulling out his infopad which he connected to the panel. He tapped away at it for nearly a minute, with Zinada barely able to follow what he was doing until 'Access denied' flashed at the bottom of the screen. 
Silas typed in a request for information, and it came back with 'Executive authorisation required for archival access'.
“What does that mean?” Zinada asked, speaking quietly for no particular reason. 
“Only officers can get through,” Silas answered. “It's encrypted.” He tapped in a few commands and managed to find a list of officers. All of them were long dead of course, except for one.
“Gabriel Alpha Three, Executive Officer,” Zinada read aloud with a sinking feeling as she exchanged a look with Silas. “I think we just dismantled him.”

31
Survival

Echo was standing above the entrance to the ship as Zinada emerged, with Silas once again perched on her back. The android was dressed in Gabriel's faded navy-blue uniform and a ballistic vest, and appeared to be fully intact.
“Hey, you're up and about,” Zinada remarked with a measure of relief, as she climbed into the small storage room. “Feeling okay?”
“I feel as much as I normally do. Nothing,” he responded, without taking his eyes off the corridor leading down to the ship. “You've been busy in my absence.”
“Oh, you know, solving ancient mysteries and discovering lost treasures, my usual thing,” she replied with a smile she couldn't hide. 
“You're in good spirits for someone who just went through a war zone.”
“I'm trying not to think about that,” Zinada admitted. “Besides, we have some good news for a change.”
“This thing?” Echo asked, looking down the hole.
“Yeah, sort of. Say, about that body you're using. Could I borrow it for a little while?”
“You've already got a robot body,” Echo pointed out, glancing at her exosuit. 
“The ship requires authentication from an officer,” Silas said, hopping onto a table.
“So, Gabriel was an officer on the ship,” Echo stated, appearing mildly annoyed at this revelation. “That's inconvenient. Still, it's not like he was actually functional. Why do you want to access the computer?”
“This thing survived the Fall, or at least was only lightly damaged by it,” Zinada explained as she noticed the 'low power' warning on her suit. “The computer should have records of what happened, including whether or not it was actually involved in the event. For that, we need Gabriel's authority.”
“Maybe I could just use the head,” Silas wondered, jumping onto the floor and trotting off to the workshop. 
“It's good to see you again,” Zinada said quietly to Echo, who merely nodded in response. Even for the usually distant android, he seemed more withdrawn. Chris, Lyrik and Sera approached the small room, with the two ladies half-carrying the sheriff between them. Beyond them, Zinada noticed some in the crowded lounge paying close attention to their comings and goings. 
“I'll be damned,” Chris muttered as they entered the storage room and look down at the ship's entrance. “Right under our noses. Just put me down over there, ladies.” 
“On a professional note,” Lyrik said between breaths, “you might consider losing a little weight.” They put him down on a chair and closed the door behind them.
“So, even if you wire Gabriel's head to the computer, how are you planning to power it?” Echo asked Zinada.
“You're doing what now?” Sera asked with a measure of alarm.
“You heard,” Echo answered without looking at her. 
“Virn's good with reactor systems,” Zinada responded, reaching up to turn on her wireless earpiece. “Virn, do you copy?”
“I hear you, Zinada,” came the reply. 
“Are you able to repair the reactor on a starship?”
“Yes.”
“Come to the storage room behind the counter, I've got a new job for you.”
“I will be there presently,” Virn answered. 
“How is he going to get down that hole?” Lyrik wondered, peering down into the darkness. 
“We'll think of something,” Zinada replied, rubbing her eyes. 
“Feeling okay?” Lyrik asked. 
“The pain is starting to come back again.”
“Well, that's what you get for going back to work so soon. That suit helps, but it's no substitute for rest.”
“I need more pills,” Zinada requested.
“You had two less than twelve hours ago,” Lyrik reminded her. “If you have too many, they can stop your heart.”
“One more right now won't hurt,” Zinada suggested, eager for some relief. “I've been medicating myself for years.”
“Oh, so you're the doctor now?” Lyrik chided her. 
“No, but technically neither are you.”
“I'm as close as you're likely to get,” Lyrik responded. “Now, you'll get more pills this evening, not before. I'm not trying to be cruel, Zinada. This is for your own good.”
“Grumble,” Zinada muttered aloud as the door opened, and the hulking form of Virn squeezed through. Everyone moved over a little more to give him space. 
“Can you get down there?” Echo asked. Virn paused for a few seconds as whirring sounds from within indicated he was probably scanning the area.
“Yes, I am able to articulate my body enough to fit through that space. I have powerful magnets near my tracks that are used when operating in space. Please stand aside.”
They moved over even more as Virn's upper body tilted forward until he was almost horizontal. He reached into the corridor and grabbed hold of the supports, then gradually lowered himself in, with his tracked wheels planted firmly against the wall. Silas came through the door a few seconds after Virn was fully inside the corridor, carrying the remains of Gabriel's head, and some other equipment. He managed to hop onto the robot's frame as Virn continued into the ship.
“I need to put this thing on charge,” Zinada announced, tapping the frame on her chest. “I'll be right back.” She stomped out of the storage room and closed the door behind her, making her way to the workshop where she was able to plug into the hotel's power grid. It was being heavily used, but the sunny day ensured the panels on top were putting out peak power. 
Stepping out of the exosuit made her feel weak and useless again, a feeling she truly hated. Zinada stretched her aching muscles and hobbled back to join the others. As she was close, she heard Sera talking on the radio. 
“I have a message for Sheriff Ortega,” a familiar voice said. Zinada recognised it as Harry Kimura in Mineros. 
“Tell me your message and I'll pass it along,” Sera answered testily. Chris heard them speaking and managed to limp out to the counter. 
“I'll take it, honey,” he instructed. Sera gave him the handset and helped him get seated at the counter. “Is that you Harry?” 
“Yeah, it's good to hear your voice,” Kimura replied. “When I heard you'd been captured, I figured you were a dead man. I want you to know I had nothing to do with that.”
“Is that what you called about? Thanks, bye.”
“No there's more, you idiot,” Harry snapped. “You and your people kicked the hornet's nest up here. Dozens of enforcers are dead, and a lot of their weapons have fallen into the hands of local citizens. There's fighting in the streets, and the place is on lockdown while the remaining enforcers try to get the place under control.”
“So, you're saying we started a rebellion that's going to topple your corrupt oligarchy? You're welcome,” Chris responded with a wink at Zinada. 
“That's not going to happen, and you know it,” Harry retorted. “You've just caused the deaths of hundreds of people who think they have a fighting chance. Addison is coming down hard on them, but that's not even why I'm contacting you.”
“Get to it son, I'm busy,” Chris warned as his patience ran out.
“Twelve heavily armoured vehicles just passed through our sector, heading your way,” Harry explained. “They have orders to dismantle your town for parts, and kill anyone who gets in the way. Oh, and if you or Zinada Fierro are there, their orders are to kill on sight.”
People in the hotel lounge could hear most of the conversation, and were instantly alarmed. Naomi and Vilney came up to Zinada for answers.
“Did they just say a bunch of people are coming here to dismantle the place?” Vilney asked.
“Sounds like it,” Zinada replied, despondent. 
“What happened to your giant robot dog?” Naomi asked.
“It's gone.”
“Gone?” Vilney exclaimed. “What the hell are we going to defend the place with now? A few guns?”
“I don't know,” Zinada answered honestly, “but we'll figure something out.”
“Not this time,” Vilney growled. “I'm grabbing my stuff and getting out of there. You should tell everyone else to do the same.”
“Why did you have to go to Mineros?” Naomi asked earnestly. “You've signed our death warrants.” Zinada tried to answer, but couldn't find the words. The two of them hurried off to grab their things, telling others along the way of their situation. Chris finished his conversation by tossing the handpiece across the counter in disgust.
“Well, we're fucked,” he snarled as he grabbed the attention of everyone around him. “They'll be here in less than five hours.”
“Keep your voice down,” Sera warned as people in the lounge started rushing for the door. 
“Let them go,” Ortega sighed, “we can't defend the place anyway. Better they get out of here.”
“We can defend it,” Zinada said, drawing a strange look from the sheriff. “The ship.”
“Let me list the reasons why that's a terrible idea,” Echo pointed out from the doorway. “It's underground. It hasn't run in eight decades. It was damaged in the Event, which is why it crashed. Even if Virn can get the reactor running, there's no telling if it'll actually fly, and even if it does, getting it out of the ground will destroy the town in the process.”
“Do you have a better idea?” Zinada inquired. 
“We had a better idea before we took off for the city,” Chris grumbled. “A fifty-ton war machine to protect the town. Tell me, Echo – was it your idea to bring it along without asking me, or did Silas do it of his own volition?”
“It was my plan,” Echo replied evenly.
“Well, great plan,” Chris growled. “You not only deprived the town of a solid defence, you've started a war in Mineros.”
“I used the assets at my disposal to ensure our survival,” Echo responded. “You're welcome.”
“Stop bickering,” Zinada sighed. “It's pointless arguing about it. Right now, our best chance to stop this attack is to fix the ship before they get here.”
“Good luck with that,” Echo said before heading into the workshop. Zinada exhaled in frustration and leaned against the wall, staring at the ceiling and wondering if the place was going to even be here in five hours. 
“Stressed?” Lyrik asked, having watched the whole discussion.
“A little bit, yeah,” Zinada suggested, underplaying exactly how she felt.
“I can give you a little something to help with that,” Lyrik offered in a voice little more than a whisper.
“I'd love to just give up and send myself into a drug-filled stupor, but there's important stuff that needs doing,” Zinada replied with a little more anger than she'd intended. Lyrik nodded silently and slunk away, leaving Zinada regretting her hasty words. 
“Something's happening outside,” Sera remarked, going to the door to look. “People are getting nervous. Word is spreading. Hey, cool it, you two!” she called, heading into the street to calm down some troublemakers.
“Well, I'd better get ready for a last stand,” Chris muttered, heaving himself back onto his feet. “Keep me updated on your progress with the ship.”
“Yeah, okay,” Zinada replied despondently as the sheriff limped away, leaving her in an increasingly deserted hotel. Realising Virn could use some help down below, Zinada went to the workshop to try and convince Echo to pitch in. She found the android loading the van with parts and equipment, as though he were about to leave.
“What's this?” she asked incredulously. “You got your new body and you're leaving?”
“Payment for services rendered,” Echo answered as he set a box down. “I'm taking the van too. The solar panels will keep me charged, so I'm not stuck here any longer.”
“Yeah, we wouldn't want that,” Zinada muttered. 
“You can keep the Infinity. Silas will rig up a bypass to the security system for you.”
“I don't care about that. We could use your help fixing the ship.”
“No, I'm done here,” Echo stated. Zinada levelled a stare at him until he stopped what he was doing and turned to speak. “Look, my backup plan to get us out of Mineros worked, but I wasn't expecting to get smashed into pieces in the process. I gave just about everything I had to get this far, and now those psychopaths are coming for us again. People are right to be leaving – this place is going to be a smoking crater before sunset.” 
“I just can't imagine you running from a fight,” Zinada remarked. “Come on, stay and help. Even if you don't think the ship will fly again, you can defend the place.”
“It's not worth the risk,” Echo answered, “and there's no more spare parts for me. Time to move on. You should consider leaving, too. You don't owe these people any more than you've already done. I've seen how they talk to you, and about you when you're not around. To them, you're a scavenger, nothing more. Save yourself, Zinada.”
“What? You think I'm so superficial that hearing about people's opinions about me would make me want to leave them for dead?” Zinada almost shouted. Echo looked at her with unwavering eyes, which did nothing to dissuade her rising anger. “You've told me before that I should be more like you, all about survival at any cost. But if I were to leave, then those people who say I'm nothing more than a scavenger would be right.
“Maybe I used to be like that, but not anymore. I've seen people struggle like I've struggled, and I can't sit by and watch this happen. I'm not going to give up on them, because for all we know, those living in this region might be the last survivors of humanity anywhere. So, I do care about survival, but not just for me – for my entire species. 
“I'm going to fix that ship or die trying. I will not give in, I will never say die, and I won't stop until everyone trying to survive in this wretched place is alive and well, and if you can't bring yourself to care about something other than your own hollow existence, then kindly fuck off.”
Zinada went to where the exosuit was charging and stepped inside, then disconnected the cables and stormed out of the workshop. The controls indicated it was only at thirty percent charge, but it would do for now. She didn't look back to see how Echo reacted, and frankly was beyond caring about a machine that had no interest in anything beyond its own existence. 
She went to the storage room and climbed down into the ship once more, with her suit lighting the way. The sounds of power tools whirring could be heard, so she followed the noise until she reached what appeared to be the engine room. A large cylinder running from floor to ceiling was built right into the centre of the room, which Zinada recognised as a fusion reactor similar to the one at the bunker in Solaris. 
Virn was working here, using an angle grinder to cut his way into part of the wall that he was parked on top of. He sensed her approach and stopped work.
“Hi Virn, what have you found?” Zinada asked, finally calming down from her outburst. She was more tired than she realised and was starting to regret opening her mouth at all today.
“Zinada, I have conducted a preliminary assessment of the vessel,” Virn rumbled. “The reactor is intact, and appears to be undamaged. The power conduits appear to have sustained damage during the landing, which I am repairing now.”
“So, you'll be able to turn it on soon?” Zinada asked.
“Yes, but we need water to produce deuterium for fuel, and provide electricity in order to achieve ignition.”
“Oh, that's right. I'll go and fetch a bucketful.”
“In order for the ship to achieve flight for at least a few hours, we will need approximately one thousand litres,” Virn informed her. Zinada stared at him without speaking for a few seconds, wondering how to get so much water down here. 
“Anything else?” she asked.
“The superstructure appears to be intact, but the mainframe will need to be brought online for a reliable assessment.”
“This is really good news, but how did the ship manage to survive so well?” Zinada wondered aloud. 
“That is unknown at this time,” Virn answered. “The ship’s logs may provide answers.”
“Okay. I’ll see what I can do about the water. If I bring the hotel’s power cables down here, will that be enough to charge the ship?” 
“It will start the process, though the hotel’s power supply may be insufficient to complete the task.”
“Well, it’s a start. I’ll be right back.”
“Thank you, Zinada,” Virn replied, turning back to his work. She was about to walk away when a thought occurred to her.
“Virn, how is it that you're so willing to help others, but Echo, who is also a machine, isn't?”
“Aside from the technological advancements present in an android system,” Virn responded, “we were both created to serve our commanders. I have you, Sheriff Ortega and Echo Nine to serve. Echo Nine has nobody.”
“He's... lost?” Zinada asked quietly. 
“In the absence of orders, we revert to our basic functions. Mine is security and maintenance. For Echo Nine, it's –”
“Survival,” Zinada mumbled. “Okay, thanks for the insight.” She left him to get back to work, pondering the nature of artificial life. She climbed back upstairs and took the power cables leading from the hotel’s power grid from the garage, and tossed one end of them into the ship. 
Once she'd climbed down and hauled the cables to Virn, he attached them to a pair of connectors in the exposed wall of the reactor room. Zinada mentally crossed her fingers, since the exosuit's metal gloves wouldn't let her, and waited for signs of life. Virn threw a heavy switch on the wall and lights flickered on throughout the ship, along with holographic screens that came to life. 
“She lives,” Zinada whispered in awe.

32
Community

Zinada stared at the android brain sitting on the side of a counter. It was part mechanical, but also appeared to have other qualities that made it appear somewhat like a sponge. Nearby, Silas had pulled open panels in an effort to access the ship's mainframe computer. 
“You're going to try what, exactly?” she asked Silas, who was halfway inside the panels with wiring and circuitry strewn about.
“The ship had an artificial intelligence,” Silas explained while working. “It's no longer working, so to use Gabriel's access, I need to install his brain as the new ship AI.”
“But Gabriel wasn't working anymore,” Zinada pointed out, peering into the opening to see what he was doing. 
“It's possible only motor functions had stopped. It might work,” Silas answered. “I need Virn for this.”
“Receiving,” Virn responded over the comms. “I have finished repairing damaged power systems throughout the ship, and I am heading to you now. Zinada, the ship still requires a large amount of water to convert into fuel.”
“Right, right,” she muttered, wishing she could rub her eyes in the exosuit. “I'll see what I can do.” Reluctantly, she pulled herself up towards the door, noting that the low power light had come on the suit again. She just didn't have time to fully recharge it, and with little over four hours before the wrecking crew arrived from Mineros, Zinada feared she wasn't going to last that long.
It was difficult for her to make her way through the tilted decks of the ship, which forced her to climb around corners and jump over doorways to get anywhere, even with the exosuit granting her extra strength. 
The ship itself didn't seem especially large. Zinada was able to get from the engine room all the way to the control room in a few minutes, and she guessed the overall length to be under eighty metres. With the power back online, she was at least able to see where she was going. Corrosion was visible on just about every surface, a legacy of the buried ship's time underground.
She stumbled while trying to jump over an open doorway and fell into a room. Zinada frantically clawed the walls on her way down to stop her fall, and succeeded in at least slowing down so the impact wasn't so bad. Still, she hit the wall hard enough that it hurt, the last thing her recovering body needed. 
Glancing around, she appeared to be in the ship's workshop, with an extensive array of tools secured to the walls. Large, sealed bins were attached to the sides of the room, although three of them had broken and strewn bits and pieces of technology around the place. Zinada herself appeared to have fallen into an alcove. 
There was a heavy-duty power connector on the wall, and some other cables whose purpose she wasn't sure of. The light on her suit revealed what was printed on the inside of the alcove – V1-RN.
“Uh, Virn?” she said over comms.
“Receiving,” he rumbled in reply.
“I'm in a small alcove that looks about your size, and it has your ID number on it.”
“What?” Silas squawked over the comms. 
“I don't suppose you remember being on board a space ship?” Zinada asked. “Like, this space ship?”
“I have no recollection of that,” Virn predictably replied. “Vessels of this type would typically employ an automaton to perform maintenance and engineering duties, though.”
“Well, it looks like you were the ship's mechanic at some point,” Zinada said as she pulled herself up. “We have something to talk about when we get a chance.”
Zinada managed to climb out of the room by using the storage bins as a ladder, then emerged from the ship into the hotel, which was practically deserted now. Outside, droves of people collapsed tents and packed their meagre possessions in preparation to leave. Lyrik was standing in the lounge, looking out the window, quiet and pensive.
“Are you okay?” Zinada asked out of concern. 
“It's nothing important,” Lyrik replied in her harmonic voice, turning to regard Zinada. “You look exhausted.”
“I am,” Zinada conceded, leaning against the door frame to catch her breath. “But I can't stop now. The next few hours are really important.”
“Can I help? I feel quite useless at the moment.”
“Well, I don't suppose you have something that could give me a little kick?” Zinada inquired cautiously. Lyrik, scoured the tables around her for one of her kits, then opened it and looked inside.
“Let's see what the good doctor has available,” she murmured, sifting through vials and syringes. “A little EnergyX should keep you going. But just a warning, you might feel a little too confident on this. Oh, and you'll fall in a heap when it runs out, so just be ready for that.”
“Hit me,” Zinada ordered, pointing at her neck. Lyrik walked over and injected the drug. It stung a little, but within seconds, Zinada was already feeling a lift. “Oh, nice,” she said, almost laughing. “Okay, back to work. I need to find a way to pipe a thousand litres of water into the ship's tank to change into fuel.” 
“Perhaps some sort of hose?” Lyrik suggested.
“I know McVeigh has a rubber hose we can use, but it won't be long enough on its own. Search around and see if you can find more.” They headed into the town to try and find more among the throngs of survivors. After searching through houses and other buildings, Zinada resorted to asking the locals if they had any. Few did, and they only had short hoses that wouldn't do the job. Lyrik caught up with Zinada to report a similar result.
“Now what?” she asked. Zinada, who was feeling much better and was able to think clearly, looked around for inspiration and noticed a lot of people were using old buckets to carry their possessions. 
“The river isn't far from here,” Zinada murmured, drawing a confused look from Lyrik. Without explaining, Zinada found a wooden crate to stand on, and turned to face the milling crowd.
“Can I have your attention?” she called out loudly to the throng. A few turned to see who was speaking, but most ignored her and kept moving. “Hey, I need to speak to you for a minute!” she yelled, which didn't seem to have much effect. 
“You're half the reason we have to leave,” one middle-aged man grumbled on his way past. Zinada wasn't sure how to respond to that, given that nobody was hanging around to listen, but Lyrik came over and touched her on the arm.
“Let me try,” she suggested lightly, taking her place on the wooden crate. Lyrik cleared her throat and then called out a long, warbling note that sounded like two people singing. The entire crowd stopped to see what the source was, and was greeted by Lyrik's smiling face.
“Hello, people of Kismet and survivors of the local region. Most of you know me as 'that alien doctor chick', but my name is Lyrik, and I want to ask something of you. I know you've heard rumours about the imminent arrival of people who want to harm us, and I understand you want to find somewhere safe to live. As strange as this may sound, that's the same reason I came here, to Kismet.”
“I've been in a bad place for most of my life, but here, I found something else, a place of safety and community, where people aren't stabbing each other in the back every other day. There aren't many places like it in this messed up world. It's a place worth fighting for.”
“How are we gonna fight without weapons?” one shouted back, receiving a general murmur of agreement from the crowd. “What are we supposed to use?”
“We need buckets,” Zinada whispered to Lyrik.
“Some of you know Zinada,” Lyrik called to the crowd, with a few of them grumbling in response. “I have only known her for a few days, but she saved my life, and she has an idea to save yours. Please listen.” She gestured for Zinada to speak, and she climbed onto the crate to address the people. 
“I need everyone with a bucket to form a line between the hotel and the river,” she called. “Start bucketing water and passing it along to the next in line. And I need twelve people to come with me underground.”
“What's this for, exactly?” one suspicious man shouted. 
“We're going to power up an old spaceship and use it to defend the town,” Zinada shouted. “Once it has enough water, everyone needs to clear out, as it's going to make a huge crater when it takes off.”
“If it takes off,” Lyrik whispered to her, but Zinada shushed her.
“Come on, we don't have much time,” she called. Sera moved through the crowd and started linking people up, forming the bucket brigade. Once it was started, people began sorting themselves out, extending the line further out of town towards the river. 
“Okay, nice little speech there,” Zinada said to Lyrik as they climbed down and headed back into the hotel. 
“Sometimes, I think I could just stand there speaking complete nonsense, and people would still do what I want,” Lyrik remarked.
“I can't imagine why,” Zinada said with a smirk, then started organising people to go down into the hull. Sera and Chris arrived to help, with the injured man insisting he was capable of passing buckets around. 
The tricky part would be lowering buckets down through the corridor, but with people passing the buckets along the safety rungs, it'd work. Zinada headed into the hotel and almost bumped into Echo, who stood impassively watching.
“Oh, you're back,” she remarked, surprised and a little embarrassed by her earlier comments. “I thought you'd be long gone by now.”
“I moved the vehicles away from the town, so they won't be wrecked if you manage to get that ship into the air.” he replied. 
“Thanks, I appreciate that,” Zinada said. “What changed your mind?”
“A lot of people in this world would just walk away from this,” he explained as Lyrik guided people through to the storage room behind them. “People only interested in their own existence, regardless of the consequences. The kind of people who like what the world has become, and work to keep it this way. I need to prove to myself that I'm not one of them.”
“That's a pretty good reason,” Zinada remarked, looking at him in surprise and approval. 
“Besides, without me, how are you going to fly this thing?” Echo pointed out.
“There's another good reason. You're all kinds of helpful right now. Let's keep that going by getting you down to the ship.”
She led him through the storage room and climbed down, passing by bewildered locals that Lyrik and Sera were guiding to where they needed to be. They seemed taken aback by the presence of a ship beneath the town, but Zinada assured them it was safe. Silas caught her attention on her way past the mainframe centre, so she climbed down into the room to see what was happening, with Sera and Echo following behind her.
“Success?” Zinada asked hopefully. Panels had been removed across the walls, exposing the innards of the computer system.
“It's so strange seeing Gabriel's brain hooked up like that,” Sera remarked distastefully. 
“Just remember, it's a machine, not a human brain,” Zinada pointed out. “It's not so gross when you think about it like that.”
“Gabriel has been wired to the computer core,” Virn reported, “and we have successfully rebooted the system. However, extensive damage to circuits over time has reduced its functionality considerably.”
“Is it going to be enough to run the ship?”
“We're about to find out,” Silas replied, flipping a switch. The walls lit up as power fed into the system, and a few sparks flared here and there. A faint hum filled the room, and a display on the wall was filled with scrolling code. 
After a few seconds, the screen cleared, and a more organised structure of functions appeared. Engines, power grid, life support, all of the things one should expect to find on a ship's display.
“Are they supposed to be flashing red like that?” Sera asked, while Zinada's hopeful expression faded. 
“I am reading extensive damage across all systems,” Virn reported. “The ship's seals failed long ago, allowing moisture inside to corrode vital systems. It will need extensive work before it can go into space.”
“But can it take off and fight?” Zinada asked nervously. 
“The grav plates are solid state devices that should still function,” Virn answered. “It may be possible to fly the ship in atmosphere. I will need to inspect the weapons and deflector functions before I can assess its combat capabilities. Have you secured a supply of water?”
“Yes, we have a line of people moving buckets of water from the river, down to the water tank,” she answered. Virn manipulated the controls of the closest panel, which brought up a display of the power system.
“Production of deuterium is proceeding at maximum efficiency,” Virn reported, but the ignition capacitors need substantial charge in order to start the reactor. At the current rate, it will require thirty-seven hours to reach ignition.”
“That’s a problem,” Zinada muttered.
“The Infinity is fusion powered,” Echo suggested. “I’ll bring it back and hook it up to the hotel’s grid.” He headed to the door, passing by people who were moving the first buckets of water along the line into the reactor room. 
“It worked,” Silas reported, tapping away at a primitive mechanical keyboard. “The computer recognised Gabriel's authority. I have access to the archives.”
“Can you show us his last recording?” Zinada asked. Silas clicked his beak twice, then looked up at the screen on the wall. The image was distorted, with corrupted images and visual artifacts obscuring parts of the playback.
They were looking at a recording of Gabriel, who was strapped into one of the chairs on the ships' bridge. The rest of the room was deserted.
“The plan worked,” he reported, with a voice that sounded similar to Echo's. “By shutting down and disconnecting power systems across the ship, the expected energy blast had minimal effect on us.” Gabriel was buffeted around on the screen, and the lights on board flickered. “The trouble is, we're in an uncontrolled descent into Paragon's atmosphere.
“I am attempting to restart the reactor and reroute power around damaged conduits to give us some control, but it seems unlikely we will avoid a crash landing. I have ordered the rest of the crew to abandon ship, while myself, our pilot and mechanic attempt a controlled landing. Our scientist, Alfred Fierro, will lead the survivors and attempt to relay our findings back to Paragon Naval Command.”
“Alfred,” Zinada repeated. “My great grandfather had the same name.” She looked at Sera with an expression of sudden understanding.
“You're a descendent of the original crew,” Sera breathed. 
“My parents never mentioned anything about that,” Zinada whispered, continuing to watch the replay in silence. The ship was being rocked about more and more as the footage went on, a sure sign of its inevitable demise.
“In the event Fierro is unsuccessful,” Gabriel went on, “I will try to preserve the ship's logs so that someone can find them and continue the mission. Should you find this log, know that we did our utmost to survive and warn others of the coming calamity.” 
“Commander,” came Virn's voice on the video, “I have restored partial control of the gravity plates. Extensive damage to the power conduits for thrusters and other systems cannot be repaired before impact.”
“There you are, Virn, as I thought,” Zinada remarked, taken aback by the revelations the video was showing. The image distorted some more, and voice was lost, but it did switch to a view from the front of the ship, soaring over the countryside on a direct course with what appeared to be swamplands. The ship hit the ground at a fantastic speed, and the image went black.
“There are other files,” Silas explained, “but it will take work to make them watchable.”
“I think we've seen enough for now,” Zinada answered, digesting everything she'd just learned. “We'll get back to this if we survive the next few hours. Let's make sure this thing can actually fly.”
With a strange sense of responsibility, Zinada climbed out of the room to see people continuing to pass buckets along the line. Virn reported that the Infinity had been connected to the power line, and the rate of capacitor charging had increased tenfold. There was nothing else to do but to endure a tense wait. 
Zinada went and put her exosuit on charge in the ship's workshop, using the same alcove that Virn had once charged himself in. She made sure to set it to low power so it wouldn't interfere with the capacitor charging, then made her way to a spot near the exit corridor.
Once the people had bucketed enough water into the tank, she thanked them and helped them back upstairs, then made her way to the bridge to find a seat. Shortly, Silas, Echo and Lyrik joined her there for the tense wait. 
Lyrik lasted about ten minutes before she pulled out one of her mini-syringes and injected herself with something to 'take the edge off', and promptly fell asleep. Zinada was a little envious, but resolved to stay alert. 
Hours passed while Silas continued to check all of the controls for proper function, and Echo familiarised himself with the pilot's station. Zinada did the same with her display, which worked much like an infopad with simple, clear buttons on the screen to control various ship functions. Most of it was too technical to understand, but after a while, she had a firm grasp on basic functions. 
“Have you flown anything like this before?” Zinada asked, seated in the same spot Gabriel had made his final report in. 
“No, but I ran simulations,” Echo responded. “Don't worry, I won't crash.”
“Hey,” Chris suddenly called over the comms. “My scouts have reported the approach of a whole lot of vehicles coming in from the north.”
“They're early,” Echo remarked. 
“Whatever you're going to do, now's the time,” Chris warned. 
“Shit, can we take off yet?” Zinada asked Virn. 
“We can attempt to start the reactor in seven minutes,” he answered. 
“’Attempt’?” Zinada repeated. “What happens if it doesn’t work?”
“We have to restart the process from scratch,” Echo said. “Sheriff, standby to disconnect us from the hotel and clear everyone out of town. Virn, the second you calculate we have enough power to start the reactor, do it.” 
Silas quickly put his tools into his pack, then flew over to another seat. The chair was designed for humans, not large birds, so he strapped himself in as best he could. 
“Uh, do I need to be here?” Lyrik asked, suddenly awake and alarmed. 
“I think we're both kind of useless,” Zinada admitted, waiting helplessly as the power gauge on her screen slowly reached towards maximum. Tense minutes went by, made worse as Chris reported shots fired on the outskirts of town, before Virn finally signalled he was commencing the ignition sequence.
“Chris, remove the cables and get out of there,” Echo advised. Zinada mentally crossed her fingers and waited for signs of life from the ship. There was a sound of power building up within the system, until a heavy thump came from the reactor room. A dull hum could be heard and felt through her body, as the old reactor came to life.
“Reactor online, running diagnostics,” Virn calmly reported, drawing an immense feeling of relief from Zinada. 
“Yes,” she hissed under her breath, watching a camera feed that showed the cables being pulled out of the entrance corridor, and the outer door closed. 
“We’re clear,” Chris reported shortly afterward.
“How’s it looking, Virn?” Echo inquired as he went over launch procedures. 
“Reaction stable,” the robot reported. 
“Okay, I'm going to need all the power you can give me to dig this thing out.” 
“Copy,” Virn answered. The dull hum increased and the ship began to shake. Several warning alarms went off, which Echo quickly shut down.
“The ship’s complaining that there’s an obstruction,” he reported. 
“Well, yeah,” Lyrik remarked lightly, even as she clutched tightly onto her seat.
“Keep it coming,” Echo said to Virn, as the ship's power increased further. The ship was vibrating intensely now, but there was no sign of it moving. “Is that all you've got?”
“Power output is at seventy percent,” Virn responded. “The reactor is operating inefficiently, and running it any harder without a proper service is not advised.”
“Chris, what's happening up there?” Zinada asked, receiving a faint response from the sheriff.
“Holy shit,” were his exact words, but what he was exclaiming about, Zinada could only guess. Finally, the ship lurched upwards a bit, and they held on tightly as the old relic started to move. The screen in front of Zinada showed only darkness, but she was able to discern a little movement as light began to filter in.
Then, all at once, the ship began to slowly levitate, and the view from their cameras revealed what Chris had found so remarkable.
Most of the Starlight Hotel was hovering above them in pieces, along with tons of dirt and rock, forming a slow-motion fountain of loose material above them. The ship crested ground level and Echo righted its angle, affording them a spectacular view of the countryside around Kismet, and the dozen or so armoured vehicles pointing guns at them.

33
Conviction

The control panel in front of Zinada chimed, indicating there was someone trying to send them a signal. Finding the timing to be too much of a coincidence, she tapped the receive button to find out who it was.
“To whoever is flying that ship,” came Archie's distinctive voice over crackling speakers within the walls, “I'm ordering you to land it immediately. Then exit the craft and hand over the keys, or whatever you use to make it go.”
“Or what?” Zinada replied defiantly.
“Oh, it's you. I suppose I should have figured that. If you don't give us the ship, well, you can probably see all the guns me crew and I have pointed at what's left of your town. I'm guessing you don't care about the buildings, seeing as how you just destroyed a bunch, but there's plenty of people on the outskirts we can blow to bits. So, you've got one minute to respond before we open fire.”
“He's not subtle, is he,” Lyrik remarked dourly. Zinada muted the channel and turned to Echo.
“Can we actually fight?”
“Virn, give me a report on the combat systems,” Echo requested over the in-ship communications channel. “Assuming this ship actually has any.”
“Echo, the ship is an Icarus-class scout vessel,” Virn answered. “It is equipped with port and starboard point defence lasers, both of which are inoperative. Both plasma engines are damaged, but the deflectors are functioning.”
“I can use those,” Silas responded, tapping furiously at his control panel. Zinada looked at the view from the bow camera at the array of vehicles before them, and saw heavy guns and a few missile launchers too. It might not be enough to harm the ship, but it would devastate the people fleeing the town. She un-muted the channel.
“... seven, six, five,” Archie was saying, then paused. “Hang on, the boss wants a word.” A second signal flashed on Zinada's console, coming from Mineros. She hesitated for a few seconds, then accepted the call. The screen revealed Kameira Addison, who appeared to be inside a dark room with screens lit up behind her. She looked like she had aged several decades – her skin was waxy and pale, her eyes seemed glazed, and her hair was fraying and appeared to be falling out.
“Zinada, congratulations,” Kameira said, her voice dry and withered. “I'm impressed you located that ship so quickly, and even more impressed your crew restored it to operation, but I can't let you keep it. Unless, of course, you tell me where you hid the Aeon.”
“I'm not going to do that,” Zinada answered. “Regardless of what's going to happen next, your time is coming to an end.” 
“I determine when my time is over, not you,” Kameira sneered. “I didn't live this long to have some upstart scavenger threaten everything I've built. Tell me where to find the Aeon, or I'll make sure everyone in Mineros pays a price for your defiance.”
“Leave them out of this,” Zinada warned. 
“Make me,” Addison retorted. Zinada muted the sound and cut the visual feed. 
“I'm all for fighting,” Lyrik remarked, “but we need something to fight with.” Zinada sighed and looked at the camera feed from outside the ship, contemplating the possibility of surrender. Above them, large chunks of scrap and earth still hovered there, held up by the force of the ship's gravity plates. 
“Echo, can we do that to their vehicles?” she asked. 
“You mean, toss them about?” he responded, drawing a raised eyebrow of hope from Zinada. 
“It's worth a try,” she said. 
“Gravity plates aren't really designed for that, so we run the risk of burning them out. Virn, run the plates at one hundred and twenty percent, but be ready to cut it back if there’s a problem.”
“Copy,” Virn answered. The faint hum vibrating through the ship intensified, and Echo moved them forward, bearing down on the convoy of attack vehicles. Archie must have recognised they'd made their choice, and had his crew open fire. 
Bullets and shells raked the ship, with most of them bouncing off the titanium hull. It bucked from a few solid impacts, then settled down. From Zinada's camera view, she could see incoming fire being deflected harmlessly away by some unseen force, and knew Silas had managed to operate the ship's deflector. 
Echo brought the ship right over the top of the vehicles, and the hum within the vessel grew even louder. Zinada crossed her fingers hoping this would work, and to her astonishment, Archie's lead car was pulled from the ground and flung skyward. It sailed through the air and tumbled around on its way down, crashing into the ground twenty metres away. 
Echo pushed the ship faster, passing over the top of the entire convoy. Cars and vans were flung about in a wave, as if tossed by a giant, invisible hand, until they came crashing down again. Some of them exploded as the ordnance within detonated on contact, leaving only the crumpled remains of the rest in the ship's wake. Lyrik cried out in triumph, and Zinada's mouth was open wide at the display.  
“Warning, system overload,” Virn announced, pulling back on the power until the hum throughout the ship subsided. 
“Any damage?” Echo asked. 
“Circuitry in gravity plates two and three have reduced maximum output to thirty percent,” Virn responded. “I am attempting to compensate to ensure the ship can remain in flight.”
“Okay let's not do that again,” Zinada remarked, though she was still smiling as she tapped her controls. “Chris, are you reading me?”
“Yeah, I read you, Zinada,” Sheriff Ortega responded. “That was a hell of a show, well done. We can take care of any survivors from here.”
“I'm glad to hear it, because we have to go to Mineros and stop Addison.” She nodded at Echo, who pointed the ship north and increased speed. 
“Well, good luck to you all,” Chris said. “We'll be here waiting for you when you get back.” Zinada cut off the channel, and noticed Addison was still on hold. Tentatively, she opened the channel again and saw Kameira glaring at her.
“I never wanted this,” she said with cold fury. “If I hadn't lost the Aeon, my entire plan would have slowly come to fruition as we started rebuilding the old world. The thing about living as long as I have, is you know that you can commit unspeakable acts, and the horrible memories will eventually fade. Just remember, what's about to happen was your choice.” The signal went dead, leaving Zinada staring at a blank screen.
“Get us to Mineros, as fast as you can,” Zinada instructed Echo, who increased the ship's speed even more.
“We're going to need a working weapon if you want to get into a fight,” Echo suggested. “Silas, see what you and Virn can do about fixing one of the lasers.”
“On it,” Silas answered, unstrapping himself from the chair and flying down the corridor to the engine room. On the screen before her, Zinada saw the countryside below flashing past them, even faster than their dash back from Mineros while driving the Apex Infinity. 
“We'll be there in twenty-three minutes,” Echo informed them. “Before we get there, there's something we need to discuss. I take it your plan is to knock over Addison to 'free the city from her clutches', or something along those lines?”
“Yep,” Zinada answered. “She's crushed the life out of that place for far too long. And remember, we’re responsible for starting this fight, and we can’t let others pay the price for that.”
“The thing about overthrowing a government is, it almost always leads to the rise of tyranny,” Echo warned. “The ones that are best at fighting in that war are the ones most likely to continue the old government's oppressive ways, under the guise of freedom. I've seen it happen.”
“But that already happened when Addison took over the place,” Zinada pointed out. “We're going to help the people of that city to restore proper government.”
“In a violent uprising,” Echo remarked dryly. 
“Yes, there's a lot of anger on the streets, but I don't think Addison is going to step down willingly,” Zinada retorted angrily as she felt her energy diminish. “But she doesn't have to. Did you see her face? A few days ago, she looked thirty years old.”
“What?” Lyrik blurted. “She appeared closer to seventy just now. She aged that much in a matter of days? That has to be Aeon withdrawal. If she's been around as long as you say, then the effects of stopping are going to manifest even faster than I would have thought possible.”
“If we just contain her,” Zinada suggested, “she and the rest of her faction leaders who rely on Aeon will die off. We'll deal with the aftermath later. But speaking of medicine,” Zinada said to Lyrik, “I need another hit.”
“Of EnergyX? You're really pushing your limits, Zinada, I don't recommend it.”
“I'm exhausted, and we've still got another fight to go. Please, just one more to keep me going.” 
“Okay, but this is the last one for today,” Lyrik warned, opening her kit. “This stuff can be addictive.” She tossed over the drug and Zinada injected the drug, feeling energy surge within seconds. 
The ship sped towards the city, and soon they were within range of the local communication channels. Zinada tuned in to one and saw a propaganda feed, implying those who were involved in the uprising were insurgents from another part of the country. Zinada’s face appeared as the apparent leader of a terrorist death cult.
“More lies,” Zinada sighed, flipping through the channels to see different views from the street. The fighting was intense in places, with desperate people taking big losses trying to take territory from Addison's enforcers. 
“How are we doing on the weapons?” Echo asked over comms. 
“The starboard point defence laser is working,” Silas reported. “Trying to fix the other one.”
“We're out of time, I need you up here,” Echo instructed. 
“Is that going to be enough?” Zinada asked him.
“Against ground troops, it should be,” he assured her. “If they're using tanks, we're going to be in trouble.” Silas returned to the bridge and strapped himself in as they soared over the outer wall of Mineros. Smoke was billowing above the streets, making their approach all the more perilous, but Echo seemed to know what he was doing. 
“She's handling like shit,” he warned as he steered the ship high above the streets. “Virn, are you able to send more power through to the grav plates?”
“Negative, Echo Nine,” Virn replied, “Until they can be repaired, they are operating at maximum capacity.”
“Understood. I’m going to have my hands full manoeuvring around without smacking into any skyscrapers. Silas, are you good to operate the laser? You're going to have to shoot.”
“Right,” he replied, setting his console controls accordingly. Zinada was transfixed by the scene below, watching as desperate people tried to fight against a well-armed and armoured force. The ship shuddered as it was hit by something.
“Who's shooting at us?” Lyrik asked.
“Everyone,” Echo responded. “Neither side knows who we're with. Let's make our position known. Silas, aim for high value targets, especially enforcers behind heavy cover.” 
Zinada hooked into the laser's camera view to watch as strobing laser beams cut through the smoke, cascading across soldiers down below with pinpoint accuracy. 
“They're trying to reach Maddox Tower,” Zinada figured after looking at the direction the fight was going. “See if you can cut them a path.” Silas complied, striking at targets along the road below them, and at sniper positions in buildings along the way to allow the rebels to advance. Echo manoeuvred the ship as best he could amongst the buildings, though he did scrape a wall here and there. 
“Uh,” Lyrik said hesitantly, “what does it mean when there's a large dot moving towards our dot on this screen?” Zinada looked over to see her display and turned to Echo in alarm. The android brought up a duplicate image on his own display and figured it out instantly.
“It's another ship coming towards us,” he remarked calmly, adjusting his camera views to look. Zinada did the same and saw a ship four times the size of their own bearing down on them through the smoky skies. 
“That's Addison's ship,” she exclaimed. “I didn't think it was ready to fly!”
“Looks pretty airborne to me,” Lyrik remarked, trying not to sound too alarmed. Zinada looked closely and saw large sections of the hull were still missing, with exposed steel frame and wiring visible.  She also saw a number of weapons pointed their way.
A beam of light pierced the smoke, aimed directly at their little ship. It struck on the hull, cutting a line as Echo struggled to move them behind the cover of another skyscraper. A second weapon fired a blast of what looked like green lightning, but they flew behind a building just in time. The blast hit the structure and vaporised a large chunk of it, sending debris tumbling to the ground below. 
Glancing at Silas, Zinada saw he was staring straight ahead, something she knew he did when using his strange psychic abilities. 
“Addison is on the ship,” he reported, apparently sensing her presence. 
“How do you know that?” Lyrik asked. 
“He has his ways,” Zinada said, covering for him. With the building between the two ships, Addison's took aim at the advancing rebels and fired, burning a number of them to death in an instant. 
“We need to keep their aim on us,” Zinada insisted. “Move us around so we can fire at them.” Echo complied, sweeping around the edge of a large building to give Silas a clear shot. Their pulse laser flashed through the night, striking the ship on its side and leaving scorch marks, but causing little damage. It appeared to be enough, however, as the huge ship slowly turned in their direction and aimed its weapons at them.
“Keep supporting the people on the ground,” Zinada cried over the noise even as Addison's ship continued to fire at them. Its big laser cut another line across their hull while their own small pulse laser cut down troops on the street. A second hit from Addison's ship caused the lights to flash and an alarm to sound. 
“There is a fire near engineering,” Virn reported over comms. “I am busy maintaining reactor function and require assistance to extinguish it.”
“We're on our way,” Zinada responded, looking to Lyrik. Together, they rushed down the corridor towards the engineering area, swaying about as the ship manoeuvred. They smelled the acrid stench of burning electronics before they saw it, and stumbled into the room seeing Virn trying to work on the reactor with one hand, while extinguishing the fire with the other. 
Zinada grabbed the extinguisher from him and aimed at the fire, which was burning a line along the wall where a conduit of wiring had ignited. The extinguisher sputtered out some foam, but the thing hadn't been serviced in decades and soon gave out. 
“We need to smother it,” Lyrik suggested. A blanket would have been ideal, but there was nothing around they could use. “I really liked this coat,” Lyrik mumbled as she took it off, and used it to smother the fire. 
“Hang on,” Echo warned over the comms, and the ship suddenly lurched as if hit by something, sending both women careening into the wall. 
“What the hell was that?” Zinada responded as she picked herself up. 
“Addison rammed us,” Echo replied. “I barely got us out of the way.” The sound of a heavy impact on the wall further up the corridor was further cause for alarm. It changed from an impact to the sound of a power saw cutting through metal, and another alarm went off. 
“The outer door has been breached,” Virn reported as sparks shot out of the reactor controls. 
“We're being boarded?” Zinada asked aloud.
“Something dropped onto us when we hit,” Echo confirmed. Zinada had a sinking feeling she knew what it was.
“Are there any weapons on board?” Lyrik asked. 
“The small arms locker has a few, but they require repair,” Virn reported as the sound of the outer door being ripped open could be heard. 
“Where’s the plasma rifle?” Zinada cried over comms.
“Empty,” Echo answered. Wind tinged with smoke rushed through the corridor and the sound of a heavy pair of treads rolling towards them. 
“That would be Scrapper,” Zinada moaned, as if they didn't have enough to deal with. “I guess you didn't quite finish him off in your last fight.”
“I will defend you as best I can,” Virn told her, “but I must maintain the reactor coolant controls or the ship will explode.” 
“Well, if I had to guess, I didn't think I'd go out cut to pieces by a robot on board a relic space ship,” Lyrik remarked. She reached to the floor into the pocket of her smouldering coat, pulled out a small syringe and injected it into her neck.
“Is this really the time?” Zinada muttered as Lyrik hefted a metal pipe from a nearby parts bin. 
“A little of that, and a little of this,” Lyrik answered, hefting the pipe as her skin colour turned a reddish hue. Zinada looked over her shoulder and saw the powered exosuit on charge, and her nail gun on the bench next to it. She quickly climbed inside the suit and turned it on, just as the hulking form of Scrapper came into the engineering room. 
The robot hadn't been repaired much since Virn's last encounter, with charred and dented armour plating covering its bent chassis. To her surprise, the robot spoke with Addison's voice.
“Hand over the Aeon or I'll have Scrapper turn your ship into spare parts,” she spat. Zinada raised her gun.
“You're sounding desperate, Kameira,” she taunted. “Are you feeling time catching up with you?” Scrapper responded by moving in with his huge claws and power saw. Virn, using only one arm grabbed Scrapper's saw bladed arm and held it, while Zinada dodged its huge fist. 
Darting underneath, she fired short bursts at Scrapper's vulnerable chassis. Sparks flew as she tried to find a way to disable its arms, without much success. Virn pounded the huge robot repeatedly, but Scrapper responded in kind, smashing Virn's remaining armoured casing until it clattered to the floor. 
Without Virn holding back the saw arm, Scrapper brought the whirring blade to bear on Zinada, who flinched and relied on the metal frame of her suit to keep it back. More sparks flew as Scrapper tried to cut through the metal frame protecting her arm without success, until Lyrik came in with her metal pipe and bashed him repeatedly with unexpected ferocity, on the back of his frame. 
She wedged the end of the pipe into a gap on the robot’s body, and pried it about until something came loose, which rattled and whirred about while Zinada fired off more nails into gaps in the frame. 
Over the next minute, Zinada, Virn and Lyrik managed to coordinate their efforts to overwhelm the damaged robot's defences. It couldn't focus on more than two of them at a time, allowing one of them to get in a few nasty hits. 
After weakening its frame, Zinada ripped open the robot's outer casing to reveal delicate circuitry inside. She fired the rest of the nail gun’s clip inside, showering her with sparks as the big machine ceased moving, turning into inert lump of metal. 
Zinada and Lyrik struggled for breath, as the xarani’s skin tone returned to its normal violet colour and she seemed to wilt from the effort of the fight. Suddenly, they were thrown against the wall once again, this time from a different kind of impact.
“Sorry, my bad,” Echo said over comms. “Didn't see that building through the smoke. What's your situation?”
“Dealt with,” Zinada answered between breaths.
“The reactor coolant control system has suffered a critical failure,” Virn reported. “I am attempting to manually take over its functions.”
“Understood,” Echo responded. “I could use some extra eyeballs up here.”
“On the way,” Zinada replied, nodding to Lyrik as they headed back to the bridge. When she sat in her seat, she could see they were orbiting Maddox Tower in the centre of the city. On the other side of it was Addison's ship, who was using the building to keep them at bay, while sending down laser and plasma bolts to protect the building's entrance.
“She's keeping them from entering the building,” Echo explained. Zinada looked in horror at the streets, which were ablaze from a near constant barrage of fire from Addison's ship. 
“There has to be something we can do to stop this,” Zinada breathed. 
“When they hit us before, some panels on the starboard flank fell off,” Echo replied. “I'm trying to get Silas a clear shot, but Addison knows where she's vulnerable and is keeping us at arm's length.” 
“I'm seeing a lot of red on our damage display,” Lyrik warned. “I don't understand it all, but red usually means bad, right?” Echo appeared thoughtful for a few seconds.
“Virn, what's the status of the ship's structure?” he asked. 
“Solid and undamaged, Echo,” Virn responded. 
“Okay, thanks,” the android replied, then sharply turned the ship towards the building. Zinada unconsciously gripped the seat tightly as they crashed through the glass windows of Maddox Tower. Glass, electronics and furniture were smashed as the ship ploughed its way through, and burst out on the other side right above Addison's incomplete vessel. 
“Silas, now!” Echo ordered. The corvid aimed at a large section where the hull had been ripped away, exposing some of the ship's internal systems. Silas rippled off a long burst of laser fire into the gap, cutting and burning essential controls. Fire erupted from the hull as an explosion blew out a large chunk of the ship's side. 
Crippled and dying, the ship immediately started losing altitude and turning uncontrollably. The aft section smashed through the lower half of Maddox Tower, while the nose destroyed a house before it crash-landed on the road.
Echo positioned them overhead so Silas could finish off some of the surrounding guards, but with the fall of their air support, they either fled or tried to surrender to the mob. 
“Look, near the front,” Lyrik said, and Zinada moved her camera to show what Lyrik was pointing at. The main hatch had opened, revealing some of the crew fleeing the burning hulk. One of them was Addison who, though bloodied and bruised, was still very much alive. Dozens of men and women, most of who were armed, moved in to surround her while she stood there, defiant and unrepentant.
The people of Mineros were in no mood to show mercy. Zinada averted her eyes as Addison's reign came to a crushing end. 

Epilogue

“Get us out of here,” Zinada said quietly to Echo. He complied, pointing the ship south and accelerating. 
“Shouldn't we stay to help out?” Lyrik asked, sounding weary. 
“I think we've done enough already,” Zinada sighed, leaning her head back and closing her eyes. 
“Someone has to clean up this mess,” Lyrik pointed out. 
“That would be the job of whomever takes over,” Echo answered. “I don't think that's going to be us.” 
“Wait, do we still have Captain Kimura's frequency?” Zinada asked. 
“Yes,” Silas replied, bringing it up on Zinada's screen. 
“Let's see if he's still alive,” she murmured, tapping the control to send a channel request. It took a few seconds for a response, but it was indeed Kimura who answered. He appeared on screen with his face covered in dark patches of dirt and smoke, and appeared to be somewhere on the streets of Mineros. 
“I had a feeling it was either you or Ortega,” Kimura grumbled as the sounds of cheering could be heard behind him. “I assume it was you on that ship?”
“The small one, not the big one,” Zinada clarified. “Good to see you survived.”
“I sensed a change of leadership in the wind,” he responded, “so I kept my head low. I'm out here now on clean-up duty. As far as I know, I'm running the security forces in the city, since you and the rebels seem to have sent the others running.” Zinada looked at Echo with a raised eyebrow, and received a nod in response.
“It sounds to me like you’re in charge of the entire city now,” she told him. “Congratulations, you're the new Executive.”
“I – what?” he blurted. “I figured you or Chris would be angling for that job.”
“I don't want it, and I'm pretty sure Chris never wants to set foot in Mineros again,” Zinada informed him. “Look, you seem like a semi-decent guy, so I'm hoping you're not going to turn into another tyrant. Just know that we'll be around if you need some air support, or if you need to be removed from office.”
“That sounds like a threat,” Kimura remarked.
“It certainly was,” Echo agreed. “Just make sure everyone gets a place to live, medical care and decent food, and you'll find it's easier to run than you might think. Oh, and don't be a dick.”
“I figure that goes without saying,” Harry remarked dryly. “I might have some pushback from the rest of Addison's cartel.”
“The ones she was keeping alive with Aeon will fall soon enough,” Lyrik chimed in. “Within the week, you should find much less competition for the top job.”
“Where did you stash the stuff anyway?” Kimura asked.
“Not far from the compound where we were ambushed,” Zinada told him. “They're under an old pot in one of the alleyways.”
“Yeah, that narrows it down.”
“I'm hoping that by the time you find it, the people who really need it will be gone,” Zinada explained. “But even if they're not, that's the last of the stuff this planet will ever see. It's time to move on.” 
“Alright, well, thanks for all your help,” Kimura said. “I've got a thousand jobs to do here so I gotta get to it. Say hi to Chris for me.” With that, he cut the line and left the screen dark. 
“We'll keep tabs on him,” Echo assured Zinada when he noticed her concerned expression. She nodded and smiled, then leaned back and stared at the wall, well and truly spent. 
They returned to the site of the former town of Kismet within the hour, just as the sun was touching the horizon. They set down on the outskirts near the river, and disembarked from the beaten-up old ship to be greeted warmly by the survivors. Lyrik ate up the attention, but Zinada was in dire need of some alone time to gather her thoughts. Getting out of the exosuit, she went over to the remains of her shack, which had been flattened by one of the cars they'd tossed around on their way out. 
Feeling sad that something her family had built was now gone, she sifted through the wreckage to recover as much of her personal belongings as she could. Her wall of important clues was in complete disarray, and she’d have to spend some time rebuilding her timeline from scratch. With the ship at her disposal, it would be an easier task.
Zinada pushed aside some wreckage and found the picture of her parents. She held it before her, glad she'd recovered this much, and saw Lyrik approaching from across the ruined street. Behind her, their ship sat near the town.
It was the first time she'd actually seen it from the outside, and marvelled at its sleek hull, even if it was covered in filth from its long entombment. 
“Medicine time,” Lyrik said, handing over the container of Fibroxazine. “So, what are you going to do now?”
“I think we’ve earned a day’s rest,” Zinada replied wistfully. “Then we’ll fix up the ship and use it to help rebuild the town, if anyone wants to stay, of course. After that, well, the answers to the big questions are up there, not down here. I’m never going to have a better chance to find out what caused all of this in the first place.”
Lyrik saw Zinada gazing with admiration at the vessel and turned to look at it. “It's a nice little ship,” she remarked. “We should give it a name.” Zinada looked around at the ruins of Kismet, including the huge crater they'd made getting her out of the ground. Silas flew over and landed on the pile of her old shack, looking at them curiously.
“I think the answer is obvious,” Zinada replied with a faint smile. “Kismet.”


About the Author

Stephen L. Nowland resides in Frankston, Australia, where he spends his time creating stories, games and art to astound and entertain. 

http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/sln

Further information on this novel and upcoming titles can be found at his website, and you can follow his progress on Facebook and Twitter.

https://www.facebook.com/stephenlnowland

www.stephenlnowland.com.au

@stephennowland

Fantasy titles by the same author

The Aielund Saga

Soldiers of Winter
Soldiers of Avarice
Soldiers of the Crown
Soldiers of Ruin
Soldiers of Legend
Soldiers of Tyranny
Soldiers of the Heavens

The Ballard Trilogy

In the Wake of War
The Fortress of Gold
Upon the Ashes of Empire

