


Friends of my Enemy: Book 2
After the War
by Autumn M. Birt

© 2015 Autumn M. Birt
Cover art by Autumn M. Birt © 2015

Smashwords Edition

Discover other titles by Autumn M. Birt on Smashwords 

Access exclusive short stories and more by Autumn on Patreon!







Discover other titles by Autumn M. Birt on Smashwords

Including epic fantasy set in the World of Myrrah

The Rise of the Fifth Order Series
Born of Water Novel Companion
Book 1: Born of Water
Book 2: Rule of Fire
Book 3: Spirit of Life

Games of Fire Series
Book 1: Spark of Defiance
Book 2: Gates of Fire and Earth
Book 3: A New Goddess





Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please visit your favorite e-retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Novels in the Friends of my Enemy series:

Book 1: Stories from the War
Book 2: After the War
Book 3: Battle for Europe
Book 4: The Fight for Peace

Learn more about the series Friends of my Enemy here, including background information.




Table of Contents

Chapter 1: Kesmere
Chapter 2: The Past
Chapter 3: Introductions
Chapter 4: Escape Plans
Chapter 5: Rhiol
Chapter 6: Lady Rosingale’s
Chapter 7: Battle in the Wasteland
Chapter 8: Reconstruction
Chapter 9: Reminders
Chapter 10: Rumors
Chapter 11: Interlude
Chapter 12: MOTHER
Chapter 13: Building Confrontations
Chapter 14: Diversions
Chapter 15: Goodbyes
Chapter 16: Love and Choices
Chapter 17: Out in the World
Chapter 18: New Alliances
Chapter 19: Double Play
Chapter 20: Returns
Chapter 21: Walking into a Trap
Chapter 22: The Price of Information
Chapter 23: Family
Chapter 24: Confessions
Chapter 25: New Motivations
Chapter 26: Invitation to Rhiol
Chapter 27: Corianne’s Offer
Chapter 28: More than Rumors
Chapter 29: Trouble
Chapter 30: New Beginnings
Chapter 31: Finding the Enemy
Chapter 32: Old Engagements
Chapter 33: Faltering
Chapter 34: The Final Choice
Character List
Excerpt from Battle for Europe, book 3
About the Author





Chapter 1

April 2068

THE LADY GREY
KESMERE

Arinna could not see if she held her sword or gun, the black smoke was so thick. The blast that had sent her off her feet to land hard on her left shoulder numbed her arm down to her fingertips. Not that she would tell Jared that. 
She flexed her wrist, which happily still responded. There was weight and resistance to the movement of the object she held. Sword then. That meant she must be out of bullets. Shit.
Her right hand trembled when she held it to her temple. The blast must have been worse than she remembered. Or maybe she had hit her head? Her memory was blank, and it frightened her. She sucked in air only to choke on smoke. A bullet struck the wall beside her close enough to spray grit. It pelted the grey jacket she wore over quicksilver body armor. 
Everything felt immediate and threatening. She was caught blind and overwhelmed, claustrophobic with only this one moment between herself and a fight she couldn’t recall. 
Captain Jared Vries looked over at her, blood and dirt smeared across his forehead and along a cheek. Even in the dimness, she could see the concern in his green eyes as his brows pulled together.
“My lady, are you okay?”
She opened her mouth to answer as a jolt lanced through her. Arinna gasped and opened her eyes, uncertain when she’d fallen asleep. The carriage bounced again, slamming her against its wooden walls and into her sore shoulder. She hissed from pain as well as irritation as she struggled to sit up.
“Tomas, what is it?”
“It’s this sodden rain, my lady. The streams are swollen and the road’s mud. It looks like the Brinny is over the bridge ahead.”
Arinna, sighed, weary beyond weary. She pushed open the carriage door before Tomas could react and jump from the driver’s seat. Rain pounded the earth into mire and promised her a cold bath if she stepped out. But there was no hope for it. If she wished to get to Rhiol this night, it was not going to be by carriage. Not if the Brinny was over the road.
“My lady you don’t have to ...”
Arinna waved away the rest of what Tomas would tell her. 
“It’s okay, Tomas,” she said as her boots sank ankle deep in the muck and rain flattened her short hair to her scalp.
It was at least one consolation that she was not on the way home from some silly social event that duty led her to. She couldn’t imagine what it would be like to struggle home in the rain wearing a dress. Though the thought of what that feat would have done to such a garment brought a feral smile to her lips. 
Rain struck her cheek, scattering spray with a feeling too much like her memories of dust blown by bullets. She sucked in cool, wet English air and tilted her head up towards her driver.
“When hasn’t it been raining of late? Just like the storm grounded my shadowcraft, you can’t reach it with the carriage. I’ll walk through Alder’s field and make it to Rhiol in a couple of hours.”
“Are you sure, my lady? Captain Vries will have me head if he knew.”
“I’m his commander, Tomas. I can assure you, I’ll manage just fine.”
It took some pressuring, and then downright ordering, to get Tomas to turn the carriage and head back to the closest inn. In the end, he gave her his woolen coat to cover the T-shirt she wore. Her coat hadn’t been worth keeping the last she had seen of it. 
The rain was barely a bother. As a soldier, it would not have slowed her anyway, but after her dreamed recollection, she felt untethered. The open countryside of early evening, soggy or not, was a welcome refuge from burning smoke and the hissing retort of gunfire, flashback or no. It was the past now. It had been reality half a day ago. Her memory had swept back moments after Jared had asked her if she were well. The fight had pressed on, and they had won. 
Arinna trudged into the field of thick grass, searching for a crossing. Within a few minutes, she was cold and soaked to the skin. The Brinny was swollen more than she had imagined, more than she had seen it in the few months she’d referred to the estate of Rhiol as home. There was no way across as she worked her way upstream, cursing herself for a fool until she had to laugh. After all these years, she was either going to die by drowning or from pneumonia. That would be ironic. Jared would be apoplectic to hear of it.
The distant lightning flashing across the sky cast the peaked roof of Kesmere Manor into black relief. Arinna stopped and stared, undecided. If it were any other estate, she would have walked to the front door and asked for a horse. The entrance lights flickered with torchlight, but those in the front hall held steady, so were assuredly electric. That display could only mean the earl was home and expecting company. With any other lord, she would have thought herself lucky. With the Earl of Kesmere, it seemed bad luck followed on the heels of a foul few days. 
But there were other doors than the front hall, and she knew the house steward by name, even if the earl had never given her a civil word. Arinna stayed in the rain drenched darkness until she made it around to the kitchen door. The heated smells of bread and roast reached out to her before Betsy’s round silhouette filled the door.
“What’chu be at? Be off w’ya,” Betsy paused as she squinted out into the darkness. She stumbled back a step when she recognized who stood on her doorstep. “My lady, what ‘ave you been doing? You’re soaked through.” 
Like some storm sprite, Arinna brought the damp earth in with her. Shutting the door only dimmed the sound of the pounding rain while she stood spreading puddles in the stilled chaos of the kitchen. A pot boiled over, rekindling action as Betsy scolded the apprentice cook before turning to her. 
“The Brinny is over the road, and my carriage couldn’t get through. I sent Tom with the horses back to the inn and told him I’d walk the rest of the way, but I haven’t found a crossing yet,” Arinna said. As wet as she was, Arinna was beginning to wonder why she hadn’t chanced swimming the stream.
“Lord, it’s been raining buckets for nigh two weeks. Where have you been, my lady, to think you’d cross that water? I can’t believe you thought you’d walk. More than like what you need is a boat to reach Rhiol.” Betsy waived for hot water while she handed Arinna a small handful of kitchen towels. 
“No, Betsy, I won’t stay,” Arinna replied, refusing the towels. The small bundle would hardly make a difference. “I saw the light ... and wasn’t going to stop. It must be a party tonight? I thought I would ask to borrow a better coat or if there were a spare horse that wouldn’t be missed? But if it is as bad as you say, I should just continue and hope for the best.”
Betsy frowned, her eyes shifting around the hectic kitchen. Arinna knew the look and the thought behind it. She cursed herself for being fool enough to put Betsy into such a situation. The rain must have fogged her mind, that or exhaustion. 
“It isn’t fit out for no one, my lady. It isn’t my place to ask you ta stay,” Betsy began.
“No, it is mine.” 
The voice was well bred and laced with coldness much sharper than the English rain. Derrick Eldridge, the Earl of Kesmere’s entrance into the kitchen came with the sound of a pot lid falling as the two apprentice cooks made themselves scarce. Only Betsy and the wizened head chef remained amid the boiling pots and half peeled carrots, he with a glare on his face for both Derrick and Arinna. 
Arinna wondered how much worse the night could become as she pivoted to face one of her strongest adversaries, placing herself between him and Betsy. Though it would easily take two of her to block Betsy’s wide frame from harm.
Derrick was dressed ready for his guests, making her feel all the more in the weaker position, having snuck in his house like a half-drowned kitten. In formal attire of a soft black wool jacket that rested on his upper thigh, a cream linen shirt with a stiff flat collar, and a maroon silk scarf tied over it, he cut a very organized and thought-out figure. Arinna hid her sigh with the slightest bow.
“My lord earl.”
A flash of irritation crossed his face. He nodded curtly at her highjacked civilities.
“Do you make it a habit, my lady, of sneaking into manors’ side doors?”
His voice was brusque and distant. Not that she expected anything less, but it got her hackles up. She had to struggle against a retort that would not improve her situation. Drowning was sounding better than word getting out that she had been thrown out of Kesmere. She needed a polite exit.
“No. Only when I do not want to trouble the lord of the house.”
They paused there, locked eye to eye. His left brow lifted a fraction, and Arinna would have sworn she saw the faintest hint of amusement touch the navy blue of his eyes.
“Well, perhaps you misjudged the need. It is too wet and dangerous out for you to continue on tonight. Please stay over, and perhaps you would be so kind to join my guests and I for dinner?”
The invitation, as unexpected as it was, threw her off kilter. She rocked back on her heel, a habit she had picked up from Jared. It refocused her tactical side.
“I would love to, assuming the dress is rather informal and wet,” she said with a lift of her sodden cuffs.
This time she was sure that the flash replacing the resigned civilities held humor when Derrick’s lips twitched before his expression reorganized itself into boredom again. Arinna was frightfully pleased with herself.
Derrick motioned for her to walk with him. There was little more to be done than to agree. Arinna had all but given up hope of civility from this paramount of County Cumbria years ago. She would not risk offending him again so quickly by demanding a horse instead of dinner.
“You are about my fiancée’s size, and she has left many of her things from the last time she visited. Her rooms are empty, and you can borrow whatever you require. I will have a housemaid show you up.”
They walked to the front foyer down a long hallway barely lit by dimmed oil lamps. Emerging from under the second-floor balcony, Derrick gestured for her to wait by the stairs. Mindful of her dampness and the wooden floors, Arinna walked instead to the rug spread over stone tile by the front door. Plus, it offered a quick escape should the earl change his mind. 
The entrance hall was dark, lit only by two oil lamps, one on each side of the door. In contrast, the front salon and formal dining room where Derrick headed blazed with light. It spilled from the wide doors, casting an illuminated square halfway across the front foyer. Her guess had been right. Though there were well-spaced candles, electric lights scattered the darkness to the far corners. It was a sign of Derrick’s standing to have managed that, especially this far north amid the lakes. Recovery from the long war had been slower here. It was almost three years since the official end to the fighting, but electricity remained a luxury only enjoyed by the rich or the inventive. It seemed some days that the mid twenty-first century was mired in aspects of the nineteenth, if not earlier. 
Tired beyond thought, soaked to the bone, and caught in a tangle of formalities, Arinna’s instincts were slow to notice the shift in shadows within the music room opposite the bright front salon. A prickling at the base of her neck made her turn her head to focus from the corner of her eye, so as not to give her awareness away. The breath went out of her as the figure shifted further into the light.
“Byran!”
It burst from her before she could collect herself. He was across the hall in paces, sweeping her up into a familiar embrace. For a moment, she let herself be held, welcoming the warmth of his body and arms. Her heart, jolted by the surprise, beat too quickly, flushing her cheeks. In the back of her mind, she was aware that Derrick had stopped mid-sentence. He regarded them in complete shock, too astonished to mask the unfiltered emotion on his face.
Arinna pulled away first, chastising, “You’ll be soaked.”
But the fine wool of Byran’s jacket and trousers did not show any ill effect from their embrace. Watchful, Derrick walked towards them in silence.
“I did not know you were friends with Baron Vasquez,” Arinna said to Derrick while she looked accusingly at Byran.
Byran grinned.
“Nor I he with you,” Derrick replied flatly.
From his tone and look, Arinna couldn’t tell if he was surprised or disappointed at the realization of Byran’s friendship with her.
“Hah, with such love lost between you, I hardly wanted to advertise,” Byran said casually. “Though I did tell you once, Arinna. Still let me introduce you properly now since you are finally standing under the same roof and within hearing distance of each other.
“Derrick, I would like you to meet my long time friend Arinna, otherwise known as the Lady Grey and commander of the Grey Guard. Arinna, I would like you to meet my even more long time friend Derrick, the Earl of Kesmere.”
Arinna played along, as Byran always managed. She’d learned long ago she was no match for his charm. She bobbed slightly to Derrick despite her dripping garments. “How do you do?”
Derrick bowed stiffly in reply, forced by surprise into Byran’s game. One maple brown lock fell across his forehead as a look of understanding touched his dark blue eyes.
Arinna swallowed hard. Looking away, her gaze returned to Byran. Real warmth filled her despite the cold of her wet coat. 
“If you will excuse me, I think I should put on something dry.”
Derrick nodded distractedly as Arinna walked past him to join the servant girl now waiting at the bottom of the stairs, unable to keep her heart from a double beat or mind from memories.





Chapter 2

THE EARL OF KESMERE
THE PAST

Derrick would have thought his father had arranged it, that his power stretched that far. After all, the last thing David Eldridge said to him was to watch her. His father had seen the Lady Grey’s move to the adjoining estate of Rhiol as a threat, and an opportunity. But Derrick had never been his father’s spy, much less his lackey. The conversation had grown more heated. When Derrick had put down the phone, bitterness coated his tongue. That phone call just before Byran’s arrival had been the first time they had spoken in two years, and not simply because phone lines and mail were barely restored.
The one assurance that Derrick’s father had nothing to do with it was that he would never have included Byran. Of that, Derrick had no doubt. That fact moved Arinna’s arrival from a plot to simply ironic chance twisted with ... what he wasn’t sure. With his eyes drifting over Byran’s quiet face, Derrick was afraid to hazard a guess. 
Guests would arrive soon, but Derrick’s mind was reeling. The fire warmed the wool of his pants, his leather riding boots protecting his shins from its heat. He played with a port glass resting on the mantel, twirling it absently. 
He remembered his childhood friend vexed and cross, pacing across the suite of rooms Derrick had taken for a month. The windows overlooked the Mediterranean on the Costa del Sol of Southern Spain. It had been before the war came to Europe, but only just. Back and forth, Byran stormed, exclaiming his denied passion. His hands flailed in emphasis of his words. Derrick laughed so hard his chest hurt.
“It isn’t funny!” Byran shouted, sending a bottle of wine swaying. Only the remaining liquid and heavy bottom kept it upright.
“Please, it is the first woman who has denied you anything. That is all that has your goat: that she won’t fall for you with nary a word. Besides that, she is like all the others.” Derrick laughed and waved it away.
Byran looked out the window at the moonlight on the water, his features oddly empty compared to the tantrum a moment before. He reset a chair on its legs. Sitting, Byran faced his friend, running a weary hand across his eyes and through his hair. The coal-black curls sprang back from his passing fingers.
“No, she is different,” Byran said, meeting Derrick’s eyes soberly.
Derrick stopped laughing.
“She said she would never betray her husband.” Byran snorted as he said it, as if he couldn’t believe such a notion. He picked up his forgotten glass of wine before adding, “and even if that weren’t so, what had I ever done to ‘recommend myself to her.’“ On that, his voice trembled.
Byran’s hazel brown eyes were haunted as he gazed at his friend. He downed the wine in one shot then rolled the empty glass on its base, round and round in a miniature version of his wild pacing.
Derrick considered his friend, whose greatest assets were wealth, a political family that had guaranteed him a job and position, and his Spanish good looks. Derrick tried to think of what to say.
“What have I done?” Derrick repeated the phrase from his memory, his voice trailing off as he looked out the window of the salon in Kesmere.
His glass still twirled slowly in his fingers. He could see Byran’s pale reflection in the storm-darkened pane. Hair as dark as the night outside, Byran’s broody eyes stared unseeing out from where he sat at a desk under the windows. 
It evoked a second memory a few years after the first. The war had just begun though at the time it had felt like it surely had to end soon. The war had been known as World War III in the beginning when there were still news channels and TV. Though in the end, it had been known as the Greatest War. Now, it was simply called the War for no other before it had even come close to its vastness and destruction.
The sun was dim on the horizon, shadows still claiming what was left of Europe. The old rambling manor house was yet another headquarters in this time of moving fronts and shifting targets. Derrick could not even recall what former country it had been in. Byran sat hunched in the window seat, his fingers laced through his hair. His eyes rested against the palms of his hands as if he could block the world from his sight.
“She is gone. She left without saying a word,” he said, his voice thick and nearly unrecognizable.
Again, Derrick felt late in getting the details.
“What happened?”
Byran looked up. Derrick had never seen his eyes so bloodshot and lost, before or since.
“Her husband was with the Grey Guard, the division that flew and fought over Kiev yesterday. None of them survived,” Byran choked out the last unnecessarily. The bombs that had torn Kiev apart had left nothing alive or standing for miles.
“I found her in the hallway. She cried. She cried so hard I thought it would tear her apart,” Byran said quietly. “We ... I found her a place to sleep. I left to find breakfast this morning, but when I returned, she was gone.” Byran looked at him with anguish. “If I hadn’t married Isabella, if we weren’t expecting Santi so soon after Cerilla was born ...” There had been no words for those what ifs.
“She was the one. The one you went on about in Porto Banus and again in ... whatever hellhole that was after Kiev?” 
Coming fully to the present, Derrick stated it more than asked. He wasn’t sure why he had never questioned who at the time, who could have won over Byran so fully, but he was certain of the answer now. Still, he glanced over to see Byran’s confirming nod. Derrick swallowed another sip of port. It hit his throat tasting of vinegar. His mind whirled.
“You could have told me it was her.” This time the statement was made with an accusing look.
“Hah, like that would have helped. If I had told you that the woman I loved was also the person you’ve come to detest the most, you would have changed your mind?” Byran snorted into his port glass before taking a swig.
Derrick paused, unsure. “It wouldn’t have hurt,” he said finally. He tried a smile to lighten the mood. 
Byran half smiled back, his eyes still lost to the past. “I tried to tell you once,” Byran said. The comment dropped the room from under Derrick’s feet for the second time that night.
“When?” he choked, unable to recall any conversation including Arinna’s name.
Byran waved a hand. “It doesn’t matter.”
Derrick took a breath, then let it go. The expression on Byran’s face told him now wasn’t the time to push. “Have you talked since?” he asked, instead.
Byran nodded in answer, which quieted some of Derrick’s unease.
“Mostly letters, but we’ve seen each other peripherally at events, of course.”
Derrick knew what his friend wasn’t saying, that they hadn’t really talked about their past at all. He rubbed a dull ache between his brows with a finger.
“It’s been what, eight years since then?” The time would not add up in his mind. The events of the war, moments he did his best not to think about, seemed unconnected.
“Six and a half, Santi is six.”
That said it all to Derrick. Byran was not close to forgetting Arinna.
Derrick could hear horses pulling up to the main entrance to unload passengers under the shelter of the overhanging porch. He took the last of his port in one gulp. Straightening, he walked over to set his glass on the table, squeezing Byran’s shoulder as he walked by.
Byran tried to smile, but his eyes were still shadowed and belied the action. Derrick wondered suddenly what he’d begun inviting the Lady Grey into the refuge he’d made of Kesmere. Derrick pushed concerns aside and went to greet his guests.





Chapter 3

BARON VASQUEZ
INTRODUCTIONS

A woman’s laugh tore Byran from his thoughts. It wasn’t Arinna’s, though. The feel of her in his arms still tingled on his skin. Arinna was here, granting Byran the opportunity to warn her that had driven him from his home in Spain. But the shock of seeing her again when he hadn’t expected it had scattered his thoughts as if they were rain in the storm. Feelings he thought dormant beyond resurrection surfaced.
There wasn’t time to collect himself. Derrick’s guests were there, and a plan that had seemed so simple until he’d been confronted with the reality of seeing Arinna again threatened to toss him off balance. Byran left the room before his tangled thoughts dragged him under.
In the entrance hall, Derrick stood between two lovely young women. “My good friend, Baron Vasquez is here as well,” Derrick said with a nod toward Byran. 
A brunette with high cheekbones set under golden eyes turned to him. Her face was sweet enough that Byran barely needed to sweep down the curves of her burgundy dress, only a shade lighter than her lips, to appreciate her youthful beauty. The nearly antique style of her dress with a bit of lace along the oval neckline and half sleeves suited the young woman’s classic beauty.
“Byran, this is Dame Corianne Heylor and her cousin, Tatiana Grekov.”
It was only at Derrick’s introduction that Corianne turned away from him, and slowly at that. Byran hid amusement with a bow that let his gaze skim over Corianne’s teal silk dress whose cut hinted at the daring of youth, especially unattached and ambitious youth. Thin shoulder straps plunged low to reveal her cleavage, and the fabric of the skirt clung to her hips and thighs. Her face was attractive with a slight chubbiness to her cheeks where they were framed by blonde wisps of hair. Byran judged her as not quite out of her teenage years and the younger of the two women.
Derrick’s guests would have been a wonderful diversion on almost any other occasion. But with the memory of Arinna in his arms from an hour before and head too full of thoughts, they barely caught his attention. 
The next arrivals offered no interest whatsoever. Lord and Lady Bemby were old enough that Byran wondered if Derrick’s father would have even found them tolerable. Derrick greeted them like old friends, though, which they might have been. Derrick’s move four years before to the estate he’d inherited from his late uncle had surprised Byran. Coming on the heel of Byran discovering Derrick’s engagement to Danielle le Marc, Byran had been at a loss to understand the sudden transformation in his childhood friend. Despite frequent visits and Byran strong-arming Derrick to remain a senator in the combined parliament that oversaw Europe, a part of Derrick remained altered with no explanation. But Byran kept trying, hoping to break through to him.
They’d barely assembled in the front salon when Derrick announced with a nod toward the doorway, “And I do have one other guest this evening.”
Wearing a silver-grey dress that shimmered in the light, it was impossible to tell Arinna had arrived looking like a stable boy who had been thrown in the muck less than an hour before. Her short hair, more red than deep brown now that it was dry, framed her pixyish features. Byran had a difficult time imaging her as the leader of the Grey Guard and a heroine of the war. He remembered her instead as he first saw her: a new US embassy staffer in Madrid lost in her role and switch from military life.
“May I present the Lady Grey.”
Derrick’s aversion to Arinna was well-known. Corianne winced. Byran coughed a smirk into his wine glass. In the political world Derrick and Byran lived, new alliances were forged overnight. In the small county Derrick and Arinna resided, it had only been a matter of time before the Earl of Kesmere and the Lady Grey would have to learn to live as neighbors since her arrival half a year ago. Corianne’s naiveté and honest confusion were charming though she wouldn’t fair well in the sphere she was hoping to achieve if her hand on Derrick’s arm was any indication. 
“I say, my dear, it is good to see you,” old Lord Bemby said as he offered his hand. Arinna clasped his worn fingers, leaning forward so that he could kiss her cheek like an affectionate father. “Good addition, my lord earl.  Good addition,” he said as he eased sideways, allowing his wife to take his place in greeting Arinna.
As host, Derrick walked the two cousins across the room. “May I introduce Dame Corianne Heylor and her cousin Tatiana Grekov.”
“Dame?” Arinna asked. “Either you were my youngest soldier or your mother or father fought in the Guard.” 
Corianne blushed. “My father. He died just before the war ended. I was knighted in his stead,” she answered, a trace of haughtiness in her tone as if the inherited title demarcated more than service recognized.  
“Tatiana, your family is from old Russia then?”
“My brother and I came to stay with my cousins during the war. We still have family back there,” Tatiana answered without her cousin’s aloofness. “Has there been any contact with old Russia?”
“No,” Arinna answered, voice kind to soften the reply. “The wasteland outside of Europe’s borders makes contact with Asia difficult. Perhaps as power and transportation are restored.”
Tatiana turned away, ignoring the miffed glare of her cousin. There was only one other person to introduce to Arinna. Byran swallowed nerves he didn’t realize had risen and crossed the room. 
“And, of course, Baron Vasquez, whom you know,” Derrick finished.
Byran bowed low, caught in the old ache that filled him. He kissed Arinna’s proffered hand lightly, torn between the warmth of her skin and the white line of a faint scar across her knuckles. 
“As always, it is good to see you again,” she said with a hint of laughter. 
He couldn’t find his voice for fear he’d ask her why she’d left without a word beyond a scribbled note over six years before. Byran backed off, telling himself it was not why he had come. Well, not the motive behind it. But it had been old feelings, older than his marriage, which had spurred him. 
Surprisingly it was the formalities of dinner that gave Byran the chance to steady himself. Derrick had placed Arinna at his right as only fitting for her status as the recognized leader of the Grey Guard, even if, in truth, she held no military rank. It meant she was opposite Byran, but before he found himself asking the wrong question, the Bembys claimed Arinna’s attention with topics of the local countryside that were far from Byran’s interest. Which left him the two young women to entertain, something, Byran realized as his mind settled, had been Derrick’s original intent before Arinna disrupted the table’s balance. Now the Bembys spoke to Arinna instead of Derrick. Plus, Corianne spent every moment with her attention riveted on Derrick. The amusement of that broke through the last of the thicket of memories in Byran’s mind.
As far as Byran was concerned, Derrick held the blame on Corianne’s obvious interest. Derrick’s engagement was distant at best while Corianne was in the same county. Byran offered no sympathy or help requested in the occasional pointed glances Derrick tossed his way. Though it was a shame really that she was only interested in Derrick, or at least the connections he could provide her. Corianne made an attractive package and Byran hazarded that with the right offer she would be easy to win over. And he’d only been wrong once in his assessment of a woman. On that thought, his gaze drifted to Arinna.
It wasn’t the years that had changed her though age had barely touched her features. It was Kiev and the war. Without the glaze of memories, Byran could see she wasn’t the young embassy staffer anymore. She was as polite and civil as Derrick, offering a public face without flaw. He wondered the last occasion she’d really laughed, or loved. Byran shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
And then the improbability settled on him as if he’d woken from a dream. Even the embassy staffer that Arinna had been would not have gotten caught unprepared in a storm. As the leader of the Guard ... he didn’t believe it. The war might be over, but she wouldn’t have gotten so complacent. Trim and suave now despite her mud-splattered arrival, she didn’t look to have lost her edge. The quiet rumor that had sent him across a continent buzzed in his head. He’d come to warn her. What if he didn’t need to?
Derrick addressed a comment from Arinna, including the Bembys with an air of animated interest. It was all show. Had to be. So much of the person Derrick pretended to did not align with the person who had been Byran’s childhood friend, reckless with a knack for surviving close calls. And that was the second worry. That Derrick would invite Arinna to dinner was just as unlikely as Arinna being caught in the rain-swept night. As far as Byran could tell, Derrick really did hate her. The thought soured his dinner enough, he put down his fork.
With or without his involvement, the dinner wore on in tiring precision. It was late evening, and after an interlude in the music room where Corianne displayed prowess on the piano when, finally, the Bembys excused themselves. In the bustle of their departure, propriety required Corianne and Tatiana to offer gratitude for the invitation and leave as well, Corianne eyeing the obviously staying Arinna with hurt curiosity. 
As the door clicked shut, Arinna paused in the entranceway as if unsure what to do next. “I shall turn in as well,” she said into the awkward silence. “It has been a long day though a very pleasant evening. Thank you again for your kindness, Lord Earl.” Arinna hesitated, gaze coming to rest on Byran. “Good night,” she said simply to him, seeming at a loss for other words.
Derrick half bowed an acknowledgment as if she were any worthy houseguest. Byran watched her go, the doubts and questions mixing with old feelings that were not as forgotten as he’d thought. Byran paced to the stairs wanting to talk to her, then turned and headed to the dining room, suddenly wanting his wine as he feared her answers. He stopped in between, running his fingers through his hair. 
Derrick watched him without a word or change to his stone-faced expression. Which fueled Byran’s uncertainty. He cared little what Derrick would think if he followed Arinna to her chamber to speak to her before she slept. Derrick had watched him follow enough women. But why Derrick had invited her ate at him. Potential plots and subplots clouded Byran’s mind until he shoved it all aside. He didn’t believe the worst of what he imagined of either of his friends, no matter their hidden secrets. Which left him simply not knowing what was going on and too tired to find out.
“There is nothing for it then. I’m going to turn in myself,” Byran said. 
He felt Derrick’s eye on him as he walked up the stairs and turned in the opposite direction Arinna had taken, heading toward his long granted chambers in Kesmere. 
“Sleep well, my friend.”
Derrick’s words echoed off the vaulted ceiling of the foyer, the emphasis falling on sleep. Byran lifted a hand in a brief wave of acknowledgement, not pausing his stride. He fell asleep dreaming of Arinna in his arms, and not entirely certain why he’d not gone to her room.
He woke knowing Arinna meant to leave again. As she had so many years before when the Grey Guard fell. It was his only thought, and he fought with his pants and shirt while heading out of his bedchamber door, uncaring about decorum or discretion. His wild race down the stairs halted abruptly when he saw movement in the front salon.
Arinna sat curled on a settee under a series of windows. Byran’s heart skipped a beat. The doubts of the night before disappeared. No matter he didn’t know her motivations, she wouldn’t have stayed if she’d something to hide.
For a moment, they stared at the other. Then Arinna shifted her feet to make room for Byran next to her. For all of his rush, Byran walked across the room to join her feeling as if time were infinite. He took her hand as he sat down. 
“You stayed,” he said, voice roughened by more than morning disuse.
“I could not do that to you, not again,” Arinna replied. She looked away, unfocused on the room with its fine wooden furniture and glass-fronted cabinets. “I could not stay back then all those years ago.” Her eyes glistened with unshed tears. “I could not risk your marriage at the loss of mine.” A quiver laced through the solid confidence of her words.
Byran paused, caught in her eyes as well as a mix of memories and possibilities cast aside. Finally, he leaned forward and kissed her forehead, her hair brushing his face.
“Thank you.”
Arinna reclaimed her hand to wipe a stray tear from her cheek. Her gaze slipped to the sunlit window and budding trees as she composed herself. It took Byran a second to realize the moment he had sought to warn her was now.
“I actually came to Kesmere to seek you out,” he said.
“Really, why? That at least explains the earl’s invitation.”
Byran glanced sidelong to the door, remembering his haste down the stairs. He did not need Derrick a part of this conversation. But the doorway was empty and the house quiet. When he looked back at Arinna, her face was more serious.
“No, he knows nothing of this. I’m as surprised as you. But it saved me the trouble of having to find an excuse to see you alone. Arinna, I need to warn you.”
“Warn me about what, Byran?”
Her tone was expressionless. A part of him knew he spoke to the Lady Grey, but the other, and unexpectedly larger, part of him knew her only as someone he once loved, perhaps still did. His voice and feelings were torn between seriousness and deep concern.
“I have a connection in parliament whose son works for the Secretary of Finance. He said he’d seen papers in the minister’s office. There were files with programs and codes cross-referenced to spending on weapons and soldiers for the Grey Guard. It looked like the Secretary was investigating the Guard and that you were funneling money from other sources. He said it added up to nearly the same amount from when we were at war.” Arinna’s expression didn’t flicker as Byran paused. “Don’t you see? They are worried you are planning something. With the army and funding, you could carry out a coup.”
Arinna breathed a quiet laugh as she relaxed, leaning back against the arm of the settee. “This friend of yours doesn’t know of our connection?”
Byran shook his head. “No, he came to me because they are looking for support to have you arrested. Arinna, you are in danger.”
She gently touched his cheek, warmth flooding her eyes. “You are worried, I can tell. But you needn’t be. Truly,” she said with a half laugh when his expression didn’t alter. “Byran, do you think I want to take over parliament?” Arinna’s tone was full of fond exasperation. He believed her but wondered that there was no explanation. “I swear, I do not. The last thing I want would be to have those decisions on my head.” There was distaste in her tone.
“So you aren’t siphoning funds to build up the military? The Secretary of Finance isn’t investigating you?” 
“No,” she answered, gaze never wavering from his. “I take no more than parliament allocates for us, and I spoke to Secretary Gerschtein last week. We’ve been working on sorting out the cost of the war. That might be what your friend saw. We have codes relating to equipment and the battles where it was lost. But I will make sure the misunderstanding is cleared up before it comes to more.”
Byran couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt so relieved. The punch of the emotions that raced through him evaporated thought and left him tingling. He didn’t doubt her or how he felt about her. Even if for the moment he was content to simply be sitting next to her.
They were on the settee, talking quietly about the intervening years when Derrick walked into the room an hour later. He was dressed already for the day: fine wool pants, high riding boots, and a coat with split tails under which was a dress shirt and scarf. Byran’s shirt was still untucked, he wore slippers, and he was happy he’d managed that much. Of the three, Byran was the least prepared to greet the day. Arinna was dressed casually in what she’d arrived in the day before: grey slacks and a T-shirt with dark grey riding boots. 
Derrick poured himself a cup of tea in the sudden silence of the room his entrance had created, gaze avoiding both Byran and Arinna. He stared instead out the window at the rolling pastures surrounding Kesmere. It was the first time since the night before that Derrick appeared uncomfortable with the reality of his friendship with Arinna. Which made Byran want to hug his friend for finally displaying real emotion.
“I wanted to thank you for your kindness last night,” Arinna said into the morning stillness of the room. “I will not trouble you any longer this morning.”
Derrick hesitated before turning to them fully. He answered, “Absolutely not. You shall stay for breakfast, and then Byran and I will ride with you home. It isn’t every day someone can say they came to the aid of the Lady Grey.” A trace of humor moderated Derrick’s strict words, taking the edge from the required civilities.
“Well, as I am horseless and you are my host, I certainly cannot refuse,” Arinna said in return.





Chapter 4

TATIANA GREKOV
ESCAPE PLANS

“I don’t like the way he looked at me,” Corianne finished as she stroked the morning tangles out of her hair. She held the brush up and glanced at Tatiana in the mirror. “Can you brush the back? You do it so well.”
Tatiana rolled her eyes but took the brush. Her strokes started rough but smoothed out as her attention wandered. Tatiana paused and looked at Corianne’s reflection.
“Don’t you think it odd that the Lady Grey was there? They hate each other supposedly.”
Corianne shrugged and then squirmed a bit so that Tatiana would start brushing again.
“It was all for show, of course. With Derrick’s father and her former duties, I’m sure they have to get along on occasion. But the baron ...” Corianne pretended a shiver.
“You should take it as a compliment if he thought you pretty. You know his reputation.”
“Yes,” Corianne hissed the word with dislike.
Tatiana did not say what she was thinking as it would only upset Corianne more. Corianne would prefer to think herself bewitching to Baron Vasquez even if she didn’t like him. But Tatiana had watched him during the night. His gaze had more often slid beyond Corianne to rest on the Lady Grey. When she thought of it, she had caught the earl’s guarded expression wandering to the Lady Grey when he was listening to the Bembys talk or before he spoke. It didn’t really make sense to her.
“You know the earl is engaged. I don’t see how that is so different from Baron Vasquez.”
Corianne stiffened under her hands. She took the brush from Tatiana’s fingers with a look that left little room for doubt with what regard Corianne considered Tatiana’s thoughts.
“The baron is already married. The earl has never been.”
“The earl is still promised. The baron could divorce.”
Corianne rolled her eyes and carefully placed the silver inlaid brush back on her dressing table. 
“Yes, but the baron has not divorced yet despite all the pretty girls he’s spent time with,” Corianne said sharply. Tatiana’s cheeks flushed with warmth. Corianne was so often lost to fantasies that Tatiana often forgot she was quite clever when she wanted to be.
“Do you really think the earl would go against his father’s wishes and break his engagement?” Tatiana asked, sitting on Corianne’s bed so she could look directly at her.
“I don’t see why not. Not if there were a better offer. I’m titled as well as she, and younger. And she’ll only inherit her father’s title by default. Who knows, it could go to a male cousin rather than her since her older brothers died in the war. Besides, the match is political, so there could always be a falling out.”
Tatiana frowned. “So you’ve settled on the earl? You said this wasn’t about love. I thought you would keep your options open for any chance.” Tatiana’s voice faded as Corianne pouted and darted a glance toward her closed door.
“Mama will never let me go to parliament when it reconvenes. My only chance is when they are out of session. It must be this summer. I cannot take another winter here in this dreary pile of stones. Lord, I’m nearly twenty-one already. It is past time to be out of here.”
“The earl is closest, but there are is also Duke Beal. But he is old and not so well connected, and Sir Heffercroft’s younger son, but he won’t inherit his father’s lands or title. His older brother already has a son with his wife,” Tatiana pointed out, thinking through the options Corianne had pondered over the winter.
It had been a harsh one. The wet spring made a poor reprieve to the storms, ice, and snow. They’d nearly run out of wood and had burnt dried horse dung several times though Corianne had lamented the smell would ruin her clothes. It had been better than freezing. Firewood had been hard to come by. Too much was needed for construction, furniture, and paper. The rest seemed reserved for future use. Pyotr managed to trade labor for scraps from the mill. It got them through, at least last winter.
Corianne twisted a bit of the fabric of her nightclothes. “I hate the countryside. I don’t want to farm or sew or find work in a shop. The earl is the best chance I have. And he has a real title from family and lands before the war. Not like these silly things given to people who served. You’ll help me, won’t you Tatiana?”
Corianne reached forward and took Tatiana’s hand. Tatiana looked into her cousin’s hope filled eyes. “Things are changing. In a few years, it might not be so disrespectable, or dangerous, for a woman to travel alone. Like before the war. We could go to a city together and find work,” Tatiana said.
“Before my mother marries me off to some farmer, so we have a new cow or enough wood for the winter? And work doing what? We missed how many years of school due to the war? And we weren’t brought up in any trades. I couldn’t sew well if you gave me an electric sewing machine and the power to run it like they have in the shop down in Kendal. We will always be poor or will marry farmers unless you help me marry well, someone with connections and money. 
“Then I’ll be able to find a way for you and your brother to go back to Russia. You can really see what happened to your family. I don’t want to end up like my mother, marrying a soldier with a poor house and little money. I’m meant for more than that, and so are you. I need you, Tatiana.”
Tatiana leaned forward and hugged Corianne, sweeping back her long flaxen hair. “Of course, you know I’ll help.”
She gave in, as she always did. Corianne’s dreams had fed Tatiana since her arrival with her younger brother eight years earlier. She and Pyotr had listened to Corianne’s promises while Russia burned, their family’s fate unknown. He had only been ten and she fifteen. Memories of life before the war, when electricity had been everywhere along with cell phones, computers, and digital cameras, felt like a fairy story compared to reality. Some days, she couldn’t remember what some of the old devices had been called.
Today, it turned out that helping Corianne would be several hours of sending letters dictated by her. Correspondences across the county and breadth of England to extended families or fragile connections to we-once-happened-to-be-introduced. Corianne was truly desperate to leave, hungry for a lifestyle barely remembered. The earl had electricity, Corianne had pointed out after the dinner last night. And a phone!
“We have an uncle, in New London. If we could visit him ...”
Tatiana tuned Corianne out as she arranged the heavy paper. She knew the uncle. He had little money and a mean temper. Tatiana doubted they’d be invited to visit, and that if they were they would find meeting established members of society very difficult while in his care. 
“After, I need you to walk over to Lady Rosingale’s to take some spring wine and the last of the winter jam.”
“Rosingale’s? That is four miles away. I’ll be lucky to be back before dinner. Why on earth do you want me to go over there?”
“Oh, you have to be back by four. That’s the point! She is having a garden party this evening, and I haven’t been invited. I’m sure it is just an oversight and when she sees the gifts will realize it.”
Tatiana blinked a few times. The arguments on how unfair Corianne was being tangled between her brain and tongue. Tatiana’s expression said what she failed to speak. Corianne took brief pity on her cousin. 
“We’ll do the letters tomorrow so you can leave now. Oh, why don’t you ask your brother to go? I’m sure he has nothing worthwhile to do,” Corianne said. “I’ll go get the basket once I’m dressed. Tell your brother to wear something nice so Lady Rosingale is sure to think well of us. That way you can have tea at eleven with Duke Waldrope’s younger daughter and me. She and her family are up visiting her aunt. I’m sure she’ll know who in parliament is eligible and looking. Maybe we can get an invite down to their estate. At least her mother has socials! We could meet people.”
Corianne breezed into the small room next door while she spoke to sort out clothes. Tatiana’s expression crumbled as hot tears filled her eyes. Tatiana doubted her brother would be willing to hold the bridle to Corianne’s horse even if it meant she was leaving for good. But once she was dressed, she would try. Pyotr was her brother, and it wasn’t a big favor.  
As feared, Pyotr was not willing to help her out. His hazel-green eyes frosted when he heard of Corianne’s request, and no begging would get him to budge. 
“She is your friend. You do it. I’m not her servant boy.”
“She took you in the same she did me. We owe her.”
Pyotr turned his back, lifting the wheelbarrow of horse manure. Tatiana was left to glare at his broad shoulders and sandy blond hair.
“No, her mother, our aunt, took us in. Not Corianne. I have chores for Aunt Linda to do today.”
Tatiana was tempted to throw a horse apple at him but had nowhere to clean her hand other than her dress. She wasn’t a child anymore. At twenty-three, she could be married and have a family of her own instead of chasing Corianne’s fancies across the countryside. And instead of being caught up in Corianne’s dreams of what life could be like when the war’s deprivations eased at last.
It was nearly ten o’clock. Tatiana sighed. She scooped up the heavy basket and turned on her heel, trying to imagine the day Corianne was married off. To someone wealthy enough that they had more than two horses, one only fit for a plow. Or maybe someone who would just take Corianne to the continent. Tatiana smiled as she headed down the lane between the pasture and the vegetable field.





Chapter 5

THE EARL OF KESMERE
RHIOL

Derrick could not recall any time when Byran might have started to tell him about his relationship with Arinna. Of all the things that had occurred since the day before, that one bothered him the most. Even if it were the most insignificant of the events. He’d never thought Byran could deceive him, or anyone really. Now he knew there was quite a lot that Byran left unsaid.
The three paused their horses in the dancing shade of young leaves. Across the pasture lined by stone walls stood the manor house of Rhiol nestled against the forest at the foot of a high crag. Unlike the tan stone of his estate of Kesmere with its lofty burgundy peaked roofs and solid walls pierced by sets of high windows, Rhiol was squat and plain. And also unlike Kesmere, it was only a borrowed home for Arinna. Kesmere and its title were his by rights. She held only the honorary designation denoting service in the war. Even if her service, as unorthodox as it was, had won the war.
Derrick had not had cause to visit the neighboring estate and had avoided it altogether since Arinna’s arrival. This view of Rhiol was his first. The manor was massively built with small windows. It stood two stories tall, which was comparable to Kesmere. But unlike Kesmere’s arched flowing lines of cream stone that highlighted the windows and buttresses, the only ornamentation at Rhiol was over the doors and along the Georgian roofline. But it was only the simple windows and low roof that made it appear smaller. The entire structure looked to be bigger than Kesmere. The connected buildings, including a main residence, stables, and barn, sprawled to form three sides of a rectangle. A high wall completed the last section, enclosing a small inner courtyard. 
Next to him, Arinna’s focus rested on Byran. And Byran’s on her. If it were any other couple, Derrick would have said they were courting. The attraction and friendship were obvious enough that he was happy they’d ridden through secluded woods and met no one. But Byran was married, even if fidelity had never been a strong part of the arrangement. And Arinna kept the rules of the Guard she commanded, and they could not marry while they served. Did she still serve if the war was over and she was never truly military personnel? Derrick watched them and felt like he stood in the sinking ground of a bog with no clear path back to the future he thought lay ahead. It was a feeling he thought he’d escaped years before.
If not knowing when Byran had meant to tell him about Arinna worried his thoughts, what stung was that Byran had come to Rhiol not to see him but to warn her. He’d stood with fingers gripping the balcony railing and listened to Byran confess to Arinna why he’d come to Kesmere. It was a secret that Derrick’s father hadn’t bothered to share. Though the fact that he’d called mere days before Byran’s arrival spoke that his father knew something was afoot. Knowing David Eldridge, if he knew of it, he was likely part of the cause.
Derrick had left his father’s machinations behind years ago when he’d run to Kesmere. He’d walk away from this too, but for Byran. Derrick had never seen Byran look at a woman so smitten, not even his wife. Which left Derrick barely able to contain his nerves.
“Are you well, my lord earl?”
Arinna’s question made Derrick push unwelcome thoughts aside. “Yes, I was actually thinking of tomorrow,” he replied, nudging his young stallion onward. Cobalt rolled his eyes but obliged.
“Is it that bad?” she asked. Some of the warmth she gave to Byran infused her tone.
“Oh, not as bad as that. We ride for Kendal to go over reconstruction efforts with continent members.” Derrick paused, trying to ignore she was the Lady Grey. If it were any other woman, he’d have been happy for Byran. “Would you like to ride along?”
Arinna blinked, her answer coming a fraction slow. “Yes, that would be lovely. Shall I meet you at Payson’s Bridge at seven?”
Derrick nodded in answer as if it had been a perfectly normal invitation and acceptance. The bridle paths emerged from the woods into the light of a clear day, bringing with it the smell of wet sod. Byran paused his horse in the shade of a tree that lined the lane running between two pastures as if reluctant to part ways despite the promise of seeing her the next day. 
“Why did you come to County Cumbria? Why here?” Byran asked her. 
It was the first time Derrick was grateful for the old friendship between Arinna and Byran. He had wondered the same question, often quite vexed when he did but had never found a polite way to inquire. 
Arinna’s first response was a teasing glance before she asked in return, “What do you see around you?”
“Trees, Huntsfield Brook, your pastures, the peaks in the distance.” Byran paused, returning his glance to Arinna with a shrug. “Nothing else.”
She nudged her borrowed horse forward. “Exactly.”
For what might have been the first time that morning, Byran gave his attention to Derrick, seeking the answer. Derrick remembered the bases during the war and his fiancée’s estate. He knew what was different here, and it left his mouth dry.
“No guards,” Derrick said. 
“Very good,” Arinna replied. 
Derrick sat back in his saddle, feeling his way through tactics while considering the geography. The FLF was shattered from the reports he had seen, but there was always the chance of resistance reforming. The world was in turmoil, and Europe’s lands and resources made them a target no matter the three years of peace. He heard there were occasional skirmishes beyond Europe’s borders.
“Any outside attack would have to make it through the continent to reach northern England. Or be direct over Old Ireland or over the remains of the ice cap,” Derrick said.
“Yes, plenty of opportunity to see it or find it first,” Arinna replied.
“And something not so obvious? Something more homegrown?” Byran asked, frowning.
Arinna shrugged. “That is why it is a valley of old families connected to the new parliament. Loyal, even if not fans per se,” she finished with a playful glance at Derrick, which caught him unprepared for the friendly inclusion.
“Protection by the watchfulness of the populace,” Derrick mused to steady his emotions. “And if that failed?”
“Well,” she said as they left the soft dirt of the lane, and the horses’ hooves crunched on the gravel of Rhiol’s drive. “I am the last line of defense.”
Derrick wasn’t sure if her answer was flippant or sincere. And he wasn’t given the time to inquire further. A man who neither looked like a house steward or stable hand met them in the inner courtyard and took Arinna’s bridle. He was older, easily Derrick’s father’s age, but well muscled as if he were of the Guard or a former soldier. But he carried himself with the relaxed ease of a farmer so that Derrick was uncertain how to place him.
The Lady Grey or not, Arinna was a woman and Derrick expected a comment of some sort about her absence and worry for her. Or in front of himself and Byran, perhaps no comment at all but some silent indication of disapproval. Instead, the man met Arinna’s eyes soberly. Whatever silent communication passed between them caused Arinna’s expression to grow serious.
“There is a message for you, my lady,” the man said, his accent not English. Arinna gave a curt nod as she dismounted.
“Thank you, Christophe.” She turned to where Derrick and Byran sat their horses still. “And thank you my lord earl and baron for the escort home. Until tomorrow.”
She didn’t wait for their acknowledgement but walked toward the house with a purposeful gait. Byran sighed before taking the reins to the mare Arinna had ridden from Christophe. They retraced their route, trotting down the dirt lane along the pastures.
Byran broke the silence between them as they reentered Rhiol’s woods. “I appreciate it, but you do not have to put yourself in her company just for me. But I do appreciate it.”
Derrick snorted quietly at the thank you. He’d made the invitation because Byran was his oldest friend. But the acknowledgement was a small balm for the troubling revelations over the last day.
“As dear as you are to me, old friend, it is not just for your benefit,” Derrick replied.
Byran stiffened, glancing at Derrick with veiled eyes. “What else then?” There was crispness to his Spanish accent. Words and accusations unspoken fell between them again.
“It is good for people to see us together ... that we are not opposed to each other. Even adversaries can be congenial, can they not?” Derrick replied, attempting to break the impasse in their friendship with honesty.
Byran held Derrick’s gaze for a long moment, then looked away with his mouth set in a firm line.





Chapter 6

CAPTAIN JARED VRIES
BATTLE IN THE WASTELAND

“I don’t care if you’ve lost count. You owe me for that one.”
Jared looked over at his commander, taking in the blood-soaked bandage that wrapped Arinna’s left palm to her elbow. His eyes flicked back to the crack through which he could see the rubble-strewn alley. 
“By the looks of it, I’ll be paying you with a blood transfusion.”
Arinna snorted, her gaze flicking to Jared and then back out to her vantage point. 
“And whose fault is that? I can’t believe you managed to get yourself pinned down.”
“Hah, I can’t believe you were wandering around the countryside without your communicator. Where were you anyway, my lady?”
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” Arinna looked over at him again, her expression serious. Jared shifted so that he could see out and her at the same time. He waited, knowing that she would tell him without the need to ask. He glanced at the clock on his communicator and then down the quiet street and frowned. 	
“Parliament is thinking of arresting me.”
Jared’s gaze swung back to his commander.
“What? I haven’t heard anything from our contacts.”
“I know.” Arinna looked out the window again. “Minister Gerschtein seems to have left out some papers on the Guards’ funding.”
“On purpose?” Jared asked.
“That I’m not certain of yet. But it was seen by staffers, and now they think I’m planning a coup.” Arinna’s eyes danced in amusement when she looked over at him.
“Oh, if only we were so bored,” he drawled. “How did you hear of it?”
“An old friend.”
Jared glanced at her. “I know all your friends, my lady.”
She smiled, one that was a little more tender than he was used to seeing. “From before the war. You don’t know everything, Captain.”
His brows pulled together. “Really? I’m starting to wonder exactly where you were last night, my lady.”
To his surprise, Arinna blushed lightly. Jared was stunned enough to rock back on his heels. He slowly grinned. “Well, well. I did not think that of you.”
“That is none of your concern, nor what you are thinking, I might add.” She tossed him a stern look that was marred by the laughter on her lips and a light in her eye he had not seen ... he wasn’t sure. Certainly not since Michael’s death. His smile took on a bit of fondness.
“Yes, but now I’m curious. That is quite a piece of information to have gathered.”
Arinna relented. “It was from Baron Vasquez.”
The warmth went right out of Jared. “Vasquez? You weren’t in Old Spain, so you were in Rhiol ... with him? Gods have mercy,” Jared couldn’t believe it. “You and Baron Vasquez?”
Arinna’s expression was a cross between amusement and anger. His commander was not often angry with him, but Jared knew when he had crossed the line. He didn’t think this was it.
“If you so need to know, I was at Kesmere, and it was Lady le Marc’s bed I was in ... and she was not,” Arinna added, shooting Jared a look to be sure he kept his tongue and mind in check. “Byran was there visiting. He’d come to the Lakes to warn me. Give him that at least. We have known each other a very long time.”
Her voice was weary on the last. Jared pinched the bridge of his nose, sorting through the riot Arinna’s information started in him: relief, surprise, an odd stirring of hope. 
“Kesmere,” he whispered, looking once more down the street without seeing it for a moment. A flicker of movement brought him back round. “They are nearly in place.”
Arinna nodded, wincing as she flexed her wrist. There was blood dripping from the bandage now. Under the dirt, Arinna was waxen pale.
“At least this time you brought enough bullets. I hate using a sword right-handed.”
Jared gritted his teeth and didn’t reply for a moment. “I told you not to come after me,” he finally rasped.
Arinna didn’t change her focus from the view through her vantage point. She leaned against the crumbled plaster of the wall with her right shoulder, looking for a better view. Jared’s pulse was picking up.
“I think it is a set up, nonetheless. It is too perfect. Files left accidentally out and shared between members that we have no contact with.”
It took Jared a moment to remember what they had been talking about. “They still need you. Why would they try something like this now?”
“You don’t know what it is like on the continent now. It is easy for even them to forget about this. I don’t think they remember they need me.”
It was a disquieting thought. Gunfire erupted in the streets outside the small building Arinna had managed to win them at the cost of her blood and six FLF fighters. The remaining enemy soldiers had set up snipers and a blockade knowing he and Arinna would have to leave at some point. But the Guard had come. Arinna’s whereabouts, in the field at least, were always known. No matter that Jared had felt himself pinned down and ordered no rescue. His commander would not leave her captain short of her having died attempting to achieve it. He was fiercely fond and vexed with her both.
Not that he would not, or had not, done any less. Counting the number of times they had saved each other’s lives had been a game until they had topped twenty. After that, they had gotten so busy they lost count. 
Arinna tossed a feral grin at him over her shoulder. “I think we should help.” She was out the door with her words, he on her heels.
The street was a confusion of shouting and bullets, dust filling the air as an explosion shattered the building behind them. The same house they had just been in. Arinna had a sixth sense for staying alive. The men and women of the Guard would have followed her just for that. 
Arinna did use her gun right handed, Jared covering her weaker side. She fought ruthlessly to ensure he made the gamut while he did the same for her. A bullet struck the cinders between them, Arinna firing back without pausing. Hugging the relative safety of an overhang, she led the way while he watched their back. They both made it to the rest of the Guard at the mouth of the alley with only a few more scratches.
Rejoined as one force, Arinna was quick to sort out a plan, injured or not. “How the hell did they make it this far into the Russian wasteland without us noticing?” 
The Lady Grey was furious, and Jared didn’t blame her. They had been blindsided. But it could have ended up much worse.
The movement had been spotted two days before. They’d only just returned from a battle along the dry north shore of Africa. The Freedom Liberation Front had thought a few boats wouldn’t be noticed, even if they were filled with explosives. Of course, they had been seen, but destroying an enemy in the midst of ferrying weapons had proven tricky. The battle and mop up as the Guard chased scattered and well armed FLF troops had taken a few weeks. Arinna had just left command to return to Rhiol when the sighting of a force in old Russia came in.
Jared had sent eyes to sneak in and tell him what was afoot. It was serious, arms and men enough to cause havoc so that he chose to take a contingent and snuff out the incursion. Which was when the edges of the trap had sprung up around him. 
The scouts he had sent had looked at the movement as he’d asked. They’d seen what the FLF had wanted them to see and not the men and weapons beyond. After all the time in the war, he still had not learned. When he’d radioed back that help was needed, Arinna had not answered. Other Guard had come under First Lieutenant Gabriella Faronelli. But the lack of Arinna, her lack of response, had left Jared feeling hollow all night. 
When Arinna had arrived that afternoon, the fight had been at a stalemate: Jared pinned down in the thick of it while most of the Guard was on the far side of the city. Arinna had ignored the order Jared had given Gabriella and dropped in on top of him and sent the reinforcements with her to break up the line between them and the Guard. Now Arinna meant to turn the FLF line like a giant blade, spinning the split forces until they were against Guard reinforced positions. She was very angry.
“It is a wasteland on the outskirts of old Russia, and they screened their movements,” came the answer to Arinna’s question. Only Jared dared speak it.
“Poor excuse,” she snapped.
Arinna’s attention was focused on logistics. When Gabriella spoke as she stood frowning next to him, Jared did not think Arinna heard her comment, “We are splitting our forces into four to fight a battle on two fronts. It is a mistake. We’ll be lucky to get out with our lives.”
It took another moment, but Arinna’s eyes flicked up to Jared’s, holding his a moment. He knew the command when he saw it. Arinna had heard, but she was leaving it up to him to explain.
“We’ve already split their forces, and main supplies are with the southern group. The northern contingent is nearly out of bullets,” Jared said to Gabriella.
Gabriella shook her head, her ponytail of black hair emphasizing the movement. “They could spin behind our line and overwhelm us.”
Jared cut her off with a look. “The old city wall will keep them penned in on the north and the river to the south. Most of our forces will be pushing the FLF into our entrenched line.”
Jared waited until Gabriella mulled over the maneuver. He could command her to do it but knew it would go better with her voluntary support. Plus, if she understood the plan, she’d be better prepared if something changed in the course of battle. 
Gabriella nodded, the tight line across her forehead gone. It was a small argument done, but he was glad of that. Gabriella was smart as well as highly calculated. Before the war swept her into the Guard, Gabriella had been in Italian intelligence. She just didn’t always see the leaps in planning Arinna made, at least not at first.
The strategy played out at dusk to overspreading clouds and a cold rain. It worked better than even he had hoped. The FLF forces cracked. Those in the northern section of the deserted city surrendered as soon as they ran out of bullets and found themselves pinned by the old city wall. The few grenades they launched at it only made it crumble further without opening any escape routes.
With the northern group disposed off, the Guard swept in on the remaining FLF from both sides like a giant pincher. Near midnight with the FLF’s backs to the spring-swollen river, the last enemy soldiers laid down their weapons. 
Jared stood for a moment with his face tilted to the sky. Cold drops or not, they felt good. Twelve hours before, he thought he’d be dead by now and had seen the faces of his two boys and daughter for the last time. Arinna sat a few feet away when he opened his eyes. She watched the Guard sort out the combatants, claiming weapons before moving them for transport. The bandage wrapped around her left arm was muddy now, the darkness and wet making the blood indistinguishable from the dirt.
“Have you had that seen to?”
“Yes, before we initiated the plan in case things didn’t go well, and it fell to hand to hand. It was barely a nick in the blood vessel I’ll have you know.”
“Good, then I don’t owe you one.”
Laughter burst from her as she cast him a sidelong glance. He chuckled as well, gathering up a rifle and a waylaid pack.
“Will you come back to headquarters to sort this lot out?”
Arinna ran mud slick fingers through her short hair, pushing it out of her face.
“No, I have a date later this morning.” She chuckled at the look on his face. “I do have other duties you know. The Earl of Kesmere asked me to join him and Byran over at the Kendal conference.”
“Truly? Well, it would be a shame to stand them up. It isn’t often he is sending invitations your way.”
“Hah, normally it is wished for daggers. I don’t know what he is up to, but would sincerely like to find out.” She glanced over at her captain. “So it will be up to you to see to these and find out just what the FLF thought they were doing trying to sneak through the wasteland of old Russia. I’ll check in with MOTHER to find out why they’d like me removed.”





Chapter 7

THE EARL OF KESMERE
LADY ROSINGALE’S

It was a garden party like any of dozens he’d attended over the years. Usually, Derrick did not fret. He’d been born into a political family, doted on by his uncle who’d left him the title of earl as well as Kesmere. But tonight, Derrick was rattled. 
Byran had barely spoken to him all day. At first, after seeing the doubt in Byran’s eyes, Derrick had avoided his friend, choosing instead to deal with the matters of owning an estate. It was easy to lose himself in the needs of ensuring crops were planted, flocks tended, and buildings in good repair. He’d done so for four years. When he’d finally put aside his annoyance and gone looking to find Byran, it was to watch him pacing the stone patio situated a few steps below the house and above the garden. 
“Do you think she will be there?” Byran asked without preamble.
“Who? Where?” Derrick asked.
Byran stopped and stared at Derrick as if he were mad. “Arinna and at the garden party tonight. Where is it? Lady Rosingale’s?” Byran ran a hand through his dark curls and started pacing again.
Which was good because it made him miss Derrick’s exasperated sigh. Annoying his oldest friend was not the way he wanted to start the afternoon. 
“Probably? I’m sure she was invited. I’ve seen her at a few events since her move here six months ago.”
“Over the winter,” Byran said under his breath. Derrick caught it only because Byran’s pacing had brought him on a return path.
“Yes, over the winter. What of it?”
Byran glanced at him from the corner of his eye as he passed. “When parliament was in session. You remember parliament, don’t you, Senator?”
“I don’t need a lecture on duties from you,” Derrick snapped, the morning’s irritation back tenfold.
“At least I attend to my part in seeing Europe is restored from the war! You are only going to the conference tomorrow because I am here. Otherwise, you wouldn’t bother.”
“Yes, your visit. I meant to tell you if you were truly here to see the Lady Grey, you need only have said. I’d have made certain your wife remained none-the-wiser,” Derrick snapped. “Or is that a duty you are now taking more seriously?” 
Bryan glared at him. Without a word, he stalked down the remaining steps and into the formal gardens and fields beyond. That wasn’t a good sign. For all the times they’d disagreed with each other, Byran had never walked away. Shouting and even the occasional fists were more typical. 
They didn’t see each other the remainder of the afternoon until they met outside of Kesmere’s stable to leave. Derrick waited beside Cobalt as Byran strode from the house, dressed smartly, but that wasn’t out of the ordinary for him. “Byran I—”
Byran swung into the saddle of his horse and urged it ahead without looking at him. It was going to be a long night. Derrick mounted, trotting Cobalt to catch up. Byran remained silent and a pace ahead the entire hour ride. By the time Derrick arrived and gave the two horses to a stable boy, Byran had disappeared. So much for apologies. 
It was only spring and a damp one at that, but Lady Rosingale’s annual garden party, which started the summer’s events and was timed for parliament’s seasonal break, looked as if a fairy garden had appeared amid the Lake District. Plants overwintered in her conservatory and the halls of the manor were outside and in full bloom, contrasting with guests that mixed wool and fur amid colored, but heavy fabric dress. 
Derrick stood on an upper terrace and surveyed the garden, searching for either Byran’s dark curls or Arinna’s short red hair. He’d just decided they must be off together when he spied Byran alone. The party was no time to track down his friend and have it out with him. Derrick was ignoring greetings and associates. But after a day of unspoken argument, he’d had enough, and he didn’t feel like socializing. 
Byran’s eyes had just settled on him when someone caught Derrick’s elbow. He turned to face young Dame Corianne Heylor. “I wanted to thank you for your invitation to dinner last night, my lord earl. I was telling Eloise how lovely Kesmere is.”
Derrick could think of nothing to respond, so he focused on everything he wanted to say and ask Byran, pleasantries regarding the evening before would not form in his thoughts.
“It is lovely to see you again, Dame Heylor. Did your cousin come as well? It was a pleasure to meet her last night,” Byran said, his voice and smooth tone disassociating Derrick further rather than helping him collect himself. 
“Oh, I had thought it had been a ... more private gathering from your description, Corianne,” Eloise said. Corianne blushed before dipping her head and steering Eloise away. 
Derrick turned to Byran to see anger still tinged his brown eyes, even though he’d come to Derrick’s rescue. Derrick grinned, remembering all the times and scrapes they’d been through. 
“Dammit,” Byran said, a smile pulling at his lips as well. They both started to laugh. 
“Come on, let’s not be the center of attention,” Derrick said, heading out toward the quieter corners of the garden and its sprawling party.
“At least you have a date tonight,” Byran said as they walked, still chuckling though the words held disappointment.
“I really thought she would be here,” Derrick said. “You’ve known each other a long time then?” he asked.
Byran ran his fingers through his hair, looking off toward the party as if he wanted to go back and check once more. He sighed and dropped onto a stone bench. “I’ll see her tomorrow. After all this time, I can wait another day. And yes, I’ve known her since before the war. We met in Madrid when she worked for the US Embassy. She was there a year or so after the military takeover of the US government.”
“I never knew ... you never told me about her,” Derrick said, sitting next to Byran.
“I know. I meant to. I wanted to introduce you once. But... I’d never been in love before, not like that. I couldn’t think straight. Thought you would tease me.”
Derrick grinned. “I would have. But ... I would have helped you.”
“I know. Man, I never thought I would be the one married with kids. I love Isabella and Cerilla and Santi. I do ... it’s just that—”
“You love Arinna too?”
“It was because of her and her work at the embassy that I got involved in politics. Not because of Isabella. So much of what I’ve done started because I met Arinna.”
“And now she is at the next estate,” Derrick said with a shake of his head. “What are you going to do?”
“Try not to make a fool out of myself,” Byran said with a glance toward Derrick. His look sobered. 
“What is it?” 
“Like I said, when we were teenagers, I never would have thought I’d be the one married and with kids. And you are sort of engaged? Did your father really arrange that? You’ve never told me. You left the base and came to Kesmere before the war ended, and you really haven’t left since. What happened?”
Derrick choked. “I can’t ... I’ll tell you. I’m just not ready yet.”
“After four years?” Byran snorted at Derrick’s nod. “I haven’t seen you smile like you did back there in years. It was you like ... before the war or maybe when you were a soldier in the Guard. I can’t imagine what happened that you changed so much. But I’m here whenever you are ready.”
Derrick nodded, gaze sliding away into the darkness. He needed to be able to put into words his riot of feelings and responses that still felt raw before he could explain any of it to Byran. And some of it he didn’t think he’d be able to tell his friend. It would disappoint him too much. 
“Are we good?” Derrick asked, the old phrase that often ended their fights when they’d been teenagers sounding out of place in the world of formality that had risen from the old one’s ashes.
“Yeah, we’re good,” Byran said, rising to his feet. They walked a few paces in silence again before Byran spoke. “I know you don’t like Arinna. I’m not sure why other than it must have something to do with the Guard. So you don’t have to tag along and, I don’t know, chaperone us.”
Derrick snorted. “Actually, I probably do. Seriously, you are a married politician, and she is the leader of the armed forces. And from what you said to her this morning, she is under suspicion of treason.”
Byran stopped, red-faced and fuming. “It isn’t true!”
“Fine, it isn’t. Not that I think anyone would believe you weren’t at least a little biased.” Derrick held out a hand to calm his friend. “But if you care about her enough to cross the continent to warn her and not even tell me why you are here, I think you’d not want to cause her more rumors to squelch.” 
It took Byran a minute to tamp down his emotions enough to answer. “You are right, of course. You really had heard none of the rumor on the Guard siphoning funds?”
“No,” Derrick answered, continuing the walk back to the party. “Who would I hear that sort of news from out here?”
“Your father,” Byran snapped. Derrick tripped on a garden stone.
“He hasn’t told me anything in years. Only ... he called the other day and said to watch her,” he confessed. 
“That is why you are inviting her tomorrow? For your father?” Byran’s anger erupted again as he slammed to a stop. 
“No! For you. You obviously care for her. Though if I cared for your sanity, I’d probably send you home to Isabella. I don’t care what my father wants.”
“I do,” Byran said. He swallowed down the anger leaving behind worry on his face. “Something is going on, and I need to know what, Derrick.”
“Shit.” It was the first word that came to his mind. “You are my best friend, but I don’t know if I can start talking to my father again, even for you.”
Byran dropped an arm over his shoulder. “It is so good to hear you swear again! You’ve smiled tonight. You swore. Maybe the Lady Grey will be good for you too.”
“Haha, I suppose I will find out as I have a feeling you are planning on spending quite a bit of time with her over the next few weeks. Which means I’ll be spending quite a bit of time with her.” 
“What, not shipping me back to Isabella then?” Byran said, pushing Derrick forward before he had a chance to dwell on a future in Arinna’s company. 
Derrick shrugged. “I barely know your wife. I’d prefer not to know your girlfriend, but I don’t think it can be helped in this case.”
“Well, that is your own fault for holing up here. You’d be more than welcome at Merimarche.”
“Watching you with children ... that would be something,” Derrick said, the teasing holding more truth than expected. 
The party lights were only a hedge away, music and laughter flooding over the plants to reach where they stood in the growing shadows of evening. Byran pulled back the friendly arm over Derrick’s shoulders and straightened his jacket. 
“Ready to be social and all that?” Byran asked. 
Derrick frowned. “No, not really.”
“Good, glad to hear it. You were starting to worry me. Come on, I’ll get us something to drink, and then I think we should talk.”
“I don’t think I can take finding out you have more secrets, Byran,” Derrick said, meaning it.
Byran cast him a quick glance. “No more. I just think if you are going to be trailing along after Arinna and me, you should know a little about how we met. And it isn’t what you might think.”
“And it is going to require drinking for you to tell me?”
Byran grinned like he had when they were about to do something very foolish. “Oh yes, a lot. What? Are you afraid you’ll find out you actually like her?” Byran tossed over his shoulder.
Derrick was glad he didn’t have to answer because he didn’t want to have to tell Byran that he was. Then Kesmere would have been the wrong choice.





Chapter 8

BARON VASQUEZ
RECONSTRUCTION

They arrived early. That was his fault. After sharing a bit of how he and Arinna had met with Derrick, Byran had been impatient to see her again today. 
It was quiet near the marsh that lay above the bridge where they’d agreed to meet. The stream flowed through a morning land cloaked in mist. Most of the world was waking, and the birds calling from the reeds sounded loud and haunting in comparison to the stillness. He and Derrick sat quietly on their horses, the conversation from the night before having eaten Byran’s desire to talk. He wanted more than memories with Arinna as well as a return to the times when Derrick had been more carefree. And as the sunlight warmed, he tried to ignore that Arinna was late.
When she appeared on the road, Arinna seemed to break off from the mist, a piece of night and fog condensed into form by daylight. Her dark grey horse moved without a sound along the road. He tossed his head to turn one eye to where they sat but did not neigh or challenge as another stallion might. He snorted once, huffing in the scent of the gelding Byran rode and Derrick’s Cobalt. Arinna patted her stallion’s neck, and he settled.
“I’m sorry I am late. Thank you for waiting.”
Arinna smiled pleasantly. It might have been believable to someone who didn’t know her. She leaned to her left, holding the reins loosely in her right hand when she was typically left-handed. More than that, though, there was slowness to her expression as if she were tired. The worry he’d felt at her lateness found a new home.
“I didn’t think you’d stand me up so soon,” Byran replied. 
Arinna chuckled as she stopped by his side. “I don’t remember standing you up too often.” Her eyes flashed with warmth. 
The horses made a hug difficult. He took her hand, brushing her fingers with his lips. Then instead of letting go, he gently pulled her arm forward and brushed back her sleeve. Arinna had left the long sleeve blouse under her dark blue riding coat unbuttoned at the cuff and the reason why was the same one as how she held the reins. A tight bandage went from her wrist to her elbow. 
“Byran!” Arinna said, snatching back her hand. She reached up to run her fingers through her hair, stopping mid-motion as a flash of pain crossed her face.
“If Rhiol is so dangerous, my lady, you are more than welcome to stay at Kesmere,” Derrick said into the silent tension.
“Hah, I will keep that in mind,” Arinna said, her glance at Derrick full of humor. “Good morning to you, my lord earl,” she added as she turned her horse and urged him forward.
Byran nudged his horse to follow, waiting for Arinna to say more. She didn’t.
“You cannot tell me this was some accident from around the manor,” he finally asked, vexed.
“No, you are right. There was a small ... problem out of the country and I forgot it wasn’t wise to try to catch bullets.”
“When?” Byran demanded.
Arinna sighed. “Yesterday actually, after you left Rhiol.”
“That was the message awaiting you,” Derrick said. Arinna tossed him a quick glance.
“Yes.”
Arinna did not elaborate, leaving Byran to wonder if she’d say more if Derrick weren’t there. Surprisingly, it was Derrick who pushed for more information.
“It is rather unusual, isn’t it, for you to be called away for such a problem?” 
“Yes, of course,” Arinna said after a moment’s hesitation. “It was very unexpected. There are only occasional problems that come up these days, my lord earl.” The answer sounded rehearsed, full of reassurances without saying anything. Byran spent his days dealing in politics. He knew a covering phrase when he heard it. He sighed. Derrick and Arinna’s civilities were a thin veneer for their distrust, and he was tired of it already.
“Arinna, seriously what happened? You are tired and sore. When did you return?”
Her eyes were wide and very blue when she met his gaze. She bit her lip as she looked away. “This morning.”
Derrick stopped his horse. “You were in a fight last night? You needn’t have come. We can—”
Byran wasn’t certain who was more surprised by Derrick’s reaction, Arinna or him.
“I’m fine. I wanted to come. I wouldn’t have slept anyway.” Her voice trailed off as she looked away into the mist. “During the war, I would pace the barracks after a battle.”
Arinna’s voice was haunted with memories. A mixture of pain and understanding crossed Derrick’s face before he turned away as Arinna’s attention returned to them.
“This is much preferable, my lords.”
“So be it,” Derrick replied, manner gruff as he edged his horse forward. Derrick ended up a length ahead as Byran and Arinna followed.
“I looked for you last night at Rosingale’s,” Byran said.
“Ah well, I was supposed to attend, but as it turned out I was otherwise engaged,” Arinna said dryly.
Byran shook his head at Derrick’s snort. His friend’s moods were changeable as the wind. And as much as Byran wanted to sort out Derrick, with Arinna by his side in the growing day, Byran gave his attention to her.
The morning faded with the miles as he and Arinna talked. Enough time passed that Derrick dropped back to ride alongside though he rarely spoke. Byran would have been happy to have no destination. But traffic on the road increased as they approached Kendal. 
“I never asked what this conference was,” Arinna said with a laugh. “What exactly are we doing today?”
“It is a conference to review progress and proposals for restoration efforts across Europe. Parliament members from the UK, businesses, and people representing cities will be there,” Byran answered. 
“That sounds really pleasant,” Arinna said. “It will be nice to see something other than fighting and destruction.”
Derrick glanced at her sharply. “I would think you have not seen as much of that since the war ended, my lady.”
“I ... of course,” Arinna said. A slight blush rose to her cheeks. “I’m tired. It was the small skirmish last night that has me out of sorts. You must excuse me.”
They’d entered the outskirts of the town. Kendal still had the feel of colonial era Britain it had held before the war, probably more so as horses and carriages once again filled its streets instead of autos. Now the bustle of the city came from everyday people going about their lives, rather than tourists passing through. The three joined the mishmash of traffic, unable to continue any conversation as they maneuvered through the packed streets. Turning away from the market stalls, they made their way to the meeting hall.
“I will join you in a few minutes. There is something I need to check on; if you will excuse me, my lords,” Arinna said after dismounting and handing over her horse to a stable boy. She disappeared into the throng.
“Come on,” Derrick said, nudging Byran with his elbow. “From the look on your face, you no longer care if we were going to this conference or heading down to New London. You are not sneaking off to a café with her and leaving me to attend on my own.”
Byran chuckled. “You could come with us ...”
Derrick steered Byran up the steps, Byran catching the glimmer of a foolish smile on his friend’s face. It was the start of a great day.
Arinna appeared half an hour later as Byran listened to a presentation on restoring more wind turbines. 
“Everything all right?” he asked as she joined him. “You were gone longer than I expected. I started wondering if there were something else amiss after last night.”
“Nothing Captain Vries can’t handle. Actually, I wanted to check who was attending. There are a few people I need to speak to,” Arinna answered as they walked a line of displays outlining reconstruction ideas.
“Are they here?” 
“No, unfortunately. I will have to make a trip to the continent,” Arinna replied. Byran gave her a blank look, startled to think she would be planning such a journey to speak to someone. “Did you forget what you came to tell me?” she asked, amused at his lack of response. 
The accusation against her came flooding back. “Yes. Yes, I did,” Byran answered. “You’ll go soon?” He was torn between wanting her to stay and needing to know the rumor and potential threat to her would go no further. 
“Yes, this needs to be dealt with. I would have done it today, but for the promise to come here with you,” Arinna said. Byran loved her answer. “So which of these projects have you gotten yourself involved in?”
Byran navigated the sprawling conference, touring projects spread across the continent. He’d expected Arinna’s presence to either not be noticed or be ignored. It was neither. She was recognized and frequently stopped to hear passionate pitches on reconstruction or needs. A few caught her attention enough that he wondered if it had been his idea to attend or hers.
Free of the crowds a moment, he shook his head at her bright-eyed surveillance of the main conference hall and its tables of presentations. “I thought you were going to ask for the grid layout on how they were restoring power to Paris,” he said to her. 
“Do you think he had one?” she teased in answer. She looked at him a bit more closely. “You are surprised I’m enjoying this, aren’t you?”
“No, not that you are enjoying it. But that they would pitch their ideas so much to you.”
Arinna snorted. “I’m in charge of the most manpower and the most high tech equipment possibly remaining on the planet. They know that,” Arinna said, nodding toward the roomful of people. “Of course, they want to win my backing.”
“Why aren’t you more involved in the restoration efforts then?” Byran asked. Arinna froze for the blink of an eye before turning to smile at him. 
“We do what we can while guarding the borders. Episodes like last night show the Guard will be needed for a while yet. The more successful and stable Europe grows, the more the Guard needs to be watchful of what is outside of it.” Arinna’s attention was claimed by the room again. “It has to be after lunch time, isn’t it?” Her sky blue eyes fell solidly on him. 
“I think you’re right,” he answered.
Somehow they just didn’t make it back to the conference that afternoon. Lunch turned into a walk around Kendal, which led to a stop at a café. It felt natural as if the time when they’d had similar days while both worked for their respective embassies had been months before. Not years and not separated by war ... and marriage and children. And death. Though Byran often forgot about Michael, just as he had when Arinna and he had pretended to date for her to gain access and information around Madrid. The biggest change was that now she did not remind Byran of her husband either when he stood too close or touched her arm. 
When they finally returned to the meeting hall, it was to find Derrick conversing with an older woman just inside the entrance. She left as they approached, Derrick turning to find Byran and Arinna walking toward him. 
“Oh good, I was just going to look for you. I was starting to think you’d left the conference after all,” Derrick said.
“Oh no, we’ve been here all day,” Byran answered, earning a sharp glance from Derrick. Derrick made no response as they walked outside to find their horses.
Arinna was quiet as they made their way out of the city and its busy streets. The road opened to the countryside of the lakes and forest, the afternoon light bringing warmth of the coming summer. 
“You must be tired,” Byran said as they left the last of their fellow travelers behind. 
“Yes,” she replied. “I would invite you both to dine with me in Rhiol though I do not think I will be good company tonight. But if you don’t mind me falling asleep at the table, you are more than welcome.”
Derrick snorted a laugh. “Another night then?”
“I promise. I would be most pleased with the company,” she answered.
“When will you leave for the continent?” Byran asked, catching a quick glance from Derrick. “Arinna said there were a few people she needed to speak to about ... matters.”
“Yes, that explains the need succinctly,” Derrick replied, rolling his eyes.
“Probably tomorrow unless Captain Vries has news,” Arinna answered with an amused look.
“That is too bad. I’d hoped you’d attend the duchess’ ball in three days,” Byran answered. “I’d forgotten about it until I saw you speaking to her when we met you at the front door, Derrick.” 
“Oh yes, I do have an invitation to that. I should be back before then.”
“But, to sail to the continent alone takes days and then inland ...” 
Arinna laughed, drying his words though she tried not to interrupt him. “Do you think I went to a battle last night by sailboat?” she finally asked. Byran blushed.
“I hadn’t thought,” he admitted. 
“I’ll be back in a day,” she replied waving her hand.
“So it is more than horses that you keep in your stable?” Derrick asked. 
“A bit,” she answered with a grin.
“I know it isn’t appropriate, but would you attend the ball with me?” Byran asked. 
Derrick answered before Arinna managed to frame a response. “It isn’t appropriate,” he hissed at Byran. The glare in his dark blue eyes reminded Byran of his wife, someone he seemed to forget as easily as he used to forget Arinna’s now deceased husband. Byran looked away, wondering how far his friend would take to following what felt like Victorian traditions of modesty. Derrick sighed.
“But I do not have a date and would be honored if you would allow me to escort you,” Derrick said to Arinna. Byran would have believed his horse had disappeared from under his saddle. “It will, unfortunately, put you very much in Byran’s company for the evening, but under properly chaperoned supervision.” 
Arinna failed to keep a straight face. “You aren’t afraid that I will ruin your reputation, my lord earl? Between the dinner the other night, today, and now a ball?”
Derrick’s eye held a gleam as he replied, “I’ve risked worse for Byran. Considering my fiancée is absent, it isn’t so ... unorthodox of a solution.”
“No, it isn’t. And thank you, I do accept.” 
Byran remembered to breathe. “Will I see you before that?” he asked, mind still numb over what Derrick would do to cover for him.
“You really are pushing your luck today, aren’t you?” Derrick asked.
“I ride every morning I’m at Rhiol. It is a good workout for Raven here,” she said patting the neck of her dark grey stallion. “Come join me if you like. Any morning while you are in Kesmere. Both of you,” she added with a glance at Derrick.
“I’d be honored,” Derrick replied.
“Tomorrow morning, then?” Byran asked, thoughts racing ahead to other reasons he could find himself in Rhiol early in the morning. She gave him a look that told him she hazarded what he was thinking, then shook her head.
“I’ll see you in the morning,” she answered, her tone neutral. 
Byran searched for something to say, but before he managed, Derrick bumped his horse into Byran’s. Catching Byran’s attention, Derrick gave Byran a glare reminiscent of years before, one that warned he’d gone far enough and anything more was insane. Byran let the apologies, explanations, and hopes go. 
A quiet buzz sounded before they found their pace and conversation again. Arinna’s horse rolled his eyes at the noise. She patted him before turning to Byran and Derrick. 
“I’m sorry to leave you before we reach the bridge, but this is business I must attend to,” Arinna said. “Until the morning, my lords.” 
She turned her horse and cantered off without waiting for a reply, jumping a low stonewall to cut across a pasture toward Rhiol. Byran stared after her a moment.
“She is in charge of the Guard, and there was an incident of some sort last night, what do you expect?” Derrick asked Byran as he continued onward.
“Hugs and kisses?” Byran replied with a grin. Derrick shook his head.





Chapter 9

THE LADY GREY
REMINDERS

“It must have been planned for months. This level of resources and strategy on the part of the FLF is ...” 
“Troubling,” Arinna finished for Jared, looking over the pages of reports and surveillance he and Kehm, their Chief Communications Officer, had assembled. “They planned the offensive well. I’m surprised we won.”
“I’m always surprised when we win,” Jared said with a grimace. Arinna flashed him an amused glance. 
“You haven’t shared this with MOTHER yet?” she asked. 
“Nah, hadn’t gotten that far,” Jared said with a grin. 
Arinna snorted. “Let me guess, they’ve been asking for days.”
“Maybe a few,” Jared admitted. “I can take it over this afternoon. It will be fun to deliver it while their lord and ladyships have tea.”
“That’s alright. I’ll present it to them. That’s part of why I’m here.”
“The other part being that they were trying to frame you for a coup attempt? Because I’m sure you had other ... things you could be spending your time on.” 
“Yes,” Arinna answered, purposefully ignoring Jared for a moment as she looked through the report. When she finally glanced at him, he looked like he believed she meant a better use of her time. She couldn’t suppress her grin any longer. “Idiot,” she said, hitting him with the sheaf of papers.
“Well, what am I supposed to think, my lady? You’ve never had so much as a boyfriend in the last six years.”
“And you think I’m going to start with a married man?” Arinna snorted, the amusement fading.
“Not like we can marry while we’re Guard.” 
“How are your not-quite-wife and kids? You really need to take leave and spend some real time with them.”
“Sure. Let the FLF know I’m busy for a few weeks and to stop bothering us, will you?”
“Right after I talk to MOTHER, K?” Arinna paused, looking back at the maps in her hand. 
“What is it?” Jared asked her.
“Something doesn’t sit right. It was a lot of effort. They’ve never spent so much time rigging a trap like this before.”
“Desperate?”
“That much in resources? I’m a little nervous they are doing so well.”
Jared didn’t answer. He frowned and looked out the narrow window of his office. “Great, things are getting worse again with the FLF, and MOTHER is trying to get rid of you. Just great.”
“Why do you think I came over to the continent? I can’t fight the FLF and MOTHER at the same time. We need to end this nonsense now.”
“There is something more. I ordered Lieutenants Assad and Faronelli to give us a report on the status of their troops, numbers, and equipment.”
Arinna froze with new fears. “You can’t be serious? You are worried about how many troops we can field?”
Jared shrugged, not appearing as worried as he’d made her feel. “Did you expect we’d still be fighting three years after they officially declared the war over? You aren’t in the field much, and me only slightly more. I thought it was time we checked. You should be happy. Your cover regarding working with Gerschtein to tally the cost of the war gave me the idea.”
“Fantastic. That makes me feel much more reassured.”
Jared smirked, his somber mood disappearing as he asked, “So how did your date with Baron Vasquez and the Earl of Kesmere go?”
Arinna took the bait, knowing full well she couldn’t grow tired of the war yet. It wasn’t over. “Very well, actually. I learned some useful information at the conference.” 
“Useful information, great. I would think the goal was a second date!”
“Well, he invited me to a ball. Does that count?”
“Really? Which one was that, the earl or the baron?” Jared asked.
Arinna grinned at the sheer stupidity of the conversation. “The earl actually. Though the baron asked first. But as you pointed out, he is married. I have enough trouble with MOTHER; I don’t need that scandal as well.”
“Might be a bit more fun than staged coups! You still think Minister Eldridge is trying to get to you through his son?” 
“You don’t?” Jared shrugged at her question. Arinna ran her fingers through her short hair. “I don’t know either. We went riding this morning, Derrick, Byran, and I. I thought if I spent more time with Derrick, he’d slip or ask questions that I know his father would want answers to.”
“Like all the things you don’t tell MOTHER?” Jared said. “And he didn’t say anything?”
“No, he seemed ... nice,” Arinna said, a little disgusted. “I almost think he is trying to be decent for Byran’s sake.” 
“No hidden agendas? How boring. Must not take after his father then. Though that explains why you said you’d be coming to base this afternoon when I called yesterday. I couldn’t figure out why you wouldn’t come immediately if it were important enough to come at all. You’ll have to let me know when your dates are so I don’t call at a bad time.”
Despite knowing Jared was teasing, Arinna blushed. Her personal life, having a personal life, was not a realm she was used to thinking about. “Enough distractions, Captain, don’t you have a war to finish?”
Jared rolled to his feet. “I’ll be in the command center if your meeting with MOTHER goes a little off.”
Arinna snorted as she followed him out of the room, taking the report with her. “You really know how to inspire.”
MOTHER didn’t officially exist, at least not anymore. Created as the Ministry Operations Targeting Holistic Emergency Response, their role had been to hold together Europe after the simultaneous attacks on each government destroyed the ruling bodies of Europe. That day had nearly crumbled Europe, granting an instant victory to the Freedom Liberation Front. But enough important and determined figures survived. MOTHER formed out of the most influential. 
They crafted the combined parliament that officially ruled Europe now, calling on the other surviving senators like Byran to serve and guide Europe forward. And when new members of parliament were needed after a death and a lack of a family member that the seat could pass to, MOTHER selected a replacement. Someone who would follow what MOTHER wanted. 
Arinna didn’t ask what that was. Ever since her break from Minister Eldridge, whom she’d worked for as the liaison between the Guard and MOTHER, she spoke to the seven members of MOTHER only when needed. The coup someone in MOTHER was trying to frame her for had already happened. Only she hadn’t taken over the government; she’d taken control of the armed forces. Her husband had been captain, the highest leadership position of the combined armed forces known as the Grey Guard, before Jared Vries. When Captain Michael Prescot had died above Kiev, Arinna had taken the military decisions away from MOTHER’s incompetent hands. It had been too late to save her husband, but not too late to save Europe. 
Because of it, the Guard had managed to drive the FLF out of Europe just when MOTHER had been ready to cave and surrender. MOTHER hated her as much as they needed her. The truce between Arinna and MOTHER was uneasy at best, and now someone wanted to tip the balance, just when the FLF was trying new strategies. The timing was perfect.
The seven members of MOTHER kept offices in the parliament building built from the remains of Smetana Hall in Prague. They hid in plain site as senior advisors. They were a cabinet of non-elected statesmen for a Prime Minister, who had been killed in the war and hadn’t been replaced. At least not yet. With parliament on summer recess so the members could attend to family and estates, MOTHER was easy enough to track down. 
When Arinna arrived at the closed door to the small conference room from where they schemed, she didn’t even bother to knock.
“Good lord, announce yourself! We could have had you shot,” Sabana Pavia Casilla snapped.
“With what? You would never allow a soldier in here, and the guards at the door know I just walked in,” Arinna answered.
David Eldridge took a slow breath, easing himself into a semi-standing position as he glanced at his compatriots. The three men and three women seated around the table gave him their attention. “I believe Ms. Prescot is here to update us on the incident that happened in the Russian wasteland that we’ve been waiting to hear about. I hardly think you should be surprised, Sabana, that she would join us.”
Eldridge always acted as Arinna’s advocate, at least in front of her. It annoyed her as much as the sound of a name that felt as foreign to her as her life before the war. She’d hated it when the Guard had begun to call her Lady Grey. But it was true. She belonged to the Grey Guard more than she did to the name she’d taken when she’d married Michael. Did widows get to drop names that no longer fit?
“It must be important if you brought it here yourself,” Count Renault le Marc said. His breath wheezed as he finished. Suave and powerful, Arinna had once thought nothing would bring le Marc to heel, especially after he tied himself to Eldridge by betrothing his heir and daughter to Eldridge’s son. But age looked to be winning. 
“It is. Plus there is another matter that needs to be discussed,” Arinna said, dropping her stack of papers on the desk. Miralda Gerschtein shifted in her chair, but that didn’t prove guilt so much as indicated she was aware of the breach that had begun in her office of finance. 
“How did the FLF get so close to our borders?” Piero Ardizzone asked, reaching for the stack of paper that Arinna kept pointedly out of reach. 
“You mean so far into the wasteland,” Gilles Lieven said. “From what I’ve heard, it isn’t like they were even a day’s march from Europe.”
“I’d love to know what you’ve heard and from whom?” Arinna asked with a bright smile. Lieven paled. Her move to Rhiol suddenly made far more sense than aiding the illusion of peace that MOTHER tried to project. It was likely saving her sanity.
“Oh, just tell her,” Eldridge snapped at the closed mouth Lieven. “She’ll find out, probably more than you want her to if she needs to have you watched.”
“My son is seeing a soldier. She mentioned a fight being fairly deep in the wasteland,” Lieven spit out. Arinna made a mental note to have him watched. Eldridge did not usually allude to secrets so openly.
“Lovely. Thank you. I hope your son understands the relationship is about to become long distance. To answer your question, we didn’t see the FLF because it was a trap. A well thought out and very invested trap.” 
The men and women in MOTHER had been through the thick of the war, leading the fight against the FLF even if the leadership had been poor at best and disastrous on most occasions. She didn’t spare them the tactics and nuances used by the FLF to screen their movements so that the Grey Guard’s surveillance only picked up what the FLF wanted them to see and when they wanted it seen. 
“It was only when we went back over the satellite footage that we saw how long they had been laying the groundwork for this,” Arinna told them.
“Considering the preparations, our victory is impressive,” Ilse Boje said. She was the youngest member of MOTHER, about a decade older than Arinna, and usually the quietest when Arinna was present. That would have made her suspect enough, but Jared had told Arinna of the deep distaste he’d heard Boje voice. Now Arinna respected that at least Boje wore her dislike openly, at least more so than the others.
“Actually, it was very fortunate. Captain Vries was pinned down and thought himself overwhelmed. It took two sets of reinforcements and quite a few lives to manage a rescue and break the FLF line,” Arinna said. Silence blanketed the table.
“You’re saying it was a near loss,” le Marc said.
“Yes.”
“This is a level of planning we haven’t seen from the FLF in a long time,” Eldridge added.
“I know.” 
Chairs shifted. 
“To capture what?” Casilla asked. “A plan this involved must have been for something significant.”
“We are questioning the soldiers taken captive, but so far they haven’t been forthcoming. It could be soldiers, the Guard, resources,” Arinna replied with a shrug, not wanting to let on how much not knowing the answer bothered her. 
“You?” Eldridge proposed.
“That would be very ironic considering the other matter that brings me here,” she replied. “Would you like to share the details, Miralda?”
Gerschtein hesitated before sitting up to the table and clasping her hands in front of her. “It seems a document outlining how we fund the Guard’s continued involvement against the FLF was accidentally left somewhere visible. A staffer saw it.”
Glances shifted around the table.
“Indeed. I’m very happy to know it was an accident. Do you know how far that information went ... and the rumor that was associated with it?” Arinna asked.
“I can guess,” Eldridge said, pinching the bridge of his nose as he squeezed his eyes closed. The gesture spawned uneasy déjà vu. She’d seen the same one made by his son. “What was said to reassure whoever supplied you or the Guard with this information?”
“That I had been working with Secretary Gerschtein to recreate the cost of the war. The codes related to battles and when equipment was lost, not programs where funding was being funneled from.” 
“It’s a logical answer,” le Marc said. “We’ll make certain it is supported.”
“That is reassuring,” Arinna said dryly. “I had begun to believe that you were under the impression you didn’t need me anymore. Rumors of diverting money to buy more weapons for a ‘bored’ military are not exactly a distraction I have time for, considering the FLF is getting more active.” 
“Yes, I’d hate for citizens to think you wanted to stage another coup,” Boje replied. “Though it would be beneficial if you remembered you did need us as well.”
“I don’t,” Arinna replied.
Ardizzone coughed. “We fund the Guard!”
“For a war that you keep secret. It would be easy enough to get legitimate funding if parliament knew the war was simply over the horizon and not ended.” 
The silence this time was stony. “You are blackmailing us,” Casilla hissed.
“If you wish to see it that way. The only thing I have to lose is Europe. I protect you as well as the continent. Stop playing games with me and keep them among yourselves.”
Arinna left them to their plotting, knowing she should set up a meeting with Eldridge to better determine if he were using his son for information. His reaction to Gerschtein’s incompetence or manipulation hadn’t given her an indication either way. Derrick knew Byran had come to Kesmere to tell her. She was sure of it. That his father would immediately ask what her response had been was almost too artful. But Eldridge was clever. 
Which was why his comment that the FLF had hoped to trap her had Arinna heading briskly back to Command.





Chapter 10

TATIANA GREKOV
RUMORS

“Thank you so much for inviting me, Corianne. My older sister married nearly a year ago, and the house is empty without her or my brother,” Eloise Waldrope said.
Corianne glowed. “We must spend as much time together as possible before you go south again. When will that be?”
“A month or more. Daddy likes the lakes. He says they are one of the few places that haven’t changed much since the war.”
“Where does your sister live now, Ms. Waldrope?” Tatiana asked, trying her best to mimic Corianne’s manner as she sipped tea and nibbled cake like a duchess. 
“I told you to call me Eloise, silly! It is so lovely being with women my age.” Eloise grinned in a manner Tatiana was certain Corianne would declare as ungentile later. “She married a nice beau with a farm in Suffolk.”
Tatiana coughed on her cake. Corianne glared at her, which nearly started a fit of laughter. 
“A landed gentleman then,” Corianne said, dreamily. 
“No. Well, he’s a ‘sir’ from service in the war, of course. Eva said she didn’t care about any of that and father liked him. It is a very prosperous farm, I guess. They sell produce all the way to the continent!”
“Excuse me a moment,” Tatiana rasped, rising to her feet. She stumbled from the room and down the hall, pressing her hand to her mouth the entire way to muffle her laughter. Nearly to the rear door, she stood with her back against the wall and trembled in silent mirth.
“Maybe I would like to be invited to tea if it is that amusing,” Pyotr said as he paused in front of Tatiana. 
Tatiana shook her head, wiping away tears. “You’d like Eloise too. She just insulted every dream Corianne ever had and didn’t even realize it.”
“Is she cute?”
Tatiana choked on another giggle. “In a very proper way, I suppose. But her brother-in-law was a soldier, and Eloise sounded a little smitten with that. She might be difficult to impress, especially when you look like a stable boy.”
“Haha. It isn’t my fault the war was over before I was old enough to join the Grey Guard.”
Tatiana stared at her brother. “You would have fought?” she asked, the merriment gone.
“Of course! You think I wouldn’t?” Pyotr asked her. “The FLF took away our home, Tatiana. I would have fought, and maybe found a chance to see what happened back in Russia, see if there is anyone left out there.” He glanced at her face before heading toward the kitchen. Only then did Tatiana see the basket of vegetables in his hand. “You know, the Guard doesn’t discriminate. If the war were still going, you could have enlisted too. Still could in the Defensive Guard if Aunt Linda didn’t need us.”
Tatiana’s throat hurt for reasons other than mis-swallowed cake. But she wasn’t sure if it were from fear of losing her brother or because Pyotr had just upended all the ideas of Corianne’s that she’d believed. Such a simple answer to find what had become of her family. But the war was over, the Defensive Guard never left Europe, and the wasteland beyond Europe’s borders felt as far away as the stars and she was just as prepared to face what was there as she was of reaching the heavens. Tatiana sighed and went to get the glass of water she’d planned to use as an excuse for her uncivilized exit.
When she returned to the room, Eloise was describing life on the continent to a rapt Corianne. Tatiana smiled thinly as she listened with only half her attention. The stories of senators working to rebuild society sounded falsely heroic after her brother’s comment on fighting with the Guard. 
“Why aren’t there any soldiers in parliament?” Tatiana asked without realizing she’d spoken. She blushed at the glare Corianne cast her for interrupting a detailed description of the balls that occurred over the winter. “You said your brother-in-law had been a soldier and was prosperous. Doesn’t he ... or your sister, have an interest in politics?” Tatiana floundered.
“Well, yes,” Eloise said, hesitating. “But until there is a vote again, they can’t be selected, can they? All the seats are hereditary, and the soldiers were fighting during the war, so, of course, they aren’t a part of parliament now.”
“The Earl of Kesmere was a soldier. He stopped fighting when he was selected for a vacant seat,” Corianne chimed in, smug again to have regained control of the conversation. “You must come with me the next time he asks me for dinner.” 
“You said the Lady Grey had been there the last time you were there? That is an interesting alliance after all their years of avoiding each other,” Eloise said, tone dropping as she leaned toward Corianne and Tatiana. 
“Oh, I don’t think it is anything like that,” Corianne said quickly. “They own neighboring estates.” 
“True. I know you like the earl, Corianne. But you should be careful. You wouldn’t believe the rumor I overheard father discussing. They say the Lady Grey is moving to take over parliament in a coup! You know she is from the old USA and was part of the military takeover of that government?”
Corianne gasped in exaggerated shock. “Oh, but I’m sure Derrick, I mean the Earl of Kesmere, has nothing to do with that,” Corianne said with a modest blush. 
Tatiana felt like they were children discussing grown up matters that they didn’t understand. Couldn’t ever understand really, not as removed as they were from everything. Her eyes stung with frustration and no one to direct it against.
“If she were there to see anyone, it was Baron Vasquez not the earl,” Tatiana said. Corianne and Eloise stared at her.
“Really?” Eloise asked. She leaned in closer; teacup balanced on her knee.
“You remember, don’t you Corianne? All through dinner they kept glancing at each other. I don’t think the baron took his eyes from her most of the night.”
“He looked at me once or twice in a most unwelcome way,” Corianne said, sitting up. She paused. “But you are correct. They did seem to know each other. How did the earl introduce them? As if they’d known each other quite awhile?”
“I think it was, ‘the Baron Vasquez, whom you know,’“ Tatiana replied.
“Oh my,” Eloise said, sitting back in her chair. A bright blush stained her cheeks. “You know his reputation. Well, that is a ... friendship I don’t even think my father knows!”
“I wonder if the baron’s wife knows?” Corianne asked with a giggle.
“That isn’t polite,” Tatiana snapped. “I didn’t mean that.”
“Baron Vasquez is very active in parliament. Maybe they know each other for other reasons?” Eloise said, her pale face and wide eyes indicating ideas too frightening to speak of. 
Tatiana wished she hadn’t said anything. “She seemed nice, the Lady Grey.”
“Of course,” Corianne soothed. Eloise smirked. Tatiana began to think that being invited to her cousin’s social attempts was worse than being asked to deliver messages. 
“Ms. Waldrope, I was asked to let you know the carriage is ready to take you home,” Pyotr said. 
Tatiana had to glance at him twice to believe the young man standing at the door was her brother. His sandy blond hair was smoothed into place, standing out against hazel green eyes. She didn’t know where he’d found the gentleman’s clothes he had on. Even his hands, which had been covered in garden soil but fifteen minutes earlier, were pink they were so clean. Pyotr caught her stare and winked. 
“I could walk you down if you like. Do you have anything that needs to be carried?” Pyotr asked, offering his hand. 
“Why, thank you,” Eloise purred. “Corianne, I didn’t know you had a brother.”
“He is my cousin, Pyotr Grekov. Tatiana’s brother,” Corianne huffed, not properly finishing the introduction. 
“Really?” Eloise turned large eyes on Tatiana before giving her attention to Pyotr. Eloise laughed lightly as she conversed with Pyotr as he escorted her from the sitting room, down the stairs, and into the front hall. Corianne trudged down the steps next to Tatiana. Which at least gave Tatiana a reason to smile again. 
Eloise didn’t return her attention to Corianne until Pyotr had helped her into her father’s carriage and closed the door. “Thank you so much for the invitation, Corianne. I will see you at the ball, and we will have to get together soon too!” Eloise’s gaze slipped to Pyotr as she mentioned the ball. It was too much. Tatiana hiccupped. 
Corianne waited until the carriage was beyond the bend of the drive before rounding on Pyotr. “How dare you interrupt! You are not to be visible to my guests. You are a servant in this house and nothing more. I shall speak to my mother about this.”
“I am your cousin, not a slave, and Aunt Linda asked me to inform your guest that her carriage had arrived.”
Pyotr’s calm answer inflamed Corianne further. Fist clenched, she stormed past him into the house. “Take off those clothes. They aren’t yours!” Corianne hissed before slamming the door.
“Where did you get the clothes?” Tatiana asked after listening to Corianne pound up the staircase.
“They were Uncle Robert’s. Aunt Linda gave them to me about a month ago. She thought they’d fit and that I should have something suitable for town ... and other things.”
“Like impressing young ladies? Poor Corianne. She probably had a shock seeing you in them.”
“Poor Corianne? I don’t know how you can always defend her.” Pyotr snorted, turning toward the stable. 
“Where are you going?” Tatiana asked, trotting to join him after a quick glance at the now very quiet house.
“I told you; they are town clothes. I’m going to town.”
“But ... what? Why?” Tatiana asked. “You’ve not gone to town on your own before.”
“Yes, I have. You’ve just been too busy with ‘her highness’ to notice.”
“Pyotr, I’m sorry. I don’t mean to ignore you or have fewer chores or sit around while you work. Please don’t be mad at me.”
He stopped, turning to face her. “I’m not mad at you. Why would you think that?” To Tatiana’s surprise, he hugged her. “I love you, Tatiana. Seriously for being older you can be such a little girl.” He gave her a gentle push. 
Tatiana dried her eyes before chasing after him again, feeling very much like a younger sister than an older one. “So what are you going to do in town in fancy clothes?”
Pyotr eyed her as he took down a bridle, sweeping his gaze along the length of her afternoon dress. “Come along and I’ll show you. You can ride behind me.”
“But ... Corianne, she is—”
“Probably sulking and will be having a fit the rest of the night. Aunt Linda isn’t feeling well and went to lie down. The servants will give Corianne some dinner if she isn’t too distraught to eat. You really want to stay cooped up in the house all evening with her?”
“No,” Tatiana said and grinned. 
Pyotr was right. It felt like years had passed since the last time they had talked. For the first time in ages, Tatiana spoke Russian again. Memories of her home country flooded back on the cool spring air where the scent of wood smoke, fields, and forest was not so different to what she had known. They had been a family from the countryside even then. 
Tatiana wasn’t familiar with the section of Stainton where Pyotr directed Aunt Linda’s horse. Not that it didn’t look safe enough. There just weren’t any dress shops or bakers to be seen, anything that would have held Corianne’s interest. Instead, they passed a blacksmith, a tanner, and a dry goods store. Tatiana caught her breath at the sight of a book and paper store. Pyotr laughed. 
“Guess we are stopping here,” he teased. “I wouldn’t think you had time to read with all the errands you run for Corianne.”
“Idiot,” Tatiana said, swiping the back of his head as she slid down from the horse. It was a small store, holding mostly books from before the war though a few new ones smelling of ink garnished a front table. As she fingered a newspaper, she realized he was right and not just about the reading. Corianne kept her busy and her head full of dreams. She’d wondered earlier what really happened in parliament. Information existed if she bothered to learn. 
Pyotr glanced at the paper in her hand with surprise when she came outside. “I thought you were going to get a book.”
“Why? So I can fill my head with more fancies? If you buy me dinner, I may let you have it when I’m done.” 
“Depends on how fancy of a meal you’re expecting.”
Tatiana laughed as he led the way down the street to a tavern. It wasn’t elaborate, but the food was good, and Pyotr shared a beer with her. 
“Will you go to the ball?” Tatiana asked as the sound of more people than she had been in the presence of for quite some time wrapped around them and their little table. “You have the clothes for it. They look good on you.”
“Do you want me to?” Pyotr asked, glancing self-consciously at his jacket. 
“Yes and not just because it will cause Corianne fits. It really is lovely to spend time with you. And I think Eloise would be happy to see you. Can you dance?” Tatiana asked.
“I ... no, not really. I wasn’t invited. It would be—”
“I can show you,” Tatiana said, sitting forward and taking her brother’s hand. “Please? I’ll give you lessons in the stable where Corianne won’t notice. And an escort is always allowed for the young women. Come on, you don’t want to stay single forever.”
Pyotr blushed. “I’m hardly looking to get married! Fine. But if I can’t learn to dance, I’m not going.”
“We should start tonight then.”





Chapter 11

THE EARL OF KESMERE
INTERLUDE

As his carriage stopped in Rhiol’s courtyard, Derrick wondered how far he would take this for his friendship with Byran. Despite his father’s request, he’d refused to associate with the Lady Grey. For Byran, he’d asked her to a ball. 
“You owe me for this,” Derrick huffed as he opened the carriage door.
“It won’t be so bad,” Byran soothed. “For goodness sakes, you can talk about the war if you get bored since you both served. Not that I hope you need to spend that much time together.”
Derrick paused on the drive. “Don’t mention my time in the Guard to her,” he said. Byran opened his mouth. “I’m serious.” 
He turned before Byran could comment and strode toward the door. It opened before he reached the first step. His first glance of Arinna was enough to make him momentarily forget to be worried or cross. The blue of her elegant gown set off her eyes, even in the grey light of dusk. Her gaze ran over him as well, a frank assessment that ended with a spark to her smile. He fought the urge to blush. 
“I feel like we are meeting for a blind date,” he said, manners forgotten. 
“Hah. I imagine if we are having difficulty believing this, everyone at the ball will keel over,” Arinna answered. 
Derrick grinned. “This is going to be fun,” he said, offering his hand to escort her the short distance to the carriage. 
Arinna lost her attempt to fight a smile. “You are ... surprising.”
“Blind dates usually are.” 
She laughed as she stepped up into the carriage and sat across from Byran. “I see you are having fun already,” Byran said, leaning across to kiss her cheek. 
“I think your friend has plans,” Arinna said, eyeing Derrick. 
“Just a bit of an entrance,” Derrick assured Byran. “I won’t steal her for long.” 
“It’s okay. I will enjoy stealing her back.”
“Should I ask what you have in mind for an entrance?” Arinna asked.
“It wouldn’t be a surprise then,” Derrick baited. 
Arinna’s face filled with disbelief as she laughed. “Fair enough.” 
Byran claimed her attention again with a question on some mishap from parliament over the winter session. Derrick listened without joining in, his amusement fading with the momentary regret he’d asked Byran to keep his service a secret. As much as he’d enjoy that connection to the military, he didn’t want to ponder what could have been. His gaze fell on the darkening day beyond the carriage window. 
“Don’t you dare brood tonight,” Byran said, smacking his knee. “You are supposed to be at least a civil date.”
“I don’t brood,” Derrick replied.
“He broods. A lot. He won’t tell me why. Not yet. You will at some point, though. You always have before. I can wait you out,” Byran said. Derrick snorted to hide a desire to laugh.
“So he didn’t brood before?” Arinna asked. 
“Oh, he has been brooding since at least the first time you set eyes on him. But he didn’t when we were younger. He never brooded at all then.”
“How long have you known each other?” Arinna asked, settling back in her seat. 
“Since we were teenagers. I was what, fifteen and you sixteen?” Byran asked as if he couldn’t remember, which Derrick doubted. Byran really didn’t want him to brood, even though asking Arinna to the ball was a cover for Byran to spend time with her. But the ride would be at least another half hour, and teenage escapades were a far better topic than the war. 
“Something like that, yes. Spain was holding the leadership of the EU, and my father was sent as a representative from the UK,” Derrick told Arinna. “There was a welcoming event for families.”
“My padre put us together immediately, hoping he would be a good influence.” Byran chuckled, and Derrick grinned.
“Ah, I’m guessing that didn’t work out as expected?” Arinna asked.
Derrick laughed. “Well, he stopped getting caught, which seemed to at least make his parents happy.” Derrick leaned back into the cushions, remembering that different world now gone. “Woman already loved him,” he said glancing over at Arinna, not sure if he meant it as a warning or commiseration. 
“No doubt.”
“But, he didn’t care then. He went everywhere on a black Moto Guzi bike rebelling at everything.” 
“And you?” she asked Derrick.
“Young, studious, too clever to be caught doing the things we shouldn’t have been doing. We crossed Europe and back again over the years,” Byran answered for Derrick.
Arinna released a quiet sigh, glancing out the window at the distant town with its lantern lights and a few bluer electric ones. “That world does not even seem real now, does it? No more motorbikes and kids in trouble. Or maybe that is because I can’t imagine it. I’ve seen fighting since I was six.” 
“I think you are more depressing than him,” Byran said. 
“You will take that as a challenge to cheer us both up,” Arinna said. “Balls are not my favorite pastime.”
“You used to enjoy them,” Byran replied, gaze lingering on her. Arinna blushed.
“Yes, well that was many years ago,” she replied.
“I think you will still find them enjoyable,” Byran countered.
Derrick looked away to offer them privacy. As much as he supported Byran, the relationship with Arinna made him uneasy. And it was obvious, leaving Derrick to question why he hadn’t just sent Byran and Arinna to the ball together after all. Or at least made Byran invite a widower along so that he’d have a companion. 
Ahead, the darkness was broken by myriads of lights. Von Slav’s estate sprawled across a gentle rise and sent tentacles of illumination into the rambling gardens. Derrick straightened, his movement catching Byran and Arinna’s attention. There was no way of getting out of the evening now. 
“You still aren’t going to tell me what you have in mind,” Arinna asked as the carriage queued for its turn before the sweeping staircase rising to the manor’s wide entrance.
“Are you telling me you won’t enjoy the utter shock this is going to cause?” Derrick asked. “I only wish my father were here.” 
Next to him, Arinna stiffened. “Why is that?” she asked, the amusement removed from her voice. 
The reaction surprised him. He’d have thought that with his father being part of MOTHER and directing the government, her association would have been far more familiar rather than a twin to his. Possibilities raced through his mind. Not all of them were as dark as he once would have imagined.
“Because he would probably say or do something incredibly uncivil if he were to see us together,” Derrick answered. Byran snorted.
“Indeed?” Arinna’s smile held the look of a cat staring down prey. “Then I’m disappointed he isn’t here either.” 
That hinted at a history he’d have to learn more about. The door swung open, and Derrick hopped out, offering his hand to Arinna. She swept down the step lithely in a swirl of shimmering silk. Danielle for all her upbringing would have clung to his arm. Arinna was a step ahead. Derrick moved to her side, fighting down a feeling that he was the one who didn’t belong as if it were a battle and not a dance that lay ahead of them. Arinna glanced up at him with a devilish humor lighting her blue eyes like flame. 
“This is going to be fun,” she said, edging onto her tiptoes to see ahead.
“Good luck keeping up with her,” Byran whispered into his ear. 
“Too bad we didn’t know her when we were teenagers in Europe. I think she might have gotten us into more trouble than you managed,” Derrick said to his friend, surprised to mean it. Byran grinned, an old smile that used to break hearts as much as indicate gleeful trouble. “She certainly isn’t Danielle,” Derrick added quietly. 
“Hah, I wouldn’t know. I barely know your fiancée,” Byran replied. There was an accusing tone to Byran’s voice. Before Derrick could answer, Arinna had turned back to them.
“We are stylishly late, I believe. It looks like most have arrived and are in the hall. I think this is your last chance to escape without much notice if you’ve changed your mind,” Arinna said to him. Her look challenged him to step across the threshold with her.
“I don’t back out on promises,” Derrick replied, offering his arm. Behind him, he heard Byran take a sharp breath. 
Too late for answers or doubts from Byran or otherwise, Derrick walked through the entrance with Arinna. They flowed through the house, ignoring the quick glances and offerings of diversions in the side rooms of the mansion. Instead, they went to the heart of the ball, emerging at the back of the manor above the outdoor ballroom edged on three sides by the Duchess’ elaborate gardens. 
“I swear the duchess is clairvoyant. She’s never had even one of her balls canceled by rain,” Arinna said as they paused on the top step.
“Don’t disappoint me. I want to imagine she has no idea we are here together.”
Arinna flashed him a grin before settling on a pleasant expression. “Well, we are about to find out. If you feel this tarnishes your reputation too much, my lord earl, we can always stage an argument halfway through the night.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” he answered, raising her hand to his lips. 
“May I present the Lady Grey and her escort, the Earl of Kesmere.”
Derrick would have sworn there was a collective gasp as heads turned to see him kissing her fingers, their gazes locked on each other before turning to walk down into the assembled guests. A few dancers swirled to a tripping stop. They greeted the duchess and the entourage that surrounded her, receiving stilted greetings and wide-eyed stares. It was enough to induce Derrick to lead Arinna to the ballroom floor as the dance changed. The fact that she was an excellent dancer added to the pleasure.
“That was fun. We should have done this ages ago,” Arinna commented.
“You are now my neighbor, so it makes more sense. Besides, the years of ... disagreement made the fun tonight possible. Who would have thought we’d become friends?”
“Very true. And so are we friends as well as neighbors, or is that part of the illusion we are portraying?”
Her question was enough he nearly missed a step. “We seem to be becoming friends. Byran shan’t have it otherwise.” Arinna laughed at his answer, but he wasn’t certain it was for show or genuine. 
Byran was waiting, and not for Derrick when the dance ended. He swooped Arinna into the next dance with far less formality. Their movements spoke of familiarity. Derrick looked away to find Corianne whispering to a friend, both of them watching Arinna and Byran. His reaction to protect Byran won over a desire to fade into the crowd. 
“You look very lovely tonight, Dame Heylor,” Derrick said as he approached, mind racing through the possible names of the young woman speaking to Corianne. “And you as well, Ms. Waldrope.” Eloise blushed. “If you would forgive me for stealing your companion for a dance?” Derrick asked, offering Corianne his hand. 
“I will entertain her if she will allow?” a young man said as he joined them.
“Pyotr ... Mr. Grekov, you came. Your sister as well?” Eloise asked; eyes not leaving the young man’s face to look for the absent sister. 
The sweetness of their young affection suffused the dance with Corianne, coloring it to something pleasant. He ended up introducing Corianne to other friends, the young woman wearing a blush the entire time. Encouraging her was a mistake, but it distracted Corianne and half the room. He doubted people knew which rumor to discuss: him and the Lady Grey, Arinna and Byran, or him and Corianne. It was amusing as much as he hated to admit it.
“Good evening, Corianne,” Arinna said as she slipped her arm under his. “You wouldn’t mind if I claimed my date again? I thought I had lost him for a time.” Arinna smiled sweetly at Corianne, who couldn’t form an acknowledgement other than a curtsey. 
“Some air?” Derrick offered, leading the way with her nod. “What did you do with Byran? Trap him in a closet?”
“No, worse. I paired him up with Tatiana Grekov. She seems to have a good head on her shoulders, so I think she should be able to keep him at bay,” Arinna answered, her voice rippled with laughter. 
Derrick glanced into the crowd, catching two dark heads circling on the ballroom floor. “I doubt she’ll claim his attention for long. Tatiana isn’t why he came.”
Under the blush of exertion from the dance, Arinna’s face tightened and paled. “I can’t afford this scrutiny. It was kind of you to invite me to diffuse rumors though I’m afraid you may have to spend some time in my company this evening as well.” She slipped away to lean against a stone rail now that they were in a quiet corner of the gardens. 
“That is no trouble. We’ve spent time riding together the last week. Your company is hardly unpleasant,” he assured her. 
She glanced at him before returning her attention to the brightly lit ball as if calling a lie to every word he’d spoken. But not all were false or simply civil. The worst he’d said was of the riding. He’d been present, but distant, and knew it. He’d been there to give Byran an excuse to see her. Derrick had hardly said a word, and half the time rode out of earshot. Now it was his turn to blush. 
“You are old friends,” Derrick said more kindly though he tripped on the word ‘friends.’ Byran’s tale of how he’d met Arinna and the times he’d spent escorting her to embassy events, as well as private weekend meetings, hadn’t gone into detail, but Derrick knew his friend. He didn’t need to imagine what was left out of the story. “It is difficult to mask that.”
A flash of red warmed her cheeks, darkening them beyond the flush caused by the dancing. “We don’t have that sort of history,” she said. Derrick didn’t have a reaction to that. Arinna half smiled when she saw him frozen. “Not that I blame you for thinking it. Knowing Byran, I wouldn’t believe it either.”
Warmth of embarrassment and gratitude for her easy acknowledgment of the misunderstanding released his shock. “I apologize. I had no idea. Byran’s told me little other than you were friends before the war when you both worked for embassies. He made it sound that you spent a lot of time together.”
“We did. We pretended to be having an affair. Though I think I pretended it more than he,” she said with a laugh. “We used it as a cover so I could go places and get information on the FLF and what was happening in the States without being suspected. Well, suspected for what I was actually doing. I shouldn’t be surprised he didn’t tell you. He is very worried about you.” Derrick once again had no answer. They watched the dancers in silence for a moment. Byran was visible now, skirting the edge of the crowd. “Before our relationship was a cover. Now he is a married Senator. It could ruin both of us.”
“But he does love you,” Derrick answered. 
“I know,” she said, meeting his gaze. “But do we always get the things we love?”
“That was cruel,” Byran said, joining them. “You know Tatiana asked me to dance with Corianne? That was thrilling. The girl kept two feet from me the entire time, I swear. You owe me,” he said to Arinna.
“This isn’t Madrid, Byran,” she answered. 
He sobered his teasing, but the glint was back in his eye within a moment. “I know. This is nothing like Madrid. Damn rumors, is that what you are worried about? To hell with them. I’ll dance with both of you if that is what it takes to confuse people. Imagine what people will think of our friendship then,” Byran said to Derrick. 
Derrick stepped back a pace. He knew that look in Byran’s eye. “Oh no, you wouldn’t—”
“I’m starting to hope he will,” Arinna said, barely suppressing laughter. 
“If you will allow me to steal your date?” Byran said to Arinna, grabbing Derrick’s hand. She hid her amusement as she waved her assent.





Chapter 12

SECRETARY DAVID ELDRIDGE
MOTHER

“I don’t believe her,” Sabana said.
“Do you think she is making up a war?” David asked.
“I think that has been our role,” Renault said, breath wheezing. David watched his old rival for a moment, finding no comfort in the signs of age and ill health. “Hiding it at least,” Renault finished. 
“You’ve supported our position in the past,” Miralda pointed out. “Are you saying you’ve changed your mind, Count le Marc?”
“I’m saying we’ve hidden a war, not Ms. Prescot,” Renault countered.
Arinna’s report two days before had not sat well with the ministers who comprised MOTHER. If anything, the two days had allowed the news to fester, and now the ramifications of an FLF attack in the wasteland had pulled them to meet though the discussion was not going well.
“But le Marc has a point,” Ilse said. “As much as I hate to admit it. We’ve isolated ourselves. When is the last time you had contact with another government, Piero? Four years or more? We don’t know what is happening beyond our borders, even in the wasteland, which we thought uninhabitable. The only presence we have outside of Europe is the Guard, and we have very little contact with its commander.”
“I never thought I’d hear you support Ms. Prescot,” David said to Ilse. 
“No, that is usually your role, David. But this recent activity has me worried. We are blind to the world at large and have strained ties to our armed forces. Your little exploit to have Arinna framed for a coup didn’t help in that regard, Miralda. I thought we had agreed not to act without the consensus of the group?” Ilse replied.
Miralda sat stiffly. “It was an accident.”
“You don’t allow that sort of inattention, Miralda. You are more careful than that,” Renault said.
Miralda frowned. “Fine. I disagree with Ms. Boje. The Lady Grey has grown too powerful. How do we know what she is saying is true as Sabana suggested? Maybe she wants us to think there is a threat so that she can build the Guard. She has enough power she could unseat any of us. You heard her!”
“Build the Guard with what?” David said. “She hasn’t had new soldiers since we declared the war over and split the force into the Defensive Guard in Europe and the active force. Something we suggested, and she went along with if you remember?” 
“I’d forgotten about that. What are the troop levels?” Ilse asked, worrying her lip. “How bad will it be if the fighting increases?”
“I don’t know the numbers. Arinna hasn’t asked for more troops,” David admitted.
“Could she get more troops unless we admitted the war is continuing?” le Marc asked.
The room fell silent. “Shit. We need to develop a contingency plan. If an attack happens in Europe or we need reinforcements, we will need a solid story on what is happening,” Ilse said.
“One that doesn’t implicate us,” Gilles pointed out.
“You’ve been silent on this,” David said to Gilles. “Where do you stand, and you too, Piero?”
Gilles frowned. “I don’t think the Lady Grey has lied about the recent attack. My son’s girlfriend in the Guard said it happened, and it was bad though she wasn’t aware of the level of planning that went into it that Arinna shared. I don’t like it, but we need to monitor what is happening. Hopefully, it will die down.”
Piero tapped a pencil against the tabletop. “I helped Miralda with leaking the documents. The Guard is not in our control and is a threat,” he finally admitted.
“The last time the Guard was in our control, we were losing a war,” Renault snapped, anger granting him a momentary return to the suave and powerful man that David remembered. 
“And your actions have only further alienated the Guard just when we may need their help,” David concurred. 
“Captain Vries is more than capable of commanding the Guard ... as he is supposed to!” Piero yelled. 
“Do you have him in your pocket then?” Ilse asked. “No? I didn’t think so. Good luck getting him to turn on the Lady Grey. He follows her when he doesn’t have to. I doubt you’ll find a way to drive a wedge between them.”
Piero’s face was red, but he held his tongue. Which left David to guide the conversation onward. 
“Then let’s have it out. Do we support the Lady Grey and repair the damage caused by Miralda and Piero’s actions or ... take other measures. God knows what they might be. Renault?”
“Support her.”
“Ilse?”
“I support her,” she said.
“Sabana?”
“She should be replaced,” Sabana replied.
“Gilles?”
“I support her. We wouldn’t be here without the Guard or her.”
“Piero?”
“Replace her,” he said.
“Miralda?”
“Though you seem to think you are our self-appointed leader, I will answer your question. She needs to be replaced or brought to heel. I am acceptable to either.”
“Thank you for that. My vote is the tiebreaker. I say we support her. She stays. The Guard receives whatever they need though we will ask they bring us news of what is beyond our borders other than battles and the FLF. At least, I hope there is more out there than that.” 
Ilse looked smug that her suggestion was given weight. Miralda sat back in her chair, arms crossed. “That worked out well for you,” Miralda said to David. “No,” she continued as David opened his mouth to reply. “I am serious. It is more than time we appointed a new prime minister. Especially if, as you contend, problems beyond our border are picking up again.”
“Do you have a way of ‘appointing’ a prime minister without parliament getting wind that we are more than advisors, Ms. Gerschtein? They may be surprised to have someone, say you, walk into their midst and start telling them what needs to be done.” 
Miralda slammed her hand against the table. “Oh no, you’d rather hold an election. Between you and le Marc how many senators have you bribed or selected who will vote for you, such as your son?”
“Actually, I think my son would be the last senator who will vote for me,” David replied. “But unless we take it to a vote from parliament, I don’t see how appointing or electing a new prime minister can be managed.”
Peiro had theories. Everyone had opinions. The meeting dissolved into arguments, shouting, and insults. An hour later, David rubbed his temples as he walked through the quiet hallways, thankful that parliament was on recess. The chaos of the meeting would have been difficult to disguise. 
David went home, realizing he was waiting for company about the time he remembered le Marc’s apparent sickness. Perhaps he should pay Renault a visit for once. But no, the doorbell rang just as David was about to call for a horse. Some habits were difficult to break, despite ill health and questionable alliances.
“Tea,” David said to the girl who told him le Marc had arrived. “You didn’t have to come,” he remarked as Renault shuffled in. Renault waved the comment away.
“I needed to get out of the house,” Renault said as he settled in a chair. “Quite the meeting today. I think Miralda will be our undoing. Piero isn’t smart enough to jump unless she tells him to,” Renault added.
“Danielle with you?” David asked as he sat across from Renault.
“No. Surprised me too. I know she likes you ... or at least tries to play you against me,” Renault said with a smile. “But she wasn’t interested. I think there is a boy she is seeing ... it won’t last. No need to tell your son.”
“Hah. I’d be lucky to tell Derrick ‘good day’ before he hung up on me,” David said as the tea was brought in. “I certainly won’t bring up that his fiancée is seeing another boy, serious or not. Danielle is a good girl. I know she will do what is expected, and she seems to believe a connection with Derrick is the best future available to her.”
“You should stop fighting with him,” Renault said after the maid left. 
“I’m not fighting with my son.”
Renault offered a sad smile. “Yes, you are. You are both fighting. You just fight by not talking to each other. You don’t know how long you have together. Did you ever tell Derrick how much you worried when he was a soldier in the war?”
“No,” David admitted. “No, we don’t talk about things like that.”
“You should.” Renault stared into his teacup. 
“You’re ill,” David said after a moment.
“Hah. Did you notice that? Yes. Dying most likely. If it were a decade ago ... before the war and before how scrambled everything has become, maybe I wouldn’t be. Money is not enough to pay for technology and training lost.”
“There are drugs—”
“Depleted stocks or outdated. Chemotherapy isn’t enough to halt the tumors growing in me. We found them too late. I have months. Maybe a year. And then there will be one less member of MOTHER, and you will have one less to stand against Miralda and Piero. Mon Dieu, did you ever think she would be your biggest rival? It is almost embarrassing.” 
David didn’t know what to say. So for a moment, he said nothing. Renault didn’t appear to notice but sat staring into the dark. “Is there anything I can do for you?” he finally asked. 
“Talk to Danielle if you would. She has always been more willing to listen to you. She doesn’t know how serious my illness is, and, despite everything, I’d prefer she didn’t. If she cannot forgive me without the pressing matter of my impending death, then so be it. It feels false otherwise.”
“Then what would you have me discuss with her?” David asked when Renault’s pause stretched on.
“Marriage. I would see her married while I’m still alive. Silly, I know. Illness has made an old fool of me. I cry for my lost boys. I cry because I’d love to have had a grandson again to hold before I pass. Can you imagine the child our children would produce? But there are practical reasons here too. She listens to you, yes, but that is because she thinks we are rivals. When I am gone, you will have less control. And you need her because Derrick listens to her. If you cannot repair your relationship with your son, then you will need Danielle. You will need both of their support to be prime minister and the network of friends and allies they have built. So we need them to marry before I die.”
“They could still divorce after,” David argued.
“So they need to marry as soon as possible to grow accustomed to the bargain they’ve made. Our families, united. We have enough power and influence to rule Europe between the two of us. But there will only be one soon. Miralda is right, God help me. We need a leader. Our fighting between ourselves has gotten worse. It needs to go to a vote, and when it does, I will support you. We just need to move quickly.” 
David stared at his longtime rival who sat across from him like an old friend. “I would have thought you exaggerating your illness, but for this request. You are serious.” 
“Yes, though do not look so shocked. I respect you, which is more than I can say for Miralda and her clumsy attempts at control. That and I would see Danielle tied to your son for selfish reasons too. The girl has never been what her brothers were. I fear for my family legacy left in her hands. But she is the only one left to claim it. Your son though ... except for his caving in to agree to marry Danielle, you raised a boy I can respect. He would have been a rival as worthy as you have been. Even you thought you’d had him backed into a corner, only to have him slip north to his estate. You are too alike. No wonder you don’t get along. He’ll make a good prime minister after you. I’ll just have to be content that I spawned the prime minister’s devious little wife.”
“I’ll speak to her soon,” David said, hating to admit that Renault had his mind spinning. “How long do we have to put this all together?”
“Within six months. I’d like to see them married this fall if we can’t get them to agree to it sooner. They’ve been engaged for four years now. The parliamentary vote to select a prime minister should happen as soon as parliament reconvenes in Prague, within the first few weeks at least.” 
“This boyfriend of your daughter’s ... you’re certain it won’t be a problem?” David asked. 
“If she seems to hesitate over ending it, let me know. The problem will be dealt with,” Renault replied, a desperate gleam lighting his aged eyes. 





Chapter 13

CAPTAIN JARED VRIES
BUILDING CONFRONTATIONS

“I know we agreed to see what was going on in the world,” Arinna said over Jared’s comm line. “But I’m really, really hoping that the GPS is reading an error. South America?”
“You didn’t put any limits on the mission,” Jared pointed out. “And this beauty doesn’t need fuel.”
The dactyl, named for its odd shape, flew on batteries made of spent nuclear waste: strange fuel that powered all sorts of gizmos, including lasers instead of missiles. The Guard had stumbled on the FLF removing the planes from a secret US base in Sophia. That had been just after the loss of most of the Guard, along with most of their planes, in Kiev. Stealing the dactyls had been Arinna’s idea, the first crazy one of many that had led to her becoming his commander despite her lack of European military status. She’d been an army tactician in the US before it fell, and she knew how to win. That was good enough for him. 
“Yes, well you need sleep ... which means, I hope, setting down someplace safe. Any plans for that, Captain?” Arinna asked.
“I brought along Kieren and five other soldiers. We’ll scout out a place to set down.” Jared smiled as Arinna sighed. 
“You brought the Lieutenant of the Defensive Guard. Not a seasoned field lieutenant, but the one in charge of protecting Europe?” Arinna asked. He could hear the consternation as well as hope for a very good answer in her voice.
“Lieutenant O’Dell is seasoned,” Jared pointed out. “She fought well enough in the war to get promoted to lieutenant. Besides, she hasn’t been out of Europe since the war ended, and she was placed in command of the home troops. With the way things are going, I thought it would be good to get her back in the swing of things. This is just a recon mission.”
“Fine,” Arinna said grudgingly. “Just tell me the other soldiers aren’t Defensive Guard. I don’t care if they are her soldiers. Most of them are unseasoned, and I don’t need them hearing that there are actually two branches of the armed forces, and one of them is still fighting a war that supposedly ended three years ago.”
“Nah, they’re regular. I didn’t want to have to explain too much. We told the Defensive Guard that Lieutenant O’Dell is on special assignment and named an acting for a bit. I felt bad enough taking five soldiers away from Lieutenants Assad and Faronelli. I couldn’t pull one of them from the field too. You can’t be that annoyed?”
“No,” she said, tone serious. “I got the reports on troop numbers you left me. They were ... distressing.”
“Worse than I thought,” Jared admitted. “Gabriella and Farrak have been making do with less than they should. No wonder some of the fights have been close calls lately. We are outnumbered half the time, even if not by much.”
“We’re gonna have to solve this, but not while you are on a mission. Farrak and Gabriella can manage another month, I think. They need a real break, though,” Arinna said, sounding as worried and tired as he felt. “Well, have you seen anything useful at all?” she asked in a more conversational tone.
“Not much. Two sailboats crossing the Atlantic. Looked big enough to be carrying shipments. One might have had engines and sails. We’re over the remains of a jungle now with the sun setting. Won’t really get to look around until morning. You said you’d known someone from Brazil before the war?”
“Yes,” Arinna replied, voice distant. “He was against his government’s treaty with the FLF. Hard to say what you are going to find over there. Be careful, Jared.”
“Ah, you’re just jealous. All those fancy balls and dinner parties have you missing dirt and bullets. Speaking of which, how did your date go?”
“This line better be secure, Captain,” Arinna snapped, making Jared grin. He’d never gotten to pick on her for having dates before. 
“Of course, it is. They’re in the back without comm access unless they need something. Come on, someone has to keep me awake.”
“It wasn’t half bad, actually,” Arinna replied. He could tell she was smiling from the warmth in her voice. 
“Seriously, Baron Vasquez?” Jared asked. “I really wouldn’t think he was your type.”
“We’re friends, Jared. Old friends. And my date was actually the Earl of Kesmere.”
“Oh, this is getting more interesting. I forgot you had a backup guy.”
Arinna laughed. “You’ll be happy to know they both dissed me to dance.”
“They deserted you for other women? Some dates.”
“No, to dance with each other. It was ... amusing.” Jared opened his mouth to answer and then closed it again. Arinna chuckled as the silence grew. “That was pretty much everyone else’s reaction too,” she said. 
“Why?” he asked, knowing there was a lot more to the story that she wasn’t mentioning. He was sure of that when she sighed.
“Rumors. Byran and me. Derrick and me. Now Derrick and Byran,” she added with a laugh. “You are right about Byran, Jared. I can’t afford to have people watching my every move. The Guard can’t afford it. He draws too much attention.”
“You are old friends. You deserve to have friends. We’ll figure something out.” 
“Sure. Let’s end the war for real. Though goodness knows with what. We’ll talk about that later. Why don’t you find a place to settle down, Captain. Satellite shows a few likely places coming up.”
The screen in front of him flashed as Arinna sent the two sites she’d selected to his dactyl’s computer. “Got them. Will check them out and settle in for the night, my lady.”
“Report in at twelve hundred my time.”
“Gonna be busy in the morning?” Jared asked.
“Shut up, Captain.”
Jared chose the higher of the two landing sites. An infrared search showed life, but nothing that looked human. He wouldn’t have admitted it to Arinna, but it had been a long day and a long flight. As much as he loved flying, especially the futuristic warbird of the dactyl, he wasn’t used to this many hours in the cockpit. Despite cramped quarters in the back of the dactyl, designed to carry six soldiers on two bench seats lining both sides of the plane, Jared fell asleep quickly after assigning guard duty rotations.
“Captain, there is a message coming for you,” Kieren O’Dell said as she woke him with a touch on his shoulder. 
Even in the dim light of the cabin, her bright blue-green eyes stood out above a dusky smattering of freckles. Stray locks of her dark reddish hair curled around her face despite pins meant to hold it back. Which added to the fact she looked barely eighteen and not her true age or status as the Lieutenant of the Defensive Guard.
Jared rolled off his cot, worried first that he’d forgotten the time zone difference and slept past his required noon report. But the call wasn’t from Arinna.
“Hold while I transfer an incoming call, Captain,” Kehm Racée, the Chief Communications Officer said. Jared stiffened at the formal tone, switching on the privacy sensors. For the heck of it, he brought up the vid, scrambling for the correct button as he used it so rarely. The last thing he wanted while flying, or fighting and flying, was video chats.
“How is the rest of the world looking, Captain Vries?”
Involuntarily, Jared glanced out the front windscreen of the dactyl. “Burnt, sparse, and pretty depressing actually. But we only arrived last night, Secretary Gerschtein. I hardly expected to land in Carnivale. Is there something I can do for you this morning?”
“Your Chief Communications Officer assured me this line is private?”
“It is.”
“Good. I thought it would be best to contact you while ... you were away from unnecessary oversight. MOTHER has concerns, shall we say, regarding the role of Ms. Arinna Prescot in connection to the Grey Guard,” Miralda said.
Jared wished he hadn’t turned on the video. He kept his features neutral, betraying surprise with a blink. “She has served Europe and the Guard well.”
“Of course! I meant no disrespect. But this new activity with the FLF as well as the lack of contact beyond our borders has us worried. To maintain the peace in Europe, you must acknowledge that the role of leading the Guard has been split. Ms. Prescot is a wonderful figurehead representing all we have won as she leads us forward with rebuilding. While you handle the active fighting and defense, as your rank and duty require.”
Miralda paused. Jared’s numb brain searched over her words for what sort of response she was waiting for. He was not awake enough for conspiracy. 
“Are you saying this split has already occurred or that you would like to see it occur?” 
Miralda sidled up to her camera, which was amusing enough that Jared smiled. “I think we both know that it hasn’t occurred yet, but that it should. You and the Guard don’t need her.”
“And how does MOTHER plan on telling her that ... or are you leaving it up to me?”
“Oh, we’ll handle it. I have something already in the works. I wanted to assure your cooperation first. Not that I had any doubts. I know you take your duty seriously. You have always served Europe and the Guard beyond reproach.”
Jared hoped that Miralda wouldn’t realize her misstep. He needed to find out what she had afoot. “My duty is to lead the Guard and protect Europe. I had wondered why you advised her to find a suitable civilian residence to go along with the illusion of peace. You’ve been planning this for some time.”
Miralda smirked. “A while. It was just a step to distance her. Other ... matters will soon be arising that will keep her attention focused on maintaining any role in Europe. You needn’t worry about her interfering.”
“She will be safe?”
“Of course,” Miralda said without a pause. “That would be a disaster wouldn’t it? She is too much a hero to the people. The pedestal she sits on would have to be knocked down rather far to have her removed in a permanent manner, at least by us.” 
“This will be taken care of before I get back or will you have other means of contacting me?” Jared asked. “I want to be kept as informed as possible.”
“You’ll be gone a week at the most? No, unfortunately, events will need to play out a little longer. Your soldiers will follow your orders, I’m sure. I will contact you again through this same channel if you feel it is safe.”
“It is. I look forward to hearing from you,” Jared said, clicking off the comm line as he released a breath. “Shit, shit, shit! Kehm, please tell me you were sitting there listening to this?”
The line crackled with static long enough that Jared’s stomach clenched. “You aren’t old enough to be allowed to play on this thing without supervision,” Kehm said just when Jared was about to launch the dactyl back to Europe. 
“You make a joke now?” Jared croaked, leaning back in the captain’s chair.
“Arinna knew Miralda was up to something. We’ve been monitoring her for weeks. Apparently that should have been years, but her making contact with you is good news.”
“Yeah, now I get to be the pretty bait.” Jared swore, running his fingers through his hair. “I haven’t even had coffee this morning.” 
“Yes, that is the tragedy here. Actually, speaking of coffee, why don’t you see if you can scavenge some plants while you are over there? We need new genetics for the European strain.”
“What is this, a shopping run?”
“You’re the one complaining about breakfast. Your call to Arinna is in two hours. Stick to the schedule in case Miralda has someone monitoring communications. Rhiol is safe, but bouncing the signal into the heart of England isn’t foolproof. The channel will be secure, though.”
“You’re making me tell her about this? Don’t you think you should give her a head’s up now?”
“You’re the conspirator. It is better to confess.” Jared groaned at Kehm’s reply. “Like I said, I’m worried about a break in communications. What we say would come across as garbled, but they could monitor how frequently we talk. Anyone calling Arinna right after that conversation is going to raise suspicions.”
“So stick with the schedule in case anyone can hear more than you’d like to let on and I get to tell Arinna, fly around the old continent for a week, and pick up coffee.” Kehm laughed as Jared shut down the last comm line, which made him feel marginally better. This was hardly the first conspiracy they’d had to take down, but the timing could have been better. And one had never been started directly by MOTHER before.
Arinna took the news of Miralda’s plotting with more seriousness than Kehm. When Jared finished speaking, she sat in thought, staring fixedly. Jared gave her a moment before guessing where her thoughts were heading.
“You’re worried that the Baron Vasquez is involved in this.”
She frowned, so Jared knew he guessed right. “Not involved, but maybe a pawn. If someone knew about our connection before the war ... we used the rumor that we were having an affair to mask my search for information on the USA and the FLF. It was well known.”
“And then if they knew he had a friend in Secretary Gerschtein’s office and the files were left out ...” Jared added.
“Exactly. They send me a person I’ve supposedly had a previous affair with and who is a married Senator.” Arinna swore, sitting back into her chair with arms crossed. 
“And you said the earl was making it easier for you to see each other?” Jared asked, worry growing. 
“Yes and no. He is using his reputation to screen our time together. I really don’t know where he falls in this, Jared. He invites me to the ball and does his best to confuse all the rumors. He comes along on morning rides, actually being rather conversational this morning. But I don’t know him well enough to know if he has another role in this that is less obvious.”
Jared hesitated. Arinna’s gaze met his as she realized he had something to say. She was his commander no matter the lack of military rank. “I know, knew him. You said his name is Derrick? Derrick Eldridge?” Arinna nodded. “He fought with the Guard. He saved my life, and I his, in Voltzcrag.”
Arinna took a breath rather than answer immediately. Off screen, Jared fidgeted with his armrest. “You tell me this now? Derrick was Guard? And fought in the battle hallmarked as the turning point of the war?”
“Yes. We would have lost the day if he hadn’t been there. He taught me to sword fight after that. We probably stayed in touch for a year ... maybe longer?” Arinna pulled at the short ends of her hair as he paused. “He nor the baron has mentioned that?”
“No, and now that has me more worried than not. Shit. You trusted him, though?” she asked.
“Yes. But it was years ago. I didn’t know who his father was or really why he left the Guard. He was injured, and then I heard his name as a member of parliament, but then nothing. I really wasn’t certain if it were the same man or if it and the land had passed on to another heir.”
The tight line of Arinna’s shoulders loosened as he finished speaking. Jared felt guilty for that; that he had caused her to doubt him even if only slightly. 
“I should have told you or double checked.”
“Yes, you should have. I’ll have Kehm look into it.”
“And for now?”
“Continue your mission. At least Miralda is speaking to you through our channels, which is almost too easy. And I get to decide if I walk away from Derrick and Byran or keep them close to see what Gerschtein is playing at.”
“If Derrick isn’t setting you up by acting as a witness to an affair, he may be useful.”
“If he still honors the Guard, yes.” Arinna agreed. “Keep up the noon reports, Captain. It worries me that Kehm thinks our channels are being monitored. If the FLF is over there, they may pick up your bounced signal too. You are rather alone at the moment. Watch your back and stay alert. And don’t worry about things over here. That is an order,” Arinna said, signing off. 
Jared stayed in the cockpit a few more minutes looking out at the remains of the rainforest. There was hazy smoke in the distance, surprising him. He didn’t think there was anything left to burn. When he stepped into the rear of his sleek plane, Kieren was alone. The back hatch was down, and the other five soldiers stationed outside.
“Problems, Captain?” she asked. 
“Always. Get everyone in and let’s get going. We have a continent to cruise over.”





Chapter 14

THE BARON VASQUEZ
DIVERSIONS

“Where were you the last few days?” Byran asked as Arinna joined him and Derrick on the road that ran along both Rhiol and Kesmere.
“I ... really can’t say. I was called away,” Arinna answered. “You got the note I sent to Kesmere, though? I didn’t want you to think I stood you up.”
“Yes,” Byran answered, feeling only slightly consoled. “It didn’t say much.”
Arinna shrugged as she nudged her horse alongside Byran’s, and they started down the lane together. “There wasn’t much I was able to say.”
She was lying or at least holding something back, and it bothered him. There were times he thought they’d been closer when she’d been married. They’d seen more of each other then too. Now the obstacles keeping them apart were surmountable. At least he thought so. Watching her, he wondered what else stood between them.
“Well, at least you are free now and planned an outing for today, one that requires work gloves?” Derrick asked. Arinna smirked. “Let me guess, you aren’t saying what you have planned?”
“I do so enjoy the pleasure of your company. Today I thought we’d put it to some use,” Arinna replied. There was amusement in her reply, which washed away some of the frustration Byran felt. 
“If I get to spend the entire day with you, I don’t care what we have to do,” Byran said to her.
“Good,” she said with a wicked twinkle in her eye. “I’ll remind you of that later.” 
She led the way along the main roads, the journey spanning a few miles of lighthearted talk. Wherever Arinna had been the last few days remained locked away along with a portion of her that Byran sensed was missing though he could not put his finger on what in her had changed over the years. It was like Derrick, a part of who his friend had been was now kept buried.
Finally, Arinna turned down a long lane. In the distance, the sound of voices rose over claps of lumber striking other boards. A small farmhouse appeared nestled in a sheltered vale and surrounded by azaleas pushing forth pink buds. Beyond the house and next to mooing cattle, two horses, and an assembly of chickens was a group of men and women organizing long, newly sawn beams.
Arinna paused her horse alongside Byran’s where he’d stopped in the laneway.
“Nick Cotter and his wife Gretchen lost their barn in the last big storm,” Arinna said. “The main truss caved in between the wind and rain. Today they are rebuilding ... with a bit of help.” 
“We are going to build a barn?” Byran asked incredulously. 
Derrick laughed. “I’m game,” he said, smacking Byran on the shoulder as he nudged his horse onward. Byran shook his head, following a little more slowly.
Arinna was quickly in the thick of it, greeting some of the men and women by name. 
“Former soldiers from the Guard,” Derrick said in explanation as Byran hesitated next to his horse. “You don’t have to do this. You could go home—”
“No,” Byran answered flatly. “You’re staying.” He nodded to the gloves in Derrick’s hand. “I’m staying. I don’t care if I’ve never so much as built a chicken coop.” 
Ignoring everyone, he joined Arinna where she spoke to a man and woman both looking to be in their twenties.
“Byran, Derrick, this is Nick Cotter and his new wife, Gretchen. Nick is Ted’s son. He served with the Guard,” Arinna said, eyes shifting to Derrick when she mentioned the Guard. 
Gretchen blushed as she dipped in an attempted curtsey. She had gently curled brown hair and long lashes that framed startling blue-green eyes. “I am honored, my lord earl and my lord baron that you would come in person.” 
“Please, there is no need for titles here. Otherwise, I will have to refer to your father-in-law as sir all day,” Derrick said. Arinna glanced at him. “We are happy to help.”
“I’ll show you around,” Arinna said, lacing her arms through both Byran and Derrick’s to lead them forward into the midst of timbers, ropes, and people. 
“You could have sent soldiers,” Byran blurted when out of earshot of the Cotters. 
“They are needed elsewhere. Do you think sending in the Guard for every collapsed barn is a good use of defense?” she asked. There was a bite to her tone though her bright-eyed smile didn’t fade. 
“Something is wrong,” Byran said, digging in his heels.
“Later,” Arinna answered, prodding him along. “We are here to work today.”
She led them to the lead carpenter who stood organizing work groups, introducing him as Carson. 
“You know how to build something?” Carson asked, eyeing Byran and Derrick.
“I can hold my own,” Derrick answered. “But you might want to keep an eye on Byran. He’s likely to help the young women otherwise.”
“Ha hah,” Byran replied. “I’m not as useless as you think.”
“I’ll keep an eye on both of them,” Arinna offered. “Put them in the same group as me.”
“If you want ta be responsible for them,” he said with a shake of his head and a wink at her. “Over there then,” he added, pointing to the far side. “You get the northern support wall.”
Arinna explained the work as they walked to a small knot of men and women who were laying out a wall on the ground. Large timbers were fitted into matching slots before being pegged. Two women shaved the fitting of one end before sliding the pieces back together.
“We’ll fit the whole wall and then pull it upright with the horses using block and tackle,” she said.
“I think this isn’t the first barn you’ve built,” Derrick said. 
“Hmm ... no, I can’t say it is. I like to get my hands dirty, I suppose,” Arinna said with a laugh. 
They joined the work team as nothing more than another set of three helping hands and free labor. Carson would yell orders the same to anyone, calling out foolish mistakes equally. Arinna laughed at her share of flubs, her mood easy going and relaxed. This was the woman Byran had expected her to become, confident and light-hearted. Despite the unaccustomed hard work, Byran began to enjoy the time spent by her side, especially when hoisting ropes or beams required close contact. 
Arinna glanced at him with laughter in her blue eyes whenever they brushed each other. Without titles or status, no one cared how closely they stood or when she leaned back against his chest as he steadied a timber being hauled upright. By afternoon, he realized how special a day this was. After that, he didn’t miss an opportunity to tease her until she smiled and laughed the way he remembered.
By the end of the day as shadows slipped over the work site, the main frame of the barn stood with the floor set and some of the walls and roof taking shape. It felt like an accomplishment. Tired, few spoke as rye bread and thick soup were handed to each of the laborers. Groups settled in bunches across the workspace. 
Byran chose a spot against the small country cottage where the last of the sun’s rays warmed the wood. When Arinna joined him, she nestled against his side so that he put one arm around her. She leaned against him, eating in silence as Derrick joined them. The cooling evening air smelled of fresh lumber and damp soil as the sun dipped below the horizon.
“You did well today,” Arinna said, glancing at Byran.
“I’m trying not to take it personally that you sound surprised,” Byran answered, exhaustion bringing out his Spanish accent. Arinna chuckled, relaxing against him as she put her bowl on the ground. One arm around her waist, Byran used his free hand to rub her shoulder. She sighed in pleasure. Derrick lay back in the grass, swinging his feet onto Byran’s knee.
“I’m waiting for my turn. I want a foot rub,” Derrick said in answer to Byran’s protestations. “I thought we were sharing you?” he asked, injured as Byran dumped his feet from his lap.
It took a few minutes for their laughter to die down. Nearby, someone started a fire. Smoke drifted into the evening air carrying sparks. A violin hummed.
“How do they have the energy for that?” Byran asked, nodding to a trio pulling out instruments.
“You wouldn’t dance with me if I asked?” Arinna said.
“Not well,” Byran admitted with a sigh. He was sore and tired and wanted a shower. Despite the joy of Arinna against his side, the ache in his back was winning. Discomfort made him shift his weight.
“This suits you more than the ball, I think,” Derrick said to Arinna from where he lay in the grass.
“It accomplishes more too,” she answered. Derrick exhaled a quiet laugh.
“We should go,” Arinna said without making an effort to stand.
“Yes, I see you very much want to,” Derrick replied. She laughed.
The fiddle launched into a dancing tune, followed quickly by a guitar and mandolin. The sound was a bit Irish mixed with gypsy verve. It quickened Byran’s mood, if not his energy by much. 
“I’ve changed my mind. I do want to dance with you,” he said as he stood, offering a hand to Arinna. 
“Apparently you did not work hard enough today,” she teased, taking his hand to stand. “We should head back. It will be late as it is.”
“So now it will be later,” Byran replied, not letting her go as he headed in the direction of the fire and swinging dancers. 
He didn’t have much stamina left, just a dance or two, but Byran wasn’t ready to end the night. Not when the day had gone so well. The dancing was a mad mix of any step. He swung Arinna around in his arms, both laughing between missteps and tiredness. 
“You are pathetic,” Derrick said, cutting in. 
Derrick managed to make the chaos of the contra dance look planned as he twirled Arinna in a full circuit around the fire. Catching his breath, Byran was happy for the break as much as he was to see his two closest friends laughing. 
“That is how it is supposed to be done,” Derrick said when he and Arinna arrived back.
“Apparently you’ve had practice at country dances before?” Byran said.
“Not that I’ll admit to. I seem to remember a time or two we stopped with gypsy camps during our youth,” Derrick answered.
“Hah, I’d forgotten that,” Byran said, shaking his head. 
“Are you ready now?” Arinna said, prodding Byran from where he rested against the side of the new barn. 
“Lead on before I am too stiff to sit on my horse. The two of you must be in better shape to still have energy for that,” Byran complained. Neither of his friends looked overly sore or tired. It was annoying. 
Derrick and Arinna glanced at each other, looking away at the same moment. Byran snorted. If he’d had more energy, he would have smacked them both. Things they wouldn’t admit were a commonality with both.
Byran had to suppress a groan as he claimed his horse and swung stiffly into the saddle. 
“I don’t think you will be ready to ride in the morning,” Arinna said as they walked the horses down the lane. 
“Are you going to be around to ride again?” Byran asked.
“I hope to be,” Arinna said, voice low and without the teasing tone. He glanced over to find her gaze on him. Self-conscious, she looked away.
“Could we ride later?” he asked, not wanting to miss the time with her, but doubting he’d be jumping out of bed at dawn.
“Why don’t we do something different?” Derrick asked. “Please come over to Kesmere and spend the afternoon. We’ll call it ‘tea’ or something.”
“Tea, how civilized. It should almost make up for today. I would love to,” Arinna replied.
“The work wasn’t done. Won’t they still be building that thing? You aren’t intending to go back?” Byran asked.
“The heavy lifting is done. They’ll get it sided and roofed in the next few days. But if you’d like to help instead?” 
Byran groaned at Arinna’s suggestion, causing both Arinna and Derrick to laugh. “I am the youngest one here!”
“Yes, it shows,” Derrick teased merrily.
A quiet beep brought silence except for Arinna’s horse tossing its head as it shied sideways. “Easy, Raven,” Arinna said, calming her stallion. 
She pulled out a small device. It took Byran a moment to realize what it was.
“You have a cell phone? They still work?” Byran asked.
“Something like one,” she said absently, reading the message glowing on the screen. “Shit,” she swore. 
“Something’s wrong,” Byran said, memories of the war rising though the last fighting had been years ago. Except for the battle Arinna had been a part of weeks before. And her absence earlier that week. “Something really is wrong,” he repeated with more emphasis. 
“It’s Jared,” she answered, lips compressed into a line.
“Captain Vries?” Derrick asked. Derrick’s horse snorted and backed at his sudden tension. 
Arinna leveled a steady gaze at Derrick. She shook her head. “I don’t have time for this. I will see you tomorrow afternoon. My lords,” she said before nudging her horse into a gallop. 
Byran had to keep his mare from following while Derrick turned his horse in a circle to keep him under control. 
“I think she did that on purpose,” Byran said when they finally had both horses standing quiet. 
Derrick was silent a minute, setting off for Kesmere again before he spoke. “You’re tired and annoyed she left. You’ll see her tomorrow.”
“Maybe. Hopefully. Not that I know where she was the last few days. I’m sick of the things both of you never say. She knows about you and the Guard. I could tell from the way she watched you today. You should have told her from the start,” Byran said.
Derrick sighed, running his fingers through his hair. “Probably, but I doubt that would make her any more likely to tell us what is going on.”
“You should ask your father. He is still in Prague, isn’t he? He’s supposed to advise parliament. Call him and see what he knows.”
“I’m not calling my father,” Derrick replied stiffly. “And you should be happy about that,” he continued after a minute. “He’d want to know about Arinna ... and you.” 
“I don’t need your reminder of my conduct,” Byran snapped. The last few minutes left him irritated more than he’d thought possible considering how well the day had gone. It took most of the ride back to Kesmere in heated silence before he admitted to himself most of the irritation stemmed from exhaustion. If it were any further, he would have fallen asleep in his saddle. 
The lights were on at Kesmere, transforming the manor into a blinding beacon as they rode down the lane. Derrick picked up the pace to a trot, the stableboy hurrying to meet them as they stopped before the front door. 
“There is a message, my lord, from the Baroness Vasquez,” the boy said.
Byran took the steps to the door two at a time. Fears that something had befallen Cerilla or Santi dissipated his early sleepiness. A maid handed him a note before curtseying and stepping away.
 Byran read it, feeling all the worry, pain, and activity of the day return tenfold in an instant. He forced himself to read it again.
“Who took this?” he asked as Derrick hurried into the front room to join him.
“I did sir. It is exactly what she told me to write,” the maid replied.
“There was nothing more that she said?” Byran asked. The girl shook her head. Byran waved her away, stumbling into the front parlor to collapse on the settee.
“What is it? The kids ...” Derrick asked, following him.
“Are fine. The message reads ‘I heard. I’m coming to Kesmere.’“





Chapter 15

THE LADY GREY
GOODBYES

“No, not fighting,” Arinna answered Byran’s question on why she’d left the night before. “Not that I should be telling either of you anything, but Captain Vries is out surveying other countries since we’ve had no luck establishing contacts outside of Europe.”
Byran frowned. “That is quite a large mission to be authorized with parliament on recess,” he said.
“MO—” Arinna froze.
Derrick’s gaze flicked to hers. He looked away. “One of the Minister’s requested it?” he asked idly.
Derrick knew about MOTHER. The thought kept Arinna from responding. And Byran didn’t, nor did Derrick want his friend to know. It was the only reason Arinna could think of for him to cover for her near mistake. She wondered what else he knew. Derrick flashed her another look, prompting a blush and reply.
“Yes, it is best not to say which. But coming as it did during the summer recess and making such sense, I authorized it so that we could report on the findings this fall.”
“Seems reasonable, I guess,” Byran answered.
Byran was annoyed; Derrick wouldn’t look at her, and Arinna was chilled that just for a moment she’d forgotten herself. 
“What did they find?” Byran asked.
“Refugees,” she answered. “There were people asking to come back to Europe and Captain Vries needed to know what to do.”
“What did you tell him?” Derrick asked.
“That it will be up to parliament really. Until then without knowing if any are FLF, no.”
Byran looked a little more pleased with that answer. Arinna cursed herself for caring as well as saying so much. The approach of a maid gave her a moment to steady herself.
“Dame Corianne Heylor and her cousin are at the door requesting assistance, sir. I should have told you they’d stopped by yesterday as well while you were out though she asked me not to speak of it. I’d forgotten; I’m sorry.”
Derrick swore under his breath as he stood. He disappeared into the manor, leaving Arinna and Byran on the stone patio overlooking Kesmere’s compact formal garden, which faded into meandering pathways near the edge of the wood.
“There is something else you should know,” Byran said, breaking the silence between them. “Something I can tell you at least.” Arinna suppressed a wince. “Isabella is on her way to Kesmere.”
“This is ... unexpected?” she asked, emotions falling to riot again. 
Yesterday working alongside Byran, it had been easy to forget the reality of who they were and their lives. Feeling his warmth against her side as the sun set had been a pleasant sensation, one that she had not shared with anyone, except for that one night with Byran since Michael had died. Isabella coming to Kesmere dashed ideas Arinna shouldn’t have been having in the first place.
“Obviously,” Byran answered flatly. Arinna found herself fighting unexpected tears. “I tried to call her at Merimarche last night, but either she had left already or didn’t answer. I’m leaving tomorrow to meet her en route ... and talk to her.” 
Arinna met Byran’s gaze to determine what he meant in that short pause, but his sable brown eyes were murky until he saw the tear track down her cheek.
“Arinna,” he breathed at the same moment the door to the manor opened, and Corianne’s chiming laughter echoed from indoors. 
Arinna wiped her cheek dry as the two young women escorted by Derrick emerged into the sunshine. 
“It is so kind of you to invite us to stay,” Corianne said.
“My man will see to the carriage. I’m sure it won’t take long for it to be mended,” Derrick said kindly. The look he flashed Byran spoke a lot more though mostly of apology and lack of options. Byran snorted and looked away. “Afternoon tea is on its way. You met the Lady Grey and Baron Vasquez before,” Derrick said as they neared the table.
“A pleasure to see you again,” Arinna said, trying to smooth her roughened voice.
Corianne smiled warmly as she sat, but Tatiana remained stiff and tight-lipped. She cast her cousin a simmering glare before taking a seat. If Byran hadn’t just said what he had before the arrival of the young women, Arinna would have found the episode amusing. Corianne was surprisingly persistent and industrious to have found a good excuse to be invited into Kesmere and Derrick’s company for the afternoon. 
Instead, Arinna found it difficult to slip into the public role she’d staged for the last three years. She wanted a minute alone to clear her thoughts. She wanted to talk to Byran. Neither of which were reasonable requests as tea and sandwiches arrived at the garden table. 
Corianne chatted animatedly about bits of local gossip, seeming to not care that few commented on the topics as she switched from one to the next. Even Derrick, who had always managed to be hospitable despite the situation as far as Arinna had witnessed, bordered on rudeness as he barely acknowledged Corianne’s brief pauses.
Tatiana for her part sat with eyes fixed to the table as she sipped her tea, never taking a sandwich. It was her discomfort that finally prompted Arinna to speak. 
“Did you enjoy the ball last week?” Arinna asked the girl.
Tatiana blinked before answering. “Yes, my brother, Pyotr, was kind enough to escort us. Even he said it was a lovely evening.”
“Yes, it was,” Corianne said, smiling at Derrick. 
Arinna nearly choked as she endeavored to hide a smile. Derrick tossed her a wan look, which did send her coughing to cover a spate of laughter. 
“Excuse me,” Arinna said hoarsely, standing and walking away from the table to the garden. 
“I will see if she is alright,” Byran said before she’d gone twenty paces.
Arinna hadn’t meant the move as a chance to get them away. But as she waited for Byran beyond the first turn of a moderately low hedge, she realized with relief they were free from the formal setting. Byran stopped a foot from her, holding a glass of water in his hand. She took it without looking away from his gaze as she sipped from the glass. 
“Walk with me?” she asked.
He nodded, taking the cup and setting it on a nearby bench before offering her his arm. They were silent a minute longer, walking along the gravel path to stop before a fountain. Arinna glanced to where Derrick struggled to entertain Corianne and Tatiana.
“We could at least pretend you are giving me a tour,” Arinna said.
“Is that what you do? Pretend one thing to hide the truth?” 
Arinna forgot to breathe. She looked away, staring out over the fields, but it wasn’t enough to clear her mind. A tremor rippled through her frame as tears filled her eyes. 
“Arinna, I didn’t mean—”
“Not here,” she said to him sharply. 
She pulled him onward through their linked arms, walking quickly as she gave up the pretense they were merely touring the garden. When they reached the cool of the woods, she dropped his arm and paced forward.
“Yes,” she said, turning to face him. “Yes, I pretend one thing to hide the truth. It is what I do to be what I must be. Don’t tell me that surprises you because since I’ve known you I’ve spent most of my time pretending to be something I am not.”
“But you don’t have to hide the truth, yourself, from me! Before we were at least honest with each other,” he said. “Now, you tell me nothing. Why were you gone the last few days? Why is Captain Vries really on a mission outside of Europe?”
“I told you the truth on that,” Arinna said. “Jared is looking to see what the rest of the world has become. It’s been too long since we’ve been isolated here.”
“And you wish you were with him,” Byran said. 
Arinna frowned, refusing to answer as she was unsure what she would say. Byran paced away down the path this time. She followed more slowly, uncertain how this had become an argument. Near the curved arch of an ornamental bridge over a small stream, Byran’s furious walk became the back and forth of a man caught in too many thoughts.
“And don’t tell me you care about rumors,” he said as he turned to face her again. “What they say about you and your Captain are far from polite!”
Arms crossed, Arinna shook her head. “You’re right. I don’t care about that one. What I don’t need is a rumor that will have my every move watched ... like that I am having an affair with a married Senator and his wife is coming to sort it out!”
“I didn’t ask her to come. I’m going to meet her, and I will take care of it. So that you can go about your secret business without anyone knowing your comings and goings. I can’t imagine why there is a rumor you are going to stage a coup when your actions are so transparent.”
Arinna turned, wanting to walk away but unable to take a step. “Damn you. We can’t do this, Byran. Not then, not now.” She faced him again, angry and teary-eyed at the same time. 
“Why?” he asked. “I love you. Why can’t we have this?” 
He walked to stand an arm’s length from her, just out of reach, but so close. She trembled again.
“Besides your wife?”
“I asked you to marry me first. You never said no.”
Tears filled her eyes in earnest. “I never said yes. I was married at the time.” 
“And now, this time, I am. But I’m willing to change that.”
“No, Byran,” Arinna said, turning away. 
He grabbed her wrist before she walked out of reach. Turning to tell him to let her go, she found herself instead in his arms, uncertain who initiated the kiss first.
“Tell me you don’t want this,” he whispered, lips brushing hers as he formed each word. 
“I do want this. But I can’t have it. You don’t know what you are asking me to risk,” she replied. 
“Then tell me,” he said, fingers tightening against her back in emphasis.
“I cannot,” she said, meeting his gaze. “And I can’t marry you, Byran. The Guard does not marry.”
“Bullshit. That rule was for active duty during the war!”
“That hasn’t changed,” she said, voice trembling. He paused, and she thought he realized what she’d just said. Instead, he kissed her again.
“Don’t do this, please,” he said.
She’d gone as far as she could. Something inside told her that. Arinna blinked away a few tears, leaning forward to lightly kiss his lips. “Go home with your wife when you find her,” Arinna said and disentangled herself from his arms. She walked away without looking back, afraid she’d lose her nerve. 
The return walk through the meandering garden trail gave her time to find composure despite the numbness overwhelming her. When she emerged into the formal garden, it was to see Derrick standing alone on the patio. He met her on the steps up to Kesmere, stopping when he saw the expression on her face.
“You might need to find him,” Arinna said roughly. “Thank you for your kindness the last few weeks. You are a very good friend to him. He’s lucky to have you. I won’t bother you any further, my lord earl.” She couldn’t quite meet Derrick’s eyes but found her gaze on the corner of the manor. For all his civility, Derrick seemed unable to find anything to say. Arinna felt tears well in her eyes again and walked toward the house, leaving Derrick standing in his garden.
The ride home was the loneliest she’d experienced in years. There had been no funeral for Michael, no time for even a remembrance during the war. But she’d felt the loss of him for months though she’d thrown herself into the fight to save Europe so hard it was amazing she’d had time to feel anything. Yet as the afternoon sun slanted across the countryside and lives of hard earned and oblivious peace passed by along the road, she felt disconnected from everything around her just as she had so many years ago. 
She listened for the sound of hoof beats riding hard to find her, calling herself a fool for every second she wished for them. Instead, she pushed Raven to a canter, knowing she should have taken the shortcut through the woods. Rhiol offered thick walls at least if she needed to cry and no questioning eyes to wonder what was wrong. 
Down the long drive, it was a relief when her communicator vibrated to life. She halted Raven in the midst of Rhiol’s rolling pastures. 
“Tell me,” she said.
“Captain Vries reported an armed assault. They were resupplying in a town along Central America, and five are cut off from the dactyl, including the Captain.”
Arinna swore and nudged Raven onward. “Are they holding? How many combatants?”
“Unknown numbers, but greater than the Guard on the ground. They are using rapid fire guns, grenades, and Jared reported seeing SAMs. They are wearing uniforms that look like official military.”
“FLF,” she said.
“Unconfirmed, but it fits.”
“Guess we found another government.”
Arinna hated being happy to have something to do, knowing lives were at stake and at such a distance. But the need to strategize cleared the lingering emotions from her system. 
“Have our forces established any cover? Who is in the dactyl?”
“The Guard is set up in old Mayan ruins surrounded by jungle and brush. Kieren is in the dactyl, but the level of foliage is making it impossible for her to go to them.”
“Tell Captain Vries he’d damn well hold out until backup arrives,” she told Kehm. “Launch the other dactyl’s now and leave mine. I’m going too, but don’t hold the reinforcements for me.”
Arinna dropped the connection and galloped Raven the rest of the way to Rhiol. Christophe met her in the courtyard, taking Raven’s reins while she went for the stable. Tucked near the wide double doors, a solo transport shadowcraft sat waiting with engines powered on. Built like a mini-dactyl mated with an ultralight from the days before the war, it would get her to Command outside of Prague within an hour. Add to that the trip across the Atlantic and Jared would need to be holding out for four or five hours no matter the speed of the dactyls already on their way. 
The relief of leaving faded with the cold realizations. She should have been with her Captain. None of the dactyls should have been flying solo. The distraction of Byran and MOTHER’s plotting might cost her and Europe far too much. Arinna jumped in the transport and throttled it beyond the barn to launch over Rhiol’s fields.




Chapter 16

TATIANA GREKOV
LOVE AND CHOICES

“But you like her, Pyotr! Why won’t you agree to see her again?” Tatiana asked, chasing after her brother with the crumbled invitation in her hand.
“Because I don’t see any good coming of it,” he replied, angrily tossing hay to the milk cows. “I’m just a farm boy and have nothing to offer.”
“Her sister married a farmer an—”
“Yes, a wealthy and successful one! I don’t even have a farm. And I can’t leave to earn money. Who would help Aunt Linda then? We barely got through last winter, and this is shaping up to be a worse year.”
Tatiana stalled in her pursuit of her brother. What he said was true no matter how much she didn’t want it to be. She sat in the hay, the cow reaching out with its tongue to lick bits away from the pile around her. There were times that Corianne’s dreams were soothing ... but even those frightened her some days. 
It took a moment, but Tatiana realized she was staring at her brother’s boots. He stood in front of her, hands on hips. But instead of the scowl she expected, there was laughter pulling at Pyotr’s lips when she finally looked up to his face. 
“I was thinking of letting the cow see if you were edible, but I don’t want her to get sick,” Pyotr teased as he offered his hand.
“Haha,” Tatiana said, letting her brother pull her upright as she ran a quick palm over her cheek. 
“Please don’t tell me you are crying because I’m not going to see Eloise? If romance means that much to you, I think we need to find you a boyfriend.”
Tatiana punched Pyotr in the arm, but it lacked any real anger. She sighed. “No, it’s Corianne too,” Tatiana said as she picked up the grain bucket for the goats and chickens.  
“Corianne doesn’t want to see Eloise either?” Pyotr asked. Tatiana glared at him so that he held up his hands. “Sorry. If you are going to help with chores, you can complain about the princess all you want. I’ll shut up. We need to get this done because the field has got to get planted today.”
Tatiana followed her brother as he carried a bowl of food scraps through the main barn to the pen holding the two goats and three pigs they were raising for meat. “She did something I didn’t like,” Tatiana finally said, not knowing how to begin. Pyotr glanced at her but said nothing. “You know she wants to marry well and leave? Well, she’s settled that it has to be the Earl of Kesmere and has had us driving by his estate all week looking to see when he was home.” 
Pyotr snorted. “I wouldn’t mind if she married and left,” he said, hooking up a hose to the rain barrel to fill the water troughs. 
The thought did make Tatiana smile, briefly. “Well, we actually drove up to the house yesterday. When she saw he was home, she asked me to break a strut on the carriage.”
“What?” Pyotr stopped and stared at her.
“I didn’t do it. It is so ... childish! I told her no, which made her mad. She got out and did it herself. Well, not as badly as she wanted to, but she picked up a stick and started hitting the back wheel. She managed to knock off the metal hoop protecting the rim.”
Pyotr started to chuckle. “In a dress? Oh, I wish I could have seen that.”
Tatiana giggled. “It was ... funny. She ruined her best gloves because she didn’t think to take them off first.” Tatiana tossed out the last of the grain to the clucking flock of chickens before leaning against the fence. “We drove up to the front gate, and Corianne asked for assistance. The earl came out and invited us to tea.”
“That sounds silly but hardly as bad as the look on your face makes it seem.”
“Something was wrong. The Lady Grey and Baron Vasquez were there, and they were tense. Even the earl barely said a whole sentence. We interrupted something. I was so embarrassed, but Corianne just went on and on.” 
Pyotr watched her. “They are all members of the government. I’ve heard the rumors about dating and affairs but does no one think they are working on legitimate concerns?” Pyotr banged the empty pail as he picked it up. “Why is it all about relationships?”
“Because none of us have one?” Tatiana said, lacing her arm through her brother’s as he walked toward the barn. Though she teased, she heard the frustration in his voice. They had nothing and little chance of getting more. “And you wouldn’t like the rumors that aren’t about relationships that are going around, not that I believe them,” she added quickly.
Pyotr snorted in answer. Any other response was cut off as Corianne emerged from the kitchen door, looking out of place in her fine dress amid the mud and clutter of the wooden pens.
“You aren’t dressed yet?” Corianne asked. “We need to leave to get to Waldrope’s by noon!”
“I’m not going,” Pyotr answered, tone looking for an argument from Corianne, who stared down her nose at him.
“I can’t go as well. Pyotr and your mother need my help today planting the spring crops. We barely had enough food last winter with just the two of them planting,” Tatiana said. Corianne stared at her, lips forming words that she didn’t speak. “Give Eloise our apologies and that we both hope to see her soon. Her sister married a farmer. I’m certain she’ll understand the hectic schedule that spring brings.”
“Of course,” Corianne managed to finally say. “I’ll let you know if she heard anything about ... what we saw yesterday!” Corianne added as she turned away.
Tatiana’s smile froze on her face. Her brother, by contrast, was grinning. “What’s so funny?” Tatiana asked.
“I’m so excited to have help, of course!”
It turned out Pyotr nor Aunt Linda needed as much help as Tatiana thought. Actually the truth, she realized, was that Aunt Linda had a lot of help, it just wasn’t solely hers.
“They come because Uncle Robert belonged to the Guard,” Pyotr said as the first wagon of workers rolled into the yard of Aunt Linda’s small farm. “They help every farm that needs it at planting and harvest.”
“They’re all soldiers?” Tatiana asked.
“Were,” a woman standing nearby answered. 
She had tanned arms and face despite a wide sunhat. She also wore pants, something that Tatiana at once envied and made her hesitate. Women of leisure did not wear slacks, especially ones that were rough woven enough to have been made from a grain sack. 
Truly needed or not, Tatiana helped. She didn’t want to lie to Corianne. She just didn’t want to see Corianne today or have Eloise ask after her brother. Pyotr showed her what to plant and where. So she spent the morning walking on the newly turned earth that was still damp from the sodden spring rains. The planting was late, but not horribly so. With some warm sun, the acres of vegetables would grow and ripen. Maybe she’d help Aunt Linda this fall when the smell of simmering tomatoes reminded Tatiana of memories nearly forgotten when she was a girl in Russia. 
By lunchtime, Tatiana’s back ached and her hands were red from the stick she carried to poke a hole for the seeds. She took her bread and water under a tree, feeling the heat of the sun on her skin even in the shade. Most likely Corianne would be scoffing at the tan Tatiana would be wearing for the next few weeks. Hopefully, it would embarrass her cousin enough she’d refuse to take her anywhere.
“Mashed potatoes,” a man said from where he stood a few feet away.
“Excuse me?” Tatiana asked. He looked to be a year or two older than her with black skin and warm eyes. His right arm hung awkwardly so that he carried his sandwich in his left hand.
“For your burn. It really works. Chop up one of the potato culls we didn’t plant today real fine and put it on your skin until it dries, then wash it off. It’ll take away the sting.”
“Really?” she answered, too surprised by the offer to say anything else.
“Your Linda Heylor’s niece, Pyotr’s sister? I’m Phillip Kessler. Would you mind if I joined you?” 
“Of course, please join me,” Tatiana said, moving aside from her grassy patch while offering her hand to Phillip. She realized when he hesitated that he couldn’t move his right arm much, and his left was full. “Oh, I’m sorry,” she floundered.
“S’all right,” he said. He bit into the bread in his left hand, holding it in his teeth while he took her still outstretched fingers in his now free one. “How do you do?” he mumbled around his mouthful before letting her hand go and sitting next to her. “Sorry, that wasn’t very gentlemanly, was it?” he asked after retrieving his lunch.
Tatiana wanted to feel appalled. Corianne would have died of embarrassment. Tatiana gave Phillip a sidelong glance and started to giggle. “I’m sore, sunburnt, covered in dirt and sweat ... I think we’ve both failed dignified first impressions.”
Phillip grinned. “I don’t know. I saw you first thing this morning, and I’ve been very impressed all day.”
Tatiana blushed, which made her cheeks grow warmer. “Do you have any suggestions for sore hands?” she asked. To her surprise, he took her hand again. 
“I was going to say a hand rub, but this is worse than soreness. Those are some nice blisters, young lady. I might suggest witch hazel and keeping them wrapped for a few days, nothing tight just something to keep the dirt out.”
“I’m not used to this ... the planting,” she added to make sure he understood. 
“Really? I hadn’t noticed,” he said, dark eyes sparking.
Phillip embarrassed her and made her laugh at her self-consciousness at the same time. It was like his teasing told her it was okay to be herself. Not the self she needed to be when she was around Corianne, but the person she was around her brother. The feeling was new.
They talked for a while, Tatiana learning Phillip’s arm had been injured while fighting.
“Bullet shattered the bone in my elbow. It didn’t set right. If it was before ... well, I’m sure they’ll make replacement joints again someday. Until then, I’m just happy to have my arm,” he explained.
By that time, workers were standing up again. Tatiana bit back a groan as Phillip offered her his left hand to help rise. 
“Aunt Linda asked for your help in the kitchen,” Pyotr said, startling Tatiana so that she swung to face him. Her back ached in protest of the quick movement.
“I guess it is the field for me,” Phillip said. He hesitated, glance darting toward where Pyotr waited impatiently. 
“It was very nice meeting you and thank you for the tips,” Tatiana said before joining her brother. They walked across the field together, Pyotr silent enough that Tatiana’s thoughts wandered, chasing after Phillip even if she did not.
“What tips?” Pyotr asked, breaking his silence.
“For my sunburn and blisters,” Tatiana admitted.
“You shouldn’t encourage him,” he spat.
“Excuse me? I was being nice,” she added after a hesitation, debating on pretending she didn’t know whom Pyotr was referring to. Unlike Corianne, Tatiana’s days were not filled with trying to charm young men.
“Aunt Linda will be disappointed if she hears.”
“Why? And what about you? Are you disappointed I was nice to a former soldier and had lunch with him?” she shot back.
Pyotr looked away as he stopped at the edge of the field. “Don’t you see? You are more than this. Why do you think Aunt Linda and I don’t ask you to do chores and instead let you spend days with Corianne?”
“To talk some sense into her on occasion,” Tatiana said, dirty, tired, and annoyed enough that she felt ornery. 
“We want more for you. The same as we want for Corianne. You are better than a poor farmer’s wife, Tatiana! Look at you. You can’t handle one day in the field without a sunburn and blisters. Do you want to live like this? Do you want to struggle every year, worrying about having enough to feed your children—”
“Stop it, Pyotr!” Tatiana demanded, glancing to see who had heard before she lowered her voice. “One conversation with a nice man and you are planning my fate as a struggling wife with children? I thought Corianne was the dreamer.”
Tatiana turned on her heel and left her brother standing in the field. His words stung as much as her sweaty skin. By the time she made the cool of the house and then the heat of the kitchen, the room spun. Her aunt quickly sent Tatiana along with a young maid to her room to draw a cold bath.
“Potatoes,” Tatiana told the girl before she disappeared. “It is an old remedy for sunburn. I need a couple of potatoes and a knife.”
The girl was young enough not to disobey even if she thought Tatiana had sunstroke on top of everything else. By the time Tatiana had bathed, applied the thinly chopped potato bits to her arm and face, and the fields emptied of help so that the farm was quiet again, she felt less light-headed and more than a little sad. 
“Oh goodness, look at you,” Corianne said from the doorway as the shadows stretched across the field. “Mother said not to bother you, but I had to see if you were alright. Look, I brought you strawberry soup! Eloise had it for lunch and sent some home with me. It should be colder, but it isn’t bad. You should eat something, and cold soup is probably better than something hot.”
Tatiana’s eyes stung at the kindness. Corianne served the soup in the finest dishes in the house while chatting about the afternoon with Eloise. Her words were full of sunlight and flowers, gentle music and shaded breeze as if Tatiana sat in the garden with her cousin and friend. 
It wasn’t until she was alone again in her room that Pyotr’s words came back to her. A life like today spent in the sun, working and sore, tired and aching. Probably worse with mouths to feed and dinner to cook. Or a life like the one Corianne dreamed, maybe not as lofty, but one with help and ease. The one that her brother and aunt had tried to create for her even if she had never realized.
Tatiana turned her face into her pillow and cried, knowing Pyotr was right. Just like Corianne, she had no hope of being skilled enough to work in a shop. There was only one choice. She had to try harder when out with Corianne, and not just to fix up her cousin.





Chapter 17

CAPTAIN JARED VRIES
OUT IN THE WORLD

“I’m not waiting for them,” Kieren said over the comm. 
At least that is what Jared thought Lieutenant O’Dell said. Between the static and dying batteries, he really wasn’t sure. The sparse jungle outside of the stone ruin lit up with laser fire from the dactyl, scattering enemy troops. Except for the few who fought back. 
He wanted to order the four soldiers with him to help Kieren, but there was no point. They wouldn’t succeed against the number of soldiers surrounding the tumbled buildings. The Guard was not going to win today. They didn’t have enough soldiers or bullets. Kieren and Finn in the dactyl were buying them an opening to hightail it out of a situation that had gotten more desperate by the hour. 
“Lieutenant O’Dell has our backs. Head downhill to see if we can reach clear ground for pick up,” Jared ordered. He took the last position, racing after the other soldiers and hating the fact he’d turned his back on his Lieutenant.
The race out of the warren of tumbled stone and collapsed buildings took the last of his bullets. If he hadn’t seen the slave camps two days before, Jared might have thought about surrendering. Probably not, though. If the troops fighting him were FLF, and if they found out he was the Captain of the Guard ... well, death was probably a better option for him and Europe. 
Behind him, the sky lit up in a fireball. Jared jerked to a halt. 
“Shit. Kieren! Lieutenant O’Dell respond!” he ordered into the comm. 
There was nothing. Not even static. The battery had finally died. 
“Is she?” Hammil asked.
“I have no idea. Keep going to the rally coordinates she gave us. Now!” Jared ordered and pushed him forward. 
Whatever exploded slowed down the enemy soldiers behind them. Whether that was because they were gutting the wreckage of a dactyl or because Kieren found a way to throw off the pursuit were equally possible. The way this mission was going, Jared was more afraid of the first worry being true than having hope any of them would survive. 
Even with the respite, Jared was dodging bullets as he slid down an eroded gully. Branches snapped under his feet, tripping him so that his descent became more of a seated maneuver, which didn’t feel good. Scratched, bruised, but still alive, Jared hit more level ground and kept running. He made it to the rally point from memory of the terrain and direction. Without his comm, he was blind and deaf. 
Jared had also lost sight of the other Guard. For a nauseating moment when he arrived at the clearing by a stream that marked the rally point, he was alone and uncertain if he was lost or if he were the only one left. Out of the brush west of him stumbled Hammil, clutching his gut. Seeing Jared’s gun leveled at him, Hammil halted, sinking to his knees when he recognized Jared. Jared thought it was from relief until he saw the blood dribbling between Hammil’s fingers.
“Ah shit,” Jared swore, tossing down his gun to help ease Hammil to the ground.
“You might need that if they catch up,” Hammil rasped.
“Nah, I’m out of bullets,” Jared replied, pulling open Hammil’s coat. It wasn’t good. Blood soaked his shirt, at least Jared hoped the torn and bumpy sodden mess was clothing. “Just hold on till Kieren gets here. We need the med kit on the dactyl.”
“Don’t think it’s coming,” Hammil said.
Kneeling next to him, Jared rocked back on his heels. He hadn’t thought he had so much frustration left in him. He was tired of killing and watching his soldiers die. He’d never been good at impossible situations. 
Amy raced into the opening next. Seeing Jared leaning over Hammil put a hitch in her step before she swiveled around and dropped into a covering position, gun at ready.
“Captain, you really should wipe off some of that mud. I barely recognized you,” she said over her shoulder.
“Did you see what exploded? Or where Sasha and Taylor got to?”
“Negative on Sasha. Taylor and I split to make tracking us harder. He should be coming around from the east. I think Kieren blew an armored vehicle that was coming up behind.”
Jared was grateful for the news and that they hadn’t been trapped in the ruin when more forces arrived. Amy glanced at Hammil, but before she could ask anything wind whipped through the clearing. The whirling hum of a dactyl’s engine drowned out the crack of gunfire as the nose of the plane edged over the scrawny treetops surrounding the rally point. 
As the dactyl settled into the swirling dust, Amy joined Jared and helped hoist a gasping Hammil to his feet. The three of them ran for the back of the dactyl as the hatch dropped open. 
“Is anyone else coming?” Gabriella yelled from the front as the realization this was not Kieren’s dactyl, really his dactyl hit Jared. There wasn’t a place to sit as the cramped rear compartment held its full six soldiers. 
“Officers Sasha Rataouski and Taylor Banks are still out there,” Jared answered as he helped rest Hammil on the narrow floor. Soldiers tucked their feet while Amy and another soldier pulled out the medical kit. With lack of space and unneeded to help treat Hammil, Jared joined Gabriella in the cockpit. 
“You look like shit, Captain,” Gabriella said as he dropped into the chair next to her. 
“Feel it too, Lieutenant Faronelli. Seeing anything of Sasha and Taylor? Who else came over for the rescue?”
“Nothing on Rataouski and Banks yet. The computer is still sorting out who is enemy and who might be ours. Lieutenant Assad is helping out Lieutenant O’Dell. Her dactyl took a hit from a surface to air, but she is still flying though with a bit of a limp. They are keeping the route to the rally point that O’Dell gave us clear.”
Jared nodded at the information. “Fly low towards the ruins so we can run a wider scan for Rataouski and Banks,” he ordered. 
As the hatch closed and the dactyl lifted, he hesitated. There was a quick solution to at least checking on Rataouski and Banks, but ever since Kiev he hated checking life stats. Every soldier in the Guard was monitored, yet everyone disliked the cold finality of checking a computer for a life reading. But he needed to know if it was worth risking more soldiers. Jared typed in the code, hoping his instincts were wrong, and then sitting back in his seat when the flatlines appeared. Now he was tired.
“Scan for dead bodies,” he told Gabriella hoarsely. 
She glanced at the monitor, her jaw flexing as she realized what screen he’d brought up. “Yes, sir.”
They found both bodies quickly after that, the unknown enemy soldiers going over the contents of their packs. Gabriella chased them off with the lasers. The quarters in back were tight with Hammil, Amy, and two bodies, but Sasha and Taylor had been good soldiers, European soldiers. He would take them home to the land they served. 
Gabriella glanced in the back at the packed conditions before turning to Jared. “Shall we help Lieutenant O’Dell and Assad fight off the enemy, sir?”
“No. Pull back to the coast. There is a low rocky plateau to our southwest. Head there. Tell Assad and O’Dell to follow. We need to determine how badly damaged her dactyl is and rearrange soldiers.”
It was a quiet half hour flight to the spot Jared had chosen. For his part, he kept biting back ideas and questions. Gabriella was not Arinna. She was a good Lieutenant, but the thoughts running through his head were not the sort you shared with someone you were trying to inspire confidence in. He was relieved to see that two more dactyls were en route from home, crossing the ocean at a furious clip. But the best news was that one was Arinna’s. 
Arinna was over two hours out, which gave him a little time to redeem himself on a mission that had gone so wrong. He ordered Kieren’s dactyl analyzed and assessed. He needed to know if it would make it home. Hammil was left in the back compartment of Gabriella’s dactyl and made as comfortable as possible. Best case scenario would be that Kieren could take Hammil home along with Sasha and Taylor’s bodies. 
He pushed aside the worst ideas rising from the blackest parts of his mind and distracted himself with something useful. “Have the computers on all three dactyls scan the area for transmission. I want to be able to tell the Lady Grey something about who we were just fighting when she gets here,” he ordered Lieutenants Farrak Assad and Gabriella Faronelli. Then he went to wipe off some of the red mud coating him.
By the time he was clean after thoroughly muddying a small stream running off the hillside where the three dactyls perched, transmissions were coming in. Jared made sure Arinna and the second dactyl would have a place to land, that the soldiers had food and erected a few shelters, that the perimeter was being watched, and then he finally sat down to listen in. 
The sun had set by the time the two dactyls arrived and set down. He’d relayed the coordinates of their location and updates on the progress they’d made with transmissions. Arinna had acknowledged receipt but not said anything. That made him nervous. But when the two birds landed and spilled additional soldiers, he understood. Arinna had flown with an officer in the co-pilot’s chair just to bring along one more fighter and hadn’t been alone for a conversation. He should have thought of that possibility.
The new soldiers were directed on who to relieve and where to stow supplies. Jared waited until Arinna appeared in the back hatch. She looked around the camp, falling into darkness now, before nodding to Jared that he should come on board. 
She remained silent until the door separating the cockpit from the back slid shut. “What happened?” she asked. 
Her demeanor was somber and unreadable. Without knowing his footing and after the day with its losses, Jared hesitated to be anything less than direct. 
“We’ve seen camps the last few days. They look like slave labor camps with farms, fields, sparse quarters, warehouses, and roads linking them. Yesterday we found what looked like a normal town: houses, businesses, and industry. I ordered Kieren to keep watch in the dactyl with Finn as backup, and I went in with Hammil and Amy. Taylor and Sasha stayed on the outskirts with our guns.”
“You walked into an unknown town thinking they wouldn’t notice three people with European accents who suddenly appeared and asked questions?” Arinna asked.
“Amy speaks Spanish and Portuguese. I’m not a fool,” Jared snapped. “We ran recon first and scanned for anything that appeared military. It was similar to how we found those half dozen folks who wanted to come with us. They were hiding from something, so when we said no, they took off before we got anything useful from them.
“I have no idea where the chaps with guns came from today,” Jared continued. “We were talking to a guy selling fruit and yes, he was looking at us like we’d come from Mars, and the next minute someone down the street was shooting at us.”
Arinna held his gaze before looking away without saying anything. It was moments like this when their odd relationship really revealed itself. Jared would never have spoken to a superior like that. Even though he considered Arinna his commander, she wasn’t. They treated each other most often as equals until it came to field command. Then he listened to her.
“You have no idea who they are?” she asked.
“No. The communications we’ve been monitoring sound like they don’t have a clue who we are either. But they are working on it,” Jared said, feeling nervous about that. “They’ve requested assistance from another base and were told to send a report about everything that happened today.”
“Where?”
“North,” Jared answered.
“How far north?” Arinna asked, frowning. “We’re already at the edge of the Mexican desert. Above that is the wasteland of the States.”
“I swear he said Texas,” Jared replied. 
Arinna’s stare held the same unnerved state he felt, which gave him a bit of relief. And a touch of boldness. “I’m sorry about this. Sasha and Taylor’s deaths are my fault. Dammit, I’d say fire me, demote me, anything ... and I wish you would. At the very least scream at me. Please.”
Arinna snorted faintly. “You know I can’t get rid of you. And I don’t want to. This whole fight wouldn’t work if it weren’t for both of us. And you’ve beat yourself up far worse than anything I can think to say to you at the moment. I’ll reserve the right to harangue you later if I think of something truly fitting.”
The slight humor in her tone lifted the weight from him far more than he felt he deserved. “What do you want to do? Go back and destroy the town? Find and attack their base?”
“No. You were smart to pull back. We are too far from home and support to fight an unknown and unevaluated enemy. But we should find their base ... and see if we can track this communication north. We’ll split up the dactyls in the morning. One can escort Kieren back home. We can have Gabrielle and Farrak spend a day or so doing recon here while you and I head north.”
“You and I ... this isn’t going to interrupt your dating schedule, is it?” Jared asked.
To Jared’s surprise, Arinna winced. A flash of sorrow flooded her eyes before fading. “No,” she said after a moment. “That is ... done. Byran is going to meet his wife and, hopefully, go home with her. And without the excuse to help his friend, I doubt I’ll be hearing anything more from the Earl of Kesmere, who I’m sure is very much relieved about that.”
“What happened?”
Arinna shook her head. “Later. Today has been long enough. For both of us, I think. I’m glad to be back in the field with you ... though I wish it hadn’t started like this. I realize that the last few weeks my attention has been too split. You aren’t to blame for today, Jared. I am. I shouldn’t have let you come across the Atlantic without better recon or backup. This was crazy. I was stupid. I’m sorry.” Arinna’s blue eyes held a liquid line against her lashes. 
“Ah shit, don’t look at me like that or I’ll have to ask you to a ball or something.”
Arinna spat laughter, making Jared grin. “Damn, I missed you. Come on, let’s see if Kieren is ready to limp home,” she said.





Chapter 18

THE EARL OF KESMERE
NEW ALLIANCES

Kesmere felt empty without Byran.
The feeling wasn’t uncommon after his friend left, or even Danielle though her absence faded quickly. But this time the loneliness was acute, a stormy presence that marched down the hallways beside him in the place of his friend. When he found himself barely listening to a fellow guest at an afternoon party as he scanned the crowd, he realized it wasn’t just Byran’s presence that he was missing. That surprised him. 
Arinna’s expression, when she told him to find Byran in Kesmere’s garden, had shown that her feelings for Byran were just as deep as Byran’s for her. But she had walked away. Byran wouldn’t tell him why or anything of the conversation that had left Byran empty compared to his usual tempests of emotion. Byran remained quiet and sullen until his departure the next day, promising to tell Derrick more later when he felt ready to speak of it. Now they both had stories to tell. One of these days, they would have actually to sit down together. Probably with a lot of beer.
As two weeks passed with increasingly frequent social events, Derrick could only imagine Arinna was avoiding him as much as he was trying to avoid Corianne. Only Arinna was being more successful. He saw nothing of the Lady Grey as two weeks slipped into three. No word came from Byran either. Derrick was left missing his friend and fretting with no one to talk to. Because the worst problem was that the twin absences of Byran and Arinna inflamed the small rumors into a tempest. Derrick was sure, mostly, that Byran and Arinna were not together. But that tiny doubt left him unable to deny earnestly what was being whispered. So he said nothing and hoped the gossip would fade, or that one of them would reappear.
Merrifield held an outdoor party every June to showcase his garden, which could have filled a botanic park while putting it to shame with his creativity. Derrick went as much because it was expected as because he was bored. Looking across a planted square of ground phlox that resembled a quilt made of flowers, his gaze fell on Arinna. Despite an initial flood of relief, Derrick took his time walking around the intricate garden before he approached her, waiting until she stood alone with her gaze on the thick of Merrifield’s guests. 
“You’ve been away,” he said. “And wherever it was, you were in the sun quite a bit to get that tanned.”
Arinna gave a quiet laugh though he noticed her blush as she turned away after a quick glance. “Would you believe a luxurious seaside retreat?” she asked.
“Yes. But not from you,” he told her. Her eyes shone with laughter. “Would you walk with me, please? I’ve been wondering how you were.”
Arinna hesitated but placed her hand on his offered arm. Derrick strolled at a leisurely pace through the sprawling lines of flowers and hedges. “Have you heard from him?” Arinna asked after a moment.
“No. Have you?”
“Me?” she asked surprised. “No. I only just returned, and there was nothing from him at Rhiol. But I’m not surprised. I did not think he would want to talk to me again after how I left things.” Arinna paused and glanced at Derrick. “And he did not tell you?”
“No, and I have a feeling you are not going to as well,” Derrick replied. 
Arinna shook her head, glancing away. She took a deep breath before speaking again. “He chose Isabella a long time ago, chooses her every time he goes home. I just don’t think he realizes it. It will take some time, but he will be fine.”
“And you?”
“I’m too busy to be anything but ... busy,” Arinna said with a half laugh.
“Ah yes, your seaside retreat. Here I thought you’d been helping Captain Vries on his mission.”
“You know I can’t confirm that,” she said to him.
Derrick went to answer, but his gaze crossed Corianne’s where she stood a few hedges away. She smiled and waved. Derrick nodded before guiding Arinna on a sharp left to turn their backs to her. Arinna’s hand shook on his arm as she held back her laughter.
“How have you been, my lord earl?” Arinna asked when she could control her chuckling. 
“Lonely, actually,” he replied.
“Really? And with such a potential enthusiastic companion nearby,” she teased.
“I do not need to sport rumors either, my lady.”
Derrick regretted the words as soon as he spoke them. But it was too late. Arinna’s laughter died. She slipped her hand from his arm and walked ahead without him, pausing to gaze at a sculpture covered in myriads of lichens and mosses. 
“I did not mean insult,” he said, joining her. 
“You do not need to apologize to me, my lord earl. There had been little companionable conversation between us before Byran arrived. And only a scant bit of meaningful words then. Do not trouble yourself with me,” Arinna finished as she turned to depart. His decision to leave the Guard rose again in his mind. He could let the connection he had now, one that Byran had accidentally given him, walk away or he could make a different choice this time. 
“You know I served in the Guard,” Derrick said, certain she did. Certain that the lack of important conversations she’d hinted about had a lot to do with what he’d never said. 
“Yes,” Arinna replied, pausing. She sipped from the wine glass in her hand. Finally, her gaze left the countryside beyond the gardens and met his with a frank stare. “Captain Vries speaks highly of you. I just don’t know why you chose to hide your service from me.”
Derrick took a deep breath, holding it as he searched for an answer. “I really don’t know,” he said and laughed. To his surprise, he saw Arinna glance at him with an amused smile. She looked away with a shake of her head.
“I have yet to figure you out.”
“That makes two of us,” Derrick replied.
“You know about MOTHER and covered when I nearly spoke of them to Byran.”
“Why do you think I gave up on politics?” Derrick said. “I know my father and his cohorts really run everything ... except the Guard. What is the point of pretending to be doing something of importance?” 
“But from what Jared said, you left the Guard for parliament. If you saw the one was a farce, why did you walk away from the Guard as well? Jared, Captain Vries,” Arinna corrected, “was not certain you were the same Earl of Kesmere that had fought with him in the war. I think he was almost disappointed that you are.”
There was a question in her tone though she didn’t outright ask it. That she didn’t trust him considering the murkiness of why he’d abandoned both parliament and the Guard was understandable. But that Jared had thought him dead rather than turn his back on the Guard hurt.
“I don’t know why I didn’t come back,” Derrick said, the words bursting from him before he could think. “I’ve spent the last three weeks since Byran left wondering that while avoiding Corianne. I was injured, and my father and le Marc dragged me into parliament. I did that for over three years, but when the bases were attacked toward the end of the war, I fought unofficially under Lieutenant Averys. I almost rejoined. But I learned there what my father was up to, and that MOTHER was still in control of the government. The war was almost over. I should have seen the fighting out, then I’d call myself a soldier. But I didn’t. I was so disillusioned that I gave up on everything and came here. It is the only thing my father has no part of. He cannot tell me what to do when I am here.”
Arinna watched him with unwavering eyes, judging what he said. She nodded. “You would have had a place if you’d come back.”
That left him shakier than his spontaneous confession. He leaned against a stone bench that overlooked a reflecting pool. “My father hates you, you know that? More than I’ve known him to hate anyone. It’s taken me years, and maybe Bryan, to make me realize that hatred is his and not mine.” 
“The feeling between your father and I is mutual,” she said with a frown. She glanced at him, pausing with her glass partway to her lips. Instead of sipping from it, she handed it to Derrick. “You look like you need it more than I.” 
Derrick snorted but didn’t argue. He drained it in one shot. “I haven’t even told Byran this. I can’t. I don’t want to tell him what a waste of time parliament is. He really believes in what he does.”
“I ... understand that,” she said, blinking away a few tears. “We both protect him in our way.”
“Just because Byran is gone, doesn’t mean we can’t spend time in each other’s company,” Derrick said, surprising himself with the offer. 
Arinna refused to glance at him though she lost her battle to suppress a smile with every passing second. “You really need protection from Corianne that badly?” she finally asked.
Derrick coughed on his laugh. “Yes,” he replied. “Yes, I do.”
They started again with morning rides, meeting on the woodland trail where their estates bordered. It was awkward without Byran to initiate the conversation. Actually, Derrick was trying to avoid mentioning Byran. So after telling Arinna a little about the history of Kesmere and the changes he’d seen during the four years he lived at the estate, he struggled to find another topic. So he jumped into what he was really interested in.
“So what did you find in the Americas?” he asked Arinna as they rode slowly side by side along a low ridge that offered sweeping views of the lakes and lowering skies.
“Is that the reason for the invitation?” she asked. Her tone was serious, but when Derrick glanced at her he saw she wore a smirk.
“Admit it, you wanted to get out of Rhiol as much as I did Kesmere.”
“I haven’t been home, remember? Maybe I wanted to spend the time ensconced behind thick stone walls rather than be tramping about the hills and potentially getting rained on by the look of things.”
Derrick laughed. “Then why did you agree to come?”
“You are decidedly more difficult than Byran,” Arinna replied without answering his question. 
“You should have seen us when we were teenagers,” Derrick replied.
“So I’ve heard.”
Derrick ignored her dry remark. “I would hope you think me at least slightly trustworthy. And not simply because I was in the Guard, even if I didn’t tell you. I know more about the government, and what is really going on, than anyone else in the county. And I’ve never told, not even Byran. So unless you are going to watch me all day, every day, you will have to trust me a little.”
“Is that a challenge?” Arinna asked, her smile a little wicked. 
Derrick chuckled. “I hope not! I suppose if you won’t tell me, I’ll have to check in on Bryan’s networks to see what I can learn.”
“Hah, don’t discount Byran or his resources. I learned from him, and he still surprises me. Look at the recent rumor of a coup that I’m supposed to be staging.” Arinna paused after she said that, falling into silence.
“Well, I should check on him,” he said into her quiet. “It would be interesting to see what contacts I can get from him,” Derrick added, realizing asking about what Arinna was up to was probably not the conversation he wanted to be having with his friend. He was going to need to build a network of his own.
“Now that would be an interesting challenge you might like. See what you can find out and let me know. I would be interested to hear it,” Arinna said.
“It will only be interesting if you tell me if I am right,” he pointed out.
“Very well. But I’ll only tell you if you are exactly right. Not close. And you cannot ask your father.”
“Like I would?” Derrick said, excited and annoyed at the same moment.
“It needed to be said,” Arinna said, her tone more consoling than the words. “At least now you’ll have something to do in that manor of yours.”
She was correct. He was almost looking forward to heading back.
It took him a few days to scrape together any resources. None of which was thanks to Byran. He couldn’t locate his friend, which left Derrick cobbling together old contacts from when he was active in parliament or when he’d served in the Guard. Slowly, reports and leads trickled in. No solid information, but he had hopes to learn more.
Though they saw each other to ride together twice during that time, Derrick did not bring up his research only to say he hadn’t managed to track down Byran. At the news, Arinna looked thoughtful.
“I suppose it wouldn’t help any rumor already floating around if I had the Guard track him down,” she said finally. 
Derrick snorted. “I’m not going to answer that.” They left it at that. 
A week after her challenge, he met her at a soiree. “You look lovely this evening, my lady,” he said when he joined her. 
“I haven’t seen Corianne yet if that is what you were wondering,” she replied as he took her offered hand.
“Thank you for the information, but I’d actually come over because I remember you are a wonderful dancer and hoped you would allow me the pleasure?”
She laughed. “In that case, it is very good to see you again, my lord earl.” 
They did dance, talking in between as they socialized. Her wit was sharp and subtle, engaging his attention so that he forgot for a bit his worry over not hearing from Byran. When Corianne arrived along with her cousin, Arinna did her part to keep him occupied physically as well, dancing with him or introducing him to former soldiers and visiting members of parliament that he didn’t know. Every time she took his elbow and turned him suddenly, he had to suppress laughter, knowing what it was she was up to.
“I should have asked to escort you since we are spending this much time together,” he teased when they finally found themselves alone.
“I dare say that alone might put Corianne off. It wouldn’t be half as much fun,” she replied, eyes shining. “So have you learned anything?”
He didn’t need to ask to what she was referring. “A bit. Nothing I’m ready to share. Other than I know you were in the Americas.”
“Is that your gut or fact?” she asked.
“Both,” he answered, waiting. “Well?”
“Correct,” she finally relented. “But I won’t tell you where or doing what unless you figure it out.”
“I’m only just building my sources. I’m sure I’ll find out. Actually, I’m surprised that you want me to do this. Unless you are just trying to distract me from wondering where Byran is. Have you learned anything?”
She blushed faintly. “He’s on the continent, but not home. I believe he and his family are spending some time together visiting friends across Spain.”
“And when were you going to tell me?” he asked, exasperated.
“I only just learned. Jared tracked him down without me asking, actually. And no, that isn’t why I challenged you to this. It is a good test of the Guard and my security. I want to know if there are leaks.”
He regarded her a moment, the laughter of the evening fading. “You are worried about a spy.”
She met his gaze, sober as well. “I’m worried about a lot of things.” 





Chapter 19

 SECRETARY DAVID ELDRIDGE
DOUBLE PLAY

“I’m surprised you brought me these,” David said to Captain Vries as he looked at the folder of photos and reports that Jared had handed to him.
“There was a ... need for the Lady Grey to return to northern England. Hopefully, you do not mind if I take over the reporting to MOTHER for a brief period?” Jared asked. 
“Of course not,” David said, turning the desire to grit his teeth into a smile.
David had worked with Arinna for over ten years. He could read her, at least her moods, such as when she was being serious. Captain Vries refused to even sit down. He stood with hands behind his back on the other side of David’s desk. David wasn’t sure if he was supposed to interrogate the Captain on what the report contained or dismiss him. Casual discussion didn’t feel like an option. 
“I hope she sorts out whatever is at issue and returns soon. What is at issue? Is that included in the report?”
“No, Secretary, it is not. And I am not at liberty to say.”
David was getting nowhere with this man. “I’m surprised you were gone so long, and that it took you this amount of time to bring a report to me,” David said. “I thought I had heard you returned four days ago?”
“We were in quarantine. After that, it took some time to finish putting the report together,” Jared stated. “And I did need to check in on our forces in Asia.” 
David felt his heart stop. “Quarantine?” he asked through a dry mouth.
“It’s in the report. You should read it, and I will answer any questions you have once you do,” Jared told him. “Is Secretary Gerschtein in her office today?”
“Probably not. We don’t meet until tomorrow. Why?” David snapped, rubbing his fingers over his eyes. “And Arinna usually provides me a verbal synopsis of the report.”
“I have another meeting. Contact Command if you need to find me. Good day.” Captain Vries turned on his heel and left. 
David let out an irritated breath, relieved to be alone. Jared’s mention of Gerschtein and another meeting connected in David’s mind as he picked up the first page of the report. When he read what was on it, he forgot everything else but the papers in front of him. 
He called MOTHER together that evening, demanding a meeting despite complaints of ruined plans. 
“Well, get on with it,” Sabana said as Gilles arrived at last, filling the seventh chair. 
“You have the report from the mission to the Americas?” Miralda asked. Renault cast a lingering glance at her, which knocked some of the smugness from her expression. 
“We don’t have time for these games. Not tonight,” David snapped. 
“Is the report that horrifying? Did they stumble into an army of FLF?” Piero asked. 
“Perhaps,” David answered, clipping the word in contrast to Piero’s languid tone. Jared might have rubbed off on David after all.
Silence fell across the small gathering. Miralda grimaced as she reached for the folder sitting in front of David. 
“I’ve been wondering about the delay in getting this to us. You know my concerns regarding Ms. Prescot and her treatment of us,” Miralda said.
“Yes, I’m sure you’ve been concerned,” David said. 
Miralda’s quick glance at him and away before meeting his eyes told David that there were more problems than the documents Captain Vries had delivered. He’d deal with Miralda later.
“Are you going to tell us what this says or are we supposed to read it one at a time?” Gilles asked, eyeing Miralda where she leafed through the paperwork. Sabana and Piero looked over her shoulders.
“Or is Ms. Prescot expected?” Renault asked. Miralda snorted. 
David barely kept himself from tossing something at the woman. A wave of tiredness and age ran over him. He should have waited until morning to tackle this. Dissension was not really that big a surprise, not the way MOTHER had been going of late. It was what Renault and he had discussed a month before. In that time, he’d done little. He couldn’t fault Miralda for having done more. 
“She is not. Captain Vries can respond to any questions. I wanted to make you aware of the findings.”
“Which are?” Ilse asked.
“Refugees, work camps, coming under attack by a force that may or may not be FLF, and then tracking the report of their arrival to a secure bunker in what was once Texas. Where would you like to start? Miralda, you must learn to share,” David said, taking the report from her hands so that he could spread the aerial photos across the table. 
Jared had marked each photo with a brief legend that David read as he slid them onto the table. Images of denuded jungles, debris choked streams, and work camps with bountiful fields but containing workers who looked half starved dropped from his hands one by one. 
The worst to him were the photos of ore extraction. There the workers appeared dusty skeletons, working deep in hot open mines. At least the workers near crop fields might have been able to sneak an overripe vegetable. Gold or iron were not edible. Then there were the pictures of dark openings with no signs of shelter or people on the surface. David wondered if the workers there ever got to leave. 
“This is the town where the Guard were attacked,” David said. “In the fallout, two Guard soldiers were killed and another wounded before backup arrived from Europe.”
“It looks like a rather normal town,” Piero said. 
“That is what the report indicated and why it was approached. Do you see the small mounds in the photos?” David asked, pointing to the shadowed lumps that Jared’s narrative had indicated they’d seen only after searching the area. 
“Entryways to an underground facility,” Renault guessed. “What is down there, do they know?”
“No, Ms. Prescot would not risk attacking something so well protected with the small force she had at such a distance from support,” David answered.
“Wise,” Ilse replied. 
“Wise would have not been falling under attack and losing two soldiers in the first place,” Sabana snapped. 
“I think Ms. Prescot would agree with you there. Captain Vries indicated that she was very disappointed that he had not noticed the underground facility before going in,” David replied.
Miralda tapped her pen against a picture at that. She looked neither pleased nor disappointed. Now David was annoyed that whatever game Arinna and Jared were playing, they hadn’t bothered to clue him in. 
“You said there was a base in former Texas?” Renault asked, pulling David’s attention back to the remaining photos in his hand. 
“They tracked a messenger carrying a report of the attack involving them north through the desert,” David said, dropping a few photos of a dusty, but well-worn road that wove through the empty Mexican countryside. 
An old military Humvee drove across the expanse, passing two convoys of trucks hauling five or six trailers each. The final photos were of a long fence hung with radioactive signs. One metal door set behind a double gate broke the line of chain fence where it marred the face of a scrub-laden hill. The last photo was of the Humvee disappearing into the dark opening behind the metal door. 
“Vehicles ... so whoever they are, they have a way of making fuel,” Gilles said, picking up the photo of the truck convoy.
“What is down there?” Piero asked, peering at the final photo as if pulling it to his nose would make the details in the dark recess swallowing the vehicle clearer.
“They don’t know,” David said. “The radioactive sensors were off the charts.”
“All that equipment, those goods, have to be going somewhere!” Sabana said. “And most likely not to some underground military warren. She has to return and find out what is down there.”
“She refuses to go back,” David said. 
“Why? Order her to, or we will send Captain Vries!” Miralda demanded.
“No,” Eldridge said, crossing his arms before his chest. He hoped it looked angry, but in reality it was because he needed the tight comfort. “Arinna said there are indications of another disease outbreak. HALO may have mutated. Until we know, it isn’t safe for anyone to return to the Americas.”
“Mon Dieu,” Renault said, collapsing back in his chair. “We’ve been isolated for years ... our chance of a percentage of the population having immunity would be low.”
“She and the Captain ... the other soldiers who were in America?” Ilse asked.
“Already went through quarantine,” David answered. “That is why we have had no report for several days though they’ve been back in Prague. They were undergoing medical tests and were in isolation. Ms. Prescot put the protocol in place for anyone returning, including those in the field in Asia.”
“We were looking for governments,” Piero said, placing a shaking hand against his forehead. “We wanted trade with the world to restore what we’ve lost: oil, metals, and food goods.”
“Not expecting to find that we are actually better off than most of the world, were you, Secretary of Foreign Affairs?” Ilse asked Piero coldly. “You should have paid attention in history class a bit better. There are reasons that civilization, as we’ve come to term it, advanced so well so early in Europe.”
“Shit,” Gilles responded. “What is the next step. There could be other countries. We aren’t just going to give up because of this?”
“We cannot risk exposing ourselves to new diseases!” Miralda argued.
David chuckled, earning him a searing look from Miralda. “Ms. Prescot is analyzing the remaining satellites in orbit. There are quite a few though some need rebooting. They are working on finding the access codes and software now.”
“Why wasn’t that done before?” Piero asked. 
“What? When we were fighting the FLF in our cities?” Renault asked dryly. 
“The Guard has access to the satellites NATO used early in the war. There hasn’t been a need for more until this point.”
“How long,” Gilles asked, “until we’ll have access and begin to survey the world?”
“The notes indicate a month. Perhaps more, perhaps less.”
The meeting ended with that. Renault, who had looked almost well at the meeting, wilted as the others exited. He waved away David’s offer of a drink with a promise of a different day. David was pleased with that. 
The pace of the carriage to his modestly sized, but well appointed, three-story brownstone felt too slow for the first time since the war when he’d simply relished the ability to move about the countryside without fear. But he would not risk calling Arinna from the parliamentary building. There were enough things afoot. He couldn’t chance being overheard. It wasn’t until the carriage stopped that David realized he could have simply gone to Guard headquarters. 
He made up for the oversight by calling the Chief Communications Officer and asking for a patch through to Rhiol. He needed to speak to her that night and knew she wouldn’t ignore a call from Command. 
“I’d given up on you calling tonight, Eldridge,” Arinna said when the connection clicked through. “Captain Vries said he’d delivered the report to you this afternoon.”
“I’m not calling about the report. I’m calling about Miralda Gerschtein. What is she up to?”
“Trying to have me humiliated, scandalized, and replaced, of course. Possibly arrested. We discussed some of this the last time I met with MOTHER.”
“I didn’t know she had continued in that vein,” David said, gritting his teeth.
“You expected her to stop?” Arinna asked. 
David cursed that he hadn’t gone to Guard headquarters. He could have requested a video link. Arinna was too good at controlling her voice and too prepared for the conversation.
“What else has she done?” he asked wearily, knowing he wasn’t going to win this fight and feeling too tired for it anyway. 
“I honestly don’t know it all. She looks to have laid some plans months ago. Those leaked files were fed to the one person who would give them to Byran, who in turn would come to warn me.”
“That rumor about you and the baron before the war, I never actually believed it,” David said, some of the pieces becoming clear.
“Why thank you. He and I are friends, but others have thought more.”
“Setting you up for an affair with a married Senator ... not the most damaging of ploys but a classic one.”
“Doubts and dishonesty added to a potential coup. And she could easily tie you into this as Byran so kindly dragged your son in as well,” she said. David lost track of time for a moment. “You didn’t see that coming?” Arinna asked, drawing David out of the dark corner he’d been staring into.
“No,” he said, swallowing hard. “I never thought of her trying to get to me through Derrick. You’ve ... seen him?” David managed to keep himself from asking if Derrick was well.
“He is my neighbor, even if we are separated by a solid hundred acres, and he is Byran’s best friend. Of course, I’ve seen him.” 
“You should have told me about Miralda’s plotting,” David said quietly.
“Why when I wasn’t certain you weren’t a part of it until today?”
“Jared was testing me.”
“Of course. I was surprised when he told me you didn’t seem to be involved. But here you are, calling me to find out what is going on. And when I realized that it has been Byran, Derrick, and I seen together this spring, I realized she wants to take you down as well as I. Le Marc too if she can find a way through his daughter. We’ve all underestimated her scheming.”
“I’ll warn Renault tomorrow. He needs to keep his daughter in check. The rest of it ... the report and satellites. Is it really that bad out there?”
“Worse,” she said, this time emotion leaked through her voice. 
“And what about Miralda?” he asked. 
“I want to see what else she is playing at. Leave her be. Captain Vries has it under control.”
“I hope you are as certain as you sound. She has already outplayed both of us,” David warned, thinking about Derrick.
“She’s made a few mistakes.”





Chapter 20

THE EARL OF KESMERE
RETURNS

“You’ve seen her?” Byran asked.
“I don’t think now is the time to talk about that,” Derrick said, gaze falling on Isabella.
“Don’t worry, I know,” Isabella answered. “Though not in front of the children if you wouldn’t mind?” Her glance at her husband held barbs.
Byran’s children hurtled from the carriage with an energy that reminded Derrick very much of his friend. They bobbed quickly to Derrick before running across the lawn. He chuckled as he kissed Isabella’s cheek.
“How was the trip?” he asked, still uncertain of what to say for fear of walking into an argument.
“The boat was not big enough for those two,” Isabella said. “And then four days in a carriage here ... we should have put them on horseback,” she said to her husband as they walked up the staircase into Kesmere.
“And then I doubt we’d have seen them again,” Byran said. 
His tone held the same heavy look weighing on his face. It stirred pity as much as a recognition that Byran deserved to feel a bit of the sting spawned by his actions.
“True. They would have wanted to go fight dragons,” Isabella answered. She stopped on the threshold, shading her eyes to see where Cerilla and Santi had run. “Stay close!” she yelled. Cerilla raised a hand.
“They’ll be fine. Even with their energy, I don’t think they’ll get off the property before they get hungry enough to come back.”
Isabella hesitated before stepping into the cool interior of Kesmere. Then she rounded on Derrick. “Your role in this disappoints me!”
“Don’t take your anger out on him. He’s been a good friend,” Byran said, walking into the front salon. He paused at the sight of the settee under the window before turning on his heel and walking to the liquor cabinet. 
“A good friend to you,” Isabella snapped, shaking her head as she paced. “Only her have I worried about all these years. She was there before me, and every time something happened you checked on her first.”
“Not since we had Cerilla!” Byran retorted. Isabella looked away, teary eyed.
“At least you seem to have known about her,” Derrick said. “I hadn’t a clue.”
“Huh, Byran said you hadn’t known. I didn’t really believe him,” she said, darting a hot look at her husband. “I knew when the war ended you’d find her again. I’m surprised it took you this many years.” Isabella turned away from both of them, placing her arms across her chest. 
Derrick had to push down the urge to hold her. Instead, he shot his friend a desperate look. Byran stared at the floor before sighing and picking up his drink. But to Derrick’s surprise, Byran walked over and handed the glass to him. 
“You’ll need it when you hear why we’re here,” Byran said to him. Derrick nearly dropped the glass. 
“I want to meet her,” Isabella stated. 
“No,” Byran said, running his fingers through his tangled curls. 
“It isn’t the best time,” Derrick replied, holding up a hand when Isabella swiveled to face him. “Not for the reasons Byran would keep you apart.” 
That earned him stares from both Byran and Isabella. “You have seen her then,” Byran said.
“Yes,” Derrick replied, suddenly very grateful for the drink Byran had handed him. “There was a problem on the mission she told us about.”
“She’s been telling you about problems on missions?” Byran asked slowly.
“No, she hasn’t told me anything. I’ve been figuring it out on my own. She tells me if I’m right.” Derrick paused, feeling caught as Byran. “It’s silly. She challenged me to test for information leaks. So I have been for the last few weeks ... month maybe.”
Byran walked to the window, looking out at his children playing before turning to face Derrick again. “Are there any?”
“Yes, obviously if I managed to find anything out.”
“I don’t care. I want to meet her. She has always been my one competitor for you. All the others I know held no lasting interest,” Isabella said though she paused. “But her you love. I know,” she finished when she found her voice again.
“I’ll speak to Arinna,” Derrick said. “We can’t just ride over to Rhiol and pound on the door.”
“You have plans to see her again then?” Byran asked. 
“Yes, tomorrow ... morning. We still ride together,” Derrick said, wishing that Byran’s questions didn’t make him feel like he was betraying his best friend while Byran’s wife, who had every right to feel betrayed, stood a few feet away. “Look, you’ve had a long trip. You’re tired. Go and rest. This can wait a few days.”
When they met the next morning, Arinna stared at Derrick after his explanation of Byran’s arrival and Isabella’s request. She finally blinked and looked away before nudging her stallion along the riding path. 
“You’ve spoken to your father recently?” she asked finally.
“No!” Derrick snapped, annoyed. It took him a moment to wonder at the question. “Why?” he asked in a more consolatory tone. 
Arinna snorted, casting him an amused sidelong glance. “It reminds me of a conversation we had recently, ironically,” she added without the previous humor. 
“I can arrange something private. We could meet at Kesmere—”
“No,” Arinna interrupted. Derrick waited through her pause. “It would be best to be in public. I think. Shit.”
“If you want my help, you are going to have to tell me the dilemma.”
“I’m trying to reason if a public scene consisting of being accused by Byran’s wife of an affair is better or worse than the three, four, of us being rumored to be in collusion to overthrow the government.” 
It took a moment, but Derrick laughed. 
“Well, at least someone finds this amusing,” Arinna said with a shake of her head. 
“Do you ever not cause trouble?” he asked. 
She chuckled, which unrolled into a grin. “Probably not, no. So which option would you take, considering your reputation may be on the line in either case?”
“I would stake my reputation on Isabella. She is a politician’s wife and half the reason Byran managed to be elected in the first place. I’d be surprised if she dragged you, all of us, into a scene at the Waldrope’s ball tomorrow night.”
“I’d forgotten about that. I honestly hadn’t anticipated attending.”
“Good. Then you don’t have a date, and hopefully will allow me to escort you. That way if things become messy, we can throw in a fistfight between Byran and myself, or you and Isabella over us. I like that one.”
“You would,” Arinna said between laughs. “Fair enough. I’d be delighted to attend with you. Though I do hope this means traveling in separate carriages?”
“It can be arranged,” Derrick promised. 
After the end of their brisk ride through trails weaving between their estates, Derrick did not see Arinna again until he picked her up at Rhiol the following afternoon. She fidgeted in the carriage, restless in her seat.
“Isabella will not cause a scene,” Derrick assured her.
Arinna blushed. “I ... was not thinking about Isabella. I haven’t seen Byran since I spoke to him in the garden.” The last part came out in a quiet voice.
Derrick leaned into his seat. “I hadn’t thought of that. I’m sorry. We should have ...” He shrugged.
“There was really no other choice than this,” she said, looking out the window at the dying day. “How does he seem?”
“Sad,” Derrick admitted. Arinna nodded.
When they arrived, Arinna didn’t betray any nerves while greeting Duke Waldrope, his wife, and their daughters. Derrick was aware of how accepted the alliance of he and the Lady Grey had become over the last two months, which added weight to Byran’s gaze on them where he stood with Isabella on the far side of the ballroom.
“Now you’re nervous,” Arinna said, reading into his hesitation.
“Would you believe Byran is the jealous sort?” he asked her as he escorted her across the room.
“He’s always been a bit of a paradox. But we’d better get this over with before he has a heart attack,” she said, taking a deep breath as they approached. 
There was a pause as the two couples stopped opposite each other. Derrick felt it run through the room. Whispers snagged attention toward them. Byran stared at Arinna, seeming unable to handle the moment much less civil introductions. Derrick took pity. Byran might have caused his problems, but it was not from evil intent.
“Arinna, may I introduce the Baroness Isabella Vasquez. I believe this is the first time you’ve met? Isabella, this is the Lady Grey.”
Isabella blinked a sudden shimmer to her eyes away before taking Arinna’s offered hand and leaning to swipe both of Arinna’s cheeks with a kiss. “I’ve wanted to meet you for a very long time,” Isabella said, voice wavering. 
Arinna kept Isabella’s hand, needing a moment before she responded, “I can’t tell you how much I admire you.”
Isabella wiped her cheek. “Hah, I think we’ve put a few rumors to rest. Can we walk outside so that we can talk?” she asked, taking Byran’s arm. 
Derrick kept a hand against Arinna’s back as they followed behind. “Are you alright?” he asked her.
“I feel like this is my first battle after military academy, and I’ve forgotten my gun,” she said.
Derrick choked on his barely contained laugh. Isabella flashed them a look. “I heard that,” she said. “I did not think I’d end up with the upper hand in this. Come, walk with me, not him. I can’t talk to you this way,” Isabella said, dropping Byran’s arm and holding out a hand to Arinna as they paused outside the door. “I’m not armed, and I won’t bite.” 
“Isabella, if I may call you that? I don’t think you realize how much you control at this moment,” Arinna said taking her arm.
“Oh, like this wasn’t serious enough,” Isabella said lightly. “Yes, you may call me Isabella. I had this rehearsed in my head, but I hardly know where to begin.” She was quiet a moment as they walked along an ornamental pool. “I admit to being worried when I heard Byran was here in England and seeing you, which is why I decided to come. But when he met me on the coast ... he isn’t himself. If anything, I’m mad about that right now. What did you do to him?”
Arinna faced Isabella, tears filling her eyes. “I told him to go home to you, that he belongs with you. He always has. Not with me.”
Byran looked away from the two women and across the shadowed countryside. Lanterns were being lit across the back garden as music flowed outward from the house. 
Isabella glanced at her husband. “But I’m not his first choice. I never have been,” she said. Byran winced but didn’t turn around. 
“Does that matter if you are his true choice? The one he stays with and comes home to time and again? I’m the one with whom it didn’t work and ran away.”
Isabella released a puff of breath before leaning forward and hugging Arinna. Arinna held her in return. Both women dried their eyes when they released each other. 
“You are right. We’ll get through this,” Isabella said, walking to stand in front of her husband. He looked at her with tears in his brown eyes, but without any words. She smacked him on the arm. “I wish I didn’t love you so much some days. Come, you owe me a nice night.”
“I need a drink,” Arinna said when she took Derrick’s arm. “And then a dance.”
“It will cost you, but I’ll see what I can do,” he said. Arinna chuckled, her hand tightening on his arm. “I’m still open to giving him a good thrashing, Isabella.”
“I’ll consider it,” she said. “Depends on how much of a gentleman he is tonight.”
It took some time, and some alcohol, but Byran began to emerge from his morose shell. Where Arinna carried an edge, Isabella was sensual. And quick to forgive, Derrick realized. The tenseness dealt with, Isabella worked on charming her husband. 
By the midpoint of the evening, it felt like they were two couples without the problems that had brought them together. Arinna and Isabella were hesitant in each other’s company but shared time together talking. Isabella knew most of the diplomats in the room, often surprising Arinna with insight. 
“You see,” Derrick said to Byran, watching the two women talk. “It isn’t as bad as you imagined.”
“No,” Byran agreed, a faint look of regret shadowing his eyes. “Some things will take time, though. I must say, I’ve noticed a change in you since I left,” he added with more animation.
“I’m not sure what you are talking about ...” Derrick hedged.
“That’s because the earl has confessed his sins to me. Or maybe I should say omissions?” Arinna said, taking Derrick’s arm.
“There is that,” Derrick said, giving her a grin.
“You know he was Guard then?” Byran said.
“What?” Arinna retorted before flashing a smile. When the four had stopped laughing, she added, “And a shame too. I need good lieutenants.” 
“Needed, you mean,” Isabella corrected. 
“Of course.”
“I was only a Sergeant,” Derrick said.
“Captain Vries indicated you would have gone much higher.” 
Derrick tingled at the thought though he did his best to rationalize the feeling. It was only conjecture, even if it were a compliment.
“Be careful, Arinna. He may just kiss you if you praise his service,” Byran said.
“I’ll keep myself under control. The evening is going well enough that I’d like to avoid getting decked by you,” Derrick returned lightly though he was serious. 
Byran cast Derrick a weighted glance. But before either could say anything, Arinna froze under Derrick’s hand.
“Outside now if you would?” she said to Derrick.
By the time he led her out of the ballroom and into the slightly more private darkness of the garden, Arinna had fished something from a hidden pocket in her gown. The message on its screen lit her face as she read it, the seriousness of it clear in her eyes. 
“I need to leave,” she said, meeting Derrick’s eyes.
“I’ll get the carriage,” Derrick said.
She shook her head. “There is no need. Captain Vries is already on his way. I just need to get away from the party.”
“Which means you still need to leave. I’ll get you out the door,” he said offering his arm. “How long do you have?”
“Half an hour at the most,” she replied though she was slow to accept Derrick’s invitation. 
“That will do,” he told her. “I’ll see you back at Kesmere. Stay and enjoy the evening,” he said to Byran and Isabella, who had followed them outside.
“You don’t really need to do this,” Arinna said as they walked into the manor together.
“We spent all evening trying to divert rumors, and now you want to disappear and start goodness knows what. You couldn’t face Byran with his wife perhaps?” he replied. “I want to help, and if you are worried I’ll see something I shouldn’t when Captain Vries arrives, you can blindfold me.” 
“Hah,” she replied, giving him a startled glance as he stopped her on the ballroom floor. 
“We need a reason to be leaving early,” he said, sweeping her into the waltz that the musicians currently played. He held her closer than before. “One that does not involve conspiracies,” he whispered into her ear. 
She blushed, which he expected. He swung her breathlessly out of the dance to stand before Duke Waldrope. “I regret to say we must leave. A matter I must attend to has come up,” he said, gaze lost in Arinna’s eyes.
The duke waved them off without question. Arinna remained quiet until they were seated in Derrick’s carriage and had given the driver instructions to head down the road and stop when told. 
“I would not have thought that the rumor you just started would be one you’d choose,” she said to him as the carriage left the estate’s drive.
Derrick shrugged. “I’m not married and, as Corianne’s interest attests, it is well known my engagement is due to a political match by our fathers. And I doubted you’d prefer suspicion that there is entirely too much fighting beyond Europe?” he asked. “This time you don’t need to say that I’m right. I know. Anyone who spends a month in your company would notice the absences and communications.”
“Why do you think that I do not spend much time in anyone’s company?” 
“Is that why you sent Byran away?” he asked.
“No. Not the only reason at least. Nor because of rumors, even the serious ones.” She looked away, gazing out the window. “Tell the driver to stop here.”
Derrick helped Arinna from the carriage and walked down the dark road with her to the edge of the field. The tall grass waved in the evening breeze, crickets chirping. Distantly, a low whine grew louder. Derrick barely recognized the outline of the shape that landed as belonging to an aircraft. A faint red light illuminated as a hatch opened. 
“Thank you. I do owe you. You were right about Isabella and tonight.” 
She hesitated, but whatever else she might have said was left behind as she slipped off her shoes and ran barefoot across the grass to the waiting plane. 
Derrick waited until the strange whine of the plane’s engines was lost to the sound of wind on high grass. “But you still don’t trust me,” he said to the crickets before turning to walk back to the waiting carriage. 





Chapter 21

THE LADY GREY
WALKING INTO A TRAP

Arinna changed into the quicksilver, body hugging armor in the tight confines of her chair in the cockpit. 
“I don’t think your treatment of that dress is very gentle,” Jared deadpanned as Arinna cursed the lack of space for pulling on her military pants. 
“I don’t plan on wearing it again,” she snapped, settling into her chair with a whoosh of breath. “You had to have the back loaded with soldiers, didn’t you?”
“We are needed for an emergency. I thought taking backup would be prudent. I don’t see what you have against fighting in a dress. You looked great.”
“Thanks. I’ve certainly never known a woman to be any less dangerous in a dress, but I find they hamper movement,” Arinna tossed back, pulling up the messages Gabriella and Farrak had sent. “That was the Derrick Eldridge you remember?” Arinna asked as the images loaded.
“Yes,” Jared replied. “Though you still doubt it.”
“Not you ... and maybe not him. I’m not really sure about that. I do remember when the PM was killed and Eldridge, his father, demanding we find his son when he was missing. But ... I know I don’t trust David Eldridge. I don’t know what to think of his son.”
“Well, as nice as I find Derrick, I’d prefer you not to think about either of them for a bit. Gabriella and Farrak need your attention more.”
“Just remind me that he may have just fed another rumor we’ll need to deal with later ... though one not nearly as dire as most this summer. I can see why MOTHER, Gerschtein in particular, suggested I move here. I’d forgotten what a quagmire civilian life is. She barely needs to start rumors to dishonor me,” Arinna said, voice fading as the first images came up along with the field reports. 
The pictures showed what looked like a typical FLF recon base with armored buildings for ammo set near crop fields. But something made her uneasy. She reviewed the series of photos again. 
“It’s too clean,” she said. “The roads have grass on them. No dust on the vehicles or tire tracks beyond maybe one or two.”
“Yeah. Don’t worry, they noticed, but not as quickly as you. They ran some heavier scans with everything we could throw at it,” Jared said, sending new files to her vid. 
“Shit. Where is this?” Arinna asked as images of labyrinthine corridors, false walls, hidden rooms, and underground connecting tunnels appeared on her monitor.
“Parvatpura,” Jared answered. Arinna glanced at him. “North-eastern India. You don’t like that either?” he asked as she sat back in her chair. 
“Not really. The temperatures will make crops there difficult even with a supply of water. If you were the FLF and had rigged a trap this elaborate, would you have it leading to wherever you’d hidden your main base or off on a goose chase?” 
“I’ll tell Kehm to search toward the northwest once we get a few more satellites online. So what do you want to do with the trap?”
“Spring it, of course,” she said with a grin.
They landed well back from the base, assuming the FLF weren’t using any long range sensors to see them coming. She’d never known them to. Dawn was buffing the horizon pink, making Arinna hopeful that any short range cameras wouldn’t pick up their arrival either.  
She met with Captain Vries and her two field Lieutenants in the high tech security of a transport. She and Jared both praised them for realizing the base was a trap before entangling themselves. Gabriella paled when she heard they were going to go in anyway, which emphasized her dark hair and eyes.
“But ... they designed it to inflict maximum damage on an invader. It would be a slaughter,” Gabriella protested.
Arinna waited for Farrak. “We have no soldiers in there. We could just blow it,” he offered after a moment.
“And waste any chance of finding intel?” Jared snapped. 
“We have the layouts thanks to the scans you ran,” Arinna said, pulling them up on the vid table they stood around. “We are going in, but not through the front door.”
Arinna arranged the initial attack as a feint. FLF soldiers formed well armed, solid walls to push Guard soldiers into the base. It was just what she wanted. She let the tension mount as her soldiers begrudgingly inched toward the waiting trap, all the while Jared snuck in the back.
The Captain didn’t waste any time. In nearly simultaneous attacks, the secret rooms were broken into and cleared. FLF soldiers were taken out at gunpoint. Arinna was pleased with the performance of the Guard even as her finger twitched on the controls of her dactyl. She hated being so close to a fight but sitting in reserve. It really wasn’t any different from her role in England, waiting at Rhiol as she read intelligence reports and watched her soldiers fight over the satellite feeds. But usually when this close, when she could smell the dust and smoke, she was in the mix of it. It bothered her to watch Jared fight, the Guard fight, and to do nothing.
At the same time, she was very pleased not to be needed. It meant things went well.
By mid-afternoon, Captain Vries escorted her around the emptied base. FLF prisoners, many with potential information more lucrative than any mislaid report in the trap, were placed on transports to be taken to bases on the outskirts of Europe for quarantine and then interrogation. 
Walking the base with Jared, the hidden spaces gave her a chill. They were set at vantages between rooms and dead end corridors. Well stocked with ammo and rigged with multiple gun ports, to be caught on the wrong side of them would have been the slaughter Gabriella had feared. Alone with Jared in the largest of the rooms, she paced, not seeing the scanty paperwork or the deadly preparation around her.
“Something else is bothering you,” Jared stated, watching her.
“The FLF were cautious in the opening attack. They were herding the soldiers into the two left bunkers without being too aggressive.”
“I will take your word on it. I was otherwise occupied. What of it?”
“Those buildings had smaller and fewer rooms similar to this one, and thicker walls with doors that locked on the outside.”
“Like a prison,” Jared said. “It is a trap in a trap.”
“They didn’t just want to kill Guard soldiers. They were looking to capture reinforcements coming to aid them.”
“They wanted you or I,” he swore. “I don’t like the direction these battles are going.” 
“Nor do I,” she said. “They could have been simply looking to capture soldiers. After this many years of fighting, they may be low on troops too. Or know we are. We need better insight into what is going on out here.”
“More satellites will be up in a week. And maybe some of the prisoners will talk this time.”
“And there is someone else I might be able to ask,” she said. 
“You know an FLF spy?” Jared asked, amused.
“I hope not, but I know someone who has found a few people spying on us. Someone besides MOTHER.”
“Oh, now I’m curious.”
“Sorry, Captain. You get to head back to Prague and report to MOTHER since I am inconvenienced at the moment, remember?” 
“Gerschtein will realize you are playing her eventually. That is the way it is going, isn’t it?”
“Thanks for the confidence,” Arinna said with a snort. “Yes, mostly due to your old friend the Earl of Kesmere. I think rumors about Byran and I are fairly well dealt with as well as any political shenanigans between myself and the two senators.”
“That just leaves the rumor of you and the earl or Derrick and Byran, I believe,” Jared said, baiting her. “What was it you were hinting at when I picked you up from your date?”
“You seem to be having too much fun with this. I’ll sort it out myself,” she tossed back. She hesitated, stopping to stare around the base now full of commotion as the Guard organized prisoners and checked over the area. “With the satellites coming online, we will be able to watch the border better. What do you think of pulling Gabriella and Farrak back to Europe for a bit?”
Jared rocked back on his heels, looking around before he answered. His green eyes were sober when he turned back to her. “I think you are concerned about more than them needing R and R. Even with satellites, we won’t be able to keep watch as well as having eyes in the field.”
“No,” Arinna agreed. “And I was initially worried about the medical tests, but whatever disease we were seeing in the Americas doesn’t seem to be over here. But look how far we’ve pursued the FLF. How much farther can we go before traps like this work? Or worse, don’t matter? We are stretching ourselves too thin.”
“Shit,” Jared said. “I didn’t want to see the war come down to a stalemate. You’re right,” he said as Arinna went to argue. “We should pull back, at least for now. The fighting has been harder of late and also sparser in between. We’ve bought enough space for a buffer. I’ll tell Farrak and Gabriella we need to speak with them.”
Arinna nodded, unsure if her two field commanders would take the news as a reprieve or a failure. She wasn’t sure what she thought of it herself. 
After talking to Gabriella and Farrak, Arinna stayed through the next day before leaving Jared to finalize the prisoner transports and deal with MOTHER. The last of the Guard would exit the field by week’s end to return to Europe. It would be the first time since the war was declared over in the EU, and the Guard was split into the Defensive wing and the secret fighting contingent stationed beyond the border, that all soldiers would be on home soil. 
By the time Arinna reached Rhiol, it was dusk on the third day since she’d left. The need for information itched at her. Propriety demanded she send a note to Kesmere asking to meet with Derrick and profusely apologizing for her abandonment of him at the ball. But after landing the shadowcraft and pacing the courtyard between house and stable, she decided propriety could be damned. 
Derrick had covered her escape at the ball, gambling his standing to hide her activities. She owed him discretion rather than saddling Raven and riding to Kesmere while still wearing her combat armor and sword. But he would understand, and she swore to herself that if he had company other than Byran and Isabella, she would turn around before approaching the door. 
Kesmere was dark enough; her first guess was no one was home. But faint lights from the back of the house where the informal dining room lay kept her from leaving. Uninvited and unexpected, Arinna approached the door with a fluttering of nerves that would have been more appropriate to the time when she’d snuck into Kesmere soaking wet and through the kitchen door. Now she knew the earl, and could possibly even call him a friend, as unlikely as that idea was, considering their history and his father. 
A maid answered Arinna’s knock, offering to show her to the back parlor. Arinna requested Derrick to see her in the front salon, which felt tantamount to ordering him in his house. But the bout of nervousness had reminded her that Byran had children, a fact she should have considered before wearing battle armor to a pretend social call. 
Derrick entered the room at a fast pace, nearly tripping when he caught sight of her outfit. “Something is wrong?” he asked. Concern marked his eyes more than annoyance at her sudden and unorthodox appearance.
“No ... yes. I,” Arinna stuttered with three false starts. Derrick glanced away, but not before she saw his flash of amusement. “What I mean is that the main problem is dealt with, but there is a pattern to these attacks that worries me. Have you heard from your sources at all?”
The question froze Derrick, tension locking his frame as the reason for her visit hit him. “A drink?” he asked, moving across the room with the tense grace of a fighter. This man she could believe had fought in Voltzcrag and helped win the day.
“No,” she said to his offer, wanting something, but the fact that she still wore battle clothes, not to mention dust but hopefully, not too much blood, kept her from agreeing. She really should have changed first. The evening might have been even slightly agreeable that way. 
Derrick nodded at her answer, pouring himself a small glass. “India,” he said, turning back to her.
“Yes.”
“FLF base?”
“Correct, but you could have guessed that,” she told him.
“Are you testing my resources or the leaks in the Guard?” he asked, annoyance creeping into his voice. Which was understandable. It was his house and she had just interrupted his evening to basically interrogate him. Claiming friendship felt a stretch again.
“Both,” she answered, biting her lip to keep from adding anything else.
He studied her. “More than that, I think.”
“Yes,” she admitted. “Are you certain your information comes from leaks in the Guard?”
Derrick paled, leaning against the back of a large chair. “Shit. I don’t know.” 
“Actually, I’ll take that drink,” Arinna said, pulling off her gloves. “May I?” she asked, nodding toward the settee. 
He waved his assent while filling a second glass. She sat on the edge of the seat, too aware of her clothing and his fine furniture to be as relaxed as she wanted. But as Derrick handed her a glass, his refilled as well, and sat across from her, it felt more like a conversation rather than something less pleasant. 
“What else have you heard?” she asked, sipping the Scotch and resisting an urge to lean into the soft cushion behind her. 
“Not much. Your lieutenants found it, and it was large enough or well-armed enough that a larger assault was needed. It depends on the source which it was.”
“Nothing else?” she asked, blinking away teary relief.
“Yes. Why?”
“It was a trap actually,” she told him. 
He stared at her. “You look very relieved to have just said the Guard walked into a trap.”
She smiled even though she didn’t mean to. “We knew it was a trap and used that against them. But you see, you hadn’t heard it was a trap. It sounds like your information is through the Guard and someone or several someones that are lower level. We’ll have to tighten security and discipline, but ...”
“We’re not saturated with FLF spies?” he asked with a wry smile.
“Yes. Something like that,” she replied.
“But I feel rather disappointed,” Derrick admitted. “My informants are rather insignificant.”
Arinna laughed. “Well keep looking. Maybe you’ll uncover something more impressive.”
“Oh thanks,” he drawled. 
“Is everything okay?” Byran asked from the doorway, slamming to a halt at the sight of Arinna. She sprang upright from her relaxed pose, wondering when she’d leaned back and why Derrick hadn’t warned her about damaging his upholstery. 
“Yes,” Derrick replied, not rising or appearing concerned. “Would you care to stay for a bit since this has become a more social visit than I think you were expecting?” he asked, nodding toward her sword. 
“Huh, I would love to, but I fear I should not. I need to talk to Captain Vries. It seems he has some work to do. Thank you for the offer.” She said the last with warmth.
“Then come tomorrow,” Derrick said, rising with her. “Tea and lunch in the garden. You can meet Byran’s children,” he added with a glance toward Byran.
“Please do. Cerilla is very disappointed that Isabella met you and she did not,” Byran said.
“Very well. Thank you again, especially for letting me interrupt your evening,” she said, handing Derrick her empty glass. “Until tomorrow.”
She blamed the alcohol and exhaustion from the fighting, of which she watched more than helped, for repeating the image of the warm amusement on Derrick’s face when he’d taken her glass. Jared would have a fit of laughter if he learned of it. 
Arinna kept the ride to Rhiol brisk. Thomas met her in the courtyard, taking Raven with a salute. She’d never gotten the man to stop acting like he was in the Guard even if they were officially very much no longer in the Guard. Of course, the interior of Rhiol made the reality all too apparent. 
Beyond the kitchen that was used more like a military mess than the heart of a grand estate and the never utilized formal rooms on the first floor, Arinna ducked into the secret heart of her rented manor. When she’d chosen Rhiol, it had been for a number of reasons, beyond a reluctant agreement with MOTHER that to make the appearance of the war truly over having a place to call home would go a long way. Arinna and Jared had appreciated the structure, built as it was like a scale model medieval fortress. But what had appealed to her most was the warren of rooms in the upper floors that could house a small army if needed, and the massive basement that could contain all the requirements of managing a war away from Command. 
Through a tiny wine cellar, the basement opened into a training and exercise room to the left of which was a small nook holding the most computer equipment in Europe outside of the Guard base in Prague. Unless you counted any dactyls on a mission. 
The computers were kept in a constant state of readiness so that Arinna only had to touch a key for them to initiate a link to Command. To Arinna’s surprise, it wasn’t Kehm Racée, her Chief Communications Officer, who answered, but Jared.
“I was just about to call you,” he said, looking equally surprised.
“Something is wrong?” she asked.
“No. I have information. What about you? You look rather cross,” he said, studying her face.
“I was at Kesmere,” she said.
“Really? I’m impressed. I don’t think even I can irritate you that fast.”
“No, he—” She settled into a glare, trying to remain more annoyed than amused as Jared broke up laughing. “Never mind. I can’t win with you,” she said, smiling. “We have some leaks in the Guard. Lower ranks talking about missions they have scant knowledge of, thank goodness, but it needs to be stopped. Now.”
Jared wasn’t laughing anymore. He swore. “Let me guess, they have enough information that would cause problems if someone like Secretary Gerschtein got wind of it?”
“Exactly.”
“Shit. Well then nix what I was going to tell you,” Jared said.
“What? Why?” Arinna asked startled. “Unless you are in the common room, I would hardly think that there is an issue with leaks here.”
“Until I run a complete analysis and scan, I’d rather fall on the safe side.”
“You mean the seriously over-zealous side?” she asked. Jared gave her a cat’s grin. She sighed. “Fine, I’ll come to base.” She’d have to send her regrets to Derrick.
“I wouldn’t want you to have to change any plans you might have,” Jared said, grinning when her attention snapped back to his with annoyed force. “I’ll come to you.”
“When? I may not be here,” she said, crossing her arms.
Jared shrugged. “Leave me a note. I have to start things here and make a stop on the way. If it is important enough, I’ll track you down.”
“Lovely,” she said, signing off. Tomorrow suddenly felt too full.





Chapter 22

TATIANA GREKOV
THE PRICE OF INFORMATION

“He made me look like a fool in front of Eloise. He didn’t look at me even once,” Corianne moaned. She clutched her pillow to her chest, muffling a sob into its feathers. 
Tatiana laced her fingers through her cousin’s. “Eloise was surprised too. She said that the Lady Grey claiming all of the Earl of Kesmere’s attention at the ball was the last thing she expected, especially with the Baron and Baroness Vasquez there as well.” 
Actually, Eloise had said something much less tactful and had expected a madcap scene of the baron’s affair with the Lady Grey being broadcast by his wife. Arguments, yelling, or icy silence had all been discussed as potentials. Instead, the Lady Grey and the baroness had appeared friendly. And Derrick’s attention had been claimed all night by his date until their abrupt departure. What had been meant to be Corianne’s victory in claiming the Earl of Kesmere’s attention at long last had been a horrible failure. Even Eloise had agreed to that.
Corianne gripped Tatiana’s hand, peering at her over the ruffled edge of the pillow. “Everyone knows that the Lady Grey and the baron are having an affair. Half the invitations sent to her are in the hopes of uncovering more about what she is doing. The other half won’t invite her because of disappointment in her actions after having been a war hero. How could she and baron be so polite and act as if nothing had happened? And then when the earl and the Lady Grey left early ... together. It’s over.” Corianne fell back onto her bed. “I shall never marry. I will never leave this farm and will live here alone to die of hunger or cold.” 
The words were dramatic, but real tears, bitter and desperate tears, leaked from the corner of Corianne’s eyes. 
“Hush, no,” Tatiana said, smoothing down her cousin’s golden hair. “Things are not ended. Not yet. We just have to try something else.”
“Hah. Like what? He is avoiding me. I know it.”
Tatiana sat beside Corianne, holding her hand and thinking. “Do you really think the Earl of Kesmere and the Lady Grey are seeing one another?” she asked.
“It looked that way. That last dance ... they only had eyes for each other.”
“What about the earl’s fiancée?” Tatiana pressed. “Do you think he would cheat on her?”
Corianne shrugged. “The baron cheats on his wife. Everyone knows the earl does not really love Danielle le Marc. She was forced on him by his father.” 
“But do you think the earl’s fiancée would care?” Tatiana asked. 
Corianne sat upright. “We need to tell her. She wouldn’t want to be embarrassed like that. But no, then she’ll come. I don’t want her here!”
“But if she comes to discover if the rumor were true and finds it is and then she breaks things off with him—”
Tatiana couldn’t finish as Corianne hugged her tightly and kissed her on the cheek. “I love you. You are the best friend I could ever hope for!” Her blue eyes shone; lashes stuck together from the recent tears. “But how will we send her a letter? I don’t know her address.”
“Her father is an advisor to parliament. We could write him.” 
“And how do we find his address?” Corianne asked.
“I have a newspaper. I think it lists the address of parliament.” Tatiana was on her feet and out the door before Corianne replied. She raced to her room, grabbing the well-read paper she’d bought when out with Pyotr. Walking back to Corianne’s room, she asked, “What did you say, Corianne?”
“Why do you have a newspaper?”
Tatiana shrugged. “I wanted to know what was happening. It seemed the best way. Look, here it is. The address of parliamentary headquarters in Prague.”
“Prague,” Corianne breathed, the word holding so many dreams. “But see, it mentions Derrick, the earl’s,” Corianne corrected with a blush, “father, David Eldridge as the Secretary of Defense. Maybe we should write him? Would it not be too unseemingly to write the earl’s fiancée’s father when the earl’s father could most likely solve the problem with the least amount of fuss?” 
“You’re right! It is better to be discrete about this so as not to sully your connection to the earl when everything is made known.”
Corianne blushed. “You must draft the letter,” Corianne begged, taking Tatiana’s hand. “You are so much better at writing than I am.” 
They started that afternoon. Draft after draft, they tried again and again to find the wording to warn Secretary Eldridge that his son was acting inappropriately with another woman, the leader of the armed forces nonetheless. But by nightfall, they still hadn’t found quite the language that was inoffensive, not sounding like malicious gossip, but implied a need for urgency.
“We’ll try again in the morning,” Tatiana said, putting down her pen. 
Corianne yawned and then kissed her on her brow. “Thank you. I’m so glad you are here. You are like a sister, but better. Really.”
Tatiana choked up as she cleaned up their discarded paper. This would work. She knew it. Pyotr was right. Both she and Corianne needed to marry well. It was their best hope. Tatiana had done her best since the day of the planting to pay attention to all the little details in manners and look that she had ignored or regulated to Corianne’s realm. She dressed smartly every day now, made certain she used the correct spoon for her tea and spoke as well as she could. She read books to make up for her poor education. And when it had come to the ball hosted by Eloise’s father, she’d made certain the dress she wore was stylish. 
Despite Corianne’s disappointment with the earl, Tatiana had danced often that night. She’d witnessed heads turn as she walked by. What difference lay between her and her younger cousin, Tatiana was uncertain. Or at least her guess made her stomach flip, and she refused to acknowledge it. Corianne was all spun gold, blue eyes, and rosebuds. Tatiana was darker, taller, and her figure did not have Corianne’s softness. Tatiana thought Corianne the perfect beauty, but men’s eyes had followed her and not Corianne. For the first time, she’d not been hidden behind her cousin, and the feeling had been powerful. 
Pyotr smiled at her over dinner, happy in his lot managing the farm. Tatiana would make sure he had more when she married. Then she blushed, realizing what she’d just thought. First she had to make certain Corianne won the Earl of Kesmere, and then she could worry about herself. The earl would have connections, better than those offered at a country ball where she guessed that what the men wanted might have been less than what Tatiana was looking for. She’d have to guard her reputation as much as she guarded Corianne’s.
“A letter came for you, child,” Aunt Linda said as the meal finished. Corianne perked up, gaze flashing to Tatiana. “Not you, darling, your cousin.” 
Corianne wilted while Tatiana blushed. Pyotr gave her a look emphasized by arched brows. “I’ll read it tonight, thank you, Aunt Linda,” Tatiana said. 
But when she picked up the letter and hurried upstairs, Corianne giggling on her heels, Tatiana found it wasn’t from any of the gentlemen who’d danced with her at the ball. 
“It’s from Phillip,” Tatiana said with disappointment as she looked at the name.
“Who’s Phillip?” Corianne asked, flopping on Tatiana’s bed. 
“A former Guard soldier. I met him when I helped plant the fields. He’s a farmer,” Tatiana confessed to her cousin.
“Oh well,” Corianne said with sympathy. “It’s only been a day since the ball. It would be indiscreet to receive a letter from an introduction so soon,” she added before giving Tatiana’s arm a squeeze and heading to her room.
Tatiana opened the letter anyway. By the time she’d finished half of it, she was smiling. She had to cover her mouth when she laughed near the end. The memory of the afternoon she’d met Phillip came back to her so strongly Tatiana could smell the turned earth warming in the sun and feel the welcome shade of the tree under which she’d sat. She shouldn’t answer back. She knew it. But all the writing materials were out from the afternoon’s fruitless task. Tatiana bit her lip and scurried down the hall. 
The next morning, the words to write to Secretary Eldridge finally arranged themselves on a page of their finest paper. It was a perfect warning, replete with assurances of discretion along with sentiment for a quick resolution. Corianne smiled as she read it, signing her name to the bottom with a lovely flourish. Tatiana addressed it and ran it to the post, slipping a second letter into the box without letting anyone see, especially Pyotr. 
The secrecy of it fluttered Tatiana’s heart, but she nearly forgot about it until two days later when a tap sounded on her window. Another sharp rap followed the first. It was dark, and Tatiana was reading before readying herself for bed. The house was silent, her brother and aunt tired from days tending the growing plants. Corianne was abed dreaming of her future. Only Tatiana was awake, her light a faint brightness in the house.
Tatiana went to the window of her upstairs bedroom as a stone hit the pane for a third time. “Careful, you’ll break it!” she hissed down to the figure barely visible in the darkness. He stepped into the light. Disappointment and pleasure mingled at the sight of Phillip. “What are you doing here?” she asked without thinking.
“I wanted to see you. It’s a beautiful night. Come out and sit with me. Please?” he asked. 
She should say no. She really should. “Okay. But if you don’t behave yourself, I’ll yell,” she warned. 
“I just want to talk, I promise.”
Tatiana smiled as she pulled closed her window. She swept a brush through her hair but refused to put on a nice coat. Instead, she grabbed her aunt’s most tattered shawl. Sneaking out with a young man was not wise, and there was no way she was going to lead Phillip on with fine things that weren’t really hers. 
He met her at the front gate separating the tiny yard from the drive. They stood on either side of the fence, Phillip appearing uncertain what to do now that Tatiana faced him.
“I forgot how beautiful you are,” he said just before she asked him again what he wanted. Tatiana blushed, heart flipping. “Please, walk with me down the road? We’ll stay in shouting distance of the house,” he added with a grin.
“Not far,” Tatiana said as Phillip held the gate for her. “It isn’t proper. Aunt Linda and Pyotr would be cross to find me out speaking to you.” 
“I know. Your letter said your aunt and brother didn’t approve,” Phillip said.
“Then why did you come sneaking about at night?”
“You sent me a note anyway,” Phillip replied. Tatiana groaned inwardly at her mistake. “Tell me you want me to leave, and I will. Just explain why you can’t see me first. They don’t like that I was a soldier?”
“Hah, no. Pyotr would have fought if he’d been old enough. No, they don’t like you are a farmer.” She left out the word poor.
“I’m not a farmer,” Phillip replied. “I’m a blacksmith.” Tatiana stared at him. Humor quirked Phillip’s lips, but there was hurt in his gaze as he added, “What? Didn’t think I could be a smithy with my injury?”
“No. I’ve never met a blacksmith before. I thought they were all huge, brawny men that could toss an ox around.” Phillip snorted he laughed so hard. “They’ll hear you,” Tatiana admonished, putting a hand against his mouth as she looked toward the house. When she glanced back at Phillip, his dark eyes were dancing beneath her fingers. She pulled her hand back, self-conscious. 
“How does it work, though, with your injury?” she asked since he had brought it up. 
Phillip shrugged. “I have strength in my arm. I just can’t bend it. I usually hold the tongs in my right hand and hammer with my left. It took some getting used to since I was right-handed ... before. But it isn’t so bad now. You’d be surprised.”
“I already am,” Tatiana admitted. “What do you make?”
“Brackets, horseshoes, knives, and even a few swords.”
“Really? Swords, that is ... remarkable. So why were you helping us plant then if you don’t have a farm?”
“That’s what we do, the former soldiers. We help each other. I help at planting and harvest. It’s actually a nice break from the forge. Though, I guess I’m sort of a farmer ... I’m building a vineyard.”
Tatiana really didn’t know what to think of Phillip anymore. “Grapes? Why?” she asked as they walked. The fields stretched into the dark in rows of crops growing well from days of midsummer sun beside them. Even at night the fields smelled of plants.
Phillip stopped, staring at the dark road below his feet. “I ... found some roots from an old vineyard during the war. It must have been a massive winery at one time. A blast had blown a hole in the middle, and there were all of these exposed roots. My grandfather grew a few grapes so I knew the rootstock might survive. I gathered what I could and sent it home.
“There are days,” he admitted, “that my elbow hurts too much to smithy. And that might grow worse in time. I just don’t know. So I’ve been cultivating the vines and learning about wine making. It’ll be something else for my future,” he said, looking at her with an earnest glance. When he finally looked away, he appeared embarrassed. 
She wished the night wasn’t so dark that she couldn’t tell if he’d blushed. She thought he might have. With a start, she realized how far they’d walked. “We should head back. It’ll be worse if they notice I’m gone and find me all the way down here.”
“Yes, because you aren’t supposed to be with me,” he replied.
“I don’t think I’m supposed to be running around the countryside at night with, or without, anyone!”
They walked slowly toward the house side by side. “That’s it, though. I’m still not good enough in your aunt and brother’s eyes,” he said. Tatiana didn’t comment. “It isn’t because of what I do or my injury, but because they want more for you than what I have to offer.”
“Phillip,” Tatiana began, stopping to face him. He took her hand.
“No. I understand,” he said before she found any words. “I want more for you too. I know you go with your cousin to the balls. I couldn’t even dance with you ... I couldn’t hold you properly with my arm.”
Tatiana felt she couldn’t breathe as tears stung her eyes. “I don’t want to disappoint them,” she confessed on an outrush of air. 
Phillip nodded though he kept her hand as they walked toward the farm. “Just tell me you have friends outside of that house?”
“Yeah,” she answered. “I have you.”





Chapter 23

THE BARON VASQUEZ
FAMILY

Everything was fine, but Byran couldn’t shake the feeling everything was wrong. Outside, Isabella walked across Kesmere’s lawn to the edge of the formal garden, wearing a flowing sundress and wide brimmed, white hat. Cerilla broke from the dignified pace with which she endeavored to mimic her mother to chase after her brother, carefree as any child. It should have been a perfect summer afternoon. But Byran felt tied in knots inside. 
“You are making me regret inviting her over,” Derrick said, joining Byran in front of the window overlooking the back of the estate. 
“I’m glad you did. You and she getting along was something I always wished ... before,” Byran replied. Derrick had the decency not to sigh or leave in irritation. Byran couldn’t say he’d have the same tolerance. “Why did she come here last night? You never said.”
“I told you she challenged me to gather information and look for leaks. Something happened, and she wanted to know if I knew any details,” Derrick explained.
“Obviously something happened,” Byran said flatly. The sight of Arinna dressed for combat had made him uneasy all night. It had been a truth he had never thought to have witnessed. “Did she say what?”
“No, I hadn’t learned much, and she only promised to tell me when I was correct,” Derrick replied. Byran felt the undertone of things left unsaid but did not question his friend. He didn’t have the energy for more revelations. Especially ones regarding Derrick and Arinna. 
“Pardon the interruptions, my lords. The Lady Grey has arrived. Shall I show her to the back garden?” the maid said from the doorway.
“Do you want to see her in?” Derrick offered.
“It’s your house; you should meet her,” Byran said, leaving to join his wife and children. This time, he did hear Derrick sigh. 
Byran waited in the shade next to the manor. Isabella was coming up the steps to join him when Derrick and Arinna emerged into the sun. Feeling outside of himself and his life, Byran watched his wife kiss Arinna on both cheeks in greeting, turning to call the children to meet the Lady Grey. Santi bowed, brown eyes too large for his young face. Cerilla managed a curtsey, but her eyes held curiosity at the woman standing before her who was so unlike her mother, down to the informal capris, sandals, and sleeveless blouse Arinna wore. Cerilla tugged at her skirt as if questioning the bulky material. Then Arinna’s sky blue eyes glanced over and found him. As always, he fell into them.
“How are you today, Byran?” she asked, holding out a hand as he walked to her. 
“Well enough,” he said, trying to remember he stood in front of his wife and children. “I’m glad you could join us. I hope things are well?”
Arinna glanced at the children, her gaze lingering before she replied, “They are at the moment. Let’s hope they remain so.”
“Come,” Derrick said, claiming Arinna’s hand from Byran. “I promised you tea and sunshine.” He tucked her hand into his arm as he walked down into the garden toward a cozy table set with linen blowing in the afternoon breeze.
“So you did. And it appears as if you took your task seriously, as usual,” she replied.
“Well, considering you were wearing a sword when I said it, I thought that best.”
Arinna’s mirthful glance toward Derrick was cut short by Cerilla prancing in front of them. “You have a sword?” she asked, softening her wistful expression after a furtive look at her mother. 
“I do. Actually, I have several,” Arinna answered Cerilla.
“Would you show me ... us?” Cerilla asked, grabbing her brother’s hand and dragging him to her side. “We pretend to sword fight and would love to see a real one,” Cerilla added quickly, blushing. 
“If your mother and father are not opposed, I’ll see what I can do,” Arinna promised. 
Cerilla grinned, bobbing another curtsey as she stepped back into the forest shadows at the edge of the lawn. 
“Do you have a gun?” Santi asked as Derrick showed Arinna her seat.
“I do. Several, actually,” she replied with an amused smile.
“I read a story where the hero had a gun that shot lasers. You should do that,” Santi said.
Arinna’s eyes glinted as she endeavored to keep a straight face. “We haven’t quite managed that yet, but I’ll let you know if we do,” she answered him.
“Go play,” Isabella said in exasperation. Santi raced toward his sister as she took off ahead of him across the lawn. 
“I’m sorry if that upset you,” Arinna said, her gaze jumping between Isabella and Byran. 
“I didn’t realize how aware of the fighting and the war they were,” Isabella said quietly. “I almost think it affects them less than us.”
“It is what they were born to and all they knew, but for the last few years. They’ve known more fighting than peace in their lives,” Arinna pointed out. 
Seeing the tears in his wife’s eyes sparked by Arinna’s words pressed Byran’s chest. He took Isabella’s hand, kissing it. The warm look she gave him was in thanks of more than a moment of comfort and more than he deserved. He could have sobbed. It was as if by touching her, Isabella’s grief for their children had passed to him and grown tenfold. Byran really did want his life set right again. Somehow. 
Afternoon tea was served, highlighted by laughter between Arinna and Isabella, Derrick joining in. But not Byran, he watched, isolated even while sitting at the table with the three people he loved the most in the world as his children played nearby.
“Really, a frisbee? Is that appropriate, my lord earl?” Arinna asked as her gaze caught on Santi and Cerilla. “Don’t you have a croquet set or something?”
Derrick cast her a haughty look. “They didn’t find it here, I assure you,” he said dryly, which set both Arinna and Isabella giggling. 
“I wish I had met you sooner,” Arinna said, taking Isabella’s hand. 
“So do I. I might have felt less anxiety over the years,” Isabella said. She waved a hand as if to chase away an unwanted thought. “Is it such a surprise we get along when Byran loves us both? We are either opposites or have much in common.”
Byran felt warmth flush him from head to toe, the heat lingering in some places longer than others. Isabella regarded her husband closely for a moment before turning to Derrick.
“I believe you said you would explain the garden layout to me, Derrick. If you would be so kind, I would like to hear that,” Isabella said. Derrick stood, offering his arm to Isabella. Talking together, they walked away leaving Byran alone at the table with Arinna.
“I am sorry I hurt you,” Arinna said once Derrick and Isabella were out of hearing. 
“I think it would be easier if you swore to never see me again,” he said without thinking. 
Arinna looked away, pressing her lips tight. “If that is what you want, I will do it. I will leave and not return. As selfish as it is, that is not what I want, though.” 
“Then why? What is it you want, Arinna? Tell me that. What do you expect me to do?”
She hesitated a moment, before turning to speak to him with her eyes glistening from tears. “There was a time I would have chosen to be with you if ...” She turned away, Byran guessing that even now she couldn’t speak of losing her husband. Byran took her hand. Despite his anger, a desire to comfort her ran above all else. 
Arinna ran her fingers from her free hand across her cheek before continuing, “But now I see how hopeless it is. Not to be together,” she added quickly as Byran went to speak. “But because what we feel for each other couldn’t last the reality of being together. I love you, dearly, but I couldn’t live with you, Byran. I’m old enough to recognize that now. I know love is not enough to keep you faithful, and I could never tolerate that. You are so lucky to have Isabella. And I am lucky to have you. But it must be as a very cherished friend, or I fear we’d lose everything, even each other in the end.”
Byran remained silent as she finished speaking, as she waited for him to say if she should leave or stay. 
“I hate how important the Guard is to you. It is worse than with Derrick,” he said. Her laughter caught on a sob in her throat. 
“That is exactly what I mean,” Arinna said, squeezing his hand before letting go. “It isn’t right we want to be with each other, but also want each other to change.”
Byran chuckled, the vibration breaking something loose in his chest. “No, it isn’t. I am lucky. I know it. Maybe I’ll understand it in a few days.”
“Do you want me to leave?” Arinna asked. 
“No. No, I don’t. And I am happy that you and Isabella get along and that you and Derrick ... get along very well.” Arinna blushed at the suggestion. For the first time, Byran smiled at that idea. It was not the reality he’d wanted, but it, as an alternative, was not horrible.
“Please, Mama. Can we not see a sword fight?” Santi was pleading as Isabella and Derrick walked back to the table with both children in tow.
“It is not up to me to say. I do not have a sword,” Isabella said in exasperation. “You must ask the Lady Grey.”
Both children begged. Arinna glanced at Byran and Isabella. “If you would not mind?” 
“Maybe if you show them a few moves they will stop giving each other bruises and black eyes in their attempts,” Byran said. 
Arinna chuckled. “I cannot promise that. Actually, if you would do me the favor, my lord earl. I have heard that you are quite a skilled swordsman. If you have a sword, would you do me the honor?”
Derrick, about to sit, froze flushing. “I would be honored,” he said, keeping his feet. “If you will give me a moment?”
It took both of them a few minutes to gather equipment, Derrick retreating into the house and Arinna going to the stables to claim her sword from her horse. That fact rippled a bout of nerves through Byran, which, in turn, made him appreciate what she’d said more. The potentials she accepted as normal frightened him to no end. 
Despite casual attire and laughter as they walked side by side to a spot on the back lawn when they faced each other both fell to tense seriousness. With the slightest of salutes, Arinna and Derrick circled each other. Derrick moved in first, Arinna’s blade met his with a sharp clash. A few more moves initiated by either snapped through the air with a pause of a heartbeat between each. 
Byran knew little about sword fighting, but he could guess they were testing each other. Apparently, that part was quickly over. Arinna flashed forward, spinning away as Derrick blocked her thrust. He stepped after her, blade rocketing forward, steady and fast. Arinna wasn’t there. The sudden pace had Byran’s heart hammering and wishing very much his two friends wore something other than clothing fit for a summer’s afternoon. The concentration as Derrick and Arinna faced each other unnerved Byran, causing him to rethink the friendship that had grown between them. Surely they had not faked months of amiable companionship. With the quick jabs and feints accompanied by serious expressions as they danced around each other with lethal weapons ready, Byran felt unsure. Derrick had disliked Arinna for a much longer time than the spring’s friendship.
But by what felt like sheer chance to Byran, both Arinna and Derrick never struck anything other than the other’s sword. Despite that, Byran was sweating as Arinna spun close to Derrick, ducked beneath his guard and stopped with her sword resting across his stomach. But it was the flat of her blade though that lay against his friend’s shirt. Arinna stood safely out of Derrick’s reach to his side and back.
Santi and Cerilla didn’t need to see any more. Their brief clapping ended as they peeled across the lawn toward the forest, Byran certain they meant to make sticks into swords. 
“That was unconventional,” Derrick said, panting.
“Are you surprised?” Arinna replied with a wicked grin that set Derrick smiling. 
“Not at all, the match is yours,” Derrick replied, bowing to her. 
“I am surprised. I would have thought you’d beat her,” a man standing on the stone patio overlooking the lawn said to Derrick. He wore the grey military uniform of the Guard, but his pose was far less rigid than his garment.
Derrick’s surprise turned to a welcoming smile. “Captain Vries,” Derrick said. “I’m pleased to see you again.”
“Lovely to know you would bet against me,” Arinna said as Captain Vries walked down to join them. 
“I would never bet against you, my lady. You’d have figured out some way to disarm him, I just didn’t think it would be so ... honest,” Captain Vries said to Arinna, shaking Derrick’s hand. “And it is Jared, assuming I can still call you Derrick.” Derrick assented with a nod. 
“Captain Vries, this is Baron Vasquez, his wife Isabella, and children. Well, the children are around,” Arinna said, shading her eyes as she realized their absence. 
“They’re looking for appropriate weapons. We won’t hear the end of their desire for sword fighting lessons, I fear,” Isabella replied. “Captain Vries, it is a pleasure.” 
Jared bowed over her offered hand, shaking Byran’s with an evaluating eye. Byran felt self-conscious of his lack of military service at that. But he caught amusement cross Derrick’s face, and the awkwardness passed. 
“They are about the same age as mine,” Jared said, nodding toward where Cerilla and Santi had emerged from the forest, each waving a stout stick. Byran flashed Arinna a look at that, but her attention was not on him.
“You have children, Captain?” Byran asked, remembering Arinna’s claim against marriage being allowed in the Guard.
Jared replied with a smile, “Three though I think my partner wishes we’d stopped at one.”
Arinna cast him an amused glance. “That is because you are not the one chasing them down every day. So I’ve been waiting to hear what this is about?” Arinna said to Jared. 
Jared shrugged. “We have some things to go over.”
“Then we should leave if it is important enough that you didn’t wait in Rhiol.”
Instead of nodding in agreement, Jared grinned, which set his green eyes dancing. Captain Vries was not anything like the military captain Byran had imagined, nor at all like the one Michael had been based on the times Byran had met Arinna’s late husband.
“Your note said you were at Kesmere,” Jared replied. “I thought it an opportunity to see Derrick again. Otherwise, it could have waited a few more hours.”
“Join us then, Captain,” Derrick offered. 
“Yes, join us. Perhaps for a demonstration? I could lend you my sword,” Arinna offered, her tight smile hinting at a challenge.
“I think not. I know the earl will beat me.”
“I’m out of practice,” Derrick protested.
“See, I think he might be better than you,” Jared said to Arinna. She snorted. “Actually, Derrick is an excellent swordsman and your neighbor. It makes an attractive opportunity for you to practice while away from Prague.”
Derrick blinked away surprise. “I would be honored if my lady so wishes it,” he hedged. 
Arinna didn’t glance toward Derrick. Her gaze remained locked on Jared’s, the two fighting just as assuredly as she and Derrick had with swords. Byran wasn’t certain how serious this fight was either. Arinna broke her gaze first, turning to Derrick with a practiced smile. “I’d be honored as well. We will have to work something out.”





Chapter 24

CAPTAIN JARED VRIES
CONFESSIONS

“Derrick here and armed. Have you gone mad, Captain, or do you wish me dead?”
“If he is a threat to you, then you are more out of practice than I feared,” Jared argued back though teasing in the hope of winning Arinna over. It wasn’t working. “I thought you were beginning to trust him?”
“Somewhat. You would make light of this, knowing who he is? Who his father is?”
“He is more than his father’s son,” Jared asserted. 
Arinna stared at him, steel in her blue eyes. “Are you certain of that? Certain enough to risk my life or to risk him seeing all of this? It will be difficult to hide a war from him if he stands in its secondary command center.”
Jared’s gaze bored into the floor at his feet. He trusted his instincts. “I am certain, but I’ll talk to him to make sure he knows the limits of what he can say.”
Arinna exhaled the laugh Jared had been trying to win. “Hedging your bets?”
“This will work out for the best. You will see.”
“You have never failed me before, Captain. I doubt you’ll start now,” Arinna replied, running a tired hand through her short curls. “I suppose it is no worse than any other rumor of Gerschtein’s that I’ve fallen into all summer.”
“He lives next door. I’m certain we can keep this quiet at least.” Arinna snorted at Jared’s comment.
There were days that Jared thought being Captain of the Guard and fighting a war Europe no longer knew existed was too much for him. Then he glimpsed Arinna, who felt the same way and had to smile in public at the same time. At least she spared him that. 
“Baron Vasquez is not quite what I expected,” he told her. 
“Hmmm ... do you mean you liked him more or less?” Arinna asked. 
They’d left an hour after Jared’s arrival, giving Jared a bit of time to reassure himself Derrick was the man he remembered: a good soldier and solid friend. The side benefit of meeting Byran as well had been highly unexpected.
“I wouldn’t have guessed you’d like someone ... non-military?” Jared replied, realizing his teasing was actually an accurate statement as he said it. “His wife and children are lovely, though.”
“Yes, I actually like Isabella,” Arinna said with a frown. She didn’t share the thought that spawned the expression though Jared could guess some of it. “And it is almost as much fun watching him deal with his children as it is you with yours.” 
“I think he was surprised that I had kids,” Jared said.
“Because he thought you were married,” Arinna said flatly. Jared jerked at the realization that ran on the heels of what she’d said. He looked at her intently, but she ignored him. That she and Byran’s relationship ran that deep wasn’t something he’d expected or that she’d let on. “And seriously, everyone is surprised you have children. If it were any other woman than Maureen, I’d worry the war would be exposed, or she’d be demanding blackmail. She should be Prime Minister the way she handles everything.” 
“Don’t ever tell her that,” Jared warned, sending Arinna laughing. The wicked glint in her eye was not reassuring. 
“Enough, we’ve put whatever brought you here off too long. I’m hoping there is at least some good news to go along with it? Did you find our leaks?”
“Leak. Yes, just one. A younger recruit, one that joined up since the war ended and is part of the Defensive force in Europe under Lieutenant O’Dell. He has a friend in Command that said a little too much on occasion. Apparently some of our soldiers forget that one branch of the Guard is not supposed to know about the other. The boy didn’t understand what he was shooting his mouth off about.”
“Since he was probably rather young during the war and missed his chance to play hero and has been told the war is over, he probably had no idea what he was going on about,” Arinna said with a sigh.
“Yeah, that about sums it up.” Jared felt the weight of the impossibilities he had to live and work within.
“What did you do to him?” Arinna asked, amused again.
“He’ll be defending some crop fields on the outer edges of Norway for a bit,” Jared replied, slightly envious of the young man. Guarding farm fields really didn’t sound too bad a job most days. “And Command staff are under strict discipline until they remember what they see and hear is not to leave the building.” 
“Well, that is one problem dealt with. So I will call it good news. What else?”
“A twofold one,” Jared said, leaning against a console. “A few of the FLF prisoners are actually talking.”
Arinna straightened. “That is new. These are the ones from the fake base?”
“Yes. You won’t like what they have to say. Though I don’t think you’ll be surprised, MOTHER might be. But if half of what they are saying is true, we still have a fight ahead of us.”
“What they’ve had to say is as bad as that?”
“I went to ask myself when I heard two were talking. We’ll need to verify the information, which we’ll be able to do when Kehm gets the last of the satellites scanning this week. But from their stories, the FLF have control over most of the remaining arable land and resources in Asia as well as three potential cities.”
“They could be lying,” Arinna said, crossing her arms. 
“Yeah, but considering they were begging to be allowed to immigrate and were crying just to be told they wouldn’t be shipped back to the FLF work camps, which is the punishment for failed soldiers by the way, I’m not disbelieving them. They seemed to think Europe was a mecca of peace and freedom. I think they might be right.”
Arinna was quiet a moment. “Work camps?” she finally asked. 
“Like what we saw in Central America: resource extraction and farming with poor living conditions.”
“And the goods go?”
“One of the three cities. Crystal City is one, Irkrist the other and, Zuànshi the third. They are where the elite leaders of the FLF live in luxury,” Jared told her.
“Oh, I want to go there,” Arinna said, eyes glinting. 
“We’ll find them. These soldiers have never seen any, but they say Irkrist is north and west, like what you thought. The others, they were not sure about.”
Arinna was pacing again. “This week?” she asked. Jared nodded, knowing she meant the satellites. “Did they know anything of North America or the work camps over there?”
“Not much. Rumors of rumors mostly,” Jared said with a frown. “They didn’t seem to know much about who they worked for as it is. They mostly monitored the work camps. They were sent to build and man the fake base three months ago.”
“That is something, but not much. They seem to know about as much as the Defensive Guard,” she said. “Anything else?” she asked.
“You are expecting more?”
She huffed a laugh. “You know I am. The next test results are due. Tell me you have them.”
Jared grinned. “I do. It worked. The shield held in testing.”
Arinna’s smile matched his. “Finally. I knew we’d figure it out eventually. And it was a full-scale test?” Jared nodded. “I want it installed on my dactyl. The power cells should be strong enough to handle generating the shield for a short time.”
Jared shook his head. “A few successful tests doesn’t mean the technology is ready for deployment.”
“Don’t give me that, Jared. This is what we’ve been trying to recreate that crazy phenomenon for. If we’d—” Arinna stopped, swallowing her thoughts as she looked away. A breath later, she continued though her eyes shone with moisture. “We need this for our planes and the transports. Then we can also protect ground troops.” 
There was no way he could argue with her on that. 
“That just leaves MOTHER. Well Miralda more specifically,” Jared said.
“Has she contacted you again?”  
“Nothing specific. Just assurances that MOTHER supports me and pleased that I am the one bringing in reports, which has been lovely by the way.”
Arinna smirked. “I’m sure. It has been a lovely break. Kehm hasn’t turned up anything on his surveillance of her?” Jared shook his head. Arinna sighed. “Either she is bluffing us and this whole spring has been chance or she is more clever than I thought.”
Jared watched her muse for a moment. “Eldridge had no insight when you spoke to him?”
“Nothing helpful. Admittedly I hardly told him everything. And you’ve seen nothing to indicate a move by MOTHER if they are actually behind this?”
“It is as you said, MOTHER seems divided, split between Gerschtein and Eldridge. But I’ve only spoken to them briefly, and I don’t trust any of them.”
“Nor I. If I did, I might have told Eldridge more and might be willing to trust his son,” Arinna said with a pointed look. 
Jared didn’t mind the need to stay in Rhiol in order to arrange a time to speak to Derrick. It was almost a vacation, something he hadn’t really had in eight years, to be out in the countryside. Even within Rhiol there was no obvious sign of the war unless you went into its depths. The next day he joined Arinna on a morning ride, trying to calm instincts misfiring and loving that there was no reason to be jumpy. The mist was mist, not gun smoke. A rustling was due to a startled squirrel. Finally pausing on a ridge to a view of still lakes under a dawn sky, he regarded the quiet farms and cottages. 
“I used to feel bad that you had to fight and pretend not to, but not anymore. Not when you get this too.” 
“Good. Then I shall invite you to the next ball. Have you learned to dance yet?” 
Jared snorted at her teasing tone. “What the earl hasn’t asked you yet?” he shot back.
“The only thing I’m going to talk to you about Derrick is to ask if you’ve spoken to him yet,” she warned. 
“Fine. Let’s swing by so I can set up a time.”
For a fairly simple request, finding a time Derrick was free turned out not to be easy. A promised outing with Byran and his family had Derrick tied up for the day. While Jared appreciated the peace of the countryside, he was anxious to return to base. Pretending to not be at war felt like a treacherous pastime that led to not taking the distant fighting serious enough. Like MOTHER was doing.
Jared rode to Kesmere alone that evening, Derrick meeting him at the front door. Unlike the day before, Derrick’s hair was rumpled and shirt unbuttoned at the collar. He looked tired and not so much like the aristocrat that had hosted the afternoon gathering. Jared felt much more relaxed.
“Long day?” Jared asked. 
“I’m not used to kids,” Derrick admitted with a chagrined smile as he led Jared toward the back of the house, which was quiet in the way a house could be when tired children, and exhausted parents, had found their bed.
“I don’t think there is any getting used to them. Or maybe you do just about the time they become teenagers,” Jared replied. 
Derrick snorted as he closed the door to a small study lined with books and holding a desk along with two chairs set near a small fireplace. “We’ll have privacy in here. Everyone else is asleep,” Derrick told Jared. “Drink?”
“No,” Jared replied, turning on his heel to take in the room out of habit. Memorizing exits had become a hobby.
“So you are on duty then,” Derrick said, waving Jared to a chair. Jared paused in the act of sitting, tossing Derrick a glance before relaxing back. “Arinna is the same way. It is a good judge of her mood.”
Jared laughed. “I never noticed that. Probably because we don’t keep alcohol in Command. I’ll have to rethink that,” he said with a grin. 
“I’ll give you a bottle to take back,” Derrick offered. He paused, sipping from the glass he’d poured himself. “Well Captain, you asked to see me?”
“And you can’t guess why?” Jared asked, unable to curtail a desire to draw out information even when the person sitting across from him was a friend.
Derrick shrugged. “Oh, it could be anything from the contacts Arinna challenged me to develop to reminiscing about the war. Though since you asked for privacy and are not drinking, I’m guessing not the latter.”
“Actually, it is about my suggestion to have you practice sword fighting with Arinna that I made the other day.”
“That requires a private meeting? I figured if you were serious, she and I would meet either here or in Rhiol. It has a good courtyard.”
“It isn’t that easy. This is not mere sport ... and it is best to keep it out of anyone’s notice,” Jared said. 
Derrick frowned. “What kind of offer is this?”
“To practice sword fighting with the Lady Grey. You are the best swordsman I know, and since the war I’ve met many who picked up a sword and called themselves that. But she is here in Rhiol more than in Command, and she needs to stay ready.” Jared cut off his sentence before he said more. Derrick watched him as if waiting for the information Jared held back.
“She was injured earlier this spring during a fight,” Derrick stated.
Now they were getting into territory that would piss Arinna off. “You noticed that? I wasn’t sure if you were friends then.”
“We weren’t. Well, she was a friend of Byran’s. I’d just learned that. He noticed she was injured. She didn’t say where or how.”
“Nor will I.”
“But wherever or however it was, you are worried she is not practicing enough away from Command.”
“You could phrase it that way,” Jared hedged. 
“And simply the act of possibly practicing sword fighting with her is enough to require a private meeting to warn me to what? Maintain secrecy?” Derrick asked. 
This wasn’t going as well as Jared had hoped. “You have no idea how tenuous her situation is,” Jared snapped at his former brother-in-arms.
“Tenuous? She is your commander, the leader of the armed forces. I hardly see that as a fragile position,” Derrick shot back.
Jared looked away from Derrick’s irritated glare. Perhaps Arinna was right to worry because the look in Derrick’s eye matched one Eldridge had given him less than a month before. He pushed the thought and memory aside. He trusted Derrick, and whether Arinna admitted it or not, this was something she needed.
 Derrick’s expression was more serious than hot headed when Jared turned back to him. “Yes, but she isn’t an officer. She has never been officially recognized as the commander. I am. She leads because we choose to follow her.”
“That doesn’t seem so uncertain to me. Rather I’ve heard some people say the opposite; it is rather worrisome.”
Anger flashed through Jared before he could control it. He rose to his feet and paced to the two windows set behind the desk, staring at the dark world without taking note of it. 
“Is that what you think?” Jared asked, watching Derrick’s expression in the reflection.
Derrick’s jaw flexed, but his eyes lost the accusing glare. He ran a hand through his mussed hair. “No, not really. I barely know her, but she is not at all what I expected.”
Jared turned back to face Derrick. “You know politics are involved as well as I do. The Guard supports her, but there are always younger soldiers who think they know better, or older who would rather follow rules and die. There were enough of those during the war. And I don’t think I need to mention some members of parliament to you.”
“No, you don’t need to remind me of parliament ... or those who manipulate parliament. I know too well that they are a nest of ill will. Tell me, Captain, what is it you want?”
Derrick looked worn out and like he very much just didn’t want to be used in someone else’s game. The day of refuge in Rhiol settled around Jared with a snap. Kesmere, a place away from Eldridge’s games, away from the Guard, just away. Now Jared understood and could appreciate what he was asking of Derrick.
“What happens and what you see in Rhiol is not to go beyond its walls. I’m putting my trust in you. I know you deserve it.”
Derrick met Jared’s gaze for a long moment. “That is all?” Jared nodded. “Yes, I promise.” Derrick looked away, but if anything his expression was more troubled than before. Jared waited, knowing truth came to the surface best in silence. 
“I want this, Jared, Captain,” Derrick began. “I ... nearly contacted you during the war. Lieutenant Averys was just waiting for my word. But I knew my father would never let me re-enlist. I’ve regretted that I never tried to rejoin every day since the war ended. I know there is more going on than the Lady Grey says. I swear I won’t ask, and I will tell no one. You can trust me, Captain. I belong to the Guard.”
Jared held out a hand, which Derrick rose to take. “Come to Rhiol tomorrow afternoon. It’s good to have you back, Sergeant.”





Chapter 25

SECRETARY DAVID ELDRIDGE
NEW MOTIVATIONS

David Eldridge read over the letter in his hands once more. Even after three days, he couldn’t read the beautiful handwriting without a rush of anger. There seemed to be a lot of things Ms. Prescot hadn’t been telling him of late. That she was having an affair with his son, at least by all public signs, wasn’t one he appreciated hearing from a stranger. Not that the rumor would have been one he’d ever wanted to hear. It had at least managed to finally make David contact Danielle for the discussion her father had asked David to have with the young woman.
Danielle breezed into David’s study with almost the same amount of familiarity as her father, Renault. She’d even outpaced the maid who had been sent to escort her through the house. There was quite a lot that David needed to speak to Danielle about. All seemed to involve propriety or at least the appearance of it. 
The maid arrived red-cheeked where she paused at the door. “Bring tea, Clara, and please close the door,” David instructed. 
Danielle remained standing in the center of the room until the door clicked closed. She sauntered over to David, her long raincoat slipping open to reveal a slip of a dark dress. Ignoring the letter David still held in his hand, Danielle leaned over to brush her lips across his, lingering in a tease of anticipation. 
“Is the man you are seeing that Renault knows about me or is there another?” David asked.
Danielle flinched before she straightened, but she’d composed herself to laugh it off by the time she claimed a chair opposite his desk. “So this is going to be that sort of conversation?” she asked, removing her coat before sitting. 
“How is your father?” David asked blandly as Clara entered again, carrying a tray of tea and biscuits. 
Danielle gave him a temperamental smile as she responded. “Some of his strength has returned, which has surprised the doctors. Obviously, they don’t know how determined he can be.”
“So, is there someone else?” David asked when they were alone again.
“Are you jealous I’ve found another lover?” Danielle asked.
“No. I simply would like to know how much Renault has guessed. It impacts decisions that I must make.”
“Ah yes, you, my father, and MOTHER,” Danielle said. She looked away with a shrug. “There is someone else.”
David had expected that answer. The self-conscious girl he had met at her brother’s funeral would never have breezed into his study, wearing a dress more see-through than not, much less try to kiss him like that. Still, it hurt. 
“You have to break it off,” David said flatly.
Danielle laughed. “Why? You are jealous, aren’t you?”
“My son, your fiancé, is seeing someone else. That is why.”
Danielle flicked her fingers. “Why would I care about that? I hardly need him anymore. My father will be dead soon, and then I will not need this sham engagement to hide behind.”
“Yes, your father will be dead, and you will be left with a nice inheritance and the name of a great legacy, though a dead one. As long as you don’t have any greater ambitions than that, I suppose you are correct. Or perhaps this young man has other prospects besides skill in the bedroom?”
Danielle scowled, but he could see she was unnerved by the wideness of her eyes. Whoever this other boy was, he didn’t have much to offer her. Certainly not the protection Danielle craved. 
“And do not think you will have me,” David added as she glanced at him with a coy smile.
“You still need me. My father is dying so you will lose his support for Prime Minister. I’ve seen the others who are part of MOTHER. They all want to lead Europe. You will need the support of parliament to win that position and that, I believe, is why you placed me as a senator.”
David laughed though he kept it kind for her sake. She blushed. “Truly, my dear, you and my son as members of parliament are two of my, and your father’s, greatest disappointments. Derrick hasn’t attended in years, and, though you attend every session, I would hardly say you are active. Have you ever even read any of the issues you vote on?”
“It hardly seems to matter when the only things that are acted upon are the ones MOTHER chooses,” Danielle snapped. “I could become very interested in the move to have new elections.”
“Please do, as it would be interesting to see if you’d be elected. Then you could truly fade the le Marc name into obscurity. However, I’m rather certain I would manage to at least retain some power. Not to mention, as you pointed out, if the remainder of MOTHER does not wish for elections the proposal will never come to pass. I don’t need you, dear. I’ve hardly wasted the years waiting for you or my son to save me.”
Danielle looked away, her expression the way he remembered her: sad and a little lost. She touched a fingertip below her lashes before asking, “So what do you recommend I do?”
“I might not need you to rescue me, but perhaps you can save my son. You might be able to help each other.”
“As you and my father set us up to do all those years ago?” 
“And more possibly. Who knows what the two of you could accomplish if you worked together. Young, rich, beautiful and in charge of a new Europe? I certainly pegged better hopes on both of you than tawdry affairs or locking oneself up in a dingy manner in northern England.”
Danielle stared at David. He could feel her mind working behind her grey eyes. Danielle rebelled if you forced anything on her. But if it was her idea, or she thought it was at least, then she’d drive through a war to save someone. David had seen it firsthand. 
“I’ll think about it,” Danielle said, haughtily. 
David hid a smile as he stood. He held out a hand as if it were a business meeting though he did lean over and give her a kiss on her cheek. He would miss her. She did so love to do things she thought would piss her father off. 
As if reading his mind, Danielle’s eyes glinted as she hesitated before stepping away. She was teasing and coy; David envied his son the bride being sent to his door. Not that Derrick would realize the gift. But damn it, Danielle was a better choice than Arinna Prescot.
After she left, the smell of her perfume lingered. That along with the light in Danielle’s eyes and the revealing dress, oh, and that kiss, made sitting placidly at his desk impossible. So he did the one thing he knew would chill his heat. He called Danielle’s father, Renault le Marc.
“She’s left?” Renault asked instead of offering a greeting when he picked up the phone. 
“Just. Don’t be surprised if she wants to head to England for the remainder of the summer,” David told him.
Renault took a full breath without coughing. Danielle hadn’t lied about her father’s health improving. “Good. I owe you a debt for that. At least that plan is falling into place. Now, what are we going to do about Miralda and her games?”
“If you are referring to Miralda’s desire to remove Arinna from the Guard, I have no issue with that,” David answered. He’d expected the conversation to distract him, not to send ice water through his veins.
Renault’s silence was stormy. “Up until this moment, you’d seemed to support her on the council.” 
“Not always. You know that. I never liked the direction she took the war.”
“You mean the war she won?” Renault asked, amusement crackling over the syllables. “Now why have you changed your mind? Did you remember she once worked for you and has so thoroughly upstaged you?”
“I think she is stalling on what she has seen outside of Europe and refusing to allow us access to satellites. The implication of a new form of HALO could be a ruse to keep us from looking beyond our borders, seeking outside assistance—”
“You sound more delusional than Miralda,” Renault replied. There was a wheeze to his breath again. “Ms. Prescot controls the armed forces, David. Are you certain you want to join with Miralda Gerschtein to remove the Lady Grey?”
For the first time in days, David felt the tightness of anxiety fade. He was sure. “Honestly, I don’t think she has much of an armed force left to defend herself with.”
Renault gave him no answer. An angry silence was followed by a terse reply. “I should prepare for Danielle’s arrival.” 
David laughed as Renault hung up on him. The man’s vision was limited. When there had been fighting in Europe, or just on the edge of her borders, then Arinna had been useful. Most useful after her husband’s death when she’d no longer protected his missions and safety more than she’d protected Europe. 
But now, the fighting was distant and created not by the FLF seeking to penetrate Europe, but, if what Arinna said was true, in an effort to simply kill or capture Guard soldiers. The FLF were turning to protect wherever it was they called home. Which meant the FLF was nervous. A deal for peace could be reached if he could find them. 
David didn’t need Miralda’s help. Her plans could remove Arinna, even if they seemed to be unfurling slower than the war. Still the rumors had picked up. He’d heard gossip and discrediting here in Prague. What David needed to work on was controlling what would be the step after that. Until then, Arinna could continue a slow fight with whatever soldiers remained to her. He was just damn well sure one of them would not be his son.
It took David a few days to wheedle his way back into Guard security, reminding everyone that he was officially the Secretary of Defense. Having access to information on the armed forces was exactly what he was supposed to be doing. But the Guard had been loyal to Arinna and Captain Vries long enough that their silent wall was difficult to crack. With time, he’d find a way to access the satellites and reports. David was certain of it.
Pacing his study, he paused at his desk, seeing the forgotten letter lying on the corner. The flourished script caught his attention. He picked it up, looking this time at the name and careful handwriting. A faint whiff of perfume like English roses graced the fine paper. Dame Corianne Heylor, the name meant nothing to him. The title Dame had made him consider her old, a nosy, aged woman gossiping about the improprieties of his son. 
But the handwriting was too sure and smooth, like young skin without blemish. He read the letter again, noting the subtle hints of admiration for Derrick. This Corianne might just be younger than he’d assumed.
David did have connections around the countryside where Derrick lived. He’d made contacts as soon as his son left the base in France to retreat to the estate, refusing to answer David’s calls and letters. David made a few social calls, hinting he might be visiting, asking after acquaintances, and commenting on his son’s friends Byran and this Corianne. It didn’t take long to learn a bit of her story, and the rumors of her ambitions. 
At the end of the day, David sat down at his desk and pulled out a piece of stationery. Carefully, he began a letter in reply.





Chapter 26

THE EARL OF KESMERE
INVITATION TO RHIOL

The sword reverberated in his hand, loosening Derrick’s grip. Arinna saw the weakness and struck again. He parried it poorly, barely knocking aside the worst of the force. Arinna drove him back with a quick volley, ground that Derrick gave unwillingly. It had been a long time since anyone had tested his every move. Fighting Arinna was more of a challenge than he had imagined. He loved it. And he was learning too.
With a quick snap, he knocked her legs out from under her. She fell hard on the mat but sent a well-placed kick that Derrick didn’t expect. He stumbled backwards, tripping to land next to her with a laugh. 
Arinna lay on her back a moment, catching her breath. Finally, she glanced over at Derrick. “I’m sorry for the kick. That was undeserved.”
Derrick grinned. “No harm, and it is still my point, in either case, which makes it twice I beat you today.”
“Yes, and I’ve beaten you three times,” she rejoined but chuckled at his joy. “You are getting a little less traditional in your fighting.”
“I’ve learned from your unconventional moves,” he said, rolling to his feet. And he had. In the week and a half they’d sparred together though today made only the fourth practice session, he’d learned that Arinna wasn’t worried about form. She meant to win, and most of the time her tactics were a surprise.
He held out a hand to her though he knew she didn’t need his help to spring back to hers. There was only a slight hesitation before she accepted his offer and allowed herself to be leveraged upwards. He walked away, picking up his dropped sword to prove he meant nothing but friendship by it.
Arinna swung the match out of her arms while stretching her back. She hadn’t lost her sword, keeping hold of it as she fell, Derrick noted ruefully. It had been too long since he’d fought where the consequence of failure would be death. 
“To fight like that, you see more battles than Captain Vries let on,” Derrick said. Arinna flicked him an amused glance but said nothing. Always challenges with her. “I can’t imagine he is that worried you don’t get enough practice over the summer.”
“I think he wishes I got less,” Arinna said, running her hand through her short curls. Before the statement could fully hit, she added, “Perhaps Jared asked you here to get you back in shape, and it has nothing to do with me?”
“Hah, how lovely. My father would have him court-martialed if he knew. At least you know I have as much incentive as you to keep this private, my lady.” Derrick nodded toward the space at the far end of the room that housed more computers and screens than he’d seen since the base in France during the war. 
“Arinna,” she said. “I told you there is no formality here. If you don’t listen, I will make you fight in a suit!” 
Derrick laughed. “Only if you fight in a dress.”
Her grin was wicked. “I’ve done it before. Shall we go again?”
Reluctantly, Derrick shook his head. “I still have appearances to maintain, alas. I have company this evening. Actually, if I remember correctly, I think I invited you?”
“That’s tonight?” Arinna asked, her surprised expression genuine enough to make Derrick pause. Which is when he saw her half smile. 
“I’ll remember not to invite you again, in that case,” he said ruefully. 
She joined him as he walked to the stairs through the small wine cellar, Derrick careful to keep his curious gaze away from the electronics. Snooping wasn’t why he was in Rhiol, and he certainly didn’t want to give the wrong impression. 
“I’ll be there. I won’t even be late. And I’ll wear a dress,” she said brightly as they emerged into the kitchen. “Do you want anything before you go? Water? We shouldn’t have practiced this long today. It really did slip my mind your party is tonight.” 
He paused amid the spacious, and what looked to be completely unused, stone countertops of the kitchen. Reality blurred. Arinna, dressed in a white T-shirt and yoga pants, sweaty with hair thoroughly disheveled, appeared unlike a military commander or a fine lady acquainted with society. The setting felt unconnected to the aftermath of a war that altered lifestyle so much that he lit oil lamps as if born to a time before electricity. If life had been different, and he’d stood this close to her ...
Derrick turned away, surprised at his own thoughts and wishing to hide any indication of them that might have flickered across his face. “You should host a party yourself,” he said putting some distance between them.
“Here? In Rhiol?”
“Why not? It would be expected, and the lack of one will be noted eventually. The ground floor is benign enough to pass inspection. I, Byran and I,” Derrick quickly corrected, “could help pull it off. It is a shame you don’t have a better garden though an early fall event could work well with the trees,” he added, finding his gaze on her again. She looked at him with amusement.
“I’ll consider it. Are you sure you’ll have nothing?”
He remembered her offer for water. “A glass,” he agreed, hoping it would clear his mind though he knew the best thing would be to leave. But he didn’t want to. Byran would kill him if he knew that.
She poured two, walking across the room to hand him his. She stood at his elbow, leaning with her hip against the countertop as she gazed out the window. Birds chirped sedately from the deep shade of trees, the sound filtering in from the open casements.
“I haven’t seen Rhiol in the fall. It will probably be pretty in an austere sense.”
“Put out some pumpkins, paper lanterns, and mums and it would look quite charming. Especially at night.”
Arinna laughed, a real laugh that made her eyes dance. “Or like the setting for a haunted house. Which could be a different option?”
“I can’t remember the last time there was a good masked Halloween ball. You know you will have to host one now?”
“I’m sure you’ll manage to talk me into it,” she said, shaking her head though her eyes still sparked with gaiety. “Unless you are going to dress like a vagabond for your party tonight, you had better go.”
“If you are ordering me, my lady, I shall depart,” Derrick said with a bow.
“You are not one of my soldiers,” she said, pausing as the humor fell from her expression.
“Arinna?” Derrick asked; he took her arm without thinking. To his surprise, she blushed.
“I ... it’s nothing. Silly. I need to speak to Jared before leaving for Kesmere. I promise I won’t be late,” she said though the teasing sounded forced compared to the moment before. “You can see yourself out?”
A handful of phrases fought in his mind: comfort, defense, and annoyed acceptance at the dismissal. “I will re-enlist if that is what it takes for you to trust me. Jared might have called me Sergeant, but he wouldn’t actually take my oath. I’ll swear it to you, now.”
He held Arinna’s gaze for a long heartbeat. “I believe you would,” she answered before the seriousness in her expression fell away. “But you forget, I’m not technically part of the Guard either so making an oath to me would only serve to piss off Jared ... and your father. I have enough problems with him; I don’t need to add that one.”
Arinna took his hand, squeezing his fingers before letting go. “It isn’t lack of trust that I don’t tell you what this is about. The good Captain is cleverer with his jokes than I realized. It’s been awhile since he did something I didn’t see coming.”
Derrick left it at that though he was no less curious. The ride home through the early August warmth added more sweat to his dampened clothes, making him grateful of the shortcut through the woods between Rhiol and Kesmere. He would have no explanation of his improper attire if caught on the main road. Derrick had a secret life. He was accepted, if not a part of, the Guard once again. His spirits soared until he remembered the other thing and Byran. He spent the rest of the short ride fussing about hurting his friend.
“Finally remembered you are hosting a party tonight?” Byran asked Derrick when he arrived at Kesmere. “I thought I’d have to come collect you from Rhiol or make excuses when the first guests arrived.” 
Isabella shot her husband a dark look. “Ignore him,” she said to Derrick.
The tension of Byran and Isabella’s marriage coupled with Byran’s attitude after the gratitude Derrick had felt toward both of them earlier rankled. “Not now, Byran,” Derrick snapped, walking past his friend to head upstairs. 
An hour later, having showered, dressed, and checked the arrangements, Derrick felt more himself and grateful once again. Isabella’s careful eye had added detail to the decorations and menu that Derrick would have overlooked. Byran too, used to entertaining at his estate of Merimarche in Spain, had acted the lord of the manor in Derrick’s absence. Derrick really shouldn’t have gone to Rhiol today, but he couldn’t stay away. 
The late afternoon sun blazed in a blue sky. The estate rested in a brief lull between preparedness and the first guest’s arrival. Twitchy, Derrick paced to his study overlooking the garden full of tables, flowers, and lanterns ready to be lit. He poured himself a glass of Scotch but set it down after raising it to his lips. 
“Do you like her because she is with the Guard or because of who she is?” Byran asked from behind him. 
“You make it sound like the two are separate,” Derrick answered without turning. Byran snorted.
“Fine. Are you over there because you miss the Guard or because of her?” Byran asked instead, walking over and picking up the Scotch Derrick had abandoned. 
The question hung between him. 
“Her,” Derrick finally answered. “Byran, I—”
“No. Don’t make excuses,” Byran snapped, setting the glass down with a hard click. He paced away before turning back. “I have loved her for over ten years. And no, it isn’t fair. I have Isabella. I love her and my family. I cannot have both. I know that ...” Byran clawed fingers through his curls. 
“Leave it,” Derrick told Byran, placing both hands on his shoulders. “You’ll look like a madman when the guests arrive.”
“There’s a rumor we haven’t tried,” Byran said with a sigh. “I have no right to tell you to leave her alone.”
“And you assume she would have any interest in me? We are not together. This is not something we’ve discussed, and the politics of it are all wrong,” Derrick said, the excuses he’d found flowing one after the other.
Through the open windows, horses neighed to new arrivals. Byran picked up the Scotch and drained it. “I know her too. She does like you. I’ve seen the way she looks at you,” he said as he walked to the door. “But it might be worth it if you finally get rid of Danielle.”
“Then tell me, you offered Arinna everything. I know it. She cares for you. Why did she say no?” Derrick asked.
Byran stared at his feet. “Because I hate that she is military, and she hates I sleep around. I don’t want to accept it, but she has a point. Affection would not survive that. The two of you, though, you’d do well.” Byran frowned when he spoke, taking away the depth of the sentiment.
Voices clamored down the hallway, highlighted by Isabella’s laughter. The party he wasn’t ready for had begun. Neither he nor Byran was there. 
“Come on, we’ll figure it out later. If there is anything to figure out. We are probably both simply making fools of ourselves,” Derrick said, taking Byran’s elbow to haul him out of the room. 
“A return to old times then?” Byran asked in a spate of humor. Derrick grinned back. For the craziness of it all, Derrick had to admit he loved life again. It was a nice change. 
The party was over three-quarters of an hour old when Arinna paused in the door leading to the garden. Derrick watched, fighting an urge to join her. As host, he’d moved between the three-dozen attendees already while checking on the details he’d ignored all day. Food was being brought to the tables, and the musicians were setting up on the stone patio above the formal garden. Taking care of both so that Isabella didn’t have to was the best thanks he could give her. So it was another fifteen minutes before his attention was free, and Derrick turned to find Arinna approaching. 
“I thought it best to forgo manners to thank you for the invitation until you looked unencumbered with details,” Arinna said, offering her hand. 
“Thank you for accepting the invitation,” Derrick said with a formal bow. “You look lovely though I liked the exercise pants better,” he added in an undertone. 
Arinna stifled a laugh, glancing away as she blushed. “Things must be going well for you to be in such a mood.”
“Or they could be such a disaster, and I’ve given all hope of salvaging the evening,” he countered, offering his arm. She placed her hand on his forearm, walking beside him as he led the way across the garden. “Would you like a drink?” She nodded acceptance and gave him a questioning look when he smiled. He shook his head. “Did you talk to the Captain and solve the issue bothering you?”
Arinna took the glass of wine he offered, sipping from it as the musicians began a sedate piece to warm up. “Yes. Sometimes his perceptions are not as misplaced as I imagine. He speaks highly of you and sent his thanks for a bottle of cognac?” Arinna gave him an amused glance. 
“I didn’t realize he was such a fan,” Derrick replied, dodging the question.
“You’d be surprised,” she said, more serious than teasing. “My lord, may I ask you a question?” 
Arinna’s expression was one of pleasant chatter, but her eyes were somber. It made him glance nearby to see that most people were gathered in small knots enjoying the food and company. Where they stood opposite the musicians, no one was within earshot. 
“Of course.”
She hesitated to speak, biting her lip as she glanced across the garden. The summer sun glowed in golden bliss, painting the flowers and hedges into ethereal timelessness. Arinna took a steadying breath. 
“Renault le Marc, you know him. Do you trust him?” she asked, blinking quickly before she turned her gaze to Derrick.
Derrick’s mind had gone blank. It was the last person he expected to hear her mention. The direction the answer lay in was not one he wanted to wander down, not tonight. Derrick couldn’t hold her sincere gaze. He looked away, watching Corianne accepting a drink from a man whose name Derrick couldn’t recall though he’d spoken to him minutes before.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked,” Arinna said, her hand loosening on his arm. 
“No,” he said, placing his hand over hers before she slipped away. “It’s fine. I ... it just took me by surprise.” He smiled at her, finding real warmth in the automatic action when he met her sky blue eyes. “I cannot say I really know him. I know what Danielle has said, but she is trying to manipulate me on his behalf, as much as her own. He is cunning and careful, beyond that, I don’t know him at all. Why?”
Arinna’s face flickered with emotions: surprise, consternation, and bafflement. Derrick started to chuckle as Arinna went to speak and then stopped, staring at him again. She blushed; a deeper rose this time. 
“I did not expect quite that answer,” she said, giving him a sidelong glance. “I would say there is a lot more there to be told.”
“I’ll tell you another time when we can have drinks and can talk without pending interruptions.” Derrick nodded to a frantic server hovering near a table. “You cannot tell me why you mention him?” 
“He told Jared something, something troubling.”
“You don’t believe it?”
“I’m afraid to,” she answered, voice a breathy whisper. 





Chapter 27

TATIANA GREKOV
CORIANNE’S OFFER

“A letter came for you, Corianne,” Aunt Linda said as dinner wound down. 
Corianne, still sulking from dozens of imagined slights, and a few real ones, that occurred at the evening party at Kesmere estate two days before, perked at the news. Tatiana flashed her cousin an excited smile. The round of parties as the summer reached its height had become exhausting, and even though follow-up invitations for luncheons or more private dinners added to the cramped schedule, any new invitation brought hope. 
“May I be excused, Mama?” Corianne asked as she rose. 
Corianne’s mother nodded with an amused smile, most likely not telling Corianne about the letter until dinner was finished as she knew her daughter would not be able to wait to see what it contained after hearing the news. Corianne signaled Tatiana to join her with a flick of her fingers. Tatiana was on her cousin’s heels as Corianne retrieved the letter from the hall table. 
They both arrived breathless in Corianne’s room, perching on opposite sides of the bed. Corianne held the letter of creamy paper between them.
“Who’s it from?” Tatiana asked, trying to read the neat script on the envelope.
“It doesn’t say. Who do you think?” Corianne asked, yielding the letter to Tatiana. 
Tatiana took it, admiring the heavy paper as much as the handwriting. “Maybe Sir Calavry’s younger son? He couldn’t take his eyes off you the other night.” 
Tatiana knew better to say Kesmere lest she send Corianne into another pout. Corianne sighed at the name anyway. “He was barely sixteen!”
“And wealthy!” Tatiana pointed out. “Hopefully, it isn’t from a secret admirer since it doesn’t have a return address. We don’t need more poetry.”
Corianne rolled her eyes. “I have enough poems to fill a book, and I’m still sitting here in the countryside. And anyone who is anyone will be going to the continent at the end of the month! Well, there is only one way to find out.” Corianne took the letter back. 
She used a penknife to slit the heavy paper, pulling out two sheets of writing in the same steady hand as the address. Corianne smoothed the pages against her bedsheet; brow puzzled as she read the first sentence. 
“This isn’t a poem or an invitation.” Corianne flipped to the last page. “It’s from Secretary Eldridge,” she said, blue eyes wide as she stared at Tatiana. “He wrote back.”
They shifted like conspiring schoolgirls to be able to read the letter at the same time. Gratitude for the information regarding Derrick flowed to praise of Corianne’s carefully worded, and sensibly private, correspondence on the matter. 
“That was you,” Corianne said to Tatiana as her blush deepened to a hot rose. “You wrote the letter. It was your idea.”
“It was our idea,” Tatiana assured Corianne. “What else does it say?” she prompted Corianne so that she’d flip to the final page. 
“He wants me to come to Prague and work as his personal assistant,” Corianne said as they read the last page together. 
The last of the letter was information on pay, lodging, when she should arrive, and how to let Mr. Eldridge know so that he could make the arrangements for her. The last paragraphs blurred as Tatiana stumbled on the details. Corianne was going to be able to leave. But not how they expected, not as a wealthy wife. Tatiana would be left behind without anyone to open doors for her to an easier life. Without her cousin, Tatiana doubted she’d even receive invitations to parties where she could meet someone who might be able to offer her more than the lot of a poor farmer’s wife. 
Corianne was staring at Tatiana when Tatiana stopped imagining the horrible chain of events unfolding. “You must come with me. I can’t go alone. Mother would never allow it anyway. And he doesn’t know about you! I’ll write him back and say I simply couldn’t come without you. Even if we have to split the pay. It was your letter, after all, that impressed him. I’d fail without you.”
Tatiana didn’t know what to say other than to hug Corianne with all her might. 
Corianne took the letter to her mother that night. Tatiana paced, waiting to hear what Aunt Linda thought, but the afternoon spent with Eloise finally won over anxiousness. Tatiana fell asleep before learning Aunt Linda’s thoughts.
There was no doubt of Pyotr’s impression, though. He grinned at her when she came downstairs to breakfast. “Prague,” he said with a teasing shake of his head. “I’d be jealous, but I would never get along with the dandies there.”
“You really think Aunt Linda will say yes? And then Mr. Eldridge would need to agree,” Tatiana said, reaching for the bread pudding. Pyotr’s acceptance of something that had seemed like a dream when she opened her eyes made it feel real. Nerves warred with hope so that Tatiana wasn’t certain she’d be able to keep down her breakfast. 
“Aunt Linda will only agree to it if you go too. Corianne can’t go alone, not to the continent and a strange city. I suppose she’ll know a few people, but Aunt Linda trusts you to watch over her.”
Tatiana nodded, but couldn’t help wonder if Corianne was supposed to watch over her. “Eloise Waldrope will be there. We’d have connections, I suppose. And Mr. Eldridge will surely introduce us.” Tatiana paused, blushing as her brother leaned back to stare at her with a smile.
“Yes, I think you’ll manage quite well,” Pyotr said. “At least one of you’ll be engaged by Christmas, I’d bet.” 
Tatiana’s heart flipped. She pushed her bowl away, unable to eat. Pyotr’s teasing and good mood encouraged only a few mouthfuls of food by the time Corianne came down nearly fifteen minutes later. She wore one of her best dresses and a sun hat held back in golden curls. Pyotr lost track of his jest at the sight of Corianne though Corianne didn’t appear to notice. 
“Mother sent a request to Duke Waldrope last night, and he’s already replied this morning,” Corianne said, sitting next to Tatiana. “He will help us call Mr. Eldridge to verify the arrangements and to tell him you will be coming along as well.”
“I should get dressed,” Tatiana said, scurrying to her feet. 
“There isn’t time, dear, and without me here today your help will be needed to manage everything,” Aunt Linda said, walking into the room wearing her best traveling coat. “I’m sorry to leave you to chores, but we’ll be home with news soon.”
She cupped Tatiana’s cheek affectionately before shooing her daughter out of the chair. Corianne gulped down Tatiana’s uneaten breakfast as she made her way to her feet. “We’ll be home soon, I promise,” Corianne said around a mouthful.
“She must be excited. I’ve never seen Corianne talk with food in her mouth before. That was the one way to keep her quiet,” Pyotr said. 
Tatiana was torn between annoyance and agreement, excitement and fear. She raced through chores only to find herself pacing with nothing to do in the afternoon. Despite promises, Aunt Linda and Corianne weren’t back quickly. Tatiana feared that only meant bad news because surely Duke Waldrope could just as easily, more easily, take Corianne when he left for Prague than it would ever be to arrange for Tatiana to go as well. Corianne would have Eloise to look out for her. Dispirited, Tatiana helped peel summer squash for dinner and tried not to bemoan her lot in life. 
The family carriage returned just as Tatiana and the maid stared at each other in the kitchen over a ready dinner for an absent family. The few servants Aunt Linda employed rose to help as packages were unloaded, the horses unharnessed, and the open-air buggy slipped into the barn. Loaded with wrapped bundles to take upstairs, Tatiana found Corianne in the hallway unpinning her hat after the flurry died down. 
“It’s all arranged,” Corianne said tiredly. Tatiana held her breath, hoping that included her while too afraid to ask. “We’ll leave with Eloise and her family in three weeks. They’ll take us to Prague where Mr. Eldridge has arranged lodging for us.”
“I’m going too?” Tatiana said, believing the idea for the first time.
“Of course, you silly goose, I couldn’t go without you! Mr. Eldridge is delighted to have you employed as well. I told him you’d written the letter and were so much more clever than me, I,” Corianne corrected as she swept arm in arm with Tatiana into the dining room. “We are going to Prague!”
Tatiana could have danced around the table, but Corianne and Aunt Linda both looked ready to fall asleep in their chairs. Aunt Linda gave the briefest of narrations of the day before excusing herself, more tired than hungry. 
“Tomorrow,” Corianne said to Tatiana with a yawn. “We have so much work to do and only three weeks!”
The packages turned out to be material and patterns. 
“We couldn’t afford nice dresses, not really nice ones, not for both of us and not all we’d need to get us into the fall when we’d be able to buy our own,” Corianne explained as she opened packages to show Tatiana while both girls still wore their nightclothes. 
The fabric was lustrous. “I thought you were going to be assistants, not debutants,” Pyotr said from the doorway. 
Corianne stuck out her tongue. “That is for evening wear as I’m sure we’ll be going to society parties—to meet dashing and connected young men,” Corianne added with a conspiratorial glance at Tatiana. “We have nice, but more professional fabric as well.”
“We have to sew it all ... in three weeks?” Tatiana asked.
“And pack, and go to Prague, and still attend all the end of summer events.” Corianne flopped down next to Tatiana, wide-eyed and breathless. They stared at each other until both started to laugh, falling over chuckling. 
“Girls,” Pyotr said from the doorway before leaving them to their strewn packages and giggles. 
Every day was busy. Aunt Linda and Pyotr still had the farm to run, produce to harvest and sell as well as put away for their use. Firewood needed to be purchased and laid up. And amidst it all, Tatiana, Corianne, and the maid Ellen had to sew dresses and outfits. Eloise came to help as well, proving herself to be a fine seamstress and a bit of a fashion designer. With her eye, rather bland outfits became something fetching. 
Pyotr dropped by to watch, Eloise either pointedly ignoring him or glaring angrily. He never looked ruffled, though, and when he pointed out an easy modification to make a few of the outfits interchangeable, he won a smile from all three women. Pyotr came by more often after that, and Tatiana doubted it was because he’d miss her as he claimed. When she saw Eloise and Pyotr talking under a shade tree, it reminded Tatiana that she had someone she needed to tell she was leaving. Still, Tatiana put it off for three more days. 
Phillip waited for her under the tree where they’d met in the spring. The night air was heavy, and lightning flashed in the distance. Though the sky remained star-filled over the rolling hills around Aunt Linda’s farm. 
“You said you had something to tell me?” Phillip asked, taking Tatiana’s hand in his good left one to lead her to where he’d spread a blanket so she wouldn’t have to sit on the grass. 
Tatiana had debated telling Phillip she was leaving in the letter but decided her one friend outside of family deserved to hear of it from her. Now she regretted that as tears stung her eyes at the kindness he always showed. She decided to start with good news first.
“I have a job,” she said, letting Phillip congratulate her. Her hesitation when he asked where dampened his enthusiasm. He picked up a stick and poked the end into the softer dirt at the edge of the field.
“Not here then,” he said after a deep enough silence that thunder from the distant storm could be heard.
Tatiana took a deep breath. “Prague.”
“What? The continent? What are you going to be doing?” 
The surprise of her answer nearly forced Phillip to his feet. Her hand on his arm kept him seated while reminding him to lower his voice. Tatiana slowly told him about the letter to Secretary Eldridge and his offer of a job though she left out that her offer only came because Aunt Linda and Corianne would have it no other way.
“You and your cousin are going to Prague on your own?” Phillip asked expression sour.
“Duke Waldrope is taking us, and Mr. Eldridge has made arrangements for our lodging. Aunt Linda and Pyotr think it is a wonderful opportunity.”
“Yes, I can imagine what they think. Your brother is a bigger dreamer than Corianne! No, Tatiana,” Phillip said, grabbing her arm as she meant to rise. “I’m older, nearly thirty. I wasn’t just a kid before the war. I remember some of what it was like, and not all politicians were idolized or honest.”
“That is what has you upset?” Tatiana asked. “Mr. Eldridge helped save us during the war. He’s a hero, and we are lucky to have him take interest in us.”
“I don’t trust his interest!” 
Tatiana’s breath caught as she realized what Phillip was hinting at. “He’s ... that’s silly, Phillip. He’s an old man, and he wouldn’t.” She stopped at the look Phillip gave her.
“He hired you and Corianne based on one letter? That makes the most sense to you; that there are no other eligible young women available to hire in Prague?”
“He’s giving us a chance. You’ll see,” she said, uncertain why she begged for his agreement in this. She wouldn’t stay if he said no.
Phillip stared at her a moment, brushing ruffled hair from her face. “I don’t like it, but I can see there is no changing it. I wish Pyotr were going, someone else to help you.” Phillip looked away with a shake of his head. “But you’re not a little girl either,” he said, looking back at her. “You’ve written to me. Promise me you’ll take my address. If anything happens, if you need any help, write to me, and I’ll come for you. I swear it.”
Tatiana bit her lip to keep it from trembling. She nodded, feeling a tear slide down her cheek. “I promise, Phillip. I’ll write you anyway and tell you how wonderful it is ... and that I miss you.”
Phillip hesitated, saddened eyes staring into Tatiana’s. “Oh hell,” he said, leaning forward and kissing her before she had a chance to react. “Please take care of yourself.”
He slipped into the night before she found her breath. Even then she wasn’t certain if she’d yell at him or call him to come back. 
She was twenty-three, just had her first kiss, was leaving in less than two weeks, and wasn’t certain when she’d be back, if ever. Or when she’d see her brother, Aunt Linda, or Phillip, who she tried so hard not to love, again. At least now she knew why she was just as frightened as she was excited.





Chapter 28

CAPTAIN JARED VRIES
MORE THAN RUMORS

“Where did you hear this?” Jared asked Lieutenant Kieren O’Dell.
“There was a bit of a rumor going around about the Lady Grey’s conduct when I returned from the Americas. A warrant officer told me later that my absence had been theorized to be a test for promotion,” Kieren answered.
“To replace her?” Jared said, trying to keep his anger in check. It wasn’t Kieren’s fault. It was Miralda Gerschtein’s. But Gerschtein wasn’t in front of him.
Kieren was pale, which emphasized the freckles that made her look so much younger than her age, but she answered in a steady voice. “Yes, sir. That is what I believe they meant.”
“And now you are telling me there is a new rumor. Something worse?”
Kieren’s hesitation, before she spoke, didn’t help Jared’s nerves. Arinna had been fussing over the rumors, but Jared hadn’t taken them as seriously. He’d teased her about them. What harm could a bit of gossip about her having a relationship cause? Apparently that had only been the beginning.
“A few of the younger recruits were heard saying that the Lady Grey has always been a figurehead and nothing more.” 
Kieren paused. Jared guessed it was because he’d just balled his hand into a fist. “What else?” he spat.
“That she was a war widow, and we needed a symbol to fight for after Kiev. So we used her, but you’ve done all the work and should have all the glory,” Kieren said in a rush. “I’ve disciplined the troops, sir. They are all working double duty and studying the strategy Arinna and you used to win for good measure. But I have a list of names if you’d like them.”
“Later,” he said, knowing what he’d do with those soldiers at the moment would not benefit anyone except Gerschtein. “Give it to Kehm. You handled it correctly, Lieutenant. Thank you for reporting this, and let me know if you hear anything else. Dismissed.”
Jared wasn’t sure how long he sat in his office seeing only blackness as his mind went over what Kieren had said as well as the number of times Arinna had saved his life. And he hers. Theirs was a partnership of the battlefield and what had won Europe. But the Defensive Guard held only a few soldiers who’d fought in the war; those who’d wished to serve, but had families in Europe that would notice if their sons or daughters disappeared for what had become years to continue a secret fight beyond Europe. 
Only those without family had been allowed to remain in the ongoing battles. The remainder of the Defensive Guard comprised kids who had been too young to enlist during the war before it had been hidden by distance and deceit. And they were an idle force, kept ready but not seeing true battle. They simply guarded the borders and strategic areas like the crop fields. Jared would rather the Defensive Guard learn there was an active duty field branch, the real Grey Guard as Jared thought of them than to turn on Arinna. 
That made him realize he had to tell her. He groaned. Not for just how she’d take the news, but that he’d had to admit he’d not taken her worry seriously. 
“Kehm, I need a private channel from my office and don’t listen in. I’ll fill you in later,” Jared said, calling down to Command. 
“That isn’t protocol,” Kehm answered. “Arinna won’t—”
“Damn it, I’m calling Arinna. You can dial if you like.” 
Kehm must have heard the frustration in Jared’s voice because the line clicked a few times before Kehm spoke again in a professional tone. “The line is secure, Captain. I’ll be signing off now.”
“What was that about?” Arinna asked.
“Shit,” Jared answered. Kehm hadn’t said he’d placed the call or that Arinna was online. Jared would be apologizing to Kehm after speaking to Arinna. For now, though, Arinna was laughing in his ear. 
“Having a good day?” she asked.
“Apparently you’re having a better one. You have time? No dates?”
“No, not today. I’m alone,” she said, tone more serious. “Is this about what le Marc told us?”
“Sort of. I’ve learned what Gerschtein’s been up to,” Jared said.
“You met with her again?”
“No. I met with Kieren. There is a rumor in the Defensive Guard.” Arinna was quiet while he told her what Lieutenant O’Dell had reported. Arinna didn’t swear or speak, not even when he finished. He fumbled with the controls to bring up the vid, wishing suddenly he’d gone to tell her in person. She raised an eyebrow when the video connected, faint amusement flashing in her eyes.
“I’m thinking, Captain,” she said. 
“Well, I couldn’t tell. I thought you’d be swearing and ready to shoot Gerschtein.” 
“That is an attractive option, but I really don’t feel like being arrested for murder. Imagine the rumors that would spawn. Gerschtein would love it.”
“Eldridge would love it more,” Jared replied. “Gerschtein would be dead.” He paused, wanting to joke, but feeling too serious. “We shouldn’t have agreed with MOTHER for you to set up a private residence. Why do we keep helping them hide this war?” 
“Because the fallout of revealing there has been a war the last three years wouldn’t fall only on MOTHER,” Arinna said, rubbing her eyes. “And we agreed a secondary base wasn’t a bad idea. We’ve never been secret about the location of the Guard base in Prague.”
“They split us, and Gerschtein set this up from the beginning. I thought the rumor of you and the Baron Vasquez was a joke, and once the idea of a coup faded it was over. But Gerschtein has created doubt beyond anything I imagined.” Jared didn’t apologize or confess fears much, but this was both. And that it was to the person he viewed as his commander as well as a friend made it that much more painful.
Arinna’s hard look softened. “Kieren handled this well. It doesn’t mean it is over, but she has given us breathing room. Which we can use. I suppose I should limit my contact with Derrick and Byran again.”
“Why? Do you think ignoring them in public will suddenly end rumors? Everyone will think you’ve had a falling out. Damn schoolday crap.” Jared said the last under his breath, but Arinna heard enough to laugh. 
“I notice you said public. Possessive of the fighting matches you arranged?”
“Speaking of them, how are they going?” Jared asked, preferring this conversation to the beginning of the call. “Has he beaten you yet?”
“A few times,” Arinna admitted. “He is good.”
“I get a day off for every match he wins.”
“Oh, so this has really been your method of earning vacation? Here I’d thought you’d set this up for other reasons,” Arinna deadpanned. Jared grinned but remained silent. “Well, if you are going to bet against me, we’ll have to work out a more appropriate wager. Otherwise, I’ll be on leave for the rest of the war.”
“Nah, it won’t end if you’re not around.”
“Comforting,” Arinna said with a wince. “Well, if you want to keep me around, you need to set up a meeting with Gerschtein.”
Jared stared at her. “I never want to speak to that woman again. She’s—”
“Using us. I know. And arrogant enough to tell you, which is helpful. You need to find out everything you can.”
“Fuck. This conversation is not going how I expected,” Jared said, leaning back into his chair. “I can’t believe you are taking this so well.”
“I can’t say this doesn’t hurt, but I haven’t liked any of the gossip this summer.” She studied him for a moment. “If you don’t think you can deal with Gerschtein—”
“Oh, I can deal with her. I’m afraid I might deal with her too well, but she and I will have a lovely chat, and I’ll see what I can learn,” Jared gripped his chair. 
“You look rattled,” Arinna told him, her voice less of a friend and more of a commander evaluating her soldiers.
“I can’t fight rumors with a gun,” he retorted, biting off the desire to say “my Lady” at the end. 
Arinna gave a quiet snort. “Neither of us is good with this bit, the politics of it. If I trusted anyone in parliament, I’d hire her as an advisor to fight Gerschtein. Though short of le Marc and Eldridge, I don’t think anyone else is capable.”
“There’s a lovely thought,” Jared said. “You really okay?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll take it out on Derrick the next time he is over here for a sparring match.” Arinna offered a wicked grin.
“Poor boy. Don’t think he realized what I signed him up for.”
“Hah. He wasn’t the only one,” Arinna said, but there wasn’t annoyance in her sharp-eyed glance. “Let me know how the meeting goes. And you’d better go sort things out with Kehm. You know he hates private conversations,” Arinna added as she signed off.
The best way Jared could apologize to Kehm was to have him make the arrangements to meet with Gerschtein after confessing what the call with Arinna had been about. Kehm looked thoughtful when Jared finished.
“You agree with her,” Jared said with a sigh.
“That you should meet with Gerschtein? Yes. The woman has given us a little information. Anything more would be useful,” Kehm replied.
“Of course, you want information. You are our Chief Comm Officer and handle more data than any of us,” Jared said, the complaint becoming a realization by the end.
“And the Lady Grey is a tactician so, of course, she wants to know as much as possible,” Kehm pointed out. “And you don’t want to meet with Gerschtein because you don’t like subtleties. So go in there and be yourself, just lie about why you are there.”
“Thanks for the tip. We should have you get us out of this mud hole.”
“I handle military information, not political,” Kehm pointed out. “I’d be as lost as you, or worse if you asked me to ferret information around parliament. We never created an agency to spy.”
“Hah. Because we thought the FLF was the only enemy, and they are about as direct as us. Never thought we’d be playing games with ministers. Makes me almost miss all-out war.”
“There were less internal disputes,” Kehm agreed. “What shall I tell Gerschtein the meeting is about if she asks?”
“Oh, she’ll know. She won’t ask.”
Kehm managed to arrange an appointment the next day. Gerschtein cleared her schedule so that Jared could stop by in the afternoon. He paced before the set time, knowing Kehm was right. Lying and subterfuge were not his strong points. The only way not to blow the meeting was to be himself, and he was irritated.
Miralda Gerschtein stood and offered her hand when her assistant showed Jared into her office. “How are you, Captain Vries. It is a pleasure to see you.” 
Jared ignored her hand and remained silent until the assistant left and shut the door. “Rumors that the Lady Grey had no real role in the war; that is your method of removing her? You know very well that we owe the fact Europe is not under FLF control to her.”
“And you know very well that you are as responsible for our freedom as she is,” Miralda answered smoothly, waving him to a chair. He ignored that too. “I see you don’t like my tactics. But you shouldn’t take them so personally. Don’t you see that if such a story can be believed, there must be a reason why? You are seen as the real leader of the Guard, Captain. Not the Lady Grey, who doesn’t hold military rank.” 
Jared did sit at that. He needed to. Miralda was clever, and she had this thought out. It was easy to let himself be swayed. “The Lady Grey fought alongside me in every battle. She put together the strategies that pushed the FLF back, even when our troops were at a disadvantage. I owe her my life a dozen times over.”
“And you don’t like to see those memories falsified. But I must ask, what is the best way to remove a war hero from power?” 
“I wouldn’t know,” Jared said, disliking every moment in the room with her. Plotting to remove Arinna felt wrong, and he doubted he could hide that for very long. 
“By making her not a hero. Her image is tarnished. If doubts can grow for one cause, they’ll grow for another. It won’t take much longer before the Lady Grey will be lucky to retain her liberty. I fear nothing else of who she was will remain intact.”
“The FLF, the attacks over the summer, they don’t frighten you?”
“No. Not enough to keep her. I have every confidence in you,” Miralda said with warmth.
“That is nice to hear. Considering your treatment of the Lady Grey, I was worried I’d have to watch myself.”
Miralda laughed politely. “Not due to me, Captain Vries.” Her smile had a sharp distaste to it.
“So there are things I should be worried about? What and who?” he asked, leaning forward in the chair. Miralda mimicked his movement. 
“You need to think about who in the Guard is loyal to the Lady Grey. Who will resist when the time comes for her to fall? Who will obey you without question?”
A chill went through him. Leaning toward her, their heads together as they conspired to remove his closest friend, left Jared unable to think beyond the hard reality of what they were doing. He pulled away, unable to hide his distaste.
“This sounds like we are plotting a coup. Something, I believe, you’ve tried to pin on the Lady Grey.”
“Hah.” Miralda sat back as well and adjusted items on her desk. “Something I believe she has already done. Didn’t she, in reality, take the Guard from you? All we are doing is setting that right. I know you respect her. Truly, I see some of the things here do not sit well with you. So I must ask you, Captain Vries, are you ready to lead the Guard alone?”
“The Guard is mine,” he said without hesitation. 
“I’m glad you feel that way.” She looked relieved as she took a long breath. 
“You thought I’d turn on you?” Jared asked, amused. It felt good to have a little power in all of this. 
Miralda shrugged. “For a moment there, I wasn’t certain. We do have an understanding?” 
“I don’t like your tactics. But yes, we have an understanding of what it is you are trying to accomplish,” Jared said, meaning every word. 
“And you will sort out who in the Guard can be trusted? Your lieutenants—”
“Are mine and loyal to me. As is the Guard. I will sort out any that give me doubt. You do not have to worry about them,” Jared said, daring her to try. She gave him a tight smile. 
“Of course.” 
Jared cursed to himself the entire ride to base, barely keeping himself from making the journey at a gallop. He compromised with a trot. This was one report he needed to send before the toxicity of it drove him mad. He had to warn Arinna before things grew worse. And find a way to halt an enemy that wouldn’t die by the sword.





Chapter 29

THE LADY GREY
TROUBLE

Arinna was flirting with trouble, but she couldn’t help it. Even without everything Jared had told her, there was still Derrick’s father. If what Renault had told the Guard was even half correct, every minute she spent with Derrick in public pushed his father one step closer to ordering her death. If David Eldridge knew about the times she spent with his son, not in public, he’d have come to Rhiol to kill her himself. Not that he’d succeed, but the thought of him trying was alluring. 
“When you smile like that, I worry about what you are thinking,” Derrick said, bending his head to whisper into her ear. His breath on her cheek made her heart flip like a schoolgirl crush.
“You dressed in a T-shirt and shorts sent sprawling with a move you didn’t see coming,” she replied sweetly. “You haven’t beaten me in the last two rounds.”
Derrick’s straight face cracked though only a chuckle or two escaped. He pulled himself to seriousness as Lord Bemby glanced their way, the look judgmental. The music recital of some skilled, and several not, young men and woman of means soared around them. Arinna would have been bored to death if not for Derrick next to her. 
“That is ... slanderous,” he hissed to her. 
“I know,” she whispered back. “Captain Vries owes me quite a lot. He’s been betting against me.”
Derrick had to cough that time. He turned dancing dark blue eyes on her. “Allow me to refill your drink, my lady,” he said, taking her glass. 
“The girl is quite gifted, don’t you think?” Lady Rosingale asked Arinna from where she sat on her left. 
“Yes, lovely,” Arinna agreed. This one was lovely actually, with a smooth voice that threaded along the melody she played on a harp. 
Isabella and Byran had decided not to attend the afternoon display of music and talented children of the elite living amid northern England. Their children were too restless to sit all afternoon, and Isabella felt they’d spent enough time away from Cerilla and Santi of late. So they were off riding and picnicking on Kesmere’s grounds. Arinna missed the buffer Byran and Isabella provided as much as their company. But she had to admit she enjoyed spending time with Derrick without Byran’s watchful eye, as much as she shouldn’t. Nor was his eye the only one watchful.
Derrick returned just as she seriously pondered her choice of spending the day with him. Whispers and sidelong glances followed her every move. Gerschtein’s careful plot trailed her everywhere. It reminded her of years before when she’d pretended an affair with Byran. But that had been to gain information. Now she felt how tenuous her standing was. She was not Guard, and the war that had brought her honor was thought over. Yet here she sat laughing with one who threatened to muddle her image even more. Gerschtein’s comment to Jared pricked at her mind: what is the best way to remove a war hero? Her name was linked with scandals more than war service these days.
Derrick handed Arinna a glass of the new summer wine and settled next to her as the singer finished. He waited until the applause faded, and people shuffled as the next musicians, a quartet of stringed instruments, arranged themselves before turning to her.
“I leave you for a minute, and now you look serious.”
“It was the music. She was very somber even if lovely,” Arinna replied.
“I didn’t think you were paying that close attention.”
“Well you left,” she pointed out. “Will they think it rude if we walk for a bit?”
Derrick answered by offering his arm. Cello music followed them out the door to a warm August afternoon. Arinna breathed in the thick smell of roses mixed with too many flowers to name. There were times with music and laughter around her like this that she could have believed the war was over. She certainly wished it so. 
“I don’t think it was her singing that dampened your mood,” Derrick said, giving her space as she leaned against an ornamental rail overlooking the floral garden. 
Arinna paused. The breezy comment making light of her thoughts died between mind and lips. “There are too many worries in my head, I’m sorry,” she said earnestly. 
“Whatever Renault le Marc told you, and you don’t want to tell me?” he asked. 
Arinna paused over the rim of her wineglass. “That is some of it, yes. It certainly doesn’t help.” 
“I don’t believe you,” he said after a moment. Arinna glanced at him, startled. “I think it is the music as much as the worries. It bothers you to be sitting here, pretending not to be anxious about something Captain Vries or one of your lieutenants is working on while no one here would know their peace is at risk.” 
A couple passing kept Arinna from answering, not that she was quite capable of framing one. She was simply pleased to be able to regain composure that slipped at his perceptive words. “You’ve left me unable to answer twice in the last week,” she said when they were alone again. “I really don’t know what to make of you.”
“Well, I can offer a solution for that too. How about a rematch tomorrow evening? I apparently need to earn Captain Vries back some of his pay.” 
“Why tomorrow evening?” she asked, taking the bait he offered. She didn’t want to talk about the rest, especially in public.
“I’m not the only friend Isabella or Byran keeps. They were invited down country, far enough down they’ll be away overnight. So I am oddly free of guests or commitments tomorrow afternoon to evening. I thought you might like to take out some frustrations ... and I believe you owe me a drink.”
“Despite the uncouth arrangement of inviting yourself to my manor to be knocked semi-conscious, I look forward to it. I’ll try not to bruise you.” 
The remainder of the afternoon passed in a similar companionable mood. Enough so Arinna looked forward to seeing Derrick the following day, and not simply for the practice session. The match the following afternoon was the first time fighting Derrick that she had a difficult time focusing on defense and offense. Instead, she felt his presence when he stepped close, noticed his breath brush across her skin. It was as if knowing she shouldn’t enjoy spending time with him made her that much more aware of how pleasurable it was. Which made her fight the distractions all the harder. But still, the lack of focus lost her the first two matches.
The lack of later obligations or anyone waiting slowed the bouts as well. Derrick strategized his moves, hanging back when she baited him with false openings. By the time Arinna had salvaged her honor and beaten Derrick twice, they were both breathless. A glance at the time showed they’d been testing each other across the exercise mat in Rhiol’s basement for the better part of two hours. 
“Do we go one more to determine who wins this evening?” Arinna asked, leaning against the nearest wall as Derrick remained sitting. She’d barely managed to trip him, catching him in an overreach by luck more than design. Even then, she guessed he could have recovered from it if it were a real battle. His sword lay barely a foot away.
“I think I’d rather determine that through a drinking game. Otherwise, I’ll be too tired to sit in a saddle to return home.”
“Not worried about being too drunk at least. I’ll lend you a carriage, my lord earl, not to worry.”
He snorted. “I thought we didn’t hold titles down here.”
Arinna waved a hand, not wanting to admit she was pleased to not need to be worried about accidentally nicking her fighting partner. The practice blades they used didn’t have an edge, but they could cause damage. Defeating each other without inflicting more than a bruise made each match a greater challenge and that much more mentally exhausting.
“Let’s call all titles off for the entire evening,” she replied, offering Derrick her hand to pull him to his feet. “And since we are moving on to drinking games, please let me formally offer you the meager and very militarized hospitality Rhiol has to offer.”
“Sounds lovely. How could I refuse? I’m hoping that means you will allow me a shower. And speaking of meager, I brought several bottles from Kesmere’s cellar, which I assure you is much better stocked in vintages than Rhiol’s.”
“I worry about things other than fermentation rates,” she pointed out as they exited through the false door leading into Rhiol’s tiny, and sparsely filled, wine cellar. 
“I’d have that no other way,” Derrick said, stepping closer to pull the door closed behind him. His shirt brushed her arm, sending a wave of heat through her. Apparently, she’d have to continue to be careful of a few things the remainder of the evening. 
“Choose any room upstairs. They are functional and should have spare Guard shirts and such too.” She read the surprise and acceptance of what she’d said in the glance he sent her way. “Yes,” she confirmed for him. “We keep Rhiol ready just in case.”
“All this time, I thought you’d come here just to ruffle my father’s feathers.”
“Actually, it was your feathers, and that was just a side benefit,” she said as he headed up the stairs. He shook his head but didn’t respond in return. 
Arinna hurried through her shower, despite needing the physical break from her visitor to clear her head. Derrick was the first actual guest she’d had at Rhiol, and really the first since the war had swept her into a role of tactician and then military commander. Despite her teasing of Rhiol’s meager offerings, she wanted to at least try to not fail horribly at being a host. 
When Derrick rejoined her in the kitchen with hair still damp and a borrowed shirt managing to do little to hide his physique, she was simmering soup and had a summer salad set on the counter. 
“I know you do not take care of this place yourself,” he said bringing over the two bottles he’d retrieved from his saddlebags. 
“No, and I didn’t actually make any of this. I’m just reheating,” she said with a grin. “Christophe and Tomas take care of the building and day-to-day management. Both are retired Guard. Tomas’ wife sends over food though Christophe is a great cook. This is his roasted eggplant soup along with the bread in the oven.”
“This huge estate and you are basically here alone?”
“When I’m here, which isn’t as often as I pretend to be, as you’ve pointed out. And when I am, I’m usually so busy I don’t notice. Now you see why I never thought of hosting a party. I can’t imagine how I’d manage it,” she said as she ladled out the soup. “I do hope you don’t mind skipping the formal dining room? We can eat here or my study, which I do actually use.”
“The study,” Derrick replied, helping to set everything on a nearby tray. “And my offer stands. Byran, Isabella, and I will help. A party before the fall session would work.” 
Arinna led the way into the dim depths of Rhiol. Her study was an office mated to a war room. Reports, maps of battles, her comm unit, and a few computers fought for space with books on military battles and strategy, handwritten notes, and a handful of mementos that had survived the upheaval of her life from the USA and the war. Only one picture graced the wall, a dusty old photo that Arinna loved very much.  
Derrick paused at the threshold, gaze sweeping the casual display of technology and information on war. “We should hide this room if you do have a party,” he said as he finally entered and gingerly placed the tray next to a rolled map. 
Arinna grinned at his deadpanned statement. She could imagine Jared saying it or chiming in with new ideas. Derrick was a good fighter, clever, and would have fit in well with the upper ranks of the Guard. Damn his father for the myriad of problems the man caused. 
“And I see this is where you hide your good wine. At least now I know,” he said, pulling a bottle from the built-in rack above her desk. 
“What do you expect? It isn’t like I have someone to fetch me a bottle if I’m working and in need of a glass,” Arinna teased back. “If it makes you feel better, I’ll trade you bottle for bottle lest we too severely deplete Kesmere’s renowned stock.”
Derrick settled into the office like an old friend come to visit, moving what needed to be placed out of the way without questioning what the map or report held. Only in the books did he show interest, flipping one open after reading the obscure battle the title referenced. 
“From West Point?” he asked.
“I went to school there, before serving in the army,” she replied. 
That led to swapping stories on training and pre-war service through dinner. Comfortable in her chair with the open window behind letting in a cool evening breeze, Arinna realized she’d lost track of time, who she was talking to, and perhaps even what year it was as they opened what she hoped was only the second bottle of wine. 
“I think,” Derrick began, handing her a refilled glass as he sat in the chair across from her. “That it appears you spend more time sleeping on the couch in the corner than you do in your bed.” He nodded to the pillow and folded blanket resting on one end of the sofa.
“Are you certain I have a bedroom in Rhiol?”
“I did not spend enough time snooping upstairs to be able to answer that question,” Derrick replied, laughing.
“I doubt you snooped at all,” Arinna replied, meaning it. None of her reasons to distrust Derrick had ever been proven true. “But yes, I do tend to sleep close to my work I suppose. Especially when there are problems.”
Derrick frowned at that. “I think that is the one question I would want to know the answer to; if you granted me one that is. I’d like to know why if there is fighting still with the FLF, why do we hear none of it?”
Arinna regarded her guest, judging him not by his family connections but by what he knew. “The answer to that lies in why does MOTHER still exist and yet no one knows of it.”
“It’s one great conspiracy then? And you are part of it.” He said the last part with disappointment.
“No, lots of separate ones, I think. I agreed stupidly to stay quiet on the war beyond Europe, but MOTHER was supposed to have divested themselves of control. They promised a real parliament. Jared and I thought, hoped, the war would have ended by now. I ignored MOTHER the last few years to continue to fight the FLF. But residing here in Rhiol I’ve seen ... well, that I was wrong. We need to know what is beyond our borders. The people need to know what is going on here and in the world, and worse than that, I may have slit the throat of the Guard.”
Derrick stared at her. She swallowed down that she should not have confessed a syllable of what she had just said to him as he asked, “How? What has happened to the Guard?”
“If we find the FLF, we’d better hope they want a truce rather than to fight us. Because I don’t think we have the soldiers left to stage another war.”
Derrick hesitated the space of a blink. “You saved us after Kiev with less than is in the Defensive Guard now. I think you underestimate yourself and our chances.”
She choked on her mouthful of wine, sputtering enough that Derrick took her glass as he moved to sit next to her. Laughing as much as coughing, she finally gasped, “That is most likely the last thing I ever expected to hear from you.” 
Looking up into his dark blue eyes only a foot away as he laughed as well was also not the position she expected to be in either or to like. The realization of it jolted through her.
“And why is that? Better yet, what was that look for?” He remained perched on the arm of her chair, one hand resting lightly on her back in his attempt to keep her breathing. Now her breath came too quickly from his touch. She knew she should move away.
Yet when she spoke, it was the truth. “I’m thinking of all the reasons I should not trust you and despite all of them, I’m very happy you are here.”
“Good,” Derrick said before leaning forward and kissing her.
The surprise of it kept Arinna from reacting. When she did, it was not what she would have anticipated either. She kissed him back. There would be time to be disappointed in herself later, as well as curse herself for how easily she gave real fuel to the false fires Gerschtein had set. But as her hand found the warmth of Derrick’s skin under his shirt, she stopped thinking and fell into the heat of his lips and tongue against hers.  
If Derrick’s kiss held fire, when his hand traced the curve of her waist she trembled with the desire he ignited. If she didn’t have the couch, she would have aimed for the floor. Instead, they tumbled together, pulling at clothing that wouldn’t come off quickly enough. Her senses narrowed to the taste of him, the gasp of his breath, the strength of his arms and chest as he moved with her, and the passionate pleasure of it all. 
Lying next to him on the couch afterwards, while recovering much like they did from a sword bout, his finger traced patterns along her arm in a movement that was both tender and exploring. “I’m starting to like your couch,” he said, lips brushing her neck. 
“I do actually have a bed.” 
His teasing smile grew to one more mischievous, which led to a kiss that threatened to not make her care if they did find the bedroom. But they did, eventually. 
A faint noise woke her to predawn blueness. Derrick pulled on clothes nearby, quietly as possible.
“Sneaking out?” she asked, trying to decide if that were actually a good thing. What she was sure of was needing time alone to figure that out and how to fix it if it was.
“Unfortunately, I have a mid-morning engagement. I need to get home to shower, maybe sleep, and find fitting clothes,” he said, sitting on the bed. He leaned over and kissed her, chuckling when it built in intensity, and they both paused before it grew farther. “I’m sorry, I have to go.” 
“Go,” she said with a laugh. “Before it gets brighter, and someone sees you sneaking back to Kesmere.” 
Arinna stayed in bed until she heard Derrick’s horse trot down the gravel road, heading toward the wood. She sat up, rubbing her eyes and thinking far more clearly than she wanted to about the night before. Gerschtein and her damned plot, David Eldridge, Byran, secrets kept guarded in Rhiol, all clearly pointed to last night as an act of foolishness. Even if it was one she didn’t regret. 
“Shit,” she cursed and rolled out of bed. If Derrick were a trap, he was one that she walked into with eyes open. And one that could cost her the Guard. 





Chapter 30

THE EARL OF KESMERE
NEW BEGINNINGS

Derrick read the note that Byran and Isabella were delayed another day with guilty relief. He hadn’t meant the night before to go the way it had, and he’d left Rhiol without knowing where he stood with Arinna or where he wanted to. And the morning had given him little chance to figure that out. 
An engagement for brunch with a fellow soldier from the Guard, one who’d helped build Derrick’s current network of information, had been made because Byran and Isabella would be gone. He never expected to regret the appointment or to find his attention wandering. Home again to find his houseguests delayed another day, Derrick simply felt happy not to have to face Byran quite yet. Sorting things out with Arinna first would help. But as Derrick considered calling her to see if they could talk, his gaze fell upon an open invitation to a garden party. It was one that he’d accepted, and it was today. He groaned, thought of sending his regrets and finally headed upstairs to find something suitable to wear. If he hurried, he’d not be so late as to be rude.
The summer afternoon buzzed with summer insects enjoying the heat. Lack of sleep and little time to rest combined with the warmth of the day made Derrick regret his decision to attend the event, even if the estate were nearby. For one of the few times in his life, claiming a sudden fit of not feeling well to leave early would be a true excuse. But his promise to stay only an hour dissolved as he entered the garden. Across the scattering of tables, Arinna stood talking to Dame Hife. Derrick’s grogginess evaporated. 
He had to give his thanks for the invitation, which kept him distantly admiring her and the gauzy summer dress that showed off her legs. When she glanced over and saw him, she nearly dropped her wine glass as she blushed. Her reaction made him laugh, as well as surfacing nervousness. There was no guarantee she’d be pleased with how things went. 
He was still seeking a sense of balance when he approached her with two glasses fifteen minutes later.
“I was afraid you’d have dropped yours by now,” he said, handing her one. She blushed again while taking it. Derrick took it as a good sign that she didn’t throw it at him. 
“It is good to see you, my lord earl,” she said, tone too neutral to read. “I thought you had other plans today?” 
“I’d nearly forgotten this,” he admitted. “But my plans were just for the morning. Actually Isabella and Byran were to have returned by now and to have come as well, but they were delayed another day.” The words came without effort in contrast to the uncertain energy he felt barely able to restrain. He watched Arinna, trying to read anything in her manner. But unlike most times they’d been together of late, she was closed off from him. No humor marked her face as she barely glanced his way as if politely bored. 
“Would you walk with me?” he asked, choosing to rid himself of worry directly. He could still leave. The knot in his stomach certainly added to the excuse. 
Arinna hesitated, which didn’t help Derrick’s nerves. But she took his arm, and they skirted around the edge of the garden, barely talking to each other. Derrick nodded instead to other guests he knew, looking for the closest path to somewhere private. When they were finally out of sight of the main gathering, Arinna slipped from his arm and walked ahead. She stopped under an ancient wisteria dripping with flowers. Derrick approached cautiously, feeling as on guard as he did when she held a sword. 
“I’m not sorry for last night,” he said without thinking out his words. Now, finally, she smiled at him.
“I really never know what you are going to say,” she said. She met his gaze. “Nor I. But it cannot happen again. We shouldn’t have ...”
She finished her sentence with a blushing smile before looking away with a shrug. It was an expression of unexpected joy, one that he had never seen on her face. Without meaning to, he stepped closer. 
“It wasn’t a mistake,” he told her, aware of how she shifted to face him and the tilt to her chin as she looked up into his eyes. 
“Perhaps,” she said, but her voice lacked fight. “What we risk, I risk, isn’t merely my reputation.”
There were only a few inches between them. Her gaze brushed his lips before she closed her eyes. His fingers tingled with a desire to touch her. Derrick, at least, had his answer to what seeing her would bring. By the look of it, Arinna felt something similar, even if she fought the idea. 
“It is a rumor we started and have lived with for a month. So what if we’ve made it real?” he asked quietly, brushing his fingers along her cheek. 
She leaned into his touch. Their lips brushed before a crunch of a footfall on the gravel path nearby caused them both to jump. Derrick stepped back as a young couple, gazes lost in each other, drifted by seeking a quiet nook of the garden. Arinna watched them as they left, amusement and conflict on her face. 
“The way this is going, I shall have to not see you at all to avoid doing something immodest.”
“The Captain will be disappointed,” he answered. “As will I. Of course, the other option is to admit we are lovers and see where this leads.”
“Are you saying last night wasn’t a one-time event?” she asked, offering her hand. Accepting it drew him closer again. 
“It doesn’t have to be. I don’t want it to be.” He waited. 
Arinna gave a slight shake of her head. “You are far more trouble than I expected,” she told him before stepping closer. 
Her lips found his. The kiss she offered was hesitant at first but slid into warmth that formed an ache deep in his stomach. She tasted of the summer white wine, and he could smell the wisteria blooms around them, but most of his senses were lost in the warm press of her lips and a kiss that held more than passion. 
He held her a moment when it ended, trying not to tremble in some unmanly way. “I think you’ll cause me far more trouble than I you,” he said hoarsely. He really hadn’t expected to feel this way. 
It took a few more minutes before they stepped away from each other, Arinna brushing out her dress. He offered his arm so they could walk back to the party together though his pace was slow and the day felt surreal. 
“Come to Kesmere tonight?” he asked, adding quickly, “for dinner.” 
Her smile had an amused edge. “No Byran?” He shook his head, not ready to think about the conversation he’d need to have with his friend. “I really can’t believe I’m saying this, but yes. I’d love to.” 
He kissed her hand before anyone noticed them and then spent the remainder of the afternoon trying to pretend like it was a normal day and that his thoughts were not scattered completely.
By unspoken agreement, they rode to Kesmere in Arinna’s carriage, Derrick tying his horse Cobalt to the rear. They’d barely made it to the main road before the privacy got the better of them. He wasn’t even certain who kissed the other first, but knowing that they had the night ahead, hopefully, many nights ahead, spawned slow, sensual kissing that erased the world completely.
“Perhaps we should rethink this,” Arinna said as his lips slid down her neck. He paused, still too unsure of the situation to trust it as real. “This is not suitable clothing for evening,” she added. Derrick chuckled, his smile taking a wicked turn that made her blush. “You have employees,” she pointed out. “Kesmere is not Rhiol. There will be talk.”
He took her hand, sitting next to her as he tried to slow too rapid a heartbeat. “There already is talk. Besides, you’ve borrowed clothing there before,” he pointed out. Her frown reminded him of whose. “Probably not appropriate,” he agreed. 
Byran, Danielle, the rumors she feared, there were problems ahead, ones that he simply didn’t want to acknowledge. Not yet. Not while this was so new. 
“Kesmere or Rhiol? I’ll go wherever you want,” he said, instead. “The rest and I admit there are things to be dealt with, can wait a day or two.” He traced a line from her cheek to her lips. “But this isn’t going to be something that will stay hidden. There will be talk.” 
He couldn’t bring himself to ask if she could accept that. Instead, he watched her think. “Kesmere,” she said at last. “I’ve seemed to have already thrown good sense to the wind.” He kissed her again.
For lack of anything suitable, she wore one of his shirts in the morning. He admired the length of her legs beyond where the shirt ended very immodestly on her upper thigh. With buttons open to reveal enough of her chest to distract any potentially coherent thought, Derrick simply asked for breakfast to be brought to his room. 
“I think I could spend the day in here with you,” he admitted. 
She answered first by kissing him. “I thought Byran returned today,” Arinna pointed out after. 
Derrick groaned. “I should send word I am ill and to stay away.”
Arinna chuckled. “That could buy us a few days.” She nestled against him. “I’ll come back if you like. It isn’t fair you tell him alone.”
“But that means you are planning on leaving.”
Her laughter rolled deep and made him wish they really could spend the day together as they were, barely clothed and intimate in mood. Instead, within half an hour, Arinna put back on her afternoon dress and took a riding coat to wear over it. She’d sent her carriage home the day before and so borrowed a horse as well to ride to Rhiol through the more discreet trails. She left with a promise to return after lunch. For all the years he’d spent at Kesmere, Derrick had never felt it so empty as he waited. 
Byran and his family returned first. Santi and Cerilla spilled to the ground from the carriage, continuing an apparent fight. Isabella stepped down with a sigh and kiss on the cheek for Derrick. Byran rolled out last, squeezing the bridge of his nose as if he harbored the worst headache in the world. Derrick guessed he could have announced he’d married while they were away, and his friends wouldn’t have noticed. 
“Drink?” Derrick offered, guiding Byran houseward with a hand on his shoulder.
“Please,” Isabella said. 
“How was the trip?” Derrick asked brightly. Byran groaned.
Byran and Isabella had changed and were relaxing in the shade of the garden before Arinna joined them. Seeing her emerge from the back of the estate, Derrick rose to his feet before pausing. He couldn’t remember how he would have greeted her two days before. Arinna tossed him an amused glance before accepting a hug from Isabella and bending to kiss Byran’s cheek.
“My lord earl,” she said as a greeting to Derrick, laughter in her voice. Derrick offered her a chair, using it as an excuse as to why he’d stood. “How was your visit?” Arinna asked.
Isabella sighed as Byran launched into a detailed tirade on children fighting, their demands to ride a horse instead of in the carriage, and restlessness. 
“Why don’t you let them?” Arinna said. “Truly, take an extra horse or two and let them swap riding rather than sitting. It sounds like it would be a relief to everyone.”
“I have a mind to make them walk when we leave in three days,” Isabella said.
“Leave?” Arinna asked. “You are going back to the continent already?”
“No. A trip down the coast to see a bit of the countryside,” Byran said with a groan.
“My idea, I admit it. I’m hardly over here. I regret the thought already, dear,” Isabella said to Byran.
“I’m liking the idea of an extra horse,” Derrick said. “I’ll be taking one for myself at least.”
“You are not leaving me in the carriage alone with your offspring,” Isabella said to Byran before he could speak. 
“You are going as well?” Arinna asked Derrick. 
“They’ve asked me to play tour guide,” Derrick said, holding her gaze a moment longer than needed. He’d forgotten the pending trip until Byran’s return and mention of it. Derrick caught Isabella watching him as he looked away from Arinna. 
“You should come with us,” Byran said to Arinna.
“Oh, you do make it sound delightful, but I spoke to Captain Vries while I was at Rhiol. I need to leave for a few days myself,” Arinna replied. 
“You should come with us,” Derrick said, repeating Byran’s offer. “It would be expected and would make a good cover. You are gone too much without explanation.”
“Why is it expected?” Byran asked.
“Because they’re dating,” Isabella answered. 
Byran froze, narrowed gaze pivoting between Arinna and Derrick. “For real or pretend?”
“For real,” Arinna answered.
“I ask you if anything happened while we are gone, and you shrug,” Byran said to Derrick.
“I didn’t know where to start,” Derrick admitted. 
Byran took a deep breath, letting it out as he sat back in his chair. “I already told you my opinion on that. Don’t look so nervous.” He paused. “And now would be the time to offer drinks.”
“You had an opinion on this as well?” Arinna asked. 
“He thought it better than some of my other choices,” Derrick told her.
“Well, there is that.” Isabella prodded her husband. “You love them both. You should be happy.”
Byran offered a half smile. Derrick would have thought it sarcastic with everything that had come before, but a light touched Byran’s brown eyes as his gaze moved from Arinna to Derrick. “It will take some getting used to, but I am actually. Drinks?”
“Already arranged. They are coming.” Derrick shook his head at Byran’s insistence. “And who else has had an opinion on us?” Derrick asked Arinna.
“Captain Vries, of course,” she said.
The last month took on a different outlook with her words. “He set us up,” Derrick said, ignoring Byran’s laughter.
“Yes,” Arinna confirmed, then hesitated. Her gaze drifted to Isabella and Byran. “We need to be careful, all of us. What gave Jared the opportunity was started by someone else.”
“The report I found,” Byran said. “The one that started the rumor of you plotting a coup?”
“It wasn’t an accident, Byran. There are too many plots right now in Europe and beyond. Be careful, wherever you go.”
“Are you really gone from Rhiol that much? Where?” Isabella asked at Arinna’s nod.
“We have never stopped fighting the FLF, not outside of Europe. Though for the first time since the war left the continent, I have pulled the Guard back to our borders.”
“Why?” Byran asked, sitting up.
“Because we are spread too thin and pursued the FLF beyond what we can sustain.”
“Not because we are safe. Not because the war is over?” Isabella asked. 
“No,” Arinna said quietly. She looked at Derrick, and he read worry in her eyes. He took her hand, pulling her close for a moment. 
“There are things spoken of here that you cannot repeat,” Derrick said to Byran and Isabella. “Some of them I should have told you a long time ago.” Apparently, it was going to be a day of confessions. 





Chapter 31

CAPTAIN JARED VRIES
FINDING THE ENEMY

Jared and Arinna watched the satellite feed scrolling the image of a landscape of farmlands, rivers, and forests across the main monitor in Guard Command. 
“Where is this?” Arinna asked Kehm. 
“What was northern Mongolia,” he replied between sips of his coffee. 
“Do you want to run recon flights?” Farrak asked. The awe in his voice unnerved Jared. He flicked a glance sideways, seeing Arinna hesitate. She didn’t like it either. 
Farrak had been a double agent between Israel and Palestine before the war. There were times talking to him that Jared wasn’t sure if Farrak had known whose side he had really been on. His dark eyes and hair with permanently tan skin reminded him of the Bedouin tribes, but Farrak would only shrug noncommittally at his ancestry. And that was Farrak, nothing fazed him. Jared had never heard amazement or fear from Farrak, not until today.
“Makes me wonder what the FLF must think when they look at pictures of Europe,” Jared said. Arinna glanced at him where he leaned with arms and ankles crossed. Jared refused to be openly awed or intimidated by what they witnessed on the screen. This was the home of their enemy. If anything, Jared was happy they’d finally found it. 
“You think they have satellites?” Kehm asked, tensing to attention.
“You think they don’t?” Jared shot back.
Arinna frowned. “If they have this much agriculture and stability, we must assume they have other technology,” she said, agreeing with Jared.
“But most of their weapons have been outdated,” Gabriella countered. 
“Because that is what they have a ready supply of,” Arinna said. “When we find wherever they are shipping that much produce too, we’ll have a better idea of what they are capable of. And until then we lay low. No recons. I’m not showing off our planes or letting the FLF know we are close to finding them.”
“Crystal City,” Kieren said. 
“That is one of them,” Farrak replied. “At least we are getting close to at least one.”
Arinna dismissed her lieutenants. Jared knew that didn’t include him the same way Kehm stayed in Command while the three walked out talking. Of course, Jared doubted anything would make Kehm leave Command, even an incoming strike. 
“If it is FLF,” Jared said, voicing an idea he’d held back. “Until we confirm it, I think we should assume it could be any government. The FLF soldiers couldn’t point to any of the three cities on a map. For all we know, China could still exist.” 
“Exactly,” Arinna said. “Come on, we should get going.” She nudged Jared’s foot with her boot.
“Where are you going? Back to Rhiol?” Kehm asked. Jared cocked his head at her.
“No. We are heading out to talk to some of the FLF prisoners, and then we’re flying to Mongolia to do some recon,” she answered.
Jared grinned as he slid to his feet, Kehm frowning at both of them. “I thought you said you didn’t want the dactyls to be seen,” Kehm argued.
“We won’t be seen,” Jared tossed over his shoulder.
“That isn’t a cloaking device on that plane!” Kehm yelled as the door slid closed. 
“You sure you won’t be missing a date with your boyfriend?” Jared asked as he kept pace with Arinna down the hall.
“I’d think he is your boyfriend the way you praised him the other day,” Arinna shot back. “And no, there are too many other issues. Until we find out why Eldridge is trying to access our satellite feeds, the last thing we need is to narrow the search for where the FLF, or whoever we just found are, call home from here. Besides, Derrick is taking Byran and his family on a trip. Officially, I’m tagging along.”
“We could take them with us, and then you wouldn’t be lying,” Jared offered. 
“That is far more explaining than I’m prepared for!” Arinna said with a laugh. 
Readying for flight, especially a long one in a plane that didn’t require refueling, was a familiar process to Jared. There was comfort in the routine of ensuring the plane was airworthy; enough supplies were on hand, and that everything was stowed. And there was anticipation as well. There was no place like the air, especially these days when meeting another plane was unheard of. Being alone on the wing carried risks, but Jared loved the benefits. 
“If Eldridge is going to bleed the Guard dry of soldiers just to get rid of me, we are going to have to do something,” Arinna said as they settled into her dactyl, preflight checks complete. 
“What like play along into Gerschtein’s plan and have you step down from the Guard?” Jared asked. Arinna didn’t answer, which brought Jared’s full attention to her. “No,” he growled.
“We have to figure out something, and that is the direction things are heading. This, with Derrick, isn’t wise. As if the rumors Gerschtein started haven’t discredited me enough, I hardly needed to make one of them real.” Jared didn’t answer this time. He let his silence work on her as they flew east. “Well, suggest something else then,” she finally said to break the quiet.
“Do you really trust le Marc?” 
Jared thought again of the conversation when Renault had called Arinna through Kehm while both Jared and Kehm listened in. Le Marc had warned that Eldridge and Gerschtein were conspiring together and that Eldridge knew the Guard must be low on troops while Renault bemoaned his approaching death. It had sounded convincing. The surprise was that Boje supported Arinna even slightly. That Eldridge had finally decided to move against Arinna wasn’t news so much as knowing it was finally occurring. 
“I doubt le Marc told us everything, but I’d bet he doesn’t know it all either. He’s getting old. Everyone on the council is,” Arinna said at last.
“Oh, and we’re not getting old?”
“Well, apparently you’re getting old enough to want to play matchmaker,” Arinna countered. 
Despite the problems facing them, the conversation didn’t return to anything close to serious until they landed at the prisoner base. The corporal of the last FLF base they’d captured, the one meant to be a trap, was confused when Arinna and Jared asked questions on civilian dress, the language orders came in, and any clue to what life might be like to someone not out in the work camps. Another soldier had worked where clothing had been made, and it sounded on par with items Arinna would have worn to impress at her social engagements. Languages ranged from English to Mandarin with Russian thrown in. 
As the sun set on the first day of the five Arinna had free, they walked to the dactyl to fly east into the night. 
“Are we going to hunt down all three cities?” Jared asked the next morning.
They’d set down on a quiet patch of the steppes away from the work farms, and small communities they’d seen on the satellite feeds the day before.
“I’m starting to think there is only one city, not three,” she told him. “There are three languages and three names.”
“For one place.” Jared swore. “We’d have better odds of finding one in three than one in one,” he said to her amused look. 
“Well, Zuànshi means diamond. It could be just another name for Crystal City. And the search shouldn’t be that bad. If you were going to build a stronghold full of fine food, alcohol, and luxury goods, where would you put it?”
“Besides somewhere you can get all that crap brought in? Where the climate isn’t too bad,” he answered.
“Okay. Number one we follow the biggest roads. And I would say, based on history at least, which is just about how we are living these days with sailboats and horse-drawn carriages, we should look at places near water. And maybe somewhere a supply of oil could be transported to as well.” 
“I’m starting to see why we’re heading toward southern Russia,” he said with a frown. “Far enough away from the chaos of the last few decades, good farming, oil nearby ... and far enough away from us that we’d never get over there without the dactyls.”
“Which is why I don’t want them to know we have them. So let’s see how high these beauties fly,” Arinna replied. 
They were quiet again as Jared navigated along roadways invisible if not for the onboard cameras as they soared at the maximum altitude he’d risk the dactyl. Trying to stay unnoticed meant staying quiet. He kept the plane below the sonic border. Meanwhile, Arinna researched old maps, looking for likely places to build a city.
“Head here,” Arinna said, sending coordinates to Jared’s monitor as she sat back and rubbed her eyes.
“Lake Baikal?”
“An ancient deepwater lake. Besides, tell me Irkutsk doesn’t sound like Irkrist? I could see the Russian word for crystal getting morphed with the name of the old city on the lake.”
“Rationalize away, I’m just happy not to follow roads made for horses while flying in a jet.” Arinna laughed as Jared directed the plane cross-country. “We’ve got two hours till we’re there.”
Jared thought she’d sleep, but Arinna looked out the window at the cloud deck below them. He knew when thoughts were flipping through her mind and waited it out. The conversation on needed troops and MOTHER’s plans the day before bothered him. He’d never thought to see Arinna feeling cornered enough to consider taking a fall even if the rumors on her conduct had grown to whispers more insidious. 
“You should marry Maureen,” Arinna said, turning to face him. Jared was too startled to answer, previous thoughts evaporating. Glancing at Arinna, he saw she was serious. “I mean if you want to? If you prefer to stay dating, I’m not going to push you.” She smirked at his silence.
Jared blushed, one of the few times he could think of that Arinna made him do so. “I ... no, I love her. Of course, I’d marry Maureen, but the Guard rule against marriage–”
“Is about the only damn rule we haven’t broken,” she snapped. “Seriously Jared, what the hell are we thinking that we follow that rule when we’ve trashed all the others?”
Jared chuckled at both the realization and her anger. “Things a bit more serious between you and Derrick than I thought?” This was not the conversation he’d thought they’d be having based on Arinna’s silence and the problems ahead of them. But it was a fun turn. 
“Hah, no. That isn’t a discussion we’ve had,” Arinna said, racking her fingers through her short hair. “Not to mention he has a fiancée.”
“Right. You wouldn’t run away with him then?”
“We’ve only been together a handful of days,” Arinna pointed out, tossing Jared a grin. “If he’d ask, I’d steal a boat and head to a quiet island with him tomorrow.”
“I knew you’d like each other,” Jared said, content to see her happy even if the relationship came with hurdles. He couldn’t imagine one for her that didn’t.
“Shut up.”
The warm glow faded slowly, bringing him back to what had begun the conversation. “You serious about that?”
“Running away with Derrick and leaving you with all this? Hell, yes.” Arinna fell silent. The dactyl’s hum vibrated the plane as Jared waited. “Yeah, I’m serious,” she answered. “Marry her, Jared. If she says yes. The idea might finally bring her to her senses.”
“God, I hope not. That would be my luck.” Jared looked over at her. “Really, though, what made you think of that?”
“With everything going on, the good and the bad, life seems too short to not celebrate the good,” she said, eyes more somber than he’d seen in a long time.
“Shit. I thought hooking up with Derrick would cheer you up.” She hit him on the shoulder in answer. The plane swerved as he ducked. “Sheesh, careful or there won’t be any weddings to be celebrating.”
“You’re a fighter pilot, Captain. I would think you could keep the plane steady.”
“Well, the munitions are usually aimed at the plane, not me.”
“You really going to have a big wedding?” she asked with a grin.
“Hell, with MOTHER having a tizzy over everything, are you kidding?” Jared said. “This just might distract them from aiming all their ire at you. It’s going to be the biggest party Europe has seen in a long time.” Jared grinned at Arinna. “The war’s supposed to be over, isn’t it? I can’t wait to see how an organization that isn’t supposed to exist tries to stop the first wedding of the post-war Guard.”
Arinna laughed. “Assuming you invite me, I might have to ask Derrick to be my date in that case.”
“Invite you? You have to be best man. We’ll have Kehm handle the arrangements.”
“Don’t forget you need to ask Maureen first.”
“And find a ring. I don’t even know her size,” Jared confessed. Marriage hadn’t really been on his mind before. 
Arinna shook her head, freezing as something toward the horizon caught her eye. “Are those buildings?” she asked, checking their location. 
Lake Baikal lay due east. Near the shore, flashes reflected dim sunlight. As the clouds broke, lofty buildings of glass and steel blazed in rainbows of colors. 
“That explains why they call it Crystal City,” Arinna said in hushed tones.
“Damn,” Jared said as the last of his breath exited in awe. “I don’t think I’ve seen a city so beautiful even before the world went to shit. Do we have to blow it up?”
Arinna’s gaze remained on the glass towers as Jared banked the dactyl far above. Both watched the actual structures rather than the images on the monitors. Green parks looked like verdant emeralds next to the clear towers. The lake was sapphire. 
“They created that with slave laborers and farmers who never see anything an eighth that nice,” she pointed out.
“Yeah, but now that it’s there.” Jared trailed off, knowing his desire was silly, but destroying Crystal City felt like planning to blow up a cathedral.
“No, we’re not going to blow up,” Arinna said. “We need to find a way of infiltrating it to see what they have, especially weapons.”





Chapter 32

THE BARON VASQUEZ
OLD ENGAGEMENTS

Derrick was whistling. It took Byran a few minutes to acknowledge that his friend rode beside him, whistling absentmindedly like, well, like a man in love. 
“Looking forward to getting back to Kesmere?” Byran asked. 
Derrick flushed, whistle dying mid-note. Byran felt guilty for the sideways glance Derrick sent his way. That and a little annoyed. 
“I told you I’m happy for you and Arinna. Stop treating me like a child who lost his favorite toy,” Byran grumped. 
Derrick chuckled, mood too good to so easily be wrecked. “Very well. Yes, I’m happy to be heading home.” He started whistling again.
Byran smiled though he hid it from Derrick with a casual glance across the countryside. The only thing that surprised Byran about the last few days was how quickly he’d forgiven Derrick for hiding the truth about MOTHER. That betrayal had hurt on a level he’d never expected from Derrick. They’d fought over girls before as teenagers. And seeing two people he loved so happy alleviated any lingering sadness Arinna’s final rejection had brought. Byran had a full share of life, one that he did cherish. And now he was no longer torn between wanting her and wanting what he had. 
But learning that Derrick’s father and the other so-called advisors to parliament manipulated information, votes, and decisions to ‘guide’ the ruling of Europe had brewed a storm in Byran he hadn’t thought would pass. But four days with Derrick acting favorite uncle to Santi and Cerilla, and giving Byran and Isabella some carefree time to explore little towns along the lakes had gone a long way to healing the rift between Derrick and Byran over the secrets Derrick had kept. Realizing how much the confession and Derrick’s happiness had brought back the parts of his friend Byran had missed for years smoothed over the rest. 
“It is going to rain. I told you,” Isabella snapped from inside the carriage ahead of them. “Your father and Derrick are riding, and you are not.”
“But Cerilla rode all morning,” Santi whined. “When will it be my turn?”
“When it starts raining buckets,” Isabella said. Silence fell once again in the vehicle. 
Byran tried not to laugh so loud that anyone in the carriage heard him. When he looked over and saw Derrick fighting fits of giggles, Byran reined in his horse to at least give him distance if he couldn’t control his chuckling. Derrick waited alongside, both gasping with laughter until the carriage was a few hundred feet ahead. 
“She’ll never forgive me if she heard me laugh at that,” Byran rasped as they started again. 
“I think she’ll just leave you out here if it does start raining,” Derrick replied. 
The clouds were lowering to meet the mist lying in the valleys. The air felt thick with moisture, the dampness a welcome relief from days of August heat. Assuming it didn’t end up being a drencher, Byran felt he’d just as happily ride through a shower. 
“We’ll be lucky to reach Kesmere before this hits,” Byran said. The clouds ahead were noticeably darker. “When will Arinna return?”
“Later today as well,” Derrick replied. “I’ve been thinking about Prague. Would you and Isabella mind if I stayed with you until I found a place?” 
Byran was so startled that he squeezed the reins too tight. His horse tossed its head, stamping until he released the pressure. “You’re coming to Prague? To session?” 
“Yes,” Derrick said, heavy thoughts quieting his voice. “You’ll need my help to find a way to circumvent MOTHER. Or we need to find a way to make parliament aware of what they are doing. Together, we’ll figure out something.” 
“It has nothing to do with the fact your girlfriend will spend most of the winter there?” Byran countered to hide how pleased he was to hear of Derrick’s plan.
“That does make it more attractive, yes,” Derrick responded with a flash of a smile. 
They debated ideas the remainder of the ride until rain pelted the fields next to them. The storm overtook the carriage in a gust of wet wind. Derrick glanced skywards before turning up the collar of his riding jacket. The drops were colder than Byran expected, but he stuck it out too, feeling mollified when Derrick assured him they’d reach Kesmere in less than half an hour. 
The rain came down hard and steady as they reached the manor’s drive. Byran was soaked through as the carriage stopped in front of the house; he and Derrick riding their horses on to the stable.
“There is no need for you to do that,” Isabella said from the interior of the house as Byran and Derrick entered by the side door. 
“I insist,” a woman answered. Her voice halted Derrick so suddenly that Byran banged into him. “Really, what on earth were you doing riding in this weather. You should have gotten in the carriage. That’s why you have one,” Danielle said cheerily, coming round the corner with towels in her hand. She thrust one at Byran and shook out the other to pat the moisture off Derrick, leaning in as if she expected a hug or kiss.
“Danielle, I did not expect you. Did you send word?” Derrick asked his posture as inviting as a pole. 
“No, I wanted to surprise you. I thought we’d spend the weeks until session together. I suppose that is what I get for acting on a whim because I missed you, to come all this way and you to be out. Was it just the three of you, and the children, of course, on holiday?”
Derrick took the towel, drying off his face as he walked to the front of the house. “How is your father? I heard he has been unwell,” he asked, ignoring Danielle’s chatty question. 
Byran followed after more slowly, taking Isabella’s hand where she waited wide-eyed in the corridor. “We have to warn Arinna. The woman is here snooping, and hopefully, she isn’t just pretending she doesn’t know anything,” Isabella whispered.
“I know. If Derrick can’t get away, I’ll warn Arinna,” Byran reassured his wife. 
“He has been tired of late,” Danielle was saying as the four met in the front entryway. “But he is well enough.” 
“That is good,” Derrick replied civilly. “I hope you weren’t waiting long for us to return?”
“I only arrived yesterday. I didn’t mind waiting. It was very pleasant to have the run of the manor,” Danielle said. “I forgot how much I liked it here.” 
“You should change,” Isabella said to Byran, turning away from the possessive smile on Danielle’s face. “You’ll catch a cold. I’ll ask for soup and tea for both of you.” Isabella waved a hand at Derrick as well. 
“Yes, we’ll see to ordering tea and dinner. You both go and dry off,” Danielle said, taking Isabella’s arm like they were conspirators. Isabella stiffened as she shot Byran a frantic look. 
Derrick offered a stilted thank you before he headed upstairs. Byran debated following him but opted to find dry clothing before tracking Derrick down to decide what to do. Derrick was pulling on a shirt when Byran walked into his room. Derrick shot him a look before relaxing.
“I thought you were Danielle,” he said as an apology.
“Was she in here?” Byran asked, glancing around the master bedroom.
“Yes,” Derrick said curtly.
“That is odd? Her room is in the other wing.”
“As far as I know, she’s never set foot in here before. But then she’s never been alone in Kesmere either. Dammit, I wish I knew if it were her father or mine that sent her here now.”
“Best to bet both. You said they arranged your engagement together. You think an effort to remind you, rather visibly, that you are still tied to them, and Danielle is due to only one?” Byran asked as Derrick hesitated.
“No, you are most likely right. I’d hoped maybe one of them would be tired of this foolishness by now,” Derrick said, finishing the buttons on his shirt.
“That’s easy enough done, toss her out.” Derrick stared at the wall after Byran’s suggestion, finally sighing, but not giving an answer. “Don’t you back down now. I don’t care what you promised Danielle and that you prefer to keep your word. What was last week with Arinna? A lie as much as this charade?” Byran hissed.
“Do you think it is that easy? That I should just tell her to pack her things and go back to her father?” Derrick’s stumble on the word father told Byran a little of why Derrick tried to protect Danielle. 
“Yes,” Byran said. “Anything less is going to cause you grief.”
That took the anger out of Derrick. Gaze falling to the floor, Derrick ran a hand over his forehead. “Not tonight. Let me see why she is here, if she’ll tell me the truth. Do me the favor of covering a few minutes. I need to call Arinna, and I want to see how much of my study Danielle has been through.”
Byran didn’t answer, just walked to the door with a shake of his head. He could feel Derrick’s gaze on him, begging for Byran to trust him. Byran couldn’t find a way to explain that he trusted the Derrick he’d seen earlier on the road, not the one who had pretended to be engaged for six years to a woman he didn’t love. 
They had a quiet and awkward evening as the rain wrapped around the lakes. Danielle chatted animatedly with Isabella, who reciprocated with brief answers. When Isabella joined Byran to see a comment of interest, he pointed out in the paper he was reading, she whispered quietly to him, “I hate that woman. If Derrick doesn’t get rid of her soon, we are leaving for Prague early. I cannot take another day of her.”
“I don’t want to leave him alone with her,” Byran admitted. Isabella rolled her eyes.
“Fine, you can stay with the happy couple.” 
Byran wanted to imagine his wife would see the need to stay. But she didn’t know Derrick the way he did. She’d never really known him as the fearless teen he’d been. Her worries didn’t include Derrick slipping back into a life and person that ill-suited the man he should be. And Byran had to admit, his wife’s summer had been difficult enough. Sticking out a few days, perhaps weeks, with Danielle, was most likely one favor too many to ask of Isabella. Trapped again by Danielle, Byran completely understood when a faint creak elsewhere in the manor bolted Isabella to check on the kids. Byran had no doubt his wife would not come downstairs again that night.  
After a few minutes of Isabella’s absence, Danielle narrowed her eyes at Byran before moving to sit next to Derrick where he looked over correspondence that had arrived while he was away. 
“A summer ball later this week? Will it still occur if it is raining?” she asked Derrick, picking up the folded invitation. 
“Yes. The house holds a ballroom large enough,” he replied.
“We should go. We’ve not been to a ball together in years.”
“Have you ever been to a ball together?” Byran asked.
Danielle shot him another dark look before placing a hand on Derrick’s shoulder. “We have. Do you remember that first summer after the war ended? I spent most of it here. I think there was a party nearly every night. It was so lovely.” Danielle said the last in a low voice full of memories.
Derrick froze, the paper in his hand twitching with a barely suppressed emotion. Byran cursed, annoyed that Danielle knew Derrick well enough to find a weak point. Danielle knew it too. She smiled slyly at Byran.
“You must be tired from the journey, especially the last in the rain. Don’t let us keep you up,” she said to Byran.
“Not at all,” Byran said, flipping open the reports he’d received on preliminary issues for discussion at the fall parliamentary session. “Just continue on as if I weren’t here.” 
Derrick coughed, flashing Byran an amused glance. “Why don’t you get a bottle of wine?” he asked Danielle. She rose stiffly, tossing one last look at Byran over her shoulder. 
“I appreciate how much you don’t like her,” Derrick said quietly after Danielle left. “But I’ll never find out why she’s come if you hang in here all night.”
“Just tell me you got word to Arinna,” Byran said, folding the paperwork.
“I left a message. She hadn’t returned yet.” Byran watched Derrick a moment. “Do you think I’m enjoying this?” he snapped. “I’d intended to be at Rhiol tonight.” Derrick’s voice was rougher on the last. That was what convinced Byran, the mix of longing and frustration in Derrick’s tone.
“Let me know if there is anything I can do,” Byran offered as he stood. He met Danielle at the door. “I’m going to turn in though I see you anticipated that.” Byran nodded to the two glasses she carried along with a bottle of wine. 
“I know why he asked me to leave for a moment,” Danielle retorted with a cold smile. There was victory in her grey eyes.
“Good. Then have a lovely evening,” Byran said with enough warmth that her smile faltered.

 

Chapter 33

THE LADY GREY
FALTERING

Arinna read the note Kehm said had come from Christophe in Rhiol. “Love note from your boyfriend?” Jared asked with a yawn. 
His typical lean contained more of a slouch than normal. Not that Arinna blamed him. Five days of flying, the last two fretting and planning over what they’d found and how they could keep that information quiet, had exhausted her enough that the message from Derrick held a hint of relief. At least she didn’t have to go back to Rhiol tonight. Because there was nothing to go back to, apparently.
“On the contrary, something else entirely,” Arinna said, balling the message in her fist. Jared sent her a sharper look. Arinna tried to control the slip in her anger. Jared read her too well after the years of fighting side by side. Despite exhaustion, he looked ready to take on an assault.
“Go home. Your wi—Maureen,” Arinna corrected with a grin that made Kehm glance between the two of them, “hasn’t seen you in five days. Nor your brood. We’ll talk about this more in the morning.”
“You’ll be here?” Jared asked. His intense gaze indicated he knew she wouldn’t discuss what they needed to over a comm line.
“Yes. There is no need for me to return tonight,” Arinna said. 
The tension in Jared’s form relaxed as he looked at her with a gaze of tender concern she was not used to seeing on his face, at least not directed her way. “Do you want to talk?”
“Go home,” she snapped.
“Just one beer? Maureen will understand.”
“Damn you,” Arinna hissed, angry with herself that his offer brought the sting of tears to her eyes. She blinked them away, but not before he noticed. Jared pushed off from the desk, but before he crossed the room, Kehm interrupted.
“There is something else,” Kehm said, hesitantly, which unnerved Arinna. 
Jared joined her, leaning against her desk without the casual pose. Jared was tense, even if he tried to appear not. Shoulder to shoulder, they waited for their Chief Communications Officer to brief them on whatever else had happened and couldn’t wait. 
“We had an inquiry from a senator today asking if it were true Arinna was under investigation for misdirecting funds,” Kehm said.
“The coup story again?” Arinna asked, weary of it to her bones.
“Not necessarily. I thought so at first, but he never mentioned what the funds were being taken for.” Kehm paused again, and Arinna tensed waiting for something worse. “He said he was aware of the meetings between Captain Vries and Secretary Gerschtein’s office of finance.”
Jared cursed, launching himself across the room in a quick pace to turn on his heel and stare at her. “She used me. Gerschtein wasn’t trying to feed me information to win me to her side. She was just setting up evidence to prove her rumors correct.”
Arinna rubbed a hand across her eyes, beyond feeling frustrated. “Was there anything else?” she asked Kehm.
“He said he was seeking confirmation as he was considering calling an early session of parliament to deal with the matter.”
Jared strung a few words together that managed to lighten the heaviness weighing the air in the room. “And you told him?” Arinna asked, flicking Jared a smile. It calmed him, slightly.
“What you had said at the beginning of the summer. We have been tallying the costs of the war and lost equipment. Captain Vries has been working with Gerschtein on it since the spring. I tried to track down where he’d heard it from, but ...” Kehm shrugged. “We should have seen this coming.”
“Probably,” Arinna agreed. 
But she hadn’t. Gerschtein had been successful enough to move a senator to call for action. Time had run out. Both Jared and Kehm stood waiting for her to say more. But her mind was blank. 
“He’d like to speak to Captain Vries directly,” Kehm added when she said nothing. “I told him it would be tomorrow.”
“That is better than wanting to get confirmation from Gerschtein,” Arinna said, feeling a hint of relief.
“Barely, Gerschtein will expect me to confirm it,” Jared said, looking ill. 
“Fine, we’ll talk about that in the morning too before you make the call,” she said. Dealing with it tonight seemed too much. Jared gave her a look that would have been more fitting if she’d ordered the death of everyone involved. “Go home, Captain,” she growled.
“Nope. You agreed to drinks,” he replied, rejoining her and tossing a casual arm across her shoulders. He pulled her along toward the door. As much as she didn’t want a beer, preferring instead the day to be over, Jared was difficult to swerve once his mind was determined. She let him nudge her along. 
“What was in the note?” Jared asked as they walked down the hallway towards his office.
“I thought I was getting a beer first. And when did you start keeping drinks in your office?” she asked, feeling persnickety.
“When did I stop?” he countered with a wink. 
Jared riffled in the back of a desk drawer as Arinna settled into the most comfortable of the chairs he kept. The beers he pulled out were dusty enough that she couldn’t berate him. 
“Saving these for a special occasion?” she asked, cleaning hers before she attempted to drink from it. The question was only half joking. 
“Emergency rations,” he reassured her.
“This is hardly an emergency,” Arinna said, opening hers anyway.
“Yeah, but most problems that make you want a beer in our line of work don’t come with the time to actually have one.”
Arinna sputtered on her first mouthful, choking on suds. Jared tossed a semi-clean shirt at her to help wipe up the overflow on her chin. “You need more practice drinking,” he told her.
“I need you to not try and kill me with your smart mouth!” Despite her griping, it took Arinna three attempts to take another drink as she fought laughter each time she put the bottle to her lips. “You are a pain in the ass.”
“That’s what Maureen says too. So what did the note say?”
“Danielle, Derrick’s fiancée, is at Kesmere,” Arinna said flatly.
“Oh,” Jared answered, drawing the sound out. He took a long drink from his beer. “But you knew about her. He doesn’t mean to keep the engagement?”
“I really don’t know, Jared,” Arinna said, running a hand through her hair and pulling at the tips. “I told you, the relationship is too new. We haven’t really talked about what we are doing.”
“You should go back and find out.”
“Where, at the next ball? I’ve spent the summer amid rumors of an affair with Byran followed by one with Derrick. I’m getting quite the reputation. I can imagine the fun gossipers will be having at this turn: the Lady Grey, her lover, and his fiancée. It sounds almost as good as the Lady Grey, her lover the Baron Vasquez, and his wife. Though neither really compares to what Kehm just told us.” Arinna felt the worry of it finally. The beer turned sour in her stomach. 
It took Jared a moment to sort through her sarcasm and predict where her thoughts were headed. He slammed his bottle down onto his desk with enough force suds splashed over the top. “Don’t you even say it. This is not damaging the Guard. You are not stepping down.”
“I could use the offer to barter with MOTHER for soldiers. We need more troops.”
Jared stared at her, green eyes wild until they narrowed with fury she didn’t think Jared had in him. “Bullshit. We’ll tell fucking parliament there is still a war before we barter a deal with MOTHER. Get this idea out of your head!”
“Danielle did not just show up randomly at Kesmere,” Arinna snapped in return. “Eldridge and le Marc sent her. This after I warned Eldridge to keep Danielle away in case Gerschtein managed to link Renault, him, and myself as co-conspirators. She could take all three of us down with her little whispers. But that’s it. Eldridge isn’t worried about that. This proves what le Marc told us. Eldridge and Gerschtein have teamed up. I’ve done nothing but play into MOTHER’s plots all summer, and now you have as well. They want me gone.”
“And you are going to leave over a few rumors? This is crazy. In the morning, I’m telling this senator that there has been no investigation. I’m not confirming Gerschtein’s mad story. I don’t care if you order me to,” Jared growled.
“You haven’t heard those rumors. They’ve grown worse. It isn’t about not receiving invitations to parties. Even Christophe and Tomas have heard former Guard talking. I don’t think I even have a war reputation left to protect.”
“Damn it, I have heard them. I heard them from soldiers who don’t know shit, and I and the lieutenants set them straight.”
“Thanks, Jared. That fucking helps.” 
“After all of these years, you are going to give in to MOTHER? This isn’t like you, Arinna,” Jared said, expression caught between anger and concern. “We can deal with one lousy senator.”
Arinna sat back, tired and refusing to think about all the reasons why. “Before they were rumors, but now Gerschtein has planted truth in them ... as have I,” she admitted, thinking of Derrick. “And one hint of truth makes the rest more powerful.” Arinna paused to gauge Jared’s reaction. He still looked angry. “The best way to keep as much of the Guard as possible intact, to save you and the lieutenants, is to step aside now. Before this does go in front of parliament.”
“MOTHER would never let it go that far. They’d be too afraid you’d reveal something. Gerschtein is hedging you’ll back down, especially if I turn against you. We’ll prove her wrong. And so what if you have a relationship with Derrick? Admit to it and kill the rumors,” Jared shot back. 
“What about Danielle?” she retorted. “I told you, I don’t know Derrick’s intentions. Danielle arrives, and the first thing Derrick does is to tell me not to come to Kesmere. That isn’t exactly reassuring! Jared, Derrick has told us both how much Eldridge doesn’t want him near the Guard. I never considered what Eldridge would do if he found out about Derrick and me.”
“Dammit. I will accept Derrick’s oath and swear him into the Guard,” Jared growled. “Then Eldridge can be mad at both of us. No,” he said, cutting off Arinna when she went to argue. “This is done. You are not taking a fall for some half thought out idea to barter for soldiers. There are other ways.”
“And how long do we have to come up with them, Captain? You know how few soldiers we have. How much do you want to risk Europe now that you’ve seen what the FLF call home?”
Jared’s eyes didn’t even flicker with doubt. He crossed his arms. “That’s right, I’m Captain. I’m calling the shots. For once, I’m pulling rank. Go home, my lady. If you want to see what it would be like to be retired and left with no duties other than as a figurehead of what you were, you shall have it. You’re on leave until further notice. No contact with Command until I say.”
“Can I take my plane or are you going to have me escorted out?” Arinna spat. To her surprise, Jared hesitated. That was when she realized he was serious. Despite the beer, it left her mouth dry.
“I’ll send someone to pick it up tomorrow.”
This was a side of him that Arinna had never seen. He acted every ounce the military commander he tried so hard not to emulate. That he’d do it to order her out was an ironic twist she could almost appreciate. If only it didn’t hurt so badly. 
She slammed her bottle onto his desk, causing foam to cascade down the neck, and stormed out before she, or Jared, had the sense to apologize. She was tired from the flight, but more from the rumors swirling all summer as well as worries of the choice she’d made that left the Guard with too few soldiers to fight. At least before she could say she protected Europe. Now her actions threatened even that. All she wanted to do was set a series of wrong decisions right. And that meant walking away from the Guard, now before there wasn’t an opportunity to gain anything. Jared would see it. She’d make him. But not tonight.
Arinna walked straight to the hangar, ignoring her room, Command, and even the items she’d brought on the mission with her. With only the clothes she wore, she took a shadowcraft and launched it skyward without clearing the flight. Captain Vries could deal with the mess.
When she arrived at Rhiol in midnight darkness, she found Jared had made good on his order. All communications were down. The computers tucked in Rhiol’s basement were no longer on standby, but sat silent and powered off. Finger over the switch to turn them on, Arinna hesitated. Annoyed again, she turned away. She wouldn’t beg, not to Jared and not after being home a mere half-hour, damn him. She could wait him out. 





Chapter 34

THE LADY GREY
THE FINAL CHOICE

Despite lack of sleep, Arinna chose not to be present that afternoon when the promised pick up of her small shadowcraft occurred. On horseback at the edge of Rhiol’s woods, Arinna watched another plane arrive. There was a half hour delay before both took off together. The only consolation was that it wasn’t her dactyl being shepherded back to Command. The separation was painful enough. Arinna didn’t think she could stand seeing her fighter taken away.
And that was Jared’s point, Arinna realized. Returning to Rhiol, Arinna had no connection remaining to the Guard and who she was other than dead computing equipment in the basement. She could only leave Rhiol by carriage. To return to Prague, she’d have to book passage on a ship. This was civilian life with no news on the war or her troops, no discussions on Crystal City and how to infiltrate it, and horizons only as broad as a horse could carry her. This was the life everyone thought she led. It was also the life she’d just offered to accept to save the Guard. Arinna laughed at how unreal it felt. 
On the counter in the kitchen, Arinna found a note. “Hoped to see you,” Kieren wrote. “Picked up your transport for repairs and upgrade as Jared requested. Pretty house, almost Irish. See you soon, K.”
That soothed Arinna slightly. Jared hadn’t told Kieren, or anyone other than Kehm most likely, that she was barred from the Guard. This was to be a quiet punishment at least. Until it became an official choice.
Arinna kicked about Rhiol for two more days, trying to avoid the basement and her office. The quiet electronics and recent memories reminded her too much of things she was trying to leave undisturbed. It was not simply the silence from Command that grated her. Not another word came from Kesmere either. That abrupt rejection was as unexpected as Jared tossing her back to Rhiol and carried similar cutting pain.
It was an afternoon of fitful clouds and wind that brought a reminder of the approaching fall when Arinna heard a carriage stop in Rhiol’s yard. Isabella was at the door by the time Arinna opened it. 
“I’m here to ask if I could borrow a cup of sugar?” Isabella said formally. Arinna did not know Byran’s wife well enough to guess what caused the stiff anger suffusing her. “That is what neighbors ask of each other, isn’t it?” A glaze of tears rushed over Isabella’s dark brown eyes. 
That told Arinna at least a little of why Isabella was at her door. “Only if you come in for tea. I think that is the way of these things. You ask for sugar and are mercilessly trapped into being polite for several hours.”
“Sounds lovely. Can we skip the tea, though? I’d prefer whiskey,” Isabella said, accepting Arinna’s invitation to come in.
“No children?” Arinna asked, glancing toward the yard and carriage before closing the door.
“Not today. They are out riding with their father, Derrick, and her highness. I claimed a headache. A better excuse would have been to ask you for aspirin,” Isabella replied.
“That, my dear, is what the whiskey is.” The two women shared a grin. 
The story of Danielle’s arrival and the polite tenseness of the last few days spilled from Isabella without prompting. “Byran is worried about him,” Isabella said with a quick glance at Arinna. “Have you heard much from Derrick?”
“Only the day you arrived at Kesmere to find Danielle there,” Arinna told her. 
Isabella’s eyes widened a fraction. That wasn’t the answer Isabella expected. It made Arinna nervous. 
“What has Derrick said?” Arinna asked, needing to know how things stood.
“To me, nothing. He told Byran that he wanted time to ascertain why his father had sent Danielle.”
“I would think that would be obvious,” Arinna replied.
“So do I.” Isabella sighed as she stared out the window a moment before giving her attention back to Arinna. “He’s stalling.”
“So it seems.”
Isabella stayed a little longer, trying to find a topic that didn’t involve Derrick or Danielle. She ended up describing Merimarche, her home with Byran along the Costa del Sol. Isabella had a gift for descriptions, especially of a place she loved. 
“It sounds perfect,” Arinna said when Isabella fell silent. Isabella flinched before setting her cup down. 
“It isn’t, but I love it and him. You’ve never seen Merimarche?” she asked, voice quivering.
“No,” Arinna said, taking Isabella’s hand. “It was never like that between Byran and I. I swear to you. We’ve loved each other, but we’ve never been more to each other than very good friends. As difficult as that can be at times with him.”
Isabella chuckled, wiping away a tear. “I do believe you, and he has said the same. I guess I needed to hear it from you as well. Thank you.” 
She left soon after, leaving behind sadness that Arinna couldn’t shake. She took her horse Raven for a ride instead, galloping across fields in a hope of clearing her head and heart. Both remained lost in the rising mist of early evening. 
Arinna had resorted to reading a book, one on spying techniques when she heard Raven neigh a challenge and greeting to another stallion. It was an easy guess whose that was.
“I’m surprised you are here considering your fiancée is at Kesmere,” Arinna said coldly as she let Derrick in, taking him no farther than the dimly lit kitchen. 
“She is not that sort of fiancée, you know that,” Derrick snapped, his mood as taciturn as hers. 
“But she is still your fiancée.”
“At the moment. Give me a day at least, Arinna.”
“You’ve had several. Not that it truly concerns me.” She held up a hand to stall a retort. He looked at her uneasily. “You do not need to keep me privy to your personal affairs.”
“I am trying to find out what she knows, and why she is here,” he protested. “Do you think the week with you meant nothing?”
“And when you find out what it is she is doing, what will you do then? Kiss her on the cheek and send her back to Prague?” 
Derrick didn’t answer, which told Arinna quite a bit about the plan he didn’t have. She’d forgotten how much pain relationships could cause; as if the beginning of summer with Byran hadn’t been reminder enough.
“Speaking of Prague,” she said. “Tell me, Derrick, if you had to choose between your father and the Guard, who would win?”
Anger flashed in his eyes. He’d told her why he’d come to Kesmere and why he’d not rejoined the Guard. She knew the answer to the question. He just needed to be reminded of it. Derrick glanced away first, looking tired and worn.
“I can’t do this,” she said to him a little more kindly. Endings were always hard. “I can’t risk the Guard and Jared, not even for you. I need to finalize a decision and then I’m leaving.”
Whatever else the future held, Arinna realized her home and place was not Rhiol. She wasn’t sure if she could salvage anything of her reputation or remain with the Guard, but living amid the lakes while keeping social engagements, if she still received those invitations, did not suit her. She’d rather become a nanny to Byran’s children than live like this.
“This isn’t why I came here tonight,” he said quietly. “Even if it is what I needed to hear.”
“Then why?”
“I miss you.”
They stared at each other a moment. “I miss you too,” she said grudgingly. “You look horrible.”
“I feel worse, especially now.”
Arinna gave a quiet snort. “My pleasure.” Another thought occurred to her. “Have you heard from Captain Vries?”
“No. Why would I hear from him without you knowing?”
Arinna shrugged. “Something he said when we last spoke.”
“Last spoke?” Derrick was all tension again.
“It is a long story, longer than I think you have. Did you sneak out?”
“No,” Derrick said. “It is my house, I don’t need to sneak out.” He paced away, gaze taking in the kitchen and the dark countryside outside before returning to her. “We were at an evening party. The trip home was tense. I left for a ride.”
“Isabella stopped by earlier. She said Byran is worried about you,” Arinna confessed. 
Derrick shook his head without comment. “What happened between you and Jared?”
“A fight,” Arinna admitted. “I’m grounded. Literally,” she said the last without the cocky attitude. It still hurt. 
“That is ... unnerving actually. Do you disagree often?” Derrick rejoined her, staring far more intently into her eyes than she felt comfortable.
“No, and I don’t want to talk about it, and I think you should leave, Derrick.” If she thought it would help, she would have pushed him to the door. 
“This isn’t over. I don’t want this to be over. I’m not going to spend the next five years regretting a decision I felt forced into.”
“I don’t see what choice you have,” she said. 
He answered by kissing her. Just like the first time, she meant to resist. Too many problems lay in keeping a relationship with him. The chance for any of it to work was meager. But what she’d said to Jared surfaced as well. Life was too fleeting not to celebrate the good. She kissed him back. 
“Every decision I have made this week has been challenged,” Arinna said, frustrated though she stayed in Derrick’s arms.
Derrick brushed fingertips along her cheek. “If they were as bad as deciding to break up with me, I can see why.”
“Worse possibly,” Arinna confessed, pain in her voice. Derrick pulled back enough to gaze into her face. 
“The fight with Captain Vries? A falling out?” Arinna nodded. Derrick swore under his breath. “Well, whatever it is, he’s right.”
“Excuse me?” Arinna asked, startled. 
“Are you still breaking up with me?” he asked, laughter deepening his voice.
“I should,” Arinna snipped before resting her forehead against his shoulder. The fight drained out of her as she leaned against him. God, he was trouble.
“Give me another day. That is all I ask,” Derrick said, holding her. “And you should come to the ball tomorrow night. Your absence, since we’ve supposedly just returned on holiday together, has been noted, even with Danielle here. You can’t hide. It is making matters worse.” 
“If you care so much about appearances, I would think it would be worse to have both your fiancée and your lover there. You can’t exactly escort us both.”
“I’m choosing you. I’m choosing the Guard. Just give me until the end of the ball, please?” He accented the request with another kiss. 
“I’ll consider it,” she said. 
She did not want to attend another ball, especially one with Derrick and Danielle. Yet if she meant to end the rumors to save face and undo the harm she’d so willingly let Gerschtein lead her into, Arinna’s best option was to tackle them directly as Jared had said. That meant the ball. It meant either trusting Derrick or turning her back on him publicly. 
That was a truth that the hours spent cut off in Rhiol had taught her. If Jared meant the break as a lesson, she was learning it finally. Derrick suggested Jared was right, and maybe he was. Arinna could use the time stuck in Rhiol before fall session began as a chance to undo the damage the summer and Gerschtein had caused, if it could be undone. Her home was with the Guard. Damn MOTHER, they would not take that away.
“It is late, you should head back. I don’t need Danielle searching for you.” 
“I don’t want to go,” he said quietly. “There is more wrong here than you are saying.”
“You staying will not solve anything. Deal with your problems first,” she told him, brushing his lips with hers. “I will handle mine, at least the ones I can solve now.”
Derrick left, though hesitantly, as if he sensed the undercurrent between them. He’d asked for a day. The pressure of passing seconds and things left to undo charged the air between them. 
Arinna waited until the night was quiet again before she walked down to the basement. She flipped on the computers, drumming her fingers as the electronics warmed up. “Kehm, I need to speak to Captain Vries,” she said into the comm without preamble. 
“I will patch you through,” Kehm answered immediately, confirming Arinna’s suspicion that Jared had the channel monitored. He’d waited for her to make a choice. “What is it about?”
Arinna paused, letting Kehm fret a moment. That both Kehm and Jared were worried what that choice would be made her happy; drawing out the moment until she told them was payback for the previous few days.
“Tell him he must come to Rhiol. I need a date for a ball tomorrow night. And I want my damn plane back.”





Character List

Arinna Prescot 	The unofficial leader of Europe’s armed forces, the Grey Guard. Known as the Lady Grey since she holds no EU military rank.

Jared Vries 	Captain of the Grey Guard and its official military leader. Partner is Maureen Simone. Together they have three children: Sevrin, Emma, and Nate.

The Lady Grey 	See Arinna Prescot.

The Grey Guard 	The name given to the combined military force of Europe. Those who served and/or died during the war were given honorary titles in recognition. Captain is the highest rank of command due to it being the highest common rank of the combined military as well as a rumor during the war that anyone ranked hire died very quickly. Current Captain is Jared Vries. The Lady Grey is the unofficial leader.

Derrick Eldridge 	The Earl of Kesmere, he inherited the title and estate through his uncle. Father is David Eldridge. Engaged to Danielle le Marc. British army and then Senator before the war. Joined Guard and served until severely injured. Granted an EU parliamentary seat. Current Senator.

Earl of Kesmere 	See Derrick Eldridge.

MOTHER 	Acronym for the Ministry Operations Targeting Holistic Emergency Response. It was formed during the war by the Prime Minister of the combined EU government and included the seven members of his cabinet. It was officially disbanded when the EU parliament was formed, and the members became advisory while continuing their cabinetry functions until a new prime minister is chosen.

Byran Vasquez 	Spanish baron by inheritance from his father when his family died during his early teenage years. Spanish Senator before and during the war. Current EU Senator. Owns Merimarche estate. Married to Isabella and has two children, Cerilla and Santi.

Isabella Vasquez	Byran’s wife who worked as a political consultant before the war.

Cerilla Vasquez	Byran and Isabella’s oldest child, their only daughter.

Santi Vasquez	Byran and Isabella’s youngest child, their only son.

Danielle le Marc	Daughter of Renault le Marc and his youngest child from his second marriage. She is engaged to Derrick Eldridge.

European Parliament 	Functioning European government formed from the remaining senators after the FLF attack that destroyed all existing EU governments. Due to the ongoing war, elections could not be held and any vacant seats were passed to other family members through inheritance. If no existing family could be found, a rotating member of the cabinet (MOTHER) would select a replacement.

FLF	Acronym for the Freedom Liberation Front, a shadowy worldwide military and political organization that excelled at covert operations. Responsible for destroying the US government and beginning the collapse of that country. Annihilated the European and Russian governments on a single day, demanding immediate surrender. Russia responded by attacking an FLF base beginning the war in Europe.

Tatiana Grekov	Young woman who was sent from Russia as a child to England along with her brother, Pyotr, to live with her aunt, Linda Heylor, during the early part of the war. Raised with her cousin Corianne Heylor on a small farm.

Pyotr Grekov	Tatiana Grekov’s younger brother. Sent to England from Russia along with Tatiana when a child to live with their aunt Linda Heylor. Works on his aunt’s small farm. Cousin is Corianne Heylor.

Corianne Heylor	Young woman who lives on a small farm in England along with her mother, Linda, and Russian cousins Tatiana and Pyotr. Her father Richard, died in war. Corianne claims inheritance to his title granted for military service (sir) and calls herself dame, with her mother’s blessing.

Phillip Kessler	Former Guard soldier with a disabling injury to right arm. Currently a blacksmith in England and romantically interested in Tatiana Grekov.

Eloise Waldrope	Youngest daughter of Duke and Lady Waldrope. Friend of  Corianne Heylor and Tatiana Grekov. 

Farrak Assad	Field Lieutenant of the Grey Guard, part of the active force continuing the war with the FLF beyond Europe’s borders. Prior to the war worked as a double agent between Palestine and Israel.

Gabriella Faronelli	Field Lieutenant of the Grey Guard, part of the active force continuing the war with the FLF beyond Europe’s borders. Prior to the war worked in Italian Intelligence. 


Kieren O’Dell	Lieutenant of the Defensive wing of the Grey Guard. Joined the Irish army early in the war and transitioned into the Guard.

Kehm Racée	Chief Communications Officer of the Grey Guard.

David Eldridge	Secretary of Defense and part of MOTHER. Derrick Eldridge’s father. Prior to the war was a UK ambassador followed by the UK liaison to NATO, a post he held when the war began. He hired Arinna Prescot and helped her avoid returning to the United States, during which time he arranged for her husband, Michael Prescot, to become a trainer pilot at the NATO component base.

Renault le Marc 	Secretary of Justice and part of MOTHER. Sons Pietre and Jacque deceased. Only living heir is his daughter, Danielle le Marc. The family has been politically influential for decades. Renault holds the title of Count. 

Miralda Gerschtein	Secretary of Finance and part of MOTHER. 

Sabana Pavia Casilla	Secretary of Industry and Reconstruction and part of MOTHER.

Gilles Lieven	Secretary of Health and Welfare and part of MOTHER.

Piero Ardizzone	Secretary of Trade and Foreign Affairs and part of MOTHER.

Ilse Boje	Secretary of Agriculture and part of MOTHER.





Friends of my Enemy: Book 3
Battle for Europe

How can Europe be saved from a war it doesn’t know exists? Especially when the populace has turned its back on its heroes, and the heroes doubt their place?
Book 3, Battle for Europe, is written and being edited. The story sweeps from England to Prague ... and so much farther. The outcomes of choices spiral beyond individuals to impact the world, and those that made them must live with the consequences. If they survive. 

You can check on progress for Battle for Europe and the final book of the series, the Fight for Peace, at my website www.AutumnWriting.com. Also, look for background information to the war and the events leading up to the first book in the series, Stories from the War, on the page for Friends of my Enemy. 
Until the release of Battle for Europe, enjoy the first three chapters below!





Friends of my Enemy: Book 3
Battle for Europe

August 2068

Chapter 1

THE EARL OF KESMERE
RESOLUTIONS 

If Derrick needed one further reminder of the approaching deadline and what he stood to lose, seeing Arinna arrive on Captain Vries arm, he in full military dress, knocked the reality into Derrick hard enough to empty him of air. 
“Are you alright, darling?” Danielle asked. He couldn’t answer. Danielle glanced at the newest arrivals being introduced at the doorway of the ballroom. She snorted at the sight of the Captain, taking Derrick’s reaction for something else.
“Always with you and the Guard,” she sniffed, linking her arm in his and turning him away. “You left that behind years ago. I don’t know why you allow it to affect you now.”
“I can’t imagine,” Byran said drolly. Byran’s vivacious wife, Isabella, cut off quiet laughter, composing herself without the need to see Danielle’s dark look. 
Danielle, Derrick’s fiancée through a forced agreement years before, and Arinna, the leader of the Grey Guard and his lover of barely a week, were opposites. Danielle le Marc was tall and slender with long, pale blonde hair and grey eyes. Every poised movement spoke of her refined upbringing and taste. He’d always thought under her careful exterior lay a frightened girl. Now he wondered how much he’d simply wanted to think that. 
Athletic though petite, Arinna kept her red hair cropped short. Her bright, sky-blue eyes often held laughter though tonight a serious formality hovered near her, one other than the Captain of the Guard, Jared Vries. Arinna had said she and Jared had a falling out. Whatever it had been was bridged enough for them to arrive together, causing enough of a stir that glances toward Derrick were an afterthought. Which might have been Arinna’s point. She’d said she’d wanted the rumors ended. 
The summer had run on whispers fed by her move to the estate of Rhiol set amid England’s northern lakes. Officially, she was the retired Grey Guard commander though she didn’t hold military rank. That was why they called her the Lady Grey. But her skills as a tactician and strategist in battle combined with those of Captain Vries, who followed her and so the Guard did as well, had won the war against the Freedom Liberation Front that had run amok in Europe for six years. 
Now, three years into official peace, she’d moved to the lakes to reinforce that lie. Only a few people knew the truth. The Guard still fought the FLF, only now the battle waged beyond Europe’s borders and sight. It was a confusing ploy made all the murkier by rumor of Arinna starting an affair with Derrick’s best friend, Byran, despite his marriage to Isabella. Like all good rumors, there was a hint of truth to it. They did love each other, enough not to lose family and friendships to a passion that wouldn’t last. To supplant that, had come the rumor of an affair with Derrick. That one had become true, at least until Danielle’s arrival the week before. 
Tonight marked the end of the timeline to either end things with Danielle or have Arinna end them with him. He knew more hinged on that decision than simply a relationship. But standing with Danielle’s hand on his arm and Arinna laughing with Captain Vries, the emotion felt paramount. 
“I’ll get you a drink,” Byran said, patting Derrick’s shoulder before walking away with Isabella. Derrick had told Byran some of the conversation he’d had with Arinna the night before, but mostly Byran could read him. That Derrick foundered was apparent to anyone who knew him. That Danielle chatted away oblivious Derrick’s attention lay in a different direction told him quite a bit about his supposed engagement. He just needed to find a way, and the backbone, to tell Danielle. 
Tick tock goes the clock. Had Cinderella felt this way on the night of her ball, Derrick wondered. 
Byran brought him a drink but didn’t stay. Isabella couldn’t stand Danielle and waited on the far side of the room. When he returned to his wife, Byran led her to a dance. They, at least, were prepared to enjoy the evening. Derrick’s gaze returned to Arinna and Captain Vries. She didn’t look his way and hadn’t seemed to since she arrived.
“Stop staring at him. Everyone will think you are looking at her,” Danielle snapped. 
“We should say hello. I know Captain Vries,” Derrick said, offering his arm. Danielle didn’t take it.
“From years ago, during the war. I’m not going to greet him or feed this love affair you have with the Guard.”
He nearly told her then, told her that he’d spoken to Jared Vries a month ago, and about his relationship with Arinna. For the first time, the words rose to his lips. 
“Please, let’s not fight,” Danielle pleaded before he could speak. “I’ve come all this way to see you. Can’t we dance?”
He relented without thought, leading her to the dance floor. In the middle of the waltz, he finally found his voice. “You came all this way to spy on me because I would not return my father’s phone calls.”
Danielle stumbled in his arms though he caught her before she truly tripped. “That isn’t fair,” she hissed at him.
“And pretending it isn’t true is?” He swung her around, waiting until she was close again to add, “We both know that is why you are keeping me away from speaking with Captain Vries—because my father would do anything to keep me from being a part of the Guard, then and now.”
Danielle looked cross though she said nothing. After the music ended, she walked away, using the excuse of getting herself a glass of wine. When she finally looked at Derrick, her grey eyes shifted from dark hurt to bright anger. 
“Come, it is a nice night. Let’s take a walk in the gardens,” he said more kindly while offering his arm. She accepted the invitation with less possessiveness than she’d held onto him earlier.
“You want to discuss something,” she said quietly.
“I have always tried to be truthful to you,” he said. “Even when you have not done the same.”
Her body tensed against him. Before he could react, she pivoted to face the closest couple.
“My Lady Fuller, I have not thanked you for the invitation tonight,” Danielle said, taking Lady Fuller’s hand as if they were old friends. 
“I am so pleased to see you dear. It has been years, has it not?”
“Surely not that long,” Danielle replied, keeping Derrick beside her with a strong grip on his arm.
The sympathy the pain in her eyes spawned soured to annoyance. He’d spent days avoiding this conversation with Danielle. And now as he felt the added weight of every passing minute, she seemed intent to delay what he needed to say longer. 
“I think it might be,” Derrick said casually. “Certainly at least two years. You do look lovely this evening, Lady Fuller, and it is a splendid ball,” Derrick added, keeping Danielle from defending herself. 
“Thank you, my lord earl. It is good of you to come. Wonderful indeed to see both of you together again. It has been too long.”
“It has been too long, hasn’t it? But that can be remedied,” Danielle said, gazing up at Derrick. “We are engaged after all. Perhaps it is time we formalized that commitment,” Danielle said, tightening her arm around Derrick’s. That she would announce that in front of Lady Fuller left little Derrick could do. Tangled formalities were what had led to his acceptance of engagement to Danielle. And here he stood again.
“A fall wedding ... wouldn’t that be splendid?” Lady Fuller said, her brightness faltering with a glance at Derrick toward the end. “If you have something to announce, I can arrange the time.”
“There is no need,” Derrick said, tone edging toward hostile. “There is nothing to announce.”
Danielle flushed scarlet. As Lady Fuller moved off with a barely concealed smirk, Danielle turned to Derrick. “I want to go home, now.”
“I’ll make the arrangement for passage to the continent immediately,” Derrick told her. He was done playing games.
Danielle’s gaze darted sideways to the myriad of guests filling the ballroom. Nearby, Lady Fuller whispered to another couple, eyes glancing toward him and Danielle. “I need to speak to you, now,” Danielle demanded, heading toward a side door. 
Derrick followed her, temper pushing aside any embarrassment. He veered his path toward Byran. “Don’t let Arinna leave,” Derrick hissed to Byran as he passed. That would be the luck he’d have tonight, to have waited too long. But the night was only half over, even though it felt like Derrick had been there for half a day.
Byran nodded once, glance chasing after Danielle where she’d slipped through a narrow doorway. At least they wouldn’t have this discussion in front of everyone, not that the rumor of it wouldn’t find its way out, even if they stood in a vault. Too many words and looks had been exchanged that night for no one to guess what was occurring. 
When Derrick stepped through the door, he saw her waiting in the center of the room, arms crossed as she stood staring into a dark corner where two laden bookshelves met. The lights of outdoor festivities spilled across the floor from a set of French doors at the far end, shadows of passing revelers breaking the light. But, most importantly, the room was private and empty.
“My father’s illness makes him even more controlling. Don’t you see how much I need you? I thought I had a refuge here. That is what we agreed to all those years ago,” Danielle said as he approached. She walked toward him, tears shimmering on her cheeks.
“And my father never spoke to you about coming?”
“Why would he? Why do you need to imagine a conspiracy against you? I don’t want to see you become a part of the Guard. Me, not your father. That is how Pietre died. The war took both of my brothers. I will not lose you too.”
Anger flashed amid the tears in her eyes. He almost believed her. He always almost believed her. 
“Fine, I’ll call my father to let him know you arrived and that we’ve talked. I’m assuming he will not have any idea what I’m referring to,” Derrick said, turning on his heel with every intention of asking Lady Fuller for a phone.
“Enough. You don’t have to be so cold! Yes, I spoke to your father. He told me you are seeing someone,” Danielle said to Derrick’s back. He stopped. “I don’t care. You’ve strayed. I’ve strayed. But I want this to work. We can have a life together,” she argued.
“What did you say?” Derrick said, searching her face as he turned to her. Relief washed over him. “You’ve been seeing someone?”
“It wasn’t anyone you know,” Danielle stammered.
“I wouldn’t care if it were Byran,” he said, wishing he’d thought of that option years before. Danielle might profess to hate Byran, but he had a knack for wooing women. His friend could have helped him end this far sooner. “I thought this would be hard, but you’ve made it so easy. Danielle, this ruse is over. Leave. You are not welcome in my home.”
“For her? Some other woman?” Danielle scoffed.
“No, because I don’t want to be with you.” That hit home. Danielle flinched. “I’ll have your things packed. Anything you don’t take immediately, I’ll have sent.”
“But my father—”
“Is dying. You should be with him,” Derrick said. For that, she slapped him. Then she stormed from the room. Derrick laughed though he kept quiet about it. There was a room full of people on the other side of the door after all. 
By all rights, he should escort her home. Derrick compromised with his conscience and followed Danielle to arrange his carriage to take her to Kesmere. And to give his driver strict instructions to have Danielle’s things packed. Danielle was on the far side of the ballroom, walking swiftly toward the main door when he emerged from the library. Two steps into the ballroom, the music ceased.
“There is an announcement to be made,” Lady Fuller said as she stood before the musicians. 
Derrick froze. Across the room, Danielle glanced back at him, both questioning the other with a look. Derrick’s stomach hit his ankles when Arinna joined Lady Fuller. 
“I’m very happy to announce a wedding,” Arinna said, her words carried on a voice used to shouting orders through a battle though it currently held a great deal more warmth. “Maureen Simone, Captain Jared Vries’ long-time partner, has consented to wed him. The nuptials will be held at Rhiol this fall. All are invited.”
Applause hid Derrick’s burst of laughter, as well as his lean against the door behind him. The coincidence of the announcement, much less who gave it, had almost been too much. The relief of undoing years caught in a poor decision combined with the tension of the previous moment left him weak-kneed. 
Derrick caught his carriage before Danielle had convinced the driver to leave. Derrick gave his whispered instructions on what was to be done at Kesmere, and then backed away without opening the door to check on Danielle. He saw her angry glare through the glass. It did not change his mind one bit. 
Back inside, there were only a few remaining to congratulate the Captain on his pending wedding. Derrick joined them, Byran and Isabella finding him as he reached Jared.
“It will be the first wedding for the Guard, will it not?” Byran asked.
“Yes,” Jared confirmed, glowing with both pleasure and embarrassment. He glanced at Arinna where she stood at his side. “We thought it was time a few things changed.”
“Indeed,” Arinna said. “And speaking of that, I will not have you make a fool of yourself or Maureen at your wedding,” Arinna said to Captain Vries. “My lord earl, I need to instruct the Captain here on how to dance. Could you do me the favor of demonstrating?”
The music had started again. Danielle was gone. And the evening was barely half over. “It would be my pleasure,” Derrick said, offering his arm. 
It took them two turns before both forgot the dance was supposed to be instructional for Jared. Her hand in his, the other lightly on his shoulder, and her body adjusting to his movements, following his lead with fluid ease, sent his heart racing. It was like their sword fighting. It was a prelude to making love. Derrick was having a horrible time keeping himself from kissing her. 
Arinna flashed him a wicked smile as if reading his thoughts. She composed her expression into one more polite and faintly serious. “I saw Danielle leave. Are you all right?”
“Better than alright. She is leaving, heading home. Hopefully tonight. The engagement, however false it may have been, is over, and I am so glad of it.”
“So am I,” Arinna answered. The music ended, leaving them staring at each other in the center of the room. “I couldn’t imagine planning a party, much less a wedding, at Rhiol without your help.”
Derrick flicked his gaze to Captain Vries, who was in conversation with Isabella. “I think that is already being worked on. Considering you’ve lost your partner to wedding arrangements, and I’ve lost mine to a lack of them, may I have the next dance.”
Arinna laughed, the sound mixing with the first notes. She took his hand again. “Everyone will get the wrong impression,” she warned him. 
“I’m thinking they are getting exactly the correct impression,” he said. This time he did kiss her though he kept it brief. “Though I’m not doing any of this for them,” he whispered. “And I hate to ask,” he added in a conversational tone. “But Byran, Isabella, and I need a ride home. I’ve lost my carriage.”
“I may be able to help you there,” she said, amused. 
“I’d be in your debt. Though really, I already am. Thank you for trusting me, for coming here tonight, and for not quite giving up on me.”
“You were right,” Arinna said. “I couldn’t hide, and I needed to listen to Jared. He and I work best together. And actually, we had a back up plan in place you couldn’t get free of Danielle. Captain Vries was going to swear you into the Guard. His idea, not mine,” she added, her eyes dancing, which offset her dry tone. 
Appreciative warmth choked his words for a moment. “That was my other option? Well now I’m disappointed.” Arinna stepped on his foot, hard.





Chapter 2

THE LADY GREY
PLANS

“We need someone who speaks fluent Mandarin or Russian, and with ties to China or Russia from before the war,” Jared told Derrick, Byran, and Isabella over breakfast.
“And someone without ties to the Guard,” Arinna added. “They can’t be traced back to the military. Which is why we are asking you.”
“Do you really think there are information leaks in your troops?” Isabella asked.
“Derrick’s informants have proven there are,” Arinna pointed out.
“So someone old wanting to return, or someone young wanting to find family,” Derrick said, sitting back in his chair as he thought.
“I’m certain we could come up with a few names,” Byran said. “How soon do you need them?”
“As soon as possible,” Jared said. “It is a long journey, especially before winter.”
“Not that you’ll tell us how far or why?” Derrick said, his tone more teasing than annoyed.
“No,” Arinna replied, not in the least bothered.
“And I should head back. Maureen will be awake by now,” Jared said, standing. “I brought you a few things,” he added with an amused look at Arinna that clearly said he thought she must have been running around Kesmere wearing very little. 
Arinna hadn’t been back to Rhiol since the night of the ball five days before. Which actually worked quite well as Jared had taken up residence there along with Maureen and their three children as plans for the wedding only two weeks away moved forward in hurried, and much anticipated, motion. Isabella and Kehm Racée, the Chief Communications Officer of the Guard, had spent more time in Rhiol than Arinna the last few days.
“I will be over later,” Arinna said as Jared gathered his riding coat. She found it odd to see him dressed formally rather than military garb. But he was planning a wedding, not a war. Though that waited for them too. Jared cocked his head at her declaration. “Unless you left our lieutenants some rather grueling homework, we have other problems to attend to. Unfortunately, I don’t think they’ll wait for a few weeks. Have you decided on a honeymoon yet?”
“We can’t decide if we’d rather a vacation with or without the kids. So no, we haven’t picked a spot. At this rate, we’ll stay in Rhiol.”
“That sounds suitable,” Derrick said. “I like the current arrangement,” he added in defense as Arinna sent him a wry look. 
“Not that I think getting ideas from the lieutenants is a bad idea, but you’re right. We need to look things over,” Jared answered seriously. “When do you want to meet?”
“After they are done with you for the day as far as the wedding planning, probably after lunch.”
Jared nodded his head toward the house. Arinna needed no further hint. She rose to her feet as well, brushing Derrick’s lips with a kiss before following after Jared. 
Jared remained silent until they were out of earshot. “I like the idea of getting other opinions. Invite your boyfriend along, just tell him it isn’t a date.”
“You’re serious?” Arinna asked. Jared met her gaze. “He isn’t Guard.”
“I could swear him in, and promote him. He’s smart. I think he could help. It isn’t like I’m suggesting we include him in all discussions. Just the ones where we’re including the other lieutenants.”
“Beyond the fact I really like him, and thoroughly dislike the idea of breaking up with him since there is that whole not dating subordinates thing—a rule of much longer standing than the no marriage during active duty the Guard honored, I will agree he could help. And goodness knows his father couldn’t hate me more than he does now, I imagine.”
Jared’s speculative glance carried beyond her to where Derrick sat with Byran and Isabella. “You’re not actually in the Guard, you know,” Jared reminded her. 
“That is a technicality, and you know it,” Arinna snapped. As true as what Jared said was, it was skirting a fine line, and it felt wrong. She slid her fingers through her short curls, pulling at the tips in frustration. There was only one answer, and Arinna knew it.
“I can’t make this decision for him,” Arinna told Jared. “You’re right. He is a good soldier, he is clever, and we have that in very short supply. I will agree he can join us, but you are making the offer to him.”
When they gathered in Arinna’s office in Rhiol later that afternoon, Jared laid out his offer and expectations to Derrick. It would be a quick reintegration to the Guard with a promotion to lieutenant when he was up to speed. Derrick listened attentively, sitting on the edge of his chair. Not an emotion crossed his face, but Arinna did not doubt what his choice would be. She had no idea what it would mean for their relationship. 
She did her best not to have an opinion, or at least not appear to. But the offer made her nervous. When Jared finished, she had to force herself to meet Derrick’s gaze without flinching and revealing her unease.
Derrick’s silence held weight, but it only lasted a moment. “No,” he answered firmly.
Jared looked more surprised than Arinna felt. “Why the hell not?” Jared asked.
“I don’t want you to think I don’t want this. I really do, and have for years. But I’ve been thinking. There is no way you are going to send some kid with no training out into the wasteland to wherever someone who speaks fluent Russian or Mandarin is heading and expect them to survive. You need someone who is trained, but who won’t arouse suspicions to go with him ... and fund him if this is to look like an honest mission to find lost family. You don’t need me in the Guard. You need me to go on this mission.”
Arinna sat back in her chair with a whuff. Jared gave her a look that nearly set her laughing. Jared hadn’t seen Derrick’s leap in logic or planning either. They’d given him so little to go on. 
“We’ve been dating—publicly for over a month by rumor. That will be known,” Arinna warned. “You have connections to the Guard and are a member of parliament.”
“You fought with the Guard in the war,” Jared pointed out. 
“Some connections are inevitable,” Derrick said with a shrug. “We’ll have to risk the rumor of the relationship. It’s been long enough since I was in the Guard, and I didn’t go by my title then. No one knew me as the Earl of Kesmere. As for parliament, I’ve been an inactive member for years. I’m wealthy enough to fund a trip like this. We’ve officially been at peace for enough time to make such a journey feasible. And if you want to send someone out through the wasteland, you know they’ll need help to survive.”
“Shit,” Jared said, leaning against a bookcase from where he sat on Arinna’s desk. 
Derrick was serious. She could see it. And that was when Arinna knew she loved him, even if what lay ahead, if he took this mission, took all the air from her so she couldn’t find breath to tell him.
She swallowed hard, pushing herself into strategizing to tamp down emotions. “This would help. The ideal time to leave will be right after the wedding, which means we need to start the arrangements now.”
“And we still need to find whoever I am to escort,” Derrick answered.
“Am I now the only one worried about what your father will do when he catches wind of this?” Jared asked, glancing between Arinna and Derrick.
Derrick waved away the worry. “I’m not speaking to him now. For all he knows, I’m on a boat to Africa. After sending Danielle back to her father and hearing about Arinna and me, I doubt he’ll want to speak to me anyway. It will buy us some time before he notices I am gone.”
“Do you even speak Russian or Mandarin?” Jared asked.
“No,” Derrick said with a laugh. “Not more than a few words. That’s why this will work. You need me to get our guy there and then fade into the background to lose suspicion. It will make sense he, or she, and I will be friends. Then I will be able to send you the information he gives me. You get the advantage of someone trained along with the innocence of someone with a good story to distract them. The ‘them’ I’m assuming is the FLF?”
Arinna did laugh then. Jared shook his head. “You said he was clever,” Arinna pointed out to Jared. “I don’t think we can argue with that logic. It’s the best option we have if we want to pull this off this fall.”
 “We’ll have to start planning this,” Jared said, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Routes and getting him set up with equipment.”
“I’ll arrange it,” Derrick said. “If this is supposed to look like a mission to find lost family, I don’t think military supplies and a planned route are going to cut it. The less I know about where I’m heading and what is going on here, the better.” He paused after he said that, gaze jumping to Arinna’s. Derrick knew the risk; she saw in that glance, and he didn’t want to know too much if he ended up in the wrong situation.
“Then I think the next step is finding the person you are escorting,” Arinna said. “And we do need to set you up with some communications equipment. Don’t plan too much yet. It would look odd to find you’d scouted around for old maps of Russia before having someone to take.”
Derrick nodded. “I’ll see you back in Kesmere?” he asked. 
“In a few hours. There are things here to go over,” Arinna answered. Derrick hesitated at the door, making her wonder if he regretted part of his decision. At the very least, she’d be able to ask him that later. They had the next two weeks together. Anything more was difficult to guarantee.
“His father will discover this eventually,” Jared said, arms crossed.
“I know. Hopefully, not too soon, though we should develop a way to deal with him when he does find out,” Arinna said. Jared gave her a calculated look. “Not that way!”
“I wasn’t thinking anything dire,” Jared said in defense. “How do you really feel about this?”
“Not thrilled,” she admitted. “But he is right. From what you’ve told me of his fighting in Voltzcrag and what I’ve seen when we’ve sparred, he has the skills. And except for him and I, the cover is nearly perfect.”
“I would think his father being secretly in control of Europe even less of an asset,” Jared pointed out. 
“True, but one that is equally verifiable as having a rift. Derrick will be able to manufacture a story with enough truth to explain his connection. Honestly, the ties might help him. He is connected enough that if the FLF doesn’t shoot him on sight, they may want to keep him around to see what they can learn from him.”
“That’s a pleasant thought,” Jared said with a sigh. “We should use it to recruit whoever goes with him.”
Arinna threw a book at him. “Hopefully, our second addition is someone familiar to Derrick; though if it is someone Byran could have introduced him to that would work as well. The story is solid.”
“Well, I’m glad that’s fallen into place. Now if we can find enough troops to protect Europe, we’ll be having a good day.”
They spent the next hour going over troop numbers and equipment. The equipment list was short, but potent between the dactyls and the transport planes. Soldiers were a scarcer commodity. 
“We have the troops stationed in Europe that are purely defense,” Kieren said over the video link. “They are trained, even if they don’t know about the war outside of Europe. We could transfer them to the active force.”
“It’s a valid suggestion,” Jared replied.
“They have families, which I’m sure they’ll share the information with,” Arinna pointed out. “That many people can’t simply disappear into the Guard without being noticed. But it is a good point. We have more trained soldiers. Increase their training exercises and recruitment.”
“So we have them if we need them,” Jared said with a smile. 
“What about increasing current numbers if we are going to track the FLF to their base?” Farrak asked.
Arinna felt a twinge of guilt. Keeping Crystal City and the mission Derrick was about to undertake a secret from her lieutenants was against her instincts. But she couldn’t risk the information getting out, and the summer had proven secrets could leak even from within the Guard.
“We’ll have to keep working on that,” Arinna said. “Until then, we’ll keep the Guard on Europe’s borders. If the FLF want to cause problems, let them spend their resources to come to us for a bit.”
“Aren’t we going to check out the farms that Kehm found?” Gabriella argued. “We should be running recons over there.”
“We have the satellites to continue gathering information, and to keep looking for their base,” Jared said, his voice taking on an edge. “We’ve been fighting for nine years. I think we can take a break.” 
“You look tired,” Arinna told Jared as they signed off the video call with Command. 
“I’m preparing for a wedding while plotting to infiltrate an enemy we’ve known nothing about for a decade.”
“Good point. I think you need a drink,” Arinna said, steering Jared toward the kitchen. 
Unlike at any point since she’d moved to Rhiol, the kitchen—really the entire manor, appeared lived in. The kitchen was filled with herbs and flowers, a dash of flour stretched across a counter while the smell of baking bread permeated the air. Sevrin, Jared’s eldest, raced through the room, banging the door as he dashed outside. 
“Easy,” Jared called after his son.
“I like Rhiol like this. I should let you and Maureen have it, and I’ll move back to Prague,” Arinna said to him. 
“Don’t tempt her,” Jared said. He was quiet for a moment. “Maybe when the war is really over. It would drive me mad to be so far from Command. I don’t know how you stand it.”
“I found a few perks,” Arinna said as she pulled out two beers. 
The kitchen door opened again. When Arinna glanced up, Derrick stood in the doorway, his eyes bright. 
“I thought you’d gone back to Kesmere,” Arinna said, startled.
“I only got halfway before I thought of someone you must meet,” he said, a slow grin spreading across his face. 





Chapter 3

SECRETARY DAVID ELDRIDGE
THE NEXT PHASE

David looked at the printed aerial images a few bribes, and quite a few threats had bought him. The pictures were small, portions blurred by either the copy or the printing. It didn’t matter. What they showed elated him.
Small fields of green dotted the brown grassland. Roads were visible, ones that looked to have tire tracks and not merely the pathways of carriages. Roads, farmland, ditches that looked to be for irrigation, even a few buildings that could be like the work camps Arinna had reported being found in central America: it meant the Guard was closer to finding the FLF. As Miralda Gerschtein continued to whittle away Arinna’s support, David meant to be ready when she was finally gone. 
The one problem in Miralda’s plan was that she threatened to weaken the forces that protected Europe. Not that Arinna herself would be a loss. The days she had truly been needed were gone. But though Miralda chipped away at the public image, and goodness knows what else that lifted Arinna to a heroine, she did little to damage the reputation and loyalty the Guard had of their unauthorized leader. When Arinna fell, the armed forces would stumble as well. Europe would be left open to attack. David would ensure he was there to prevent that.
He just needed to find a way to contact the FLF.
David checked the coordinates listed on the bottom of the image. Half an hour later, he’d managed to find a map that corresponded. The farms were in central India, which made sense considering the last outpost the Guard had taken down had been along the northwestern border. The location ruled out visiting the FLF directly, assuming the main base was somewhere nearby unless he gained access to a plane. And that certainly would be a difficult feat to accomplish and not have the Guard notice.
He was mulling over potential long-range communication methods when the maid knocked. 
“Sir, Danielle le Marc is here to see you.”
David paused, surprised and annoyed at the same time. He’d told her never to come back. That she had meant things were either going very well and there was a wedding to arrange, or things had gone very bad.
“Is Derrick with her?” David asked.
“Not that I saw, sir.”
David frowned. He guessed things were going poorly then or the girl had given up. “Show her in,” he directed, shuffling the maps and photos off of his desk and into a drawer. He didn’t need word getting back to Derrick or Danielle’s father. 
There was stiffness in Danielle’s gate as she entered, breezing by the maid with chin tilted upwards. It was a far sight from the poised and sensual gate she’d had the last time she’d visited his study. David waited until the door closed, and Danielle was seated before addressing her.
“I hope that you are here to deliver an announcement,” David said.
“I am,” Danielle said, producing a letter from her coat pocket. She dropped a square invitation on his desk. 
To his surprise, David’s hands trembled when he picked it up. That it was a wedding invitation, or at least one to a very formal party, was apparent in the crisp and very heavy white paper. After the last few years of minimum communication with Derrick, David never thought the engagement or his plans for his son would stick. So when he read the names of Maureen Simone and Captain Jared Vries, it took David longer than it should have to recognize whose wedding announcement he held. 
“This is impossible,” David hissed. “It is fake.”
“No. I was in attendance at the ball where the wedding was announced. It is being held at the Lady Grey’s estate,” Danielle said, picking fuzz from the sleeve of her coat. 
“There is a rule against this! The Guard cannot marry. The Captain of the Guard cannot bloody marry.” David rose to his feet, shouting the last.
“I don’t think they care about your rules,” she said. “Just as your son does not care about the engagement you forced him into. He threw me out of Kesmere.”
David stared at her. The stiffness suffusing her was brittle anger. Whatever had come to pass had insulted Danielle to her core. The years of sleeping with her gave him that much knowledge of the woman. As much as David wanted to yell or pick up the phone to call Arinna and demand to know what she thought she was doing, or even to call Derrick—if David thought his son would answer for once, but now was not the moment. 
“Tell me what happened and what you learned,” he said to Danielle.
Danielle talked through dinner, telling David of her time in Kesmere with Byran and Isabella present in the estate. 
“Did you see the Lady Grey? Is Derrick in contact with her?” David demanded. 
“Not that I saw. I didn’t see her at all until the last night at the ball when she was there with Captain Vries,” Danielle said, looking away. 
“When she made the announcement?” 
“When your son broke up with me! There for all to see, he sent me away,” she snapped, a faint blush giving away her embarrassment. She picked up her wine glass, taking a long sip as she sat back in her chair. “I wouldn’t have learned the truth of it all if I hadn’t stayed for that invitation,” she added eventually.
“The truth of what?”
“Who your son has been seeing. I was leaving when the Lady Grey announced the wedding. I went back to Kesmere to pack and decided to visit a friend before returning to Prague. She had been at the ball too and saw what happened after I left. The invitation came the next day. She let me have it to bring to you as proof.”
“Proof of what?” David asked, weary of how Danielle drew out the story in an effort to save face, most likely.
“Of how much the Lady Grey disregards you. She is the woman your son has been seeing. You knew?” Danielle asked when she saw the look on David’s face.
“I’ve heard rumors.”
“Oh, this is far more than rumors,” she said.
Danielle stayed the night though would not share a room with him. That part was over between them, which Danielle made clear with a demand for a room with a door she locked as soon as she stepped behind it. Not that David cared. He too had moved on, or at least had prospects. Danielle could nurse her hurt or go back to the young lover she’d left when she ran to England at David’s prompting in a last effort to keep the engagement with Derrick. Not to mention after the information Danielle had related, sex was the last thing on David’s mind. He’d much prefer murder. 
Alone in his study, he stared at the wedding invitation. David’s thoughts were as red as the fire he sat before and as hot. He’d learned of the rumors of Derrick and Arinna, but hearing Danielle’s report of the ball incensed him. He paced to his phone, dialing a number he knew well. Renault le Marc answered on the third ring.
“MOTHER needs to meet tomorrow morning,” David said and hung up. He called Miralda next.
There were only six people to notify, but the conversation with Miralda lasted nearly an hour. By the time the meeting was arranged, the evening was late, but David’s anger remained. Tomorrow would bring retribution for Arinna and Captain Vries’ arrogance. But that wasn’t the root of David’s ire. And he didn’t need MOTHER to deal with it. 
The last phone call David made was to Guard command. A woman answered the phone. 
“I need to speak to the Lady Grey,” David demanded.
“I’m sorry sir, she is unavailable.”
The same answer came to his request for the captain. David snarled when she offered to patch him through to the lieutenant on duty. “I do not want a lieutenant. Do you know who this is?”
“Yes, Secretary Eldridge,” she replied.
“You are to give Arinna Prescot and Captain Vries a message. They are to stay away from my son. If I hear anything about him working with the Guard or even a mention of him enlisting, I will have Ms. Prescot arrested on charges of planning a coup. And trust me when I say the charges will be highly substantiated.” David slammed the phone into the receiver without waiting for an answer. It didn’t help him sleep.
In the morning, he was the last to arrive in the room where MOTHER met. They were not a secret organization, having offices housed amid the European parliamentary building in Prague where they worked alongside its members. To the senators, the seven secretaries of MOTHER were the last advisors of the deceased Prime Minister’s cabinet. They guided a parliament filled with individuals who were not career politicians due to turnover and rules of inheritance created during the war. The secretaries were advisory. They hid the truth of what they were in full view, claiming executive balance, creating the laws they needed, or simply altering votes. There was not an important motion that went through parliament that they didn’t control. The only thing outside their sphere was the Guard.
“Nice of you to join us,” Miralda said when David arrived. Though they had talked the night before, it had been about Miralda’s plans to rid the Guard of Arinna. David had promised his support and an explanation of why at this meeting.
David copied Danielle’s dramatic gesture and dropped the invitation onto the table. “I learned of this yesterday,” he said. “It is a wedding invitation between Captain Vries and his partner,” he added as both Miralda and Gilles reached for the paper. Renault, David noted, barely gave it a glance. 
“You knew of this?” David hissed to Renault, wondering if Danielle had really visited him first or had gone home to her father prior.
“You are not the only one who has contacts around the lakes in England,” Renault answered.
“And you did not see fit to tell us?” Sabana demanded. “There are rules against this! As if the Lady Grey and her captain haven’t spited us enough. Now this!”
Ilse laughed, cracking the sour mood of the room. “You are that upset over a wedding? Oh yes, I know the Guard rule we created during the war. No marriage during active duty. Might I remind you, the war officially ended three years ago? I would say the marriage reconfirms that. Honestly, I’m surprised a lack of marriage within the Guard hasn’t been noted.”
“He is still active on defense. He is the captain of our armed forces,” David pointed out with barely restrained anger.
“Is he stepping down?” Miralda asked, tapping the corner of the invitation against the table. “That could work for us. We could request it.” She glanced around the table.
“We, as in MOTHER, who don’t really exist. Or were you thinking of sending notes to all of parliament advising them that the marriage is against the rules and, since the wedding will take place before fall session, the popular captain who helped save Europe a mere three years ago should be punished for disobedience?” Renault asked. 
“They’d laugh,” Gilles said. “And then make a retroactive rule change to allow it.”
“And as for taking a request to stop it straight to the Lady Grey or Vries, well we’ve seen how cooperative she can be,” Piero added.
“Exactly,” David replied. “This is just one further example of Ms. Prescot’s disregard. Now we see Captain Vries is as much a part of it as she. This needs to end. They both must be removed, and the Guard brought under our control.”
“Which worked so well the first time we nearly surrendered to the FLF,” Renault snapped though the retort brought a wheeze to his breath. 
“We are not currently at war if you have not noticed,” Miralda replied, waving away the retort Renault began. “Oh yes, there are FLF, but even their incursions and threats have diminished. We are not in the position we were before, and we have learned. There are four trained and competent lieutenants that can advise and lead in the absence of the Lady Grey and Captain Vries. The only question is how to remove them.”
“I am not for this,” Renault rasped. 
“Do not speak too quickly, apparently there is news that you haven’t heard despite knowing of the wedding. Perhaps your informants were too afraid to tell you,” David said to Renault. “It is not a discussion involving MOTHER,” David added to the rest of the group. 
“But one that will change his mind?” Sabana asked. “I’m sure we’ll hear of it eventually,” she added but did not press the issue.
“Well, Renault is not alone in his objection,” Gilles said. “So unless you have blackmail on me as well, that still leaves MOTHER divided.”
“I’m not convinced either,” Ilse said. “We do not know the threats we face beyond our borders well enough to decide we do not need our two most experienced commanders. Even if they do not work well with us.”
“Perhaps it is we who do not work well with them,” Renault said. “We’ve bickered among ourselves for too long. These problems would not exist if we were a functioning cabinet.”
“You mean elect a prime minister?” Miralda asked carefully.
“I mean it is time for parliament to elect a prime minister, and maybe for the people to elect a parliament if we face so few threats that you would declare real peace. The worst problem from pretending the war outside of Europe doesn’t exist is we don’t know if it is over,” Renault said.
“I concur it would be one way of ending this stalemate,” Sabana said. “Both between ourselves and the Guard.”
“There are other ways of dealing with the Guard ... but I agree the cleanest would be to select a prime minister,” Miralda said.
“Which would come first?” Piero asked. “Electing a prime minister or electing a new parliament?”
The seven looked at each other. David hesitated to speak. He wanted Arinna gone. But to ensure he would be prime minister, he needed an edge he didn’t currently have, especially now that Renault’s backing had faded. Contacting the FLF just became even more important.
“Either decision will not occur overnight,” David said after the silence creaked on too long. “Let’s adjourn and consider which we would prefer, and how to guide parliament to make the decision.”
“Having parliament elect a prime minister could be done this fall. But to elect a new parliament would most likely take until spring,” Gilles said.
“That is a long time to suffer with the Lady Grey and Captain Vries,” Miralda said. “But perhaps we can come to a resolution there too. If we think on it.” She glanced pointedly at Renault, Gilles, and Ilse.
“Shall we meet in a few days?” Ilse asked, ignoring Miralda’s hint.
The others filed out, Renault remaining, wearing a cool glare for David. “And so what is this news that I have not heard?” he asked when the door closed, leaving them alone in the small conference room.
“I heard from Danielle,” David said. “The engagement between her and Derrick is over.”
Renault wilted. He sat with shoulders slumped as he stared at the tabletop. A minute passed before he met David’s eyes. “This is unfortunate, but I do not see why you think this will change my mind? Forcing your son to honor the promise he made is not a feat you can manage.”
“It is because of why he ended it.”
“The woman he is seeing?” Renault hazarded.
“Is the Lady Grey.”
Understanding filled Renault’s cloudy eyes. It made David wonder when his longtime adversary had become an old man. He looked unwell with sagging, pale skin and yellowed eyes. 
“Your son cannot stay away from the military, can he?” Renault asked.
David slammed his fist against the table. “I will not lose him to this war.”
“I thought you said the war was over, and that was why we didn’t need the Lady Grey?” Renault sneered. “Perhaps you misspoke.”
“I will not have you complicating or delaying her removal,” David said, voice quavering with threat.
“I do not see how either of us has managed to guide the lives of our children in the way we desired. Let him go before you destroy your relationship with your only son as I have with all three of my children. Trust me, I know I cannot right things with the two who are dead, and I fear I don’t have the time to leave Danielle anything greater than the hate she has of me.”
“But that is the beauty of it, Renault. She will be left with several things when you die. One of which may be to inherit your seat on MOTHER. And though you may have no desire to see Ms. Prescot gone, I can assure you your daughter does not have the same hesitation.”





About the Author




Autumn (also known as Weifarer) is a travel and fiction writer currently based in Maine where she lives in a small cottage lost in the woods, which she built with her husband with the supervision (and approval) of two Cairn terriers. With a Bachelor of Arts degree from Bucknell University in Studio Arts and English, Autumn once considered a career in illustration. However, an ecology course at Virginia Tech led to a Master of Science degree in Ecology and Environmental Sciences from the University of Maine in Orono. Since graduating with her M.S., Autumn has worked for the USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service. But all of that changed in 2016, when she left her day job to become full time writer. Expect a lot of great adventures, both real and fictional, coming soon!
You can learn more about Autumn’s book online at her website www.AutumnWriting.com including her latest work-in-progress. If you want to get an automatic email when Autumn’s next book is released, sign up here. Your email address will never be shard and you can unsubscribe at any time.   Word of mouth is crucial for any author to succeed. If you enjoyed the book, please consider leaving a review where you purchased it, or on Goodreads, even if it’s only a line or two; it would make all the difference and would be very much appreciated.

Did you love this story? 

Access exclusive short stories and more from me on Patreon!






Connect with Autumn Online:

Twitter:  http://twitter.com/weifarer
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Author.Autumn.Birt 
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/weifarer
http://www.AutumnWriting.com
 http://www.amwritingfantasy.com
http://www.escapewiththedog.com
Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/autumnbirt


