Jacob Landrum
210 E. 8th St.
P.O. Box 52
Wellman, Texas
79378
806-681-9638
Jblandrum85@gmail.com


23,800 words.










Agathokakological

by Jacob Landrum






CHAPTER ONE
PLOT

CHAPTER TWO
Set x.1

The Artist
     Grass, dead from months without rain as per the Texas winter tradition, crunched under Senkan's feet. He never knew he could be so mad at foliage before, but it felt like every sound he made was like a ton of dynamite going off. True, there were no police officers or armed guards around, but still... Getting caught would not bode well for his future. He shifted his weight a little in the bush he had chosen as a hiding place to catch his breath. The slight motion made the little balls in the paint cans move and rattle. It sounded like a nuclear missile had exploded in his backpack. Well, at least to him it did. Anyone who has ever played hide and seek will agree.
     After catching a silent breather, he slunk across the campus to the circle in the middle of it all. Back when it was Texas Tech University, far before Senkan was even born, this was called Memorial Circle. Now, it is the Circle of Completion. It was supposed to be some kind of monument to the cyclical nature of life and how everything logical should answer itself or something. Senkan hadn't really cared for that part of history, or any part. He was too busy drawing immaculate buildings with ornate edifices and gilded archways.
     That stopped when he got to college to follow through on his architecture dreams. He could even see the tall building now, looming over all others, a few lights still on. This building had been around for years and years. The former Texas Tech University was renown for their architects. Architects never slept, and especially not in school. Someone was always building a new model or something. When he produced his favorite and best sketches to the professors at the College of Architecture, they had praised him on his clear talent for designing sturdy structures, but he was harshly criticized for his use of extraneous detail. "The buildings of today," one of them had said, "need not these frivolous features and ornate facades. Remove them as soon as possible and return this sketch to me. It shall be your new model for the year." Senkan almost cried when he carefully erased everything unnecessary to the building being safe and efficient.
     He still hadn't forgotten that, and even though that professor was the one who got him his job at his firm, he could never be forgiven. Senkan could also never forgive himself for actually doing it. Now, if he should try to draw anything remotely useless to the overall effectiveness of the building, his hands shook. He broke out in a cold sweat. He had become a machine with skill.
     Senkan dropped down behind one of the short walls that marked the middle of the circle. There were numerous gaps in the wall to allow people to walk through and go different directions. From the direction he came, no one could see him, but from any other one, he would look as out of place as act he was about to commit.
     Senkan slid his backpack off carefully, setting it down so as not to make the cans inside go *clink.*  He opened the bag and pulled out three metal cans with plastic caps. These particular cans of spray paint were quite old, but he had tested them. They were mostly full and totally functional. He quickly shook each can until he heard the ball moving freely: the paint was stirred and ready.
     Donning a ski mask, Senkan went to the furthest corner from him and began spraying on the ground large letters. After a few minutes, he threw the cans back into his bag and took off for another landmark of the campus, the large seal at the front. This would be trickier as it was on the main street and illuminated.
     When he reached it, he threw a cardboard circle over the bright lamp that illuminated the stone seal and wrote the same message, barely ducking away to avoid being seen by a passing car. He rose slowly and ran to his last target for that night, the statue of the first president by what was the former Administration building. Senkan didn't remember the First President of the World University, but his parents did. In fact, they remembered a time before there was a World University. Senkan had never known the world with both fact and opinion personally, but he had heard hushed whispers about it. He did know this world all too intimately, however. A world without opinion and only facts, and that was the sole reason he was here. He couldn't live in this world anymore with a clear conscious without at least trying to do something. "Anything," he had told himself early that night, "doing anything to bring the balance back to the world is better than just furthering the gap."
     Senkan wasn't about to let this world turn even more young, aspiring artists such as himself into skilled machines that churned out designs for better and better buildings while never letting the designs in their heart bloom. He was an extremely talented architect, and he knew it, but he didn't even care for building buildings. He loved the subtle art of putting messages and meaning into them. He adored old photos in ancient tomes from the basement in his childhood home that showed the decadent edifices of France, Rome, and even Texas Tech. These were why he had gotten into architecture school in the first place, but the teachers had always given him a grade lower than what he had earned in reality. They were so conditioned to see effective building structure that anything 
     At the base of the statue, with the first President of the World University looking on with stone eyes, Senkan scrawled out "YOU'RE WRONG. -THE ARTIST" in massive font. He threw the can back into the bag, no longer caring if he made sound, and ran off campus as fast as he could. Stashed just off the grounds was a longboard skateboard he had received from his grandfather when he was but eight years old. The old board creaked and whined when he jumped on it, and the steel ball bearings needed to be cleaned. This noise was 200% louder than the grass, and yet Senkan could not be bothered to stop or slow down. He had just committed the crime of the century.



The President
IThe President
     In only ten short years, Lojik Atizay had created what so many had sought after: Utopia. True, there were small problems, but there's no such thing as perfection. Even so, the problems were small in detail (how to better protect against severe weather, making sure that the sustainable resources of the world were being kept that way, etc.) and for fifteen years, Atizay had done everything possible, and even impossible, to install and protect the utopia that was now Earth, and in one night, just one single evening between the hours of 12 A.M. and 2 A.M., it had all gone to shit.
     Okay, maybe not quite to shit, the World University was still functioning as normally as ever, but the events that transpired only a few hours ago definitely shook everything up, even him, who had seen the Darker Days before the Churches of old closed down for good. He shuddered to think of that world, where man killed man over "gods." Gods he thought to himself. As if such fairytales could truly exist. Science explains perfectly why we're here, and all without demanding that we kill those who feel differently. Atizay had been around for the tail end of what historians in the New Age would call "Pre-Modern Civilization." 
     In this earlier time, the President remembered, religion was ruler. Even in governments that claimed to have no religious sway, such as the one his university took power from, it was evident that they were controlled by their belief in a higher being. He remembered being taught in school about events like the Great Crusades, which were anything but, or the wars that the fading memory of the United States of America waged against countries who dared to be different. This included being different in religion, in race, or in preference for political system. All under the guise of wanting to help these countries become democratic and free.
     The President, and every other citizen of the World University, knew that with religion, no one was truly ever free. Intelligence, logic, and reasoning sets you free in the knowledge that you can never be wrong so long as you follow the proper logical steps.
     Atizay remembered much from his youth about how hard it was to get to this point, and he refused to let some rapscallion who couldn't understand what he had get away with ruining it. He walked out of his spacious office and entered an elevator heading for the ground floor. On the ride down, his memory flooded him with images from news agencies when he was very young. When he was nine, it was declared, officially, that 99% of the population was openly atheist. Effectively, God was dead.
     In 2060, the last church closed its doors for good. It was now just an empty building without purpose. The good people of Clarendon, Texas, are trying to get the necessary funding to make it into a community hall for socialization. In 2064, the government began giving pieces of itself, small branches, to the World University to run. It started simply, by handing off programs like NASA and the ilk. Education came next. By the time that the United States had offered up complete control of the nation, it was only five short years after they started. By that time, the University, then just Texas Tech University, had placed extensively powerful branches in major countries globally, such as the U.K., China, Japan, Russia, India, Germany, Brazil, and many more. Within the year of the U.S. giving complete control to T.T.U., the rest of the world's countries followed suit, creating the World University and the first World President.
     The year 2085 was one of great sadness for the world, as the first president passed quietly in his sleep. It was in his will, and agreed upon by his cabinet, that Lojik Atizay be named the new president of the world. He accepted heartily.
     Now, in 2095, Atizay had taken the world to a level of peace and prosperity only thought of by the wildest of dreamers, and this "Artist" wanted to crush it and ruin everything. He was standing at the window in his office when someone knocked on the door.
     "Come in," he said, his voice deep and gentle. It also had a certain gruffness in it from just waking up a few minutes before.
     "Mr. President..." Luis began uncertainly. Luis was Atizay's personal assistant and, in few respects, a confidante of sorts. "Are you sure it's a good idea to address the people before the cabinet?" Atizay had messaged Luis that he wished to issue a public address this morning before speaking with his cabinet. He had always felt he owed a duty to his population more than to those who make their decisions. One of his main reasons for studying law and politics in college was because he saw what the elected officials of his day did: lounge around on taxpayer money, shut down the government periodically because the bipartisanship couldn't agree on something, or, even worse that all that, they would blatantly ignore the wills of their constituents and vote for whatever side paid them more.
     "Okay then, let's get going." Luis held the door open for Atizay and they went to the studio office down the hall. It was a perfect replica of his actual office, but remade to look better on film. It also had terrific lighting. Atizay sat and waited while the camera crew made sure they were hooked into the national television broadcasting wavelength and then they were counting down. "Five, four, three..." and then two fingers, one, and a point at him.
     "Good morning, People of Earth." Atizay loved saying that line. It was factual and gave him an enormous sense of power. He was addressing an entire planet. It used to startle him, but now it empowered him. "I'm certain you already know what I am here to discuss with you, but in case you don't, let me tell you what we know.
     "Sometime last night, an unknown person snuck onto the Central World University campus and defaced certain prominent areas of the campus that mean so much to all of us. This entity wrote only a few words, but they were enough to get our attention, which is clearly what they were trying to do.
     "What I want to tell you is not to fear. Do not be afraid of this person. We are not. The actions of one person cannot possibly compare to those of the entire Earth. This person is clearly mentally unstable and in need of help. We not only want to find the person or persons responsible for this crime, the first in years, so that we may appropriately show them the error of their ways, but also so that we may reeducate them. Clearly, they no longer can think rationally and need to receive help in order to get them back into society and working for the greater good.
     "Dear People of Earth, as your president and guardian, fear not. We will find this Artist, help them, and improve the society we all inhabit for the better because of it."
     "Aaaaaaaaand we're off air!" said some voice from the shadows. A slight round of applause echoed around the room. Atizay had always been prideful of his speaking abilities.
* * * 
     Atizay sat in his office with a small glass of whiskey in his hand. Even though it was barely past lunch, he felt he needed it. In all honesty, he really did. If being president of a country was hard, then being president of an entire planet was damn near impossible. Something he'd always appreciated about the World University is that it recognizes the importance of letting people enjoy vices. Tobacco, liquor, and even the recreational drugs that weren't all that dangerous were completely legal. The thing about a logical world is that overdoses hardly ever happened. People didn't act rash. They were sensible, intelligent living beings. Everyone was.
     His speech to the public had certainly quelled the large majority of the media, and people. Another benefit to a perfectly logical government was that the perfectly logical population believed them unequivocally, and why shouldn't they? He hadn't lied. They would find the person responsible, figure out why they had done what they had done, and released them back into society after showing them how the government has saved millions of lives.
     And if he didn't... well, that's what the Agency was for. Officially, the Agency was just another division of the University, titled the College of Truth Management. Housed within that College was a small group called the Agency for Opinionated Collections. The name was nonsense. They had one purpose: keep the truth of the world just that. 90% of the W.U.'s problems came from public opinions, which could then be fixed by public address and the opinionated party admitting that they were wrong. For the 10%, there was the Agency, who would assert logic in a more private manner. Atizay didn't always agree with their methods, but he did recognize their importance. He also made sure to oversee all their operations to prevent corruption within the group.
     Now there was only one thing left to handle. He had to meet with his board of Deans. This group of people were hand selected by the President when he came to power. Unlike the ruling councils of the past, these were all relatively young people. Early 50s and 60s, fully aware of the importance of the revolution logic had caused, yada yada… The important thing about the board was that they acted a check on his own power, and he could appreciate that immensely. The dictatorships of the 1900s were all a result of two things: unchecked power and rampant opinion of “inferior races” or “anti-government believers.” 
	And that was the very kind of thing that the World University was invented to prevent. The president before him and himself were the most dedicated people to this ideal, to keep logic above all else. Without this dedication, the world could fall back in it’s former disarray, a dystopia that no one had realized even existed. In this world that he ran, everything people wanted was available because it was logical and understandable to want things. Every lifestyle was legal because it was no one’s place to deem another person’s way of life. The plight of the homosexuals in the early 21st century when they came up against religion was heartbreaking to Atizay. Now, homosexuals and heterosexuals don’t even recognize their differences. They just co-exist. Teenagers aren’t even talked to about it anymore, and why should they be? The differences between straight and gay people are just in who they love.
	More than anything else, this was probably Atizay’s favorite thing about his world he had helped create: People could finally, truly, be free.



The Commoner
	Katalis Pou Chanjman woke up naked and alone, which is a fifty percent change from how she went to bed. As her sense woke up some, she heard commotion in her small apartment’s kitchen, which sounded like a bunch of little hail stones hitting glass. Last night’s lover was pouring herself some cereal. Katalis smiled. Even though she never planned on calling this girl again, she did like her some. She was definitely good to keep around for laughs.
	“Hey, what’re you making in there?” Katalis yelled, her voice still creaky like everyone’s is when they first wake up. 
	“CooOOOOOkie crisp!” Elliot yelled back. Katalis laughed, rolling out of bed and wrapping up in a blanket that had wound up on the floor. She stumbled into the kitchen, the TV on but silent, and Elliot in a long t-shirt and nothing else. She was pulling open drawers and closing them quickly. 
	“I don’t use spoons.” Katalis said, straight faced.
	“You don’t… use… How do you eat cereal?” Elliot asked, a little worried looking.
	“With this,” she opened the drawer closest and pulled out a butcher’s knife.
	“Oh, uhm… okay?” Elliot took the giant blade from Katalis and looked at the bowl of cereal, then back to the knife.
	“Or you could use this,” Katalis reached past Elliot and pulled a spoon out of the silverware holder on the counter. “It might be easier.”
	The girls laughed heartily. Katalis noticed the time on the microwave. “Why am I up at 8AM?!” She exclaimed.
	“Well, I woke up this morning to a text from a friend that said to turn on the news, and I refuse to watch the news without eating first. Here, make yourself some and let’s watch together.” Elliot poured the bowl for Katalis and they both sat down and unmuted the television. The reporter sounded frantic.
	“If you’re just tuning in…” she began.
	“How perfect!” Katalis said, grinning a little.
	“Then please pay attention as this is breaking news. At around one or two in the morning, a person known only as the Artist, quietly went onto the central campus of the World University here, in Lubbock, Texas. The person, using an older form of painting technology that was called “spray paint” wrote a message of hate on several important symbols to the University. It said “You’re Wrong.” As of this time, no word on who this criminal is has been released, but President Lojik Atizay did have this to say:”
	As the President delivered his speech, the two girls leaned back in the couch. A crime like this hadn’t happened in… Well, ever since the two had been alive. Katalis was only 20 after all, and Elliot was… Katalis couldn’t recall, but still, crime had been non-exist for a very long time. Both of them had a gray expression. They didn’t know what this meant for them. Most likely, it would be all over soon, but for right now, it seemed like everything might change, like the world might end.
	Katalis, after the initial shock wore off, became very angry. She loved the government, and all it stood for. Her parents had taught her that. They also loved the government, and they had been around for what life was like before the utopia was established. 
	“I think I’m gonna go Kat. Thanks for last night,  it was…” Elliot smiled slightly, “Well, it was pretty fun.”
	“Yeah, it was pretty fun.” Katalis winked at her. She continued to watch the news report while her one-night-stand gathered her things and left. She let the blanket fall down around her when she walked back to her bedroom and laid down again. She didn’t have class until ten, and it was only 8:25. Even though she tried to sleep for another thirty-five minutes, she couldn’t. She kept seeing the words scrawled across the Seal of the World University. 
	You’re wrong.
	She had been taught since she was a little girl that there is one thing you can’t tell people that you know are correct, and that’s telling them that they’re wrong. If you know a person is right and you continue to deny them the fact that they are, indeed, right, then that makes you ignorant. She was beyond furious after not being able to go back to sleep that someone had so desecrated the campus, her campus, where she would walk to, have class in, eat lunch at, and basically live in a few hours and every day until she graduated, and she loved the old place. The architecture of the entire place was extremely inspired by very old Spanish buildings, and they were beautiful. 
	Katalis looked at her phone. 8:55. She turned off her alarms and rolled out of bed grumpily. She threw on the first complete set of clothes she could find. Usually, she made an attempt at looking decent, putting on a little foundation and mascara (eyeshadow and liner if she felt like being extra special), but today was not a special day. It was a day she could never forget, and she was still so angry with this... artist that she could scream.  She found jeans, an old t-shirt from her dad with one of his favorite oldie bands Vampire Weekend,  and a pair of flip flops. Her bag was already packed and ready, so she threw it over her shoulder and grabbed her phone. On her way out the door, she grabbed an energy drink from the fridge door, turned off the lights, and walked downstairs to her bus stop.
     While she waited for the erratically on time bus, her thoughts automatically turned to the news of that morning. How could anyone think that the University was wrong? It was because of them she was allowed to be herself and love whomever she wanted! She knew about the past, her parents had told her about that. That there were groups of people who hunted homosexuals and killed or tortured them. Special clinics and camps that brainwashed people into being something they weren't. Experiments to "correct" their condition, like being gay was a disease.  What had caused all this hate? Religion. She hated the word and the idea. Not many people knew about it anymore, but her upbringing made sure she was more educated than most. It was because of that foul institution that people like her were killed, tortured, persecuted, and bullied to the point of suicide. How could you hate an institution that reversed that? Made it not only acceptable but encouraged to be whoever you feel you are? 
     She loved the University because it recognized not only that things are better run logically,  but that certain things can never be explained with logic: like love. That is why she was so full of hate at the Artist. There was just one thing that was making her even more angry than him, however.
     She had this tiny little feeling, like a mosquito had landed on her brain, that he may not be wrong.







CHAPTER THREE
Set x.2

 Senkan arrived home and promptly called into work. He had planned to save some vacation days when he started doing this whole "Artist" business. It was still pretty early, about three or four in the morning. He had taken his time riding around, letting the motion of the board and the wind calm his erratic nerves. It was not unusual for people to call in and leave a message for the firm manager at early morning hours. It gave the firm a chance to cancel the architect's clients for that day.
     After he left his voice mail, Senkan sat down at his little table and let his bag slump onto the floor. The cans of paint clanked loudly on the floor, the little steel balls settling into the paint within. Senkan sighed heavily and reached down into the sack and retrieved a little black journal. He looked over his shoulder and grabbed a pen off the counter.
     January 21st, 2095:
     I've just returned from actually doing it. All these months of planning and working have finally culminated in something. Something... Tangible. It felt like I had to displace myself from my body for a few hours while it happened, like I stole onto campus and left my rational mind behind with my longboard. I guess that was kind of the point though, right? Leave behind the rational, the factual, the truth. I didn't do it on purpose, but I think my mind prepped itself to commit a crime by just blocking everything out. I'm glad it did. I couldn't have done it if I kept overthinking it.
     Now that it's done, I can't help but wonder what the results will be. What will people say? What will they do? That's what is really important here: what will people do to fix this? This government... They claim to praise logic and truth above all else, but how can they praise so highly truth when they obscure so much of it by hiding opinion? Can opinions be not truths unto themselves? An individual truth? Why do we all have to align perfectly? In the past, people celebrated differences in opinion. Now we celebrate when we think logically together and don't have to debate every single thing until we find the most logical outcome and plan.
     There was a book I read a few years ago that completely changed my outlook on things. It was, by no means, an earth shattering best-seller, even for its time, but it depicted something... Marvelous. A culture that not only had opinion, but publicly expressed it. Their government was split into two separate houses based on which each side believed more. It cause trouble, certainly, but I believe full-heartedly that the clash of opinion and thought in humanity is essential to us continuing to grow as humans. I refuse to believe that this is our final incarnation, that we will remain this way until something wipes us out.
     Whenever I think about the "back then" days, I remember my parents. Now they live together in a little retirement village, where tons of older folk go to get away from the bustle of life and live out the rest of their life together doing whatever they want. I'm so glad they're there, mostly because it is comfortable for them, but also because it makes them complacent. I helped them get in and pay for it, so I occasionally guilt them into telling me about how life was like before it is now.
     They were born in 2040, and had me in 2070. I'd always ask my father what it was like being born the year that 99% of the population were openly atheist. He tells me that it wasn't strange to him because he had been born into it: it was natural. It did strike him when the last church closed down when he was 20. Religion, as he and anyone knew it, was extinct. It had been forgotten about for sometime, but now it was officially dead. Even that, though, paled in comparison to what started happening in 2064. He told me that as religion had died down in power, Universities began to snap up the power void. Mission trips were no longer religiously oriented, but humanitarian oriented. It was no longer radical religious groups lobbying the "Congress" of the day for benefits, but universities giving actual presentations and persuading the legislature to follow their ideas. Only four years after the death of religion, the United States government actually started giving power, real, tangible power, to the various universities of the country, but they favored one for its level-headed planning and effective logical practices: Texas Tech University.
     It did start small. The Transportation department, for example, was given over to TTU. Then the historical aspects, like the Library of Congress, national parks, etc. In 2068, Texas Tech University had a mega-conference with all the other major schools from across the globe and formed one institution, appropriately titled the World University. The next year, sensing their own doom, the Congress of the United States gave complete power to the World University. They recognized that they could run the country more effectively and with less bias. Other countries followed suit. Then, the year I was born, 2070, The World University officially declared all countries to be united and at peace for the first time in human history.
     As for what happened before he was born, he can only remember bits and pieces of what his parents had taught him. They had said that in centuries past, millions were executed in the name of religion, or worse still, opinion. Something called the Holocaust, which was rarely discussed in today's history classes, was the worst example. A single man who had such a hatred for anyone he saw as "an imperfect race" was round up and either executed or forced to work in labor camps, which usually lead to death. They still don't know how many died.
     I suppose it is hard for anyone else to understand how I feel. I do feel pretty alone in my thoughts. I can see why this government was and still is so embraced by the people of the world. Because of the World University, war, famine, poverty... It's all non-existent. Logically, it makes sense to allow people to live how they want and to give the entire population of the world what they need to live. Surprisingly, not many people had to drop down in their level of living, but almost everyone came up. 
     I just... Have this gut feeling that this is wrong. We aren't being human, we're being autonomous robots. Free to make our own choices about life, so long as we agree with what we're told, and why shouldn't we? It makes perfect sense. They're wrong.
     Tomorrow I plan on tagging a few more World Uni. places around town. Lubbock is filled with little offices that didn't have room on campus.  I hope this isn't in vain. I hope I can really change the world.
     Senkan set the pen down and left it in the middle of the journal, the pages still open to where he was writing. He was exhausted. The clock on the microwave read 5:30. He sluggishly removed his clothes until he was in his boxers and crawled in bed. The stray cat he had adopted soon followed, curling up in a ball on his back. Senkan slept better that night than he had before. He had been raised to think that if something is going to happen, it is going to happen and you can't stop it, so why worry about it?


     A knock at the door. Lucius entered in not even looking up from his phone and clipboard, which looked near overflowing with various notes and papers.
     "President Atizay, the board has assembled downstairs and is ready to discuss the University's next steps." Then he started to walk out. Atizay smiled and stood up slowly, grabbing his sport coat off the back of a chair in front of his desk and shutting the door behind him. Lucius had at least waited for him by the elevator. 
     "Lucius, you should really try to slow down sometime and enjoy life. You'll be older sooner than you realize." This actually made Lucius stop and look up.
     "Sir?" He asked, confused.
     "Look, you work quite hard for me, and for this University, every single day of your life. You never take a day off. You probably know how to run this place better than I do. All I'm saying is that you're still young, single, and able to travel. After this whole Artist situation blows over, you will take a vacation, understood?" Atizay loved giving people that worked hard rewards. As a child and young man, he had worked hard in school and work and received little attention for it, where as "the squeaky wheel got the oil." He hated that, so he fixed it. Now, the quiet and working wheels got lots of oil and benefits, and the squeaky ones were removed.
     "Uhm, yes sir. Will do." Lucius looked relieved, but still nervous. He had maybe been expecting a reprimand, as so many overachievers tend to do. The elevator announced its arrival as the door opened. There was just a man and woman in there, both working on their phones. They looked up and jumped a bit to see the President in the same car as them. Their phones were at their sides immediately, looking straight ahead. Atizay had never been anything but polite to everyone, and everyone loved him as they would their own fathers, but something about the great power he wielded made them uncomfortable. Atizay had always wished that people could just be comfortable around him, but he figured it just came with the territory, and he could accept that.
     When the elevator reached their floor, Lucius and Atizay stepped off, barely hearing the sighs of relief from the two left behind. They walked through the hallway silent, Lucius occasionally scribbling something on the pieces of paper attached to his clipboard. They turned down a hallway and approached a door that had been set into a massive wall of glass. Lucius swiped his card in the small slot next to it and a little green light came on. The door automatically unlocked and swung open slowly. 
     They stepped inside to a long, mahogany table with several, plush chairs set around it. At each chair was a holographic computer showing photos of the Artist's handiwork and three different news feeds all reporting on the same subject. Around the table were six people, three men and three women, all a little older than the average age. Each represented a different arm of the University. One man for finances, one man for security, one man for actual curriculum taught at the various universities across the world. One woman for international relations, one woman for expansion into new territories were University presence was minimal, and finally, a woman that Atizay considered more important than all the rest, one for checks on power. There was no way that Atizay could possibly watch over every country's individual operations, so he left much of it to this woman, Elizabeth Wall. She was English, smart, and attractive. Had Atizay not been married at the time that he met Ms. Wall, he would have happily courted her. Now, she had aged some and with that age had grown considerably wiser than she was when hired (and she was smarter than everyone else on the board when she was hired at that). The President sat down and looked at the faces of all his board. He had hand selected these six individuals as they complimented his strengths and supplemented his weaknesses. 
     "Well everyone," Atizay began with a false tiredness, "We all know why we've been called to this meeting. Seldom as these are, we must take care that this meeting is productive. As I'm sure none of you need telling, this situation must be handled delicately. What we have is a wild, public, and damning opinion. We, as the final authority on what is right and wrong, what is logical and illogical, cannot be seen as 'wrong.' By anyone. Therefore, I find it imperative that we do two things: control the damage caused by this graffiti and find the perpetrator and see if he can't be reasoned with."
     "Mr. Atizay," began the man in charge of security, "we have already gotten a number of leads. We know from body shape, gait, and handwriting that the suspect is male, in his mid-twenties, and probably in a field requiring tremendous attention to detail. We know this to within 99% accuracy."
     "How can you know this?" asked Ms. Wall. The man turned, a little shocked. She rarely spoke out.
     "Uh, well, we first examined the speed with which he moved across campus." The man touched a few holographic keys, making them distort around his fingers. Security footage from the morning was brought up onto everyone's screens individually and onto a large one in the wall that had previously been dormant. "You see? He runs quickly, but not as fast as a teenager would. We can also see that he stops for a few seconds whenever he reaches his next target. He's breathing heavily, so he probably isn't in terrific shape, but he not obese by any means.
     "Next, the stride and gait indicate that the suspect is male due to the fact that they either have a penis or are carrying a weapon in their crotch." This particular board member was prone to lewd jokes. No one usually laughed, but it never stopped him from doing it. "And finally, you'll notice how slowly and carefully he spells out each letter to make them as close to a type form he knows."
     "Why does that matter?" asked Atizay.
     "Because sir, if he just scrawls quickly, it'll give us the chance to read his handwriting. By learning how to basically spray paint a font, he can give himself the chance to hide another about himself. That kind of attention is typically seen in construction workers, but more seen in engineers and architects."
     "Okay, great then. Thank you Charles." Atizay said. The man glowed with pride. Security didn't really get a whole lot of action due to the lack of crime. "So, now we know most of the suspect's characteristics, what can we do about damage control?"
     "So far, this story hasn't broke beyond the border of the country." began the woman in charge of international relations. "It is pretty well known nationwide. Social media reports coming in indicate that..." she pulled up some charts and numbers and sent them to everyone's screen. "That it is currently the most talked about subject since utopia was declared by President Atizay back in 2080.
     "For the most part, it appears that the people of the United States support the president and the university and are not at all worried. Only a small handful of people have said anything remotely anti-University and many of their followers and followed have come down on them hard. A widespread DNS attack on the remaining accounts that are anti-university have taken them out of commission."
     "Why was that done?" asked Ms. Wall. She looked upset, angry maybe. She was impossible to read beyond her professional and sharp glasses.
     "To prevent any further dissension from occurring, Ms. Wall. If we don't keep them in check, they might spread their ideas after people have forgotten about this." The woman looked haughty.
     "Ms. Alabaster, I trust that you know the policy of this government is not to hide the truth, but to give it out for free to the people. If we blatantly block out our critics, how can we defend ourselves? These kind of attacks were carried out by the dictatorships of the past, and I strongly recommend the Board to block the blocks."
     "I second," announced Charles.
     "All in favor," asked Atizay. All but Ms. Alabaster raised their hand. She looked distraught.
     "It passes. Ms. Alabaster, while we laud your initiative, gross invasion of privacy and denial of access to public speech is truly perpendicular to what the ideals of this government are. Cease the attacks immediately and then begin a new regiment of subtle propaganda. Make sure the people cannot forget why they need us and why they want us."
     "Yes sir, right away. Apologies for my mistake."
     "No Minerva, no need to apologize. You were simply acting in what seemed the logical best step. You've been shown otherwise, are correcting yourself, and moving on. Nothing more to discuss on that." Atizay said, smiling. In this way, he certainly was a father figure.
     "Now then, I want everyone to continue working in their ways before this attack and keep an eye out for an email explaining what to do from here. Lucius will help me make a plan of attack. Until then, the plan is damage control and business as usual. We don't want to look like our feathers are ruffled, agreed?" They all nodded, even Ms. Wall. "Excellent. Oh, and Charles?"    
     "Yes President Atizay?"
     "What is the Agency doing at this moment?"
     "At this time, no one has been detained for discussion and they are working to find the perpetrator at this time."
     "Good. I want all their actions reported directly to me and carbon copied to Ms. Wall, alright?"
     "Yes sir. I will tell the Agency Director the moment I return to the Security HQ."
     "Great. Meeting adjourned, thank you for coming. Remember to watch your emails. I will be contacting you soon about assignments and our next meeting."
     The group dispersed quickly, off to do their jobs. Atizay stopped Ms. Wall on her way out.
     "I know you dislike the methodology of the Agency, Ms. Wall." He started.
     "I do, as you do, but we both recognize the importance of their... business. It is up to you and I though to keep them in line and prevent the catastrophe of so many well-meaning governments before us."
     "Indeed. Thank you Ms. Wall."
     "You're welcome Lojik." She adjusted her glasses and walked out of the room.
     "Lucius, let's go. We have a great deal of work to do in assigning these people jobs to get this situation done with."


     She couldn't shake the feeling that the Artist might be onto something. She tried to explain it away with logic, but no matter how hard she fought it, it never left. If anything, it felt like her constant thinking it away just made it worse. It was like a weed that fed off of poison, rooting itself deeper and deeper. She decided to use a tried and true technique to clear her mind: calling her mom. The phone rang twice before Mrs. Chanjman picked up.
     "Hello sweetie! Aren't you supposed to be in class?" Katalis's mother asked her.
     "I'm on my way, Mom. I have class at ten on Mondays. Hey, have you seen the news?" Katalis asked.
     "No, let me go look." Muffed sounds of her mother walking into the TV room and then Kat could hear the same report she had heard a little earlier, with superfluous words cut out as the reporter had probably said the same thing over and over again, automatically streamlining the report.
     "Oh dear... That's just awful that someone could do that..." Her mother sounded understandably distraught. 
     "I know... I can't stop thinking about it. Say though... can I ask you something?"
     "Of course baby, you know you can."
     "Well.. I can't shake the feeling that the Artist is, maybe... A little right?" Silence.
     "Honey, you know he can't be right. We showed you from the time you were but a little girl how truthful and helpful the University has been to the world. I mean, it was under their guidance that we get to live in this splendid utopia! What would ever make you feel like he was right?"
     "I don't know Mom, I just feel like... What if there is something that the University hasn't told us? I mean, you told me that there used to be these giant paintings and that buildings were ornate and all that, so... where'd it go?" It was a question that Katalis had thought of occasionally throughout her life, but never actually given it thought. Now, however, she couldn't stop giving it thought.
     "I don't know honey, but I do know that anything the University does is for our good. They've shown it time and time again. Before you were born and when the University was still in its infancy, lots of people called into question the very things you're talking about, and you know what? The very same folk were proven wrong by the University. Katalis, they've proven themselves worthy of trust. In the past, governments had to be trusted because there was no other option: trust or die. Now, though, we can voice any issue we have and it is either seen as a good idea and changed, or shown to not be as logical as you thought."
     "I guess so... Maybe I'll feel better after I forget about and see it with fresh eyes."
     "I'm sure you will dear."
     "Okay, well my stop is here. I'll talk to you later."
     "Alright baby, have a good day! And remember tomorrow is your father's birthday! We're having a dinner for him!"
     "I'll be there! Bye!" She hung up. 
* * * 
     Over the next few days, Katalis never could shake any of the feelings from that day she first saw the news. It had become impossible for her to completely focus on anything, or to stop thinking of the Artist's message for even a few seconds. You're wrong buzzes about her head like the mosquito that had landed from the first time she saw the words on the seal. It never went quiet, though. In fact, it seemed to be slowly getting louder. It was the background noise to everything she did. The only time it shut up was when she was talking to someone or listening to music extremely loudly, and the music only helped if she was focused on the lyrics. 
     One day, about a week after The Tagging (as it had been dubbed by the students on campus), Katalis stepped off her bus and into a massive throng of people. She didn't recognize a lot of them, but they all clearly went to school with her. Same age, backpacks and messenger bags. They were chanting something at the old statue between the Student Union Building and the Library, but doing it very softly. It was like they were whispering. The statue's official name was not well known, but it was affectionately called "The Knowledge Tornado" as it showed a twister made up of books, letters, and other academia type things. The crowd was all around it, spilling out in the buildings and streets nearby. Some had gotten some windows open and were yelling the same chant from their mouths. 
     The buzzing in Katalis's head stopped suddenly, as if it wanted her to hear their words. Now that the buzz was gone, the whispering turned to a full on yell. The crowd, in perfect unison, was chanting, "YOU'RE WRONG," without signs of stopping. Katalis stood there a little bit, not joining in, but enjoying the incessant noise being gone for a bit. She didn't realize though that the mosquito wasn't stopping to listen.
     It was stopping to feed.
     Katalis stood there until her legs got sore, but the crowd never seemed to lose steam. She checked the time, and realized that she had lost track of it. Her class that started at ten was now over and she could go home. She only had one class that day.
     On the bus ride home, the buzzing in Katalis's head returned softly. It seemed placated by the gathering she had just been in, but still it made her keep thinking about the things she had tried so hard to forget. She fell asleep, exhausted from thinking so much. The bus driver nudged her shoulder gently to let her know this was her stop. He was very nice about it and that helped hide Katalis's embarrassment as she stepped off the bus and walked up the stairs to her flat. As she opened the door and began to walk inside, she nearly tripped over something. It was a little, black, leather bound journal. Soft leather too, with a purple stone and elastic band for a clasp.
     She picked it up from the ground and opened it. It was totally empty, except for a tiny note written on the first half of the first page. It said,
     "This journal is a gift from the Expressionism Movement. We hope you fill it with your ideas, thoughts, and, most importantly, opinions."
     Katalis's natural instinct was to throw down the hallway of her building, but as she arched her arm back to throw, she saw the shadow of a person start walking up the stairs. Quickly, she ducked into her flat and locked the door.
     What was this feeling? Her heart was pounding hard, she had a cold sweat, and she felt nervous. The word paranoia came to her mind. She tossed the journal on to her kitchen table with a satisfying thud and sat down to look it. It seemed welcoming as it had opened to the first page with the message on it when she threw it down. The more she stared at it, the more it seemed to call to her, the buzzing in her head reaching a massively uncomfortable crescendo. She reached over hesitantly and drug the book over to her with one finger. The moment she touched the page, the buzzing vanished. Apparently, this was something the mosquito enjoyed. Katalis got the idea that the idea in her head wanted to see itself written down.
     She rose and began looking for a pen. When she found one, she put the nib to the paper let her hand start writing. As she watched on, it was like her mind had a will of its own and it began to write out all her feelings on what the Artist had done, on what he had written, and a lot of what she had just seen. It felt... good. She felt like she was clearing her head, letting the things bothering her out and in the open, trapped on the page. Upon this realization, her mind gave her control of the pen and she picked up where it left off. The buzzing was no longer a nuisance. It was empowering.







CHAPTER FOUR
Set x.3

     Senkan had resumed going to work the day after he called in. It was so strange to go back. He couldn't stop seeing how the world had changed because of him. People were chattering about it almost constantly at work. The commute was even more talkative. He stopped watching the news after the third day because it was so boring to him. The University was no closer to finding him and he already knew what had happened: he was there.
     After a few days though, most of the excitement toned down and he was left just thinking of when to strike next. The best impact would be right before his actions were explained away forever and people totally forgot. As long as he could make it have the similar impact of last time with a new message, it'd be perfect.
     As Senkan pondered what his next tagging would be, he walked slowly up the winding staircase in his apartment building. He almost didn't see the older man standing at his door until he ran into him. He had been typing notes in his phone and jumped so hard at the sight of the man that he nearly threw the device.
     "Hello Senkan Verite." The man's voice was deep, had the slightest tinge of gruff, and had the overall quality of a grandfather that had seen too much and was still trying to protect their kids. "Don't be so alarmed. I'm not from the government. In fact, I'm someone who has a mind just as you do. A mind that thinks differently than they would prefer us to. My... group and I are rather pleased that you have taken such bold measures to confront the government AND hide your tracks. It took us quite some time to find you!" He laughed a little.
     Senkan was most appalled at this recent event. How had anyone found him? He had been so quiet, so still, so perfectly silent that no one was supposed to ever find him, but being the perfectionist that his career demanded, he had expected people to come to him at some point.
     "I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about." Senkan replied, his voice more even and level than he had expected it to come out.
     "Mr. Verite, please. I'm fully aware that you tagged the University campus a while back. We have perfectly substantial evidence including CCTV of you riding back to his apartment on a skateboard, probably a longboard."
     At this, Senkan was speechless. This was NOT how we had planned to spend his afternoon.
     "Look, I'm not here to bust you or extort you or anything. All I wanted was to give you an invitation." The man pulled out a little black card, about the size of a business card, and handed it Senkan. He took it cautiously.
     "There's going to be a get-together tonight around midnight. Do come, won't you? It'll just be a few people like you and I who refuse to accept the reality they are spoon-fed." With that, the man sauntered off. He may have been older, but beneath the dark gray suit and hat, Senkan could sense more than just an elderly man who kept himself in tip top condition. He knew that this man was a warrior. Some instinctual, gut feeling made him shake at the thought of meeting him in a dark alley.
     "Oh..." the man called right before he stepped on the first step. "I didn't say my name. I'm Sakimal Radikal. Pleasure," and he walked down the flight of stairs without another word.
     Senkan examined the card he was handed. It was a heavy card stock, black, with metallic silver lettering. It was very simple, elegant, and eye-catching. In the middle of the card the font was bigger and it read, "A Gathering of the Expressionist Movement Members will be held tonight," all across one line. The next line down, in much smaller size font, it had a location. "One-Nine Warehouse on 19th St. 205 East 19th St." He flipped it over, revealing an ornate seal of an eagle facing west with a pen in its mouth and two books in each claw: 1984 by George Orwell and the Bible. The symbolism, while not altogether picked up on by Senkan, was not entirely lost on him. He knew of the Bible, of course, and of the novel as well, but not so much about it.
     Standing in the hallway, Senkan was hit by the realization that multiple people knew of his crime. His face and ears immediately felt hot, a black ball of discomfort formed in his gut. He felt like he had been caught by his mother while drawing on the walls. He clumsily opened his apartment door, stepped in, locked the deadbolt, and slid down his back. He came to rest at a perfect ninety degree angle with the door and his spine. The card had slipped from his grasp and landed with the words facing down. Only in the slanted light coming from the windows in the living room did he see the imperceptible "EXM" across the seal. It had been stamped there in a special ink that was only visible at an angle.
     The University classes for architecture had taught him what this ink was and how to use it on blueprints. "That way you can leave your mark on your work and not worry about ruining the aesthetic appeal of the line work!" The professor for that class was very passionate about his field. It was rather annoying to anyone not on his level.
     The EXM was explained by the front of the card. "Expressionist Movement." It wasn't a perfect acronym, but it still held impact. Three letters, and an odd in the middle. Powerful word play there. Senkan subliminally appreciated it.
     After a few minutes that felt like a few days, Senkan hoisted himself off the floor. He left his bag, but picked up the black card, sitting at the table and staring at the symbol on the back. He pulled out his phone and typed in the address from the front. His parents told him that when they were little, the East side of Lubbock was... Some funny word they used. Ghetto? He thought. Now, though, in the time of utopia, ghettos were non-existent. The East side of Lubbock was just as safe as the West side, where he lived. The GPS in his phone told him it would take only twenty minutes to drive there. 
     The reason this shocked Senkan is because the building was part of old Lubbock. New Lubbock sprang up the moment it was decided to be the World President's new place to live and work. Since then, it hadn't stopped growing. It would take about four hours to drive from the one road that starts at the beginning of town to the other side, and since it would only take Senkan twenty minutes, he opted for a nap instead of being incredibly early.
     The place was incredibly secretive though, Senkan realized as he laid out on his couch. No one really even lived on the Old East side. It was mostly abandoned warehouses, which he thought had been torn down to make way for something useful. Perhaps this one had been saved for something. If it had a title, One-Nine, maybe it was historical landmark.
     At any rate, Senkan would soon find out what this building was and who these people are, the EXM. While the meeting had kind of terrified him, if there were really people like him that thought the same way, then there was hope for humanity after all.
* * *
     It was obviously dark when Senkan arrived at 205 East 19th St. There were no other cars there, or around, and there was no outdoor lighting. In fact, it looked as if he had been the only one to visit in sometime. The only way Senkan thought there may have been another person here is by the chain-link gate that was swinging open to let him in.
     He cut his engine and got out of the car. There was a door on the building that had the symbol of the EXM on it, faded, but still readily visible. He opened the door and looked in. Total darkness. His phone had the ability to use its camera flash as a flashlight, so he pulled it out and turned it on. The darkness was so heavy that the light didn't go far. He stepped inside and looked around, his eyes straining to adjust.
     "Hello?" He asked the darkness, expecting no reply.
     "Senkan! Hello! I should have been expecting you, I'm sorry. I was in another room. Here, let me turn some lights on!" That was Sakimal it sounded like.
     "This might blind you for a second, hold on." The light exploded on, as did the deafening roar of the crowd standing all around him, and above him. It terrified Senkan. They had been there they whole time, in the dark, waiting for just him. 
     Sakimal ran down a few steps and to Senkan's side to shake his hand. "What do you think, old boy?!" He asked, having to yell into Senkan's ear to get over the crowd's cheers.
     "Is this all for me?!" He screamed back.
     "Of course! Hold on!" Sakimal waved his hands in a "simmer down" motion to the crowd. It took a minute, but they did, all eyes focused on Senkan.
     "Hello everyone! May I introduce to you our greatest, incidental ally? SENKAN VERITE!!!" The crowd re-erupted into shouting and cheering. People near him were shaking his hand, clapping him on the back, and pretty much any other thing you do to a celebrity. Senkan was starstruck. Another simmer-down from Sakimal.
     "I know, we're all very excited to be here, but I don't think Senkan understands the impact he's had on us, on all of us! He, our Artist, has put in motion the ball we've been trying to roll for years now, and it is because of this we offer him a place on the Expressionist Movement's Senior Council!" More cheers. The crowd seemed to keep louder with every cheer. Senkan looked around. They must have squeezed at least 2,000 people in here, and they were all cheering and clapping at him.
     Senkan leaned in as close as could before actually touching Sakimal and asked, "So, can you tell me why all these people are cheering for me?"

     "Come on then lad, let's go have a chat. The people want to party anyway." Sakimal waved to everyone, told them that he and Senkan were going to talk privately, and to carry on partying without them. The crowd did as instructed as they opened up a path for the pair to pass through. They walked up the metal stairs and walked around the steel balcony to the other side where a door was ajar. 
     They walked in and Sakimal shut the door behind him. "Ah, it is much quieter in here. Good thinking sir." Sakimal flipped on all the light switches on a wall that was surprisingly far from the door. The room was mostly bare, and clearly had been an office at one point in time. There was a desk in the middle of the room, and lots of bookshelves on the walls. They were packed with books of all sizes. Senkan could faintly make out the spine of one, high at the top of a case, that had 1984 on it.
     "You have an actual copy of 1984?" Senkan asked, amazed that such a radical novel had survived.
     "I don't own anything here, but the EXM does." Sakimal asked, leaning back in the chair at the desk. 
     "That reminds me, what exactly is the EXM?" 
     "Ah, we are the Expressionist Movement. We represent a form of alternative thinking in this world and praise everything opinionated and artful."
     Artful. The way he said it made Senkan light-headed with excitement. He hadn't heard of art since he first started reading the "lost books." This was a particular set of novels and works that, while not forbidden (as no knowledge could be forbidden in the world of reason and truth above all else), had gotten mysteriously rare in the time leading up to the utopia. To date, less than half of the population under twenty-five in the United States even knew these books existed, and even less than that knew one or more of the books names. Of them, 1984 was legendary. Renowned for its subversiveness and open criticism of the government when it was written, now its message was even more powerful to those with susceptible minds.
     "Senkan, let me show you something." Sakimal stood and walked to the steel door that faced the one they walked through earlier. He put his entire hand on a flat plate that seemed to be slightly reflective. A blue line that was going up and down his hand appeared from nothingness and after a few seconds, the panel turned green. It faded away as the sound of the door's heavy metal lock appeared, the steel rod sliding back into the door and allowing itself to be broken in two as the door opened.
     The door gave way into a black tunnel. It was a little wider than he expected, but still quite dark and oppressive looking. Sakimal hopped into the tunnel and moved a little into the darkness for Senkan to jump in after him. 
     The two men walked, their heads bent a little as they wandered in the fading light. They hadn't just left the door open, though. Sakimal explained that, "The door is on a perfect timer. By the time we get through to the other end, it will have already shut and relocked. When we walk back, it will unlock and the inside will light up."
     True to what Sakimal had said, the moment Senkan could see another glimmer of light from the tunnel's exit, he heard the other door close, softly, and quiet little clicks as the bolts relocked.
     It only took a few more minutes after that until both men had jumped out of the tunnel and were standing in a massive... It couldn't have been a room.
     "What... IS this place?!" Senkan asked incredulously.
     "This," Sakimal Radikal said, gesturing outward with his hand, "Is the Library of Opinion." 
     To call it simply a library would be a grave injustice. It was more of a museum. It was obviously another warehouse that they had merged via the tunnel to this very area, but the warehouse had no extra sides or anything. It was tiered, with four staircases on every side, going down to the floor, where a few long tables and green lamps sat. In the perfect middle was an incredibly large, round table with the seal of the EXM carved into it. There were also a few people sitting there, talking loudly and moving their arms all over.
     "Come Senkan." Sakimal said jovially. Senkan had 100% dazed out, amazed by all the books that covered the walls. He had never seen so many, and the fact that he knew most, if not all, were "lost" made his mouth drool. They walked from the opening in the tunnel down several sets of stairs until they were on the floor level. The people at the table had stopped talking now and were staring straight at Senkan.
     "Ladies and Gentlemen," Sakimal started grandly, "This is our newest member, Senkan Verite." A round of applause, followed by a burly looking man with incredibly hairy arms patting a chair next to him. Senkan sat, almost losing his breath at the monstrously strong pats on his back. Sakimal sat down two chairs away, just visible in Senkan's peripheral vision. 
     "Let's do a round of introductions. You obviously already know me. Sakimal Radikal, the old fart of the group." A few laughs. It was true. With is gray hair, slightly wrinkled face, and slow, deliberate movements, he was indeed the oldest one there, at least in appearance. Everyone else was either his age or a little older, or appeared that way. There were six others besides Senkan at the table.
     "Bethany Stetson." A woman said. She was full-figured, with flaming red hair, vibrant eyes, and more rings than fingers. She was probably second oldest.
     "John Johnson. My parents are hilarious." said a thin man with an incredibly full mustache. His voice was also far too deep and silky for his slight frame. He looked about Senkan's age, maybe younger due to his body.
     "Conkeldure Iro, but everyone calls me Conkel." This was the gorilla of a man that Senkan was seated next to. He laughed at this and slammed his fist on the table. Senkan thought the wood might split.
     "Nataly Envy," said a girl next to Senkan. She extended her hand to shake his. He took it. It was soft and warm, as were her features. She was, by all definitions and standards, a beautiful young woman, but her eyes and voice told a different story. The platinum blond hair that fell to beyond the seat of her chair was straight, the face perfectly concealed with professional applied make-up, and the nails were manicured to excellence. She was a cold, hard, killer. Senkan had never met anyone that had committed murder, but if he had to have picked someone after that meeting, it'd be her. 
     "Oh look at Nat, the only one of ya to have any manners at all." The voice sounded male, but it actually belonged to a very masculine and muscular woman. She also extended her hand towards Senkan, but much faster and aggressively. "Bertha Bolvanger." When Senkan shook her hand, he felt like he was just holding on she tried to shake his hand off. Their handshake was like a tiny rodeo, and Senkan's bull rider barely held on.
     "Alright then, now that everyone has introduced themselves." started  Sakimal, "Let's her about you. Tell us your story Senkan." 
     "Alright, well..." he thought for a second before beginning, covering topics from his family life to his career and education, and finally to the reason he was here: the tagging. He drew them a rough sketch of how the spray paint cans worked, omitting one crucial piece to it working as a preventive measure: the little steel ball in each can. 
     "Now, please tell me why I'm here with all you." He asked, tired out from retelling the summary of his life.
     "Simple son," said Conkel. "We need you to show us how to start the sparks you did. Four years we've been trying to get people motivated like you did in one night. We want to work with you to change this world."
     Senkan smiled slowly and the table cheered. He was hooked, and they knew it. It would be a long night, and another call into work for him, but it would be well worth it. That night, the seven people assembled in the warehouse library hatched a plan to demolish utopia. 

     It had been two weeks since the tagging and they were no closer to solving the case now as they were then. The Agency had found the source of the Artist's weapons of mass protest, but it was just a couple of shipping crates in a forgotten part of town. No fingerprints. No hair or skin samples. No footprints even, the dust had been swept away with a broom in a corner. Nothing at all to indicate anyone had been there except for the clean floor and the slightly open crate.
     This would mark the first time that Atizay had had actual concern for something since he declared utopia. Things didn't go wrong in a perfect society, there was nothing to stress over. All problems were trivial, but this was so far from trivial as to almost come full circle. He was anxious, angry, and annoyed. The Agency, he knew, was working very hard, but had zero leads or suspects to follow up on. Lucius came in the office. In the time between now and the tagging, he had stopped being quite so polite. There was work to be done and Lucius was doing it.
     "Lojik," Lucius had also become much more informal with the President, "I may finally have good news for you." Lucius had probably come to work in a suit, but by this time of day, two o'clock, he had already lost the jacket and the tie, also unbuttoning the top two buttons. He was visibly sweating.
     "What is it?" Atizay asked nervously.
     "The Agency has finally found a member of an underground group called the Expressionist Movement, or EXM for short." Lucius lifted up a paper on his clipboard and pulled a black business card with silver lettering from it. Unlike the one that Senkan received, this was not an invitation. It only had the group's name on the front and the seal on the back.
      "What do we know about them?"
     "Not much for the moment, except that they are about as far away from the University's ideals as they can get. The Agency cites the seal on the back as evidence." Atizay flipped the card over and studied the seal, reaching for his glasses to read the fine details.
     "These books haven't seen light in decades." He was incredulous. 
     "Yes sir, I know. Hence why we feel this group is against us. Also, the crate containing the spray paint we discovered earlier is also the same place where we found this card. It kind of seems like a plant sir."
     "A plant, Lucius?" He looked up from the card to study his right-hand man's face.
     "Yes, a planting of... a trail of sorts, leading us to them. A group like this doesn't exist to simply hide in the shadows, they will break out into the light and probably do it with an incredibly public display."
     Atizay just stared. That was the polar opposite of what needed to happen.
     "How do we prevent it then?" Atizay asked, a little more than bewildered.
     "I don't know entirely sir." Lucius didn't. He had no plans, no idea, nothing. He was exhausted and wanted to take a month long nap.
     "We have to crush them Lucius."
     "Sir?" Atizay was staring off into nothingness, his true eyes looking introspectively.
     "We have to destroy what threatens this perfect world. The whole of humanity has worked too hard for a couple of crackpots to just paint over it. Give Ms. Wall a vacation and have the Agency double their numbers and searches." Atizay was alive with planning. He would burn down half the city if he had to.
     "No."
     "What?" Atizay asked, the sternness of Lucius's voice breaking his internal monologue.
     "No. I will do none of those things sir. You and I, we work together to prevent this world from collapsing, and if we allow the already most overpowered group in the University have zero oversight, we will regret it forever. I will not let this government become a tyranny and you a dictator."
     Atizay was speechless. He hadn't even seen the long-term impact of what he was planning. He leaned back in his chair, taking off his glasses and rubbing his eyes.
     "I'm sorry Lucius. You're right. That was so... foolish of me. I was blinded with passion and rage. Thank you for being my logical head."
     "You're welcome sir." Lucius looked like he released the weight of the world as he said it.
     "However..." Atizay started. "We do still have a problem."
     "Yes sir, and I have a suggestion. Your outrageous suggestion gave me inspiration." Lucius sat down and leaned forward, like a child about to tell an especially juicy rumor. 
     "What's that?"
     "Instead of flushing them out by force, we make them do it ourselves. A powerful propaganda campaign may be just the push we need to keep the people remembering why we're right." 
     "Alright then Lucius, I trust you. Do you really think this'll work?"
     "I can't say for sure, of course, but based on what we think we know of their typical behavior, anything we do that's very public will incense them to action, to motion. I think this is our best bet and will make the people of the EXM not only come out from hiding, but also right into our cross hairs so that we may publicly cut them down."
     And so the pair did what many countries and people over time have done to build support: they advertised. A lot. On every major corner in every major city across America, the slogans of the World University, many of which had been retired since the earliest days of W.U. coming to power. They touted the endless benefits to a life led by logic and rationality, while simultaneously addressing the silent beast growing stronger by the day: opinion. The bulletins on the televisions and radios across the country reminded people of darker days, when people killed hundreds of millions of other people in the name of “religion.” 
     This sparked a new media controversy. Parents were now having to explain to their children what religion was and how it had so affected and changed the world everyone used to live in. While it wasn't quite the same response as what the government had intended, it had reignited the old flame of religion hating. 
     The University also made sure to reinforce the idea that religion was a product of irrational thinking and needing to supplement human fear of the afterlife with something improbable. Then people took these things meant to comfort them too seriously and began fighting and killing those who simply thought another improbable thing must be right.
     The President made sure to address publicly that any lifestyle was acceptable in the eye of the World University, so long as it was supported by logic. By and large, the people of the United States were accepting of this idea and didn't quite understand why the government was trying so hard to get people on their side: they already were.
     The oldest members of society, such as Senkan's parents in the nursing home, could vaguely remember hazy images of countries that, in their last dying breaths, exploded propaganda all over their streets and media. Then they were violently usurped and replaced with another organization, but they had one difference from the University: all these former governments and usurpers were motivated by opinion. Opinion on races, classes, et cetera. The University was logically motivated to make the world better.
     No one could possibly predict who or what might usurp the World University, if anything indeed could. 


     It was one day that Lucius came to Atizay with his best idea of all. He walked into the Presidential office to find the seat at the desk empty.
     "Lojik?" Lucius asked loudly.
     "Out here, Lucius." The President's voice called, both deeply and calmly. Lucius walked out onto the small balcony that was on the back of the administration building. The President stood stoically, like a portrait come to life. A long, fat cigar sat in his fingers, resting like a tired old man. The plume of thick, blue smoke curled up his arm like a friendly snake. 
     "What is it Lucius?" Atizay didn't turn. He was thinking hard, it was obvious. There was something keeping his attention in the sky. It was nothing physical. There was some problem floating in the air that Atizay was trying to solve it.
     "I think I have a final solution to our problem." Lucius sounded excited, ambitious, and out of breath. He had run down the hall from his office to the President's. At his words, Atizay actually turned around. 
     "Better than this propaganda campaign I hope?" Atizay hadn't been a terribly big fan of this idea, and the backlash from parents having to explain the past to their children was not only unexpected, but vehemently unwelcome. Atizay had always assumed that people would tell their kids of the past in order to prevent it from happening. Why wouldn't they? What good did hiding the truth or the past do anyone? 
     "Significantly. I think you should have a public conversation with the people." Lucius looked hard at Atizay. He knew this would be a tough sell to the President, but if he pushed it hard, he could-
     "I love it. That's a terrific idea." The response absolutely stunned Lucius. He hadn't expected any kind of positive reaction, let alone total compliance.
     "I was actually thinking similar myself, I just didn't know how to word it I suppose. I didn't think that another public address from me would feel as genuine as what you've proposed, so let's do it. We'll just sit me down in front of a camera and open up the phone line to the public. Get on this Lucius. Call the news stations and the mailing service. Make sure every citizen knows the number to call and when to tune in. I want it on radio, TV, and the Internet."


     Lucius did as he was told. Every single television under the jurisdiction of the World University (so basically all of them) was turned on, and not by force, but by will. The people wanted to hear this, and many wanted answers.
     The President bought a brand new suit for the occasion. He had his hair done by a professional the day before and his stylist an hour before. There was no script. There was nothing to prepare besides looks. The calls would not be screened as they were aired over the entire world. 
     At precisely seven p.m., Lojik Atizay sat down at his desk, the cameras trained on him and the lights only illuminating his area, and they were live.
     "Greetings people of the world. I am your president, Lojik Atizay, and as many of you know, I have taken it upon myself to directly answer questions from you, the people. These calls are not screened before, we simply accept the first calls in line. If you are calling in and the lines are busy, please keep trying. We regularly disconnect those on hold and reopen the lines to make sure that everyone has a fair chance. If your question is asked and answered before you get to ask it, please hang up. We want to answer as many different questions as possible in this time frame we have.
     "Without further prefacing, let's get started. Jane from right here in Lubbock, what's your question?"
     A woman with a smoker's voice came on. "Hello Mr. President, my question to you is what are you doing about the attacks on the campus?"
     Atizay was beyond prepared for this one. "Well Jane, I'm glad you asked. This is the question that most people probably wanted answered. We are, to put it simply, doing everything we can. As you maybe expected, the need for a police force in a utopian society like ours is minimal. Since the attacks, our enrollment in investigative services has tripled. We do not expect to keep this police force around for much longer after the case has been solved.
     "We do have a few leads though. Primarily, we know the age and sex of the offender, a male in his mid-twenties. The handwriting was particularly perfect, which we believe may indicate someone who works in a profession where being perfect is essential to being successful. Besides that, nothing is sure. If anyone has information that may lead to an arrest of the perpetrator, we welcome it with open arms, and we have a separate phone line for that. Thank you for asking that Jane, let's take another caller."
     "Good evening President," started a man with a soft voice, "I wished to remain anonymous."
     "That's fine sir, please go right ahead."
     "I wanted to ask you, do you really think it's possible to keep all opinion suppressed forever?"
     "No sir, I do not, and I don't want anyone to think that we're trying to suppress opinion now. Opinions are a natural human process, and we all have them. It is within us all. What marks us as being better than our predecessors is that we can overcome it. We acknowledge it, and we overcome it. Sure, at times it may be hard to want to, and at other times, the line between what is rational and irrational is blurred to the point of indecision, but we must preserve to be calm and be rational, at all costs. Letting our emotions get the better of us means that we have left our mind to be uncontrollable, and we are no better than the people of the past who raped our planet of its resources and people of their rights."
     Atizay sighed as the line went dead, preparing for the next call. That question was unexpected, but he answered it well.
     "Alright, let's listen to the next caller, who are we talking to?"
     "Hi President Atizay, this is your favorite person."
     Dead silence on both ends. The voice was male. Mid-twenties sounding.
     "Are we talking to the Artist?" Atizay asked.
     "What difference would that make? Do I still get to ask a question?"
     Atizay had to stop and think. How good of an idea was this? What if he made the University look like a fool? He had to answer though. He had to show that they were superior.
     "Absolutely Mr. Artist." Atizay was pleasant.
     "How can you explain the disappearance of all the world's greatest art?"
     Shit. This was the one question that Atizay did not want to answer. He was stalling. Not good, not good.
     “Mr. President? The world is waiting, you know? Could you give us an answer?”
     “What do you mean by the “world’s greatest art?’” He asked quickly, almost cutting the Artist off.
     “I mean works that spoke out against the norm and the average. The Mona Lisa and such. Where are they now? Certainly not in any museum, because we don’t have any, do we?” The Artist just sounded smug.
     “No, we don’t have museums or ancient art because they were products of a past where opinion was king, now we-“
     “Now we have you for a king. A logical king, yes, but still a king, and with all kings, you were not democratically elected and you do not plan to give up your power until you die.” Then he hung up. Atizay expected the light board in front of him to explode with calls, yet none appeared. The board stayed dark. Ever the showman, he thanked the audience for tuning in, and they cut the transmission.


     There are few things worse on the Internet than WebMD.com. All the "dark net," all the porn, all the 4chan of the past was nothing compared to the panic inducing facts of WebMD. The website, for those uneducated in the Internet, tells anyone the symptoms and treatments for almost every common and uncommon disease or condition. Truth be spoken, the website is not at fault here. It is people using the website that are.
     Katalis could not know this fact because she was the person using the website. It took a little while, but she finally decided to seek help for the buzzing in her head. Of course, not actual medical help. A simple doctor would just call her crazy, and she knew for a fact that she was not crazy. She just had a persistent buzz that wouldn't stop, unless it was presented with certain material dealing with either the University or the Artist.
     She typed in the symptoms on the website. "Head buzzing," "migraine," and "confusion." She tapped the Enter button firmly. The page went white, and then reloaded. The list of top results was far from comforting.
     The first result was, quite shockingly, testicular cancer. Katalis was 99% sure that it wasn't a result of that. Second was schizophrenia. She right-clicked the link and opened it in a new tab. Third came bipolar disorder. Another new tab opened about it. Fourth was Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD, it said in parenthesis out to the side). She hadn't heard of that one before. A new tab appeared with the heading PTSD visible.
     She decided to go in order. Schizophrenia's "about" page read like this:
     "Schizophrenia is a serious brain disorder that distorts the way a person thinks, acts, expresses emotions, perceives reality, and relates to others. People with schizophrenia -- the most chronic and disabling of the major mental illnesses -- often have problems functioning in society, at work, at school, and in relationships. Schizophrenia can leave its sufferer frightened and withdrawn. It is a life-long disease that cannot be cured but usually can be controlled with proper treatment."
     She hadn't felt this way her entire life, it had just started, so she wisely decided she wasn't schizophrenic. She closed the tab.
     Next came bipolar disorder. It read:
     "Bipolar disorder used to be known as manic depressive disorder or manic depression. It's a serious mental illness, one that can lead to risky behavior, damaged relationships and careers, and even suicidal tendencies if it's not treated.
     "Bipolar disorder is characterized by extreme changes in mood, from mania to depression. Between these mood episodes, a person with bipolar disorder may experience normal moods."
       She thought this one sounded possible, but not entirely likely. Her mood was far from swinging. She wish it were, but it simply kept her feeling both euphoric and melancholic at the same time. How it was possible, she didn't know, but she did know that everything just seemed so beautiful and so awful simultaneously.
     She closed the bipolar tab, leaving on PTSD. When she read that PTSD was "among only a few mental disorders that are triggered by a disturbing outside event," she couldn't help but read the entire page. The general summary was that people could have symptoms like hers and much more simply by having experienced some kind of trauma. The website gave war as the main cause, but also car crashes, rape, and a plethora of things could cause it. Even something that only happened mentally.
     Katalis leaned back in her chair and thought. She tried to remember when the buzzing had started... recently, like around the time that the... The Artist. He, and his actions, were the cause of her PTSD, she was almost sure of it. Maybe he hadn't done anything to her directly, but the fact that she was suffering the same symptoms and pretty quick after seeing the initial news report could only mean one thing: her mind had been broken at the thought of her whole world being wrong. 
     The buzzing suddenly quieted down, like the mosquito had decided to take a nap on the top of her brain and was sleep buzzing. It was sporadic, and the pattern of the buzzing sounded like a fly in its death throes. Katalis realized, finally, that the buzzing was a result of the things she thought. When she thought of the Artist and the University together, such as the attack, the buzzing kicked up again, but when she only thought about one or the other, it died back down. It was like her brain couldn't handle both sides being right.
     After she discovered this fact, her mood improved greatly. She continued to try and purge both sides from her life as a whole. This was aided by the fact that the news had died down about the attack and life seemed to be going back to normal for everyone. It was still a hot topic, but not nearly as much as it was. Because of her sterilization from the media, Katalis did not know about the on-air phone calls the President had made, nor the call from the Artist. It was probably for the best as she would have most likely gone completely insane on watching it. It was due to this fact that the day after the on-air verbal thrashing delivered by the Artist, Katalis was in for a shock that would truly turn her world upside down.
     She rode the bus, not so much listening to the people as to just their sounds. This morning was special. She hadn't realized it yet, but there had been no mental sound that day. Most likely, once she realized it, it would start again, but she had finally derived a logical way to thwart the sound. She would focus on the things she loved: her family, her studies, and herself. She would think back on the happiest memories that had nothing to do with the two sides. This would make the mosquito in her head go back to sleep, at least for a little bit.
     When she finally got to school, she could hear the bug stirring a little. She focused on the people walking about campus. Their noise. Feet crunching dirt and gravel. Bike spokes turning. A longboard rolled by, making occasional bump-bumps as it ran over splits in the concrete sidewalk. She was so absorbed in watching and listening to people that the little hand that thrust a flier her way made her jump.
     Attached to the hand was an equally small arm and an equally tiny boy. He was about nine, dark eyes, blond hair, and a sad expression. It wasn't that he was sad, he just looked it, like a pug. His eyes were certainly as big as a pug. The boy's clothes were a little dirty, but only as dirty as any nine year old would be. He held a flier out to Katalis, not saying a word, his mouth a straight line. There was a button on his black v-neck's lapel. It was golden, and in big, black lettering had EXM on it. Katalis took the flier and began to read it. The buzzing not only returned, but the mosquito had been replaced by a hummingbird on steroids. It was deafening, but someone Katalis could still hear the world around her.
     It hadn't started until she read the words on the paper. "Expressionist Movement, EXM, is having a pro-opinion rally. You are invited to come. Please bring the flier with you, or you will not be allowed in. This is a one time event. Those there will be not only making history, but changing it forever. 210 East 19th St." As she finished the flier, she flipped it over to see the seal of the EXM. A great bird holding books in its talons. Its eyes made the hummingbird in her head explode with a flurry. The pain must have been visible on her face, because the boy finally spoke, asking, 
     "Miss, you alright?" He had dropped his minuscule arm and looked concernedly at the young woman.
     "Yes, fine, thank you dear." Katalis said quickly, "Just a pretty bad migraine is all."
     "Okay, well take care. I hope to see you tonight."


     The rest of the day had been a huge blur. Her legs had automatically carried her to her classes, on the bus, and into her bed, but Katalis was absent from it. She was fighting off the bird from piercing her brain and sucking the life out of her like the nectar out of a flower. While she lay in bed, she tried to give herself reasons not to go to the address on the paper that she had folded up and put in her pocket. She picked her head up off the pillow and looked her jeans on the floor, still looking like someone had slithered out of them and left a perfect silhouette on the ground. In reality, she had actually just unbuttoned them and let them fall as she walked to bed. 
     She rolled off the side of the bed sluggishly and then reached into the pocket with the black paper. She pulled it out and unfolded it. Even with two deep crease lines in it, the eagle looked no less majestic and awe-inspiring. Katalis swiped her phone off the bedside table and typed in the address. It was only about ten minutes from her flat. She set an alarm and took a nap. The alarm went off about a minute after she had woken up again. In two minutes, her jeans were back on, her hair was tied back, and she was walking out the door, flier in hand.


     There was not a bus that went exactly into that part of town. It was mostly derelict and warehouses weren't exactly the kind of places buses run to. The closest she could get was 19th street and Avenue Q. As she walked down 19th, keeping a close eye out for anyone who might recognize her, she could see people gathering at a warehouse a little down the road. The closer she got, though, the fewer people seemed to be standing outside. The doors to a great warehouse was open, and she walked inside. The flier began to glow in her hand. The warehouse was pitch black.
     As she began to walk one direction in the dark, the flier grew dimmer, but as she turned back and went the opposite direction, it got brighter and brighter. After walking in that same direction for a minute, she bumped into a wall. She moved around the paper until it indicated that deeper into the darkness was the way to go. She walked and followed this procedure for some time, until she finally came to a wall that had no further directions to go. By the rather bright light of the flier, she could see a single black square on the wall. She unfolded the paper and had it match the empty square. The square and paper both glowed with a mysterious green light as the wall split down the middle and opened up. The paper was split with it and sucked into the adjoining wall. The hallway behind the false wall was about as lighted as a theater. The floor had lighting in it, but that was it. She stepped through and followed the tunnel. The door closed behind her after a minute, but there was no way to tell for sure. It was dark in the tunnel and the warehouse she had just been in.
     Katalis lost track of time as she walked on through the dark. There was no way to know how far she'd gone. The walls were smooth and cold. She couldn't tell, but they were also painted a glossy black. She began to wonder if she had gotten turned around and was going the way she had came when suddenly, there was light at the end. Faint, like candle light, growing only a little brighter until she stepped out of the tunnel and into an enormous warehouse turned library. The light was indeed candle light, just thousands of them, and there were as many people as there were candles standing in the room. In the middle of the room, a massive pillar was coming up, with a staircase slowly winding around it as it grew. It stopped with about fifteen feet to the ceiling. A curtain dropped from the ceiling and obscured the top of the pillar. Then, a man in a black robe, hood, and mask began walking up the stairs slowly. When he reached the top, he disappeared behind the curtain. The crowd could barely hear the sound of something coming out of a can of compressed air. 






CHAPTER FIVE
Set x.4

     It was Senkan in the robe, walking up the spiraling staircase on the massive, obsidian pillar. As he took each step, slowly to hide the sound of spray paint cans, he thought about what had led him to this point, as so many people who stand on the edge of changing history do.
     The night that Senkan had joined the Expressionist Movement, the Council had come to the decision that they would act aggressively, but properly. Everyone had agreed that the slightest black on mark on their record in the public eye would make them look bad and completely derail any chance they had at unrooting the University's power. They had decided on a public smear campaign that would not only set the people against the University, but also put them firmly on their side. The EXM did not want to start a revolution that would turn violent. The University hadn't come to power with bloodshed, why should they? It was only after the President announced his public call show on television that they had formulated a plan. 
     It was Conkel and Bertha that truly stole the show. They were the engineers of the group and had co-devised the method by which they would sneak into the phone show AND the show that Senkan was currently taking part in. John and Bethany had worked out the questions for Senkan to ask and what he was to say tonight. Sakimal and Nataly worked out security and managing where and how the people in the crowd would get in.
     The facility they were in was rather ingenious. Nataly had been life-long puzzle devourer, so she suggested a maze in the initial building that people would have to walk through, using their flier/tickets to get around. This would guarantee that any peoples not invited, especially those of a government variety, would be prevented from entering. Also, the tunnel that everyone walked through was so long so that Nataly's organization of people could look through the cameras and make sure that they weren't anyone that the EXM knew to have worked for the government. In reality, the tunnel was only about fifty feet long, but it was also a track that could move people backwards without them noticing. It was genius, as was Nataly, evidently.
     After Senkan had intercepted the phone lines on the side of the President, and the President was subsequently embarrassed, the next step was to begin pasting art all over the city. Paintings by Van Gogh, Da Vinci, Monet, Salvador Dali, and Andy Warhol, just to name a few, were wheatpasted on walls, major intersections, and even windows of University buildings. Each was signed in black marker ink by Senkan, at the Artist of course, before being glued to whatever they could find. This was all done during and directly after Senkan's phone call. The newspapers the next day exploded with reports of seeing people in black posting the images all over Lubbock. It was Sakimal's idea to have children hand out fliers to people. "Nobody can tell a child no, no matter what the situation."
     And he was right. The turnout tonight was expected to be primarily just the members of the EXM and their trusted guests, but there actually wound up being about three times that. In fact, the last person in was a woman of about twenty with medium length brown hair and slightly crazy eyes. As she stepped into the library, the doors to the warehouse outside closed and locked, the maze folded in on itself, and there was only one way out, which was the library. 
     As Senkan rounded the corner at the top of pillar, he slipped into the curtain and quickly took off his robe. There were several different cans of paint on a specially made belt and he was writing on a board that had appeared from the ceiling with the curtain. The scene was silent as the spray paint cans made their noise of rebellion. As he finished, he stepped back and whispered into his collar, "now." The moment he said the word, the curtain was cut free from whatever held it up and it fell to the ground. Before it could even touch down, the crowd was screaming with delight. Before them, on a small black wall atop the pillar, was the Artist's words:
WE ARE RIGHT.
-THE ARTIST
     While the crowd was yelling, Senkan thought back to the meeting that the Council had had earlier that morning. It was there that Senkan went from member, to leader of the group.
     They were discussing what they wanted to do as a final nail in the coffin of the University when Senkan suggested a public debate, with hopefully the same outcome as the earlier phone call. Everyone at the table agreed and they were beginning to ask what kinds of questions they should ask when Sakimal stood up slowly. The table was silent, looking at the elder man as he began to pace about the very table that was now beneath the obsidian pillar, in the basement.
     "I think a debate would be an excellent idea, but..." Sakimal began hesitantly.
     "But what Sal?" Bertha asked.
     "But... Will it be enough? Will anything we do to the University possibly be enough? I mean, they have the entire world in their hands and we're here talking about public debate." Sakimal looked angry.
     "Exactly. We have to make ourselves known and look better in a way that shows we not only mean business, but that we're professionals and good citizens." John said, looking concerned.
     "Yes, but at what cost? How long do we have to plug away with phone calls and art pastings and debates? I'm going to suggest something a little radical here everyone, so bear with me." He took a deep breath and swallowed hard. "We need to kill the President."
     The table gasped audibly, and Conkel even jumped to his feet, his massive body throwing his chair over itself.
     "Sakimal, that's ridiculous! We can't just kill the President! That'd be the same as the people who used to run this planet, just killing people for power!" Conkel shouted. Senkan was slightly terrified by how loud he could be, especially when combined with his imposing fists shaking in the air.
     "That's exactly the point though! The University refuses to have any connection to the people of the past, yet they are more like them than they want to admit. Not only that, but we have to admit that these actions we are planning on taking will do almost nothing in the long run. Sure, public opinion of the University will drop down, but in the long run? We'll be forgotten, us seven arrested secretly and 'reeducated' and then released into society." Sakimal was shouting now, his pale face turning an ashen red.
     "No Sal." Senkan was standing now. The table was silent. "No. We cannot, and we will not be responsible for the death of anyone. Just because he is our enemy doesn't mean we should kill him. Either sit down and rescind your idea or leave."
     "I'll do neither Senkan. This is what we're doing and that's final."
     "Oh? Let's take a vote then."
     "What? A vote? This has never been a democratic organization." Sakimal laughed.
     "Then it's time that we make one. The EXM is devoted to the benefits and ideals of opinion, so let's put you to the test. All in favor of killing President Atizay at the debate, say I." Sakimal said I, and he was alone in his voice.
     "Those opposed?" Senkan asked. He, and the rest of table, said the letter.
     "Now then, all those in favor of removing Sakimal Radikal from the Council of the Expressionist Movement, say I." All but Sakimal said a stern "I" in unison.
     "Fine then. You don't have the guts to change the world the only way it can be, I will do it for you." Sakimal turned and left out one of the side doors in the library. That was the last time anyone had seen him, and now it was  time to talk to the gathered masses underneath Senkan's feet.
     "Hello everyone!" Senkan said loudly. His mic picked it up and blasted his voice across the room, which then received a massive cheer from the crowd.
     "In case you couldn't tell, I am the one called Artist." Another burst of cheers. "But my actual name is Senkan Verite. I wanted to talk to you today because I want you all on our side, but it isn't just our side I want you on. I want you on the side of opinion. I want you to join us on the side of honesty. Of humanity. We, as a race, have forgotten what it means to truly be human. Yes, our ancestors let their emotions and their opinions get the better of them, but after decades having nothing to say about anything, it is time to let our hearts override our minds once more. Let us love recklessly! Let us think freely! Let us toss logic to the wind, forgo the norm, embrace the different, and welcome with open arms the ideals that made people before us rule the planet at all: our ability to think, to think freely and independently, and the ability to be whoever we wish to be."
     The crowd exploded in a frenzy. Fists were thrown in the air. People chanted "ART-IST" over and over. He let them chant for a moment before waving their noise down with his hands. "For those who still don't believe with their heart and refuse to accept what they only know, we are making an open challenge right now, live, on TV." From the darkness of the library ceiling, an enormous screen appeared and showed the current program on the most popular station in the country. It was the national news, ironically reporting on the actions of the EXM, when the seal of the Expressionist appeared, the silver of the symbol gleaming in a CGI light against a black background. Senkan picked up a microphone off the ground and took his off his lapel. A camera came floating in front of him, suspended by wires. 
     "Greetings people of the United States of America." Senkan said. When he finished, the screen above turned to his face, his message behind him as a perfect backdrop. "I'd like you to meet the new movement that will change the world." The camera panned down to the crowd, moving at a fast clip to make it appear like there were many more people than there were, which was saying something. There were a ton of people already there. The camera returned to Senkan.
     "This is the Expressionist Movement, a group of individuals that want to remind humanity what it means to be human: feeling. Opinion. The ability to believe in something you know isn't right or logical." The crowd shouted. "My name is Senkan Verite, but you know me better as the Artist. I'd like to make a personal invitation to our illustrious president, Lojik Atizay." The people yelled, again, louder. "If he will accept our challenge, we will meet him in the Circle of Completion on the World University campus, where this all began. We will be waiting at the North podium, and you will meet me at the South one. Any media representative that wishes to be an unbiased mediator is urged to contact us as soon as possible. Your network will get exclusive coverage. Finally, we shall meet on February 9th. I look forward to publicly discussing which side is more right, Mr. President. Logic? Or Opinion?" The screen above returned to the seal of the EXM.
     "Now that we have issued our challenge, there is but one thing left to do!" He was shouting over a screaming crowd. "Meet me at the podium on the 9th! At ten in the morning, and we shall prove that we were right all along! Wear the following: a black v-neck t-shirt and blue jeans. We will openly prove that we are a united front, and by not dressing for the weather, we will show our disregard for logic!" This was something he had not consulted the Council about, but he didn't care. It was time for an age of illogic. As the curtain fell, he heard the people chant "E-X-M! E-X-M!" 

     Within the English language, there are many different ways to say that things went from bad to worse. For example, you might say that "the shit is gonna hit the fan," or you might "rub salt in the wound" of someone who is already having a bad day. You could "fan the flames" on a situation that is already going up in smoke. For Lojik Atizay, all of these terms were accurate, but none quite powerful enough to truly describe how he felt.
     For lack of a more elaborate term, Atizay felt that his entire world was falling down around him. The empire was crumbling. Life as anyone knew it was ending. The shit was hitting the fan.
     The broadcast from the newly exposed Expressionist Movement truly had destroyed any hope that Atizay had for keeping things the way they were. He, of all people, knew what one event could do for, or to, a government. It was the handing of small powers over to the University that had led the former government to crumble. It was violence of Che Guevara that led to his eventual exile and assassination, not his radical views. It was Oprah canceling her daytime TV talk show in order to run her own station that led to her downfall as "America's Most Powerful Woman," and it would be this one debate that hinged the World University's fate on everything.
     Immediately after the broadcast, Atizay had called Lucius, who was already on his way to the office (as he expected), and had him order a public announcement to be made to the entire world: The University welcomed a debate from any party who could objectively prove that it was more appropriate to follow the path of opinion rather than the path of fact. This message was to be prepared and sent immediately, on TV, radio, Internet, and physical fliers and posters. Atizay knew he had to welcome this challenge from the people. He knew that by denying it, by being silent, he would simply have acquiesced to their accusations. He was an experienced debater, and being silent on an argument meant you agreed with it.
     Atizay was not about to do that. He looked at the clock. 12:24AM, February 9th. He had about nine and a half hours to prepare himself. His fluid answers and rhetoric would be the only thing that could save him. He was sitting in his easy chair at his house when he stood up suddenly, sent a text to Lucius, and ran outside to his car. He didn't stop to think about his coat either.


     "What?!"  Lucius asked incredulously.
     "You heard me Lucius. I'm going to defend the University to the best of my ability, but I have this suspicion that the enemy may not be the enemy after all." Atizay said calmly.
     "I'm sorry sir, but I simply don't understand. How can you be suggesting that we work with these people to form a new way of living?"
     It was true. Atizay, logic's greatest defender, was now a turncoat. Well, not entirely. The idea had come to him seconds before he bolted to the door of his home. He had a vision of a world where both logic and opinion worked hand in hand, together. It was different from the world he knew before the one helped make. That one was run entirely by opinion, with very little room for the introduction of truth. Now, it was reversed. Sitting in his easy chair, Atizay realized that everything is better in moderation, and that single epiphany changed him. He saw all the people he had tried to be the opposite of, Guevara, Stalin, Hitler, in himself now. He had come full circle. He was a dictator by truth.
     His ability to do this is what would mark him as one of the greatest leaders to have every existed.
     He realized that he had to integrate what the EXM preached into the way the World University ran. He knew that it was the only way to truly allow humanity a utopia. In the early morning hours before ten o'clock, Lucius and Atizay spent equal time writing speaking points about the blessings of a world run by logic and why they should integrate. It took some time, but eventually Lucius could see the President's point. He was a logical man after all.
     Around seven in the morning, Atizay and Lucius were putting the final touches on their speaking points when Ms. Wall nearly broke the door down opening it. It was the first time that Atizay or Lucius, or possibly anyone, had seen her look even a little disheveled. She had been running, was covered in sweat, and her hair was sticking to her face. Also, her dark glasses were now absent from her face.
     "Lo-jik." she panted.
     "What is it?!" Atizay said, rising and walking over to her briskly.
     "The Agency is going beyond their bounds. They're about to move in and arrest the leading members of the EXM at their headquarters." She said. She realized, just as much as the two in the office, that this debate had to go on. Detaining the opposition was even worse than not answering them at all. They would become martyrs, and no one has ever thought badly of a martyr who was on the good side.
     Atizay rushed over to his desk phone and called Charles.
     "Charles, I swear on this entire University, that if those EXM members are arrested before or after this debate, you will not only have a lost a job, but you will also be held personally responsible by the entire nation for making the University look like cowards. If it comes out that you were the one who ordered this blitz, you can be sure that I will destroy any career you have here or want anywhere else. You can also be sure that you will be the first prisoner that the World University has ever had. Am I clear?"
     Lucius and Ms. Wall stared at the President, which hadn't been angry about anything in years. The rage felt foreign and hot in his veins, but he let it funnel his wrath onto Charles.
     "Good. I want to see every squad back and accounted for at your headquarters in five minutes. I'm sending Ms. Wall and Lucius to deal with the situation and make sure that they are, in fact, returned to base. And as soon as every Agency member is accounted for, Lucius and Ms. Wall will escort you to my office. If I don't see you by eight o'clock, never step foot on campus again."
     He slammed the phone down on the receiver so hard that the plastic casing on the back of the handset cracked. He put both palms on the desk and stared a hole into the wood of it. He spoke with forced calmness.
     "Lucius, Ms. Wall, would you two be so kind as to make sure my direct orders were followed? I would like any discrepancies reported to me and any Agency members, at any level, that are seen to be the root of the issue detained for questioning. I will not have this... bullshit before the most important day in the University's history."
     "Yes sir." Lucius said crisply and ushered himself and Ms. Wall out. They closed the door behind them. Atizay collapsed into his chair, pulled out a cigar that he had been saving for the anniversary of the University's utopia, and lit it. He had fought so hard, so honestly, for this world to be the way he envisioned it should be. He hadn't shut down or massacred any groups or races or anything. He was fair and honest. His only fault, he kept reminding himself, was that he stifled the most essential part of humanity: our individuality. As he thought about how he planned to rectify his situation, he dozed off. Atizay was no longer a young man, and needed sleep.
     He was startled to wake up and see Lucius staring directly at him. He was alone.
     "Where's Charles?"
     "Outside, with Ms. Wall."
     "Okay, bring him in."
     Lucius walked to the door and opened it. Ms. Wall and Charles walked in, the man looking like he was a puppy that had just been caught pooing the corner.
     "Lucius, Ms. Wall, please exit while I have a word with Charles." The pair left silently.
     "Sit." Atizay didn't even look up from his desk.
     "Sir, I'd just like to say that I-"
     "No, shut up." said the President ferociously. "I will not hear a single word from you until I ask you to speak, is that clear?"
     Charles nodded his compliance.
     "Good. Charles, you've been on my board for some time now. You helped us get to where we are. I'd hope that I've taught you at least something about how the governments past ran things, but apparently not." Now, Atizay turned directly to face his underling, locking his eyes on him. Charles wanted to look away, it felt like his insides were burning with guilt, but he couldn't. "Now, to say I'm mad is an understatement, as is to say that I'm disappointed. If anything, I'm surprised that someone whom I've so trusted to run the most powerful and unknown branch of the government would be so fucking stupid."
     Atizay walked over to where Charles sat and looked down on him. "Stand up." He did. "You may speak."
     "I'm sorry President Atizay, truly I am, and I will never let any-" Atizay, quicker than anyone his age could dream of moving, punched Charles's lower jaw so hard that the cracking of bones was heard just outside the door, where Lucius and Ms. Wall were eavesdropping. It so alarmed them that they even opened the door to make sure everything was okay.
     What they saw was a bleeding Dean of Security on the floor, blood slowly dripping out his mouth and onto the carpet, his legs hung up in his tipped over chair, and Atizay crouching down beside him. He said,
     "You are hereby suspended from any and all your duties. You are also expressly forbidden from any employment in any official or unofficial government career. You are never to step foot on University property again. Get up, get out, and never return to this city either." The President stood, dusted off his jacket dramatically, and looked to the pair watching with open mouths. 
     "Ms. Wall, you are the interim for Charles here. Please see to it that his own men see him out." Ms. Wall, after her initial shock, took out her phone and dialed a number. Within moments, two stocky men in black suits walked in, lifted the barely conscious Charles, and drug him away.
     Atizay looked at the clock. It was 9:30AM. 

     To say that Katalis had gone mad would be inaccurate. She was not crazy, in fact, she was rather rational in almost everything that she did. On the surface, and even slightly deeper, no one could tell the thoughts that were fighting inside her mind like male bulls during mating season, destroying the brain cells around them.
     A simple visit to her apartment would be more than enough to see that something was seriously wrong.
     It wasn't messy. Not even unstable Katalis could stand it to be messy. It was not, however, logically organized. The TV faced the wall, the couch had its back to the back of the TV as well, like two lovers having a fight. Lamps were upside down. A chair was suspended from the ceiling by fishing line. All the batteries were taken from everything and lined up on the window sill. In her bedroom, clothes were taped to the wall, the ceiling, the mirror, and even the headboard. The entirety of the situation was, at best, bizarre, and at worst, exactly what it looked like: the home of someone who was fighting with herself.
     Her need to fulfill both the warring sides of her mind had physically expressed herself not in her behavior, but in her home. While all these things were randomly placed and done, they were perfectly placed. The lamps were upturned perfectly. The couch and TV were at 180 degree angles from each other. The clothes were taped so that not even a millimeter of tape was visible. Within all the apparent madness was the clear logic of someone who had gone entirely off their rocker. On February 7th, the girl had followed her flier's instructions to the rally. For a moment, when the broadcast started, she was terrified she'd be on TV, but it quickly melted away when the Artist started talking.
     It was the passion in his voice that truly won her over. He sounded so convicted, so sure of himself that it felt like the hummingbird in her head wanted to fly right out of her skull and into his arms. His words weren't particularly eloquent, but it wasn't prepared. It was a speech made to empower and stir up the populace. It was a speech that made her blood boil, and not in a negative way. She felt powerful, strong, and motivated. For a time after the rally, she felt that she was firmly on their side, but the buzzing returned a few hours later to remind her of her upbringing. Of the University. Of the fact that she could be an openly gay woman living in a free world without fear of persecution from those who thought that they were wrong. She didn't want to see that world go away, but also knew that something had to change.
     The day of February 8th would be one of Katalis's worst days in her life, and there were few to compare it to. It wasn't bad because of anything that happened, but because she had constantly relive what she had dreamed about, but that comes later. The morning was a clear indicator of the day. It was gray, cold, and bleak. She woke up with a monstrous migraine and, as always, the buzzing. She didn't even hear it anymore, so much as feel like, like a phone was going off in her head on silent.
     She slumped out of bed and walked to the couch, where she almost sat down, but instead opted to pace over to the fridge and pull out a tall bottle of dry gin. The buzzing seemed to either stop or smooth out over the course of a few drinks. She crouched down to look for tonic, or anything to mix the liquor with, but found only purified water. She sighed and removed the water bottle. In a tall glass, she poured half gin, half water, then downed it. The buzzing already calmed itself. Then another drink. Down. The third one she took back to bed with her, along with the little leather journal.
     The journal would become a source of great debate amongst family, friends, and the general population. Ever since she had first found it, she had written almost constantly within it. Ninety-five percent of it was either drunken rants or the ramblings of someone who just needed to talk. There was a disturbing five percent, however, that simply referenced how glorious it must be to have a silent mind, one that never buzzes or quarrels with itself. She wrote about the Artist and the President both, about how unfair it was that they were unequivocally resolute in their choices.
     She was most furious at herself for not being able to decide which side she was on. There were numerous T-Charts within the leather boundaries. On each one, the left side was for the EXM, the right for the University. The debate on each chart was worth exploring for at least an hour in an academic discussion, and each one was entirely generated in her mind.
     For example, one chart was a list of the different positives that each side had done for her personally. Another listed why each deserved to be relegated to the pages of history. More still were just scribbles with vague notions attached to them. It was the last entry, now, that would truly spark the debate. It was different from all the other ones, looking incredibly clean and organized, save a few misspelled words.
     It was not so much what she said in the journal, except for one part, as how she said it. She wrote about a dream she had had the night before where the same kind of imagery kept appearing. She would wake up in the dream as a kind of martyr for something. First, it was Romeo and Juliet, and she was both people tragically star-crossed to be with herself, but she was also watching this as a play, and she was alone in the auditorium seats. Then the dream shifted, and she was Lucifer before the fall, flying up the face of God, which was also hers. With tears in her eyes, she cast herself out of Heaven. It shifted again, and now she was Eve, persuading Adam to eat of the fruit, and then there she was as God again, casting her out. Another shift and she had become a young, gay boy hanging himself because of being bullied so ferociously. The dreams got worse from there on. In each, she died, but it always as a sacrifice.
     The writing of these dreams took place on her bed, the gin bottle slowly emptying as she was now sufficiently drunk enough to not need water with it. The more she drank, the more clear and crisp her writing became. The words weren't passionate, though. They were very concise and to the point. Even with this though, she still took her time to write each letter perfectly. It was dark again before she had finished, and the journal no longer had any more room to write save the back of the last page. 
     For some pages at the end, Katalis had been writing out the debate in her mind as if she were the transcriber for it. The last page was the solution to the debate, however, and when she wrote it, the buzzing disappeared forever and she fell asleep.
     The page read:
     "The only answer to the greatest debate in human history, fact versus opinion, truth or emotion, objectivity against subjectivity, is irrelevant because the only thing that can be truly proven is this: Silence. The only answer is silence."
     The leather journal fell off the bed and landed face down, with the last page staring at the floor. 


     The morning of the ninth was sunny and clear, as was Katalis's head. She sat on the edge of the bed, stretched her arms, and put on the warmest clothes she could find. The clock on her phone told her it was nine in the morning. She boarded the bus for school just like she always had and sat in silence on the way there.
     There were many more people at the University than she was expecting. Everyone had come out to see the fate of the world be decided, she reasoned. Her slight frame enabled her to slip through people with relative ease, the no longer fresh snow crunching as it had turned to ice under the feet of the crowd. She finally reached the Circle and was on the street surrounding it when she saw a group of tough looking men standing in formation on the side of the EXM. They were not wearing the black v-necks and jeans that the rest of them were, as per the orders of the Artist, but instead wore heavy black jackets, dark pants, boots, and hats that covered their hair and ears. The thing that caught Katalis's eyes, however, was not their dress, but the metallic black pistol that was barely visible from under their jacket.
     She felt a rage well up within her. She had finally figured out the reasoning and meaning to everything and then she was met with the brute force of humans. It was there on that cold, frosted morning that she realized that humans can never be any one side of anything, and any person is going to be different from any other person. She hadn't planned what she would do, but once the idea was formed, it was destiny.
     As she was about to begin her plan, the mediator of the debate spoke up. She had been so internally focused that she hadn't even noticed that the debate was about to begin.
     "Good morning everyone." said the man that Katalis thought she had seen on a local news channel. "I'm Dylan Sanders, news anchor for channel eleven, and your mediator for today's public debate between the World University and the Expressionist Movement." A round of applause. Katalis stopped in her tracks, hand extended toward the firearm, and listened.
     "Before we begin, we will establish some basic courtesy rules. The speakers will take turns speaking, and a coin flip will decide who speaks first. From there, the two debaters will take turns speaking and asking each other questions. After that, the audience will be allowed to step forward and ask as well. Gentlemen, please step forward."
     There they were. Two men that, although separated by many years of age, were equal, both physically and intellectually. The men stared directly into each other's eyes. This debate was just as personal as it was public.
     "Do you two consent to the rules laid out before you?" Sanders asked, looking back and forth between them.
     "Yes."
     "Yes." It was said simultaneously.
     "Then let this debate commence." Sanders sat down and prepared his notes, shuffling some papers.
     "The coin flip then. Call it in the air President Atizay." He flipped a quarter and let it fall to the ground. Mid air, Atizay said "Heads."
     "Tails. The first question will be directed to Senkan Verite, better known as the Artist, and representing the Expressionist Movement or EXM. Mr. Verite," Senkan looked at him, "You may ask the first question."
     "Thank you." Senkan said seriously. The man had the voice of a man, but the appearance of a boy. He was smallish, and looked pale and thin in his black t-shirt and jeans. "Mr. President, why do you think it is so necessary that only logic can prevail and all opinion must be faulty until proven fact?"
     The President didn't waste a single second. "Because the opinions of the individual in the past frequently superseded the wants and, more importantly, the needs of the many. 150 years ago, one man motivated a country to kill millions of believers of a particular religion. Do you know why? Because this man thought the victims of his genocide were inferior humans. The opinions of the ruling classes in the 15, 16, and 1700s meant a whole race of people were subjugated to slavery and torture by the then "freest nation in the world," which happens to have been the one we live in now. Do you know why this happened? Because the rulers then viewed this race as inferior and, many times over, referred to them as less than human. When religion still existed, almost every person had a reason to be executed: if you were gay, or black, or poor, or an adulterer, or well-read, or even questioned authority, you could be forced to suffer the same torture as criminals and thieves, and all the death and suffering was a direct result of human opinion about other humans. How can you honestly stand there and justify that the reality that the University delivered humanity from was better than this one?"
     Throughout his speech, half of the crowd had clapped and cheered. They were excited by his words, and reminded of why they supported the University in the first place.
     "Well," Senkan started, "Mr. President, while I do know of and acknowledge the atrocities of past that were wrought by opinion, I still fail to see the benefit or the rationale in denying your citizens the right to have a voice on matters that matter to them. Also, it was not because of the World University that I know about the things that happened in the past. I had to dig deep for them, using typically less than legal methods. It shouldn't be a crime, or require one, to learn the past. It should be taught to children and adults alike so that they can know evil when it appears and goodness when it takes form. 
     "The World University denies its citizens the ability to express themselves, and not by force, but by conditioning them to think it's wrong. If you forced it, you'd be overthrown, but by having parents teach it to children, you guarantee that they will grow up hating opinion and loving facts. The only thing that makes you better than the regimes of before is that you haven't killed anyone to make your point.
     "Now, don't get me wrong. I fully appreciate and understand the contribution to the world that the University has made, I'm grateful that armed conflict and crime is non-existent. I'm thrilled that all people of all races and walks of life can be themselves openly, but at what cost? All civilizations before this one celebrated art, and the people that made it, artists. I'm not trying to toot my own horn here, but the fact remains that Art is a fundamental part of making us human. It is how we can express ourselves without words, with just beauty. And it is gone now. Tell me then, President Atizay, how did having art hurt the world?"
     The people on the side of the Expressionist Movement exploded in cheering. They were shouting and hollering and making such a commotion that a hundred years before, a SWAT team would have been called to handle the situation. The mediator banged a gavel a few times to get them to calm down.
     "It wasn't art so much that threatened the utopia we all live in, but the ideas that art could convey, the dangerous and subversive opinions that could derail sensible citizens into a frenzy. I know this sounds authoritarian and like the very criminals I referenced earlier, but it must be understood that the perfect world we live in was a gift borne of humanity favoring facts, logic, and truth above opinion. I have to ask you though: How do you think that reintroducing opinion as a ruling factor in every day life will help the world?"
     Senkan didn't even give the crowd time to cheer before continuing. "I don't know for certain that it will help the world. No body can be sure, and in fact, it may return to cause great damage to the human species, but I'm not alone in thinking that living with a little pain and danger and being able to openly express my feelings about it is better than the inverse. We are human. We are not marked by our ability to make logical decision: any animal can do that. A bird won't attack a cat for food, because logically, it knows it will get killed. A fish doesn't swim to the open mouth of a shark in defiance, no, it swims away as fast as possible, and why? It is logical.
     "We are marked by our ability to make less than logical decisions and make art, and have opinions on things. To be truly human, we have to express our humanity." The crowd, it felt like on both sides, was cheering at him, yet his eyes never wavered from his opponent. The gavel slammed down and the audience clapped as a whole. 
     "Well, after an intense and heated debate from both sides of the fence, let's open up the floor to the members of the crowd. Please everyone, be respectful and organize yourselves up here at the mic." A small line formed before the microphone. Katalis was fifth in line.
     "First question! Please say your name and then state your question." The mediator told the meek looking man of about fifty.
     "My name is Jenkins Jones. This question is for the Artist." He turned to directly face Senkan, and Senkan did so in turn. "Why did you decide to commit a crime in order to be heard? Wouldn't a public message like this have been just as effective without damaging property?"
     Senkan thought a second before answering. "Well, while I don't necessary condone crime, I believe that something shocking was needed to get the world's attention. Had I just stood outside on some random street corner and shouted about the denial of humanity, I would have been called a madman, institutionalized, and probably reeducated to believe what the University wanted me to believe. I honestly thought about just making handouts and leaving them in any number of places, but that would have been even less effective. By juxtaposing the most jarring thing possible, an inflammatory message left in graffiti on the center of the government, I could get the world's attention. And it worked, right?"

     "Thank you." The man nodded his head and shuffled off the stage. Katalis didn't hear or pay attention to the next question and its answer. She was feeling the weights in her jacket pockets, the pieces of metal still very cold, but heating up around her fingers.
     "Third question from..." the mediator said.
     "Lucy Bollingsly. This question is for both sides. Gentlemen, would a government where both truth and opinion ever be possible?"
     The question took everyone by surprise. Even those in the outlying ring of people stopped murmuring to listen. Atizay and Senkan looked at each other. The eye-lock was about to end when a new voice suddenly appeared, loud and wavering.
     "Yes, that is a great question you two, why must we all be so divided, one side has to be all wrong and the other side all right." It was Katalis, and she had pushed her way to the front of the line and was now speaking. There were no guards to stop her. Security hadn't been necessary in sometime for any reason, and nobody thought to have it now.
     "Look, ever since the, uh, Artist here," Katalis's voice was unstable, shaking. Her whole body was. The buzzing had returned in beyond full force and was making her tremble like an earthquake was splitting her in two. "Ever since he made this little notes on the campus, my mind has been a buzz with differences. I can't decide who's right. Both of you make so much sense and both have so much you've done wrong. I can't... I can't decide, but finally, last night, I got the answer. It appeared to me, and I know it's right because the buzzing stopped when I wrote it down." 
     Her fingers in the jacket pockets flipped a switch. "Do you know what I wrote down gentlemen?" She pulled the pistols from her pockets, the cold winter sun gleaming off the brushed metal like a diamond in the rough. "That the only true answer, to all questions, is silence. Is death. It is the answer to life's questions and to life itself." She took aim with both arms, and fired. Then she turned the pistols to the sides of her own head and whispered, "Silence," as her fingers pulled the triggers simultaneously. 
