Alien Of Our Own © 2006 by Suprina Frazier. Second version.
Published by: Bridges & Channels Enterprises, LLC
http://www.bridgesandchannels.com/


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of the Publisher.

All characters in this publication have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone bearing the same name or names. Except for the states and major cities of distinction, all other cities and towns referred to herein are fictional and purely the invention of the author. Any song lyrics and titles have been properly cited within the text.
* * *
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
* * *
Special Thanks to God – He’s a Way-Maker.
He is my strength. He makes my feet like hinds’ feet and makes me to walk upon my high places. I praise my Heavenly Father for giving me the courage to tell a different kind of love story.
* * *
Other published eBooks by this author
Big Girlz Won’t Cry
Enticing Mr. Wrong
Country Gal Gone Wild
My Lover, My Friend
Miss Opportunity
Pretty Packages
Pulling Him Back
Pursuing Mrs. Regrets
Sweet Lips
The Professor
Treachery Among Diamonds
* * *
Contact Info
Email:
mochainterlude@yahoo.com
Main Website:
http://suprinafrazier.webs.com/
* * *
Disclaimer: As stated previously, Alien Of Our Own is a work of fiction. The spiritual beliefs and opinions contained therein reflect the views of the author and her alone. Suprina respects your right not to agree with those views. Please respect her right to have them.

For your convenience, I've listed at the bottom of each chapter the scriptures and other references I used while researching this story. This way you can check them out for yourselves if you feel inclined to do so. All scriptures were taken from the King James Version of the Bible unless otherwise stated. 

With all that said, it’s time to embark upon what is hopefully an amazing, fun-filled, and enlightening ride for you! 
* * *


 
Prologue 
2167 – May
With dark brown eyes ablaze with excitement and an olive face lit with anticipation, Dr. Juna Manning took a moment from her work to just look out the window. That was a normal thing to do, right? Didn’t most employees take mental breaks throughout their workday?
Yes, on both accounts. Except Juna wasn’t a normal employee and she wasn’t looking out of an ordinary window. She didn’t even work in a regular office building. 
Juna was an astronaut for H-NASA, a humanitarian subsidiary of NASA. The window she looked out of today was attached to the oblong-shaped space shuttle that she and her husband, Dr. Elexander Manning, had been traveling in for months now. 
Juna’s eagerness stemmed from the fact that they were finally going to enter the Andromeda Galaxy or M31 as it was scientifically called. They would enter that zone sometime in the next thirty minutes, though it had taken them nearly six months to get there. 
Six long months!
Yet Juna suspected that the waiting would be so worth it. It had to be.
“My, it really is beautiful out here, isn’t it?” Juna said, admiring the dark wonders of the cosmos from her seat on the flight deck. She could barely sit still and it had nothing at all to do with the lack of gravity in the shuttle. 
At his wife’s verbal prompt, Elexander looked up from the controls of his workstation and nodded. The dark backdrop with its millions of heavenly lights was beautiful. Unfortunately, it also had a tendency to make him feel very small in the universe, very insignificant. 
The fully-loaded, yet very compact space shuttle they traveled in didn’t help matters. Elexander still felt like a gnat flying over the ocean. Less than a gnat in space.
I am significant. I do have a purpose, Elexander mused, telling himself the same things he’d recited since they left Earth’s atmosphere. The fact that he and his wife of ten years had seemed almost handpicked for this very important humanitarian mission was further proof that they both had a destiny to fulfill.[i]
The Mannings were on a two-year mission to a newly discovered planet just outside of Earth’s solar system in the Andromeda Galaxy. The well-trained scientists/astronauts were going to see firsthand if this planet (named Nico-1 after the man that discovered it - Nico Paneh) was as inhabitable as earlier studies had shown it to be. 
From space, Nico-1 had some of the same distinguishing features as Earth. In astronaut lingo, the water (seas) and the dirt (land) were very similar. There were vivid blues to indicate the existence of viable water sources, browns and greens to indicate huge land masses, and enough clouds in all textures and shades of white to suggest that there was sufficient atmosphere to support life.
The reason for this trip was one of extreme necessity. Due to the curing of many major diseases, people on Earth were living longer. Subsequently, they were also having more babies, which caused the population to expand at an alarming rate. As a result, worldwide food shortages were being experienced on a regular basis due to the decrease in farmland. 
Unless more habitable land was found in the next twenty years, there might be worldwide famine. Famine that might take decades to recover from. The people at H-NASA hoped that Nico-1 proved to be just what the people of Earth needed.
“You’re mighty quiet today. In fact, you’ve been getting increasingly quieter ever since we left Earth’s atmosphere,” Juna noted, turning from the window to look at her silent mate. 
Suddenly the prospect of entering the spiral Andromeda Galaxy very soon wasn’t quite as important. Only the man that she’d fallen in love with at first sight mattered now. 
Elexander glanced briefly at his wife, before returning his attention to the lighted controls in front of him. He was always double-checking, or rather triple-checking everything like most competent astronauts did. 
“I guess I’m quieter than usual because the gravity of what we’re doing has been weighing on me slowly but surely over the last few months. A lot of people are depending on us in this mission, Juna. Not just in our country, but all over the world,” Elexander replied, still keeping his eyes on the controls. He didn’t want Juna to see what was in his ebony pools. He didn’t want his current insecurity to taint her cheerful disposition.   
Picking up on her husband’s melancholy anyway, an insightful Juna reached over and grabbed one of his hands in comfort. “I know a lot of people are depending on us, baby. I also know that you and I are going to do everything in our collective power to see that we don’t let them down.”  
Elexander frowned, causing his caramel forehead to wrinkle, his thick black brows to furrow together. Then he took a deep breath, swallowed his pride, and turned to face his wife again, ready to reveal his greatest fear to the only person he could ever tell it to. Not even his best friend Badru (BAH-droo) Karson knew this secret. 
“But what’s going to happen if our best still isn’t good enough? What if we let them down anyway?” Elexander asked, deep concern written all over his Greek features.
Juna squeezed his large hand with her much smaller one. “A person’s best is all he or she can ever really give anyone. In my opinion, we’ve already done so much for our planet that I would not entertain even an ounce of guilt if we fail on this mission.” 
“Not even an ounce?”
“Not even an ounce. Less than a gram,” Juna replied with a tender smile.
Though the semblance of a smile tugged at the corners of Elexander’s mouth, he still didn’t look convinced. Therefore, Juna began to remind him of some of the things they had accomplished during their ten-year marriage. “Not meaning to brag, but let’s do a quick review of what we’ve already done for Earth.” She released his hand and prepared to count on her fingers as she usually did when about to make a convincing argument.
Elexander’s left brow rose higher than the other in amusement as he looked at Juna’s expressive hands. Thanks to his optimistic wife, he could feel his gloomy mood changing already. A full smile was upon his lips now. 
“Are you preparing to go on a roll, my dear?” Elexander teased.
Juna smirked playfully at him and nodded. “Sure am, honey pie,” she replied, using a thick southern accent as the warmth of Elexander’s smile permeated deep within her pores. Juna liked that he wasn’t committed to just one attitude, to just one way of thinking or feeling. That he could be very flexible when he needed to be. 
Good husband, Juna mused, loving him all the more.
“Then roll on, baby,” Elexander urged. Giving her his full attention, he folded his muscular arms comfortably across his chest, blocking out the red, white, and blue H-NASA logo on his shirt.
That was all the consent Juna needed as she began to count on her fingers. “Number one, we found safer and faster ways to grow produce, huge produce, thereby making the most of the farmland we still have. Number two, our research has made intergalactic travel better and faster. Number three, we are now traveling in a space shuttle made from the prototype that we submitted to H-NASA. A shuttle that is not only safer, but more equipped to handle long range space travel.” Having made her case, Juna leaned closer to her husband and asked, “Now doesn’t that make you feel lighter inside?”
“Much lighter.” Elexander blessed her with a grin now. He appreciated Juna for reminding him of their previous accomplishments. He often forgot to review past victories due to his engrossment with improving the future. 
Although Elexander did feel considerably more lighthearted from Juna’s pep talk, it did not take away all of his anxiety. He’d feel much better about things once they actually made it safely into Andromeda and landed on Nico-1, which was located in the northeast corner of that solar system. 
However, since Juna’s pep talk had also reminded him of the need to enjoy the present, Elexander decided to do his best to savor this moment. After all, they would be the first human beings to ever enter this particular part of the universe. Even the people back at the command center wouldn’t get to experience this moment with them via shuttle communications. 
The Mannings had gone beyond the scope of the communication portal a month ago. Therefore, those at H-NASA would witness this months later through a satellite that Juna would send on Earth’s path right after they crossed over into Andromeda. 
“How about we use autopilot for the next twenty minutes or so and enjoy M31’s vivid imagery,” Elexander suggested. He was already programming the shuttle’s computer now.
“Oh, can we?” Juna practically squealed, clapping her hands with delight. Her previous excitement returned with full force. Ever since they started this mission, she’d been waiting to see the colorful spiral arms of Andromeda up-close and personal. Oh to be an eyewitness to M31’s dust lanes, red nebulae and slightly bluish star clouds was almost like a slice of heaven to her.
“Yes, we can,” Elexander replied, hitting the last button to complete the sequence he’d been working on. 
In no time, Juna had unbuckled herself from the red canvas and leather chair. Even if there had been gravity in the shuttle, she probably would have still floated over to her husband just from the elation of the moment alone.
Meanwhile, Elexander made room for Juna in his larger blue chair as he often did when they wanted to cuddle at the helm. “I was thinking, what if Nico-1 ends up being like the Garden of Eden[ii] to us. Wouldn’t that be great?” he said, making an even greater effort to look on the bright side of things as he drew his floating wife down into his arms.
“Yes, it would. But anywhere you are, is like the Garden of Eden to me, Elexander.” Juna maneuvered her athletic frame next to her husband’s.   
At those heartfelt words, Elexander bent to tenderly kiss her forehead. “I love you, baby,” he said in a fervent whisper, allowing his warm breath to caress her face. 
“I love you, too,” Juna replied as happy tingles cascaded up and down her spine.
“I guess we’re just two little lovebirds flying around in space, huh?” Elexander chuckled and reached over to buckle them both in. This was a precaution just in case the ride into M31 was a bumpy one and also to keep them from floating all over the place now.
“That’s right.” Juna laughed, resting her head upon his strong shoulder now that they were all comfy and settled. She loved that Elexander kept his body fit, despite the fact that he spent a lot of time in a lab. As a result of him making time for physical exercise, Juna was encouraged to do the same. Now they both were healthier than they’d ever been in their lives.  
Suddenly, Juna’s mind was snatched from the wonders of her husband’s muscular physique as the whole shuttle jerked violently forward. Then before either scientist could respond in any way, the spacecraft was pulled headfirst with vacuum-like force through Andromeda’s northeast portal.
“Whee!” was Juna’s wide-eyed response.
“Whoa!” was Elexander’s as he and his wife were catapulted into the unknown.  
________________________________________
[i]  Romans 8:28 
[ii]  Genesis 2:8-15




Chapter 1 
2168 – February
Juna strolled through the lush Nico-1 garden for the last time. The beautiful garden had a large hedge of stone surrounded by fragrant pink and yellow flowers, thick grass that felt like carpet beneath the feet, and two groves of trees that were separated by a babbling brook. 
And the air…
The air in the garden and everywhere else on Nico-1 was extremely refreshing. It was as if your lungs smiled every time you took a breath. 
As Juna took that farewell stroll, a domesticated brown animal that she named Mamba followed her, nibbling foliage as it went. The waterbuck-looking animal often stuck close to Juna’s side as she explored the landscape. It had been that way between them from the very beginning.
“Oh, Mamba. I really hate to leave all this behind. And especially you.” Juna turned to stroking the fur of the first animal she’d met on Nico-1. Even now she remembered that fateful day.
One morning, many months ago, Mamba wandered too close to the Mannings’ space shuttle. Instead of receiving a swift lash on the back with a stick, she’d been given a bunch of green leaves from a kind human hand. The female buck had returned every day since to visit with them.
At Juna’s words, Mamba’s hornless head bobbed up and down as if she somehow understood what was being said to her. 
One of Juna’s brows rose at that seemingly intelligent response. She knelt down to give the buck a hug about the neck. “I’ll be back to see you again, my friend. I promise.”
Despite the fact that Juna hated to leave this Eden-like place where the weather was always sunny and bright, she knew she had to for several reasons. First and foremost, she was pregnant now. The water on Nico-1 was to blame. Although it was safe to drink, it made males and females very fertile, even those, like Juna, who were on the most effective birth control known to man. 
The Mannings found out too late that Nico-1’s water supply had systematically weakened the hormonal birth control that had been infused into Juna’s body before leaving Earth. Now she was three months pregnant, which meant that they needed to shorten their mission significantly in order to get her home before the baby was born. In fact, they’d been ordered home by their superiors for the exact same reason.
On top of all that, their travel time had been extended by two months, even though the weather on Nico-1 was exactly the same every day and eliminated their need to find a launch window. No, the two extra months were exactly how long it would take the Mannings to get to another exit point since they could not go out the way they came in. 
The inward vacuum of the northeast portal would simply keep sucking their little ship back in. Just like it had done all those satellite messages they’d tried to send out at the beginning of their residency on Nico-1. The Mannings would therefore have to exit M31 through the southeast portal since it had an outward thrust. 
Based on the return messages they received from the command center, the southeast exit actually sped the traveling time up by several months, enabling more rapid communications. As a result of this forceful outlet, Juna and Elexander were very likely to get home a good two months before their baby was due. That would certainly please both of their parents, who were anxiously awaiting their arrival home. 
The second reason the Mannings had to leave Nico-1 now was because all the information that they’ve sent back to earth via satellite thus far had gained worldwide attention. Now top scientists from all over Earth’s globe wanted to get involved. Many were advocating the Mannings’ speedy return so that the samples they’ve collected so far could be studied. They also wanted the Mannings to lead a larger team of scientists to Nico-1 to find out why it wasn’t already inhabited. This return trip would take place after Juna gave birth to their child, of course. 
“It’s hard saying goodbye, isn’t it?” Elexander said, verbally making himself known since his feet had not made a sound on the plush grass underneath.
The whole planet was like one big fertile garden. That fact alone kept the married scientists puzzled as to why it wasn’t inhabited by other intelligent beings by now. So far, the only flesh and blood creatures they’d seen were animals. Though the animals on Nico-1 were very curious and quite friendly at times, they were still just animals.
Juna turned to look at her husband. Tears were in her dark brown eyes as she released Mamba and stood up again. “Yes, it is very hard to leave. Nico-1 feels more like home to me than Earth ever did. I love everything about it, especially the animals.” She looked down at Mamba again. Love glistened in her eyes for the animal that she’d helped to calf just three months ago.
Elexander came closer and patted Mamba on the head. “I, too, feel at home here. Perhaps we’ll make Nico-1 our permanent home one day. I’d love to see our child growing and playing right alongside Mamba’s calves.” 
At those words, Mamba nudged closer to Elexander’s right leg. It was as if she approved of what had been said.
“Oh, Elexander, I’d love to settle here permanently,” Juna gushed as she reached beyond Mamba to plant a kiss on her husband’s cheek. Though they both would miss their parents and friends, the fact that safe travel between the two planets was now possible made that less of a problem for them.
“Then that’s most certainly what we’ll do,” Elexander replied, relishing his wife’s affection. “To be quite honest, I wish we could settle here now. Especially since we’ve grown so close to each other and even closer to God here. Yet with all the obligations we have back on Earth and with the baby coming, I don’t see how we could stay.” 
Elexander walked around Mamba and drew his wife into his arms. One of his large hands caressed her still flat belly. He looked forward to seeing her abdomen expand with his child. 
“I understand and I am ready to face what is before us,” Juna said, revealing the courage that her husband had always loved about her. 
This is the best helpmate any man could ever ask for. Elexander smiled. 
He also deemed his wife a genuine trooper in every sense of the word. Not only had she accompanied him on a mission filled with risks and uncertainties, she hadn’t complained one bit, not even about female things. Elexander thought for sure Juna would complain about the cutting of her long black locks. However, when it came time for her hair to be trimmed for the mission, she hadn’t winced or shed one tear in the barber’s chair. 
Faced with doing that again for the return mission, despite the fact that her hair had only just gotten long again, Juna had taken the scissors to her own head and trimmed the thick locks until they were ear length. She understood how difficult it was to take care of long hair in space and thus had done what was necessary. 
“You look ready to face the future. I am ready, as well,” Elexander replied, pushing past the feelings of foreboding he’d had ever since they received orders to return to Earth. There was something about going back that just didn’t set right with him. Yet they were bound by their obligations to H-NASA and the rest of the people on their home planet.
“But first, let us enjoy this particular moment more fully,” Elexander added huskily, determined to make the most of the present.
Then pushing all negative feelings aside, the enamored scientist whisked his radiant wife away to their favorite spot in the whole garden. Elexander intended to make their last day on Nico-1 a day to remember for years to come.
As if she understood the significance of this moment, Mamba exited the garden to allow the humans more privacy. She would return to her own mate for a different kind of bonding.
~~~ >< ~~~
After watching the Mannings take off in their compact tri-colored spacecraft, the animal they called Mamba turned to her long-horned mate with glistening eyes. She had understood everything Elexander and Juna said since the first month they arrived on Hekima (HEH-kee-MAH), the real name of this planet. 
All the Hekimans understood Earth English by now since it only took them roughly thirty days to learn any new language they were exposed to. And Mamba, or rather Tuhfa (too-FAH) as she was called by her own people, had made sure of that exposure by speaking it often in their meeting places.
“I am sad to see our Earth friends leaving. They were very kind to us,” Tuhfa said in her native tongue. 
The gray male buck called Sudi (soo-Dee) inched closer to her on the grassy hill. “Yes, they were kind.” He offered her the comfort of his forequarter as he brushed it ever so softly up against hers. “Perhaps they will return again one day as promised. They seemed honorable enough to do so.”
Tuhfa shook her head remorsefully and settled down upon all fours. A tear fell out of her right eye and lodged in the thick fur underneath. “Sadly, the ones called Elexander and Juna will not be able to keep that promise, no matter how honorable they are. They will never return to Hekima, but their seed will. One day he will even bring his wife with him. They will also conceive their first child here.”
Settling down on all fours as well, Sudi looked at his intuitive mate with wonder. Like countless others, he deemed Tuhfa as one of the wise among their people. Many listened to her and heeded her advice. Surely, the humans would have, too, if only she’d presented them with what she knew.
“If you knew this, Tuhfa, why did you not tell them?” Sudi asked, addressing the issues upon his heart. “They spoke so joyfully about returning. I am sure if they knew ahead of time what lies before them, they would do what they could to remove the barriers that stand between them and us.” 
“For one, our laws dictate that we do not risk exposure of our true nature to those who are not ready,” Tuhfa replied.
“Elexander and Juna seemed most ready to me,” the white-rumped male persisted, ready to break even that law in order to help out their good friends.
“Perhaps they were, but the others to whom they communicate with are not. In fact, based on a conversation that I overheard our Earth friends discussing concerning a talking donkey[i] in their holy book, I gathered that their species as a whole is not ready for talking animals just yet. But their son will be and he will be told our planet’s true name and the true nature of our species,” Tuhfa said, speaking assuredly about things that just seemed to come to her at times. Things that kept her included in all high-council meetings for the wisdom she possessed.  
“Though I find comfort in that last part, still…” 
“No stills, dear mate,” Tuhfa interrupted gently. “The fates of Elexander and Juna are in the hands of the Creator.[ii] Besides, telling them what I know would not have changed their destinies. It would have only prolonged the inevitable but for a few years and with widespread devastation for several planets. However, I have great peace that our Earth friends are both ready for the next phase in the circle of life.” 
“So Elexander and Juna will eventually find tranquility then?” Sudi inquired, needing reassurance about their friends. Despite the fact that he had not been as close to them as his mate, he had still been very fond of the kind Earth couple. The fact that they’d assisted Tuhfa through a difficult birth a few months ago endeared the male buck to them forever. Sudi wished only good to come to them.
“Yes, they will eventually find the purest tranquility of all. But a time of pain and suffering will precede that tranquility.” Tuhfa allowed more tears to fall from her eyes. Soon the fur around her face and neck would be soaked through and through.
Not wanting her Earth friends to suffer at all, yet knowing that it was not in her power to stop it, Tuhfa could at least take comfort in the fact that the Mannings’ time of pain and suffering was made that much shorter by her not telling them what she knew. She also took comfort in the fact that one of her very own children would grow up with the Earth couple’s child. Together their offspring would fulfill their destinies and change the futures of not just two planets, but several others in the process.
________________________________________
[i]  Numbers 22:21-28
[ii]  Ecclesiastes 9:1



Chapter 2 
2168 – May
With barely enough light to see, Elexander sat at the controls, trying once again to reverse the latest damage to the ship’s computer. A month upon leaving Nico-1, the mainframe on the ship started to go haywire. Some type of computer virus had attacked it, causing all kinds of things to go terribly wrong. The navigation barely worked some days and they’d had to rig the system in order to maintain the most important functions such as life support systems and fuel tracking.  
Though Elexander had traced the virus’s origin to the last satellite transmission they received from Earth, it had been hard for him to believe that someone at H-NASA had deliberately sabotaged their return home. Yet all the evidence was there. How else could a rare Earth computer virus have gotten on board a perfectly healthy mainframe all the way in another galaxy? 
Based on the above data, the Mannings deduced that whoever was responsible for this calamity was masterful in computer programming. That person had not only made the virus adaptable, he’d made sure that it stayed well-hidden in the system until exactly one month from their Nico-1 departure. In short, their enemy had wanted to make sure that the Mannings were well into space before the trouble started. Too far away from Nico-1 to return without proper navigation. Too far away from M31’s exit point to be thrust close enough for them to receive help from Earth.
The Mannings had their theories about who their enemy was and how that person may have slipped past Dr. Badru Karson, whom they still trusted. Nevertheless, Elexander advocated that they could not allow themselves to waste precious time thinking about it. Nor could they waste time on bitter thoughts. 
Right now the most prevalent thing to do was to find another habitable planet nearby, land on it long enough to permanently fix this computer problem and then get back to Nico-1. That had to be their top priority.
Trying to get back to Earth was becoming less of an option with each passing day. After this act of treason, the Mannings did not trust the ship to get them back to their home planet safely. Nor did they trust the people at the command center anymore. 
“What’s the latest on Planet X?” Elexander asked his wife, who was busy working at her own computer station. 
Despite the fact that she was six months pregnant and had been battling morning sickness for three of those months, Juna had been actively by her husband’s side day and night. She was trying to do her part to help them out of this very serious situation to the point that Elexander often had to make her go back to bed at times, even when it was his turn to sleep. It pained him to see dark circles forming under her beautiful eyes. 
Fortunately, Juna’s efforts had paid off. She’d found a southeastern planet that they named X for the time being, which looked to be habitable. They could only pray that it was, because once they landed, they were stuck there until they fixed the ship.
“The atmosphere looks thicker than ours and the dirt looks more brown than green, but my gut tells me that it’s the most habitable planet we’re going to find around here. Especially with the amount of fuel that we still have.” Juna stated the facts with more bravado than she felt right now. 
Though she was usually very optimistic, the last three months had chipped away at her courage bit by bit. These days Juna found herself wrestling with fear on a regular basis. She was scared for herself, for her husband, and most of all for their baby. Yet because of their child, she would fight through her fears and do her best to deliver him or her healthy and strong on whatever planet they landed on. 
For her child, Juna would also extend forgiveness by faith towards the person that betrayed them. A person that she now wished she’d never met.
Seeing how brave his wife was still trying to be after months of uncertainty and with even more uncertainty before them, Elexander summoned a reassuring smile. “I’ve always trusted your gut before, so Planet X is where we’ll land. In the meantime, I want you to go to the mid-deck and try to get some rest.” 
Juna adamantly shook her head. “No, I’m staying right where I belong - by your side, Elexander.” Her jaw was set in a stubborn line as she said that. 
Elexander had never loved her more than at this moment. Juna had looked the same way when the director at the space center mentioned that she could refuse this mission if she wanted to and allow another astronaut to take her place. Not only did she insist on accompanying her husband to Nico-1 as planned, Juna argued that the astronaut they’d chosen to replace her needed to stay on Earth with his pregnant wife, who was prone to miscarriages. That alternative astronaut had been Badru, the Mannings’ dearest friend and most trusted colleague.
Elexander nodded his consent of his wife’s words with a huge loving grin. “In case I haven’t told you in the last hour, I love you very much.” He reached over and patted her round belly, before adding, “You and our baby.”
Juna smiled wide, as well, and felt tons better inside. “We love you, too, Elexander.” Then she watched as her husband proceeded to chart a course for Planet X. Their hope was to get close enough so that their landing could be assisted by the downward pull of the planet’s gravity. 
~~~ >< ~~~
Everything was going fine until the Mannings actually got into the lower realms of the planet’s atmosphere. That’s when they discovered why so much brown could be seen from space. 
Planet X was a mountainous planet. There were very few level plains. Only deep valleys and a few smooth mountain tops offered any significant clearings for landing. Yet if the Mannings landed on the mountains, how would they descend it? Especially with a pregnant woman on board.
Elexander knew that his only choice was to land the shuttle in a valley. But which one? There were so many and they were all surrounded by ferocious looking rock formations. With dread, he realized that having a safe landing on this planet might prove to be next to impossible.
With time rapidly running out for any kind of landing, Elexander followed his own gut this time and picked the third valley on the left. Yet he had to circle the mountain closest to it one more time in order to do what needed to be done concerning his wife and child.
“Get to the mid-deck, Juna!” Elexander ordered, speaking sharply to her for the first time in his life. His right hand swiftly pressed a button that would release a lone satellite pod destined for Earth’s coordinates. That pod contained some very important information that needed to make it back to Earth even if they didn’t. Elexander would just have to trust God that the pod made it into the right hands once it landed.
Juna looked at her husband with wide eyes. Yes, she was shocked by his sharp tone, but she was more shocked by the expression on his face. There was no fear, no anxiety, only a quiet resolution upon his features. 
Then it hit her! Like their risen Lord, Elexander was preparing to give his life for theirs, even if it meant sure death for him.[i] 
Like Elexander, Juna knew that they might not survive this landing. The best chance for any of them was in the mid-deck, yet someone had to stay upfront and land the shuttle. Elexander had obviously already decided that that someone would be him.
“No!” Juna suddenly wailed. “I want to be with you, baby. Please don’t make me leave you.” Please don’t leave me, her heart lamented, grieving her husband already as more realization sunk in.
“Juna, please,” Elexander said more softly, anguish accenting his every word. “Do it for our baby. He must live.”
He? Juna mused, noting how Elexander had identified the gender of their child with such certainty. It was as if his ebony eyes had suddenly developed x-ray vision, enabling him to clearly see into her womb.
Deciding to obey her husband for the sake of their child, Juna reluctantly unbuckled herself from her seat and quickly thrust her face towards his left cheek. “I’ll love you forever, Elexander,” she whispered, before planting the briefest of kisses upon his face. She knew that time was of the essence. She had to get to the mid-deck. Quickly!
“All my love forever, as well!” Elexander shouted over his shoulder, not daring to look away from the controls for one second, even though he desperately wanted to gaze upon his wife at least one more time before the inevitable occurred. Yet every second counted now. However, Elexander did use whatever time he had left to pray. There was always time for that. 
Soaring quickly, despite the fact that she was perturbing the microgravity environment around her, Juna barely made it to the mid-deck before she felt the shuttle slam down upon the ground and immediately go into a skid. Maintaining a fetal position in order to protect the child in her womb, she closed her eyes and fervently prayed as her whole life changed forever.
~~~ >< ~~~
“Oh my! Did you see that?” Noam asked her husband, pausing from their afternoon stroll in the valley.
“Yes, I did,” Ezra replied. He’d seen the foreign aircraft shoot from around the mountain and crash several feet up ahead just like his wife had. “Come, sweetness. Let us go see if we can be of assistance to our visitors. I had a feeling that today’s walk would be an eventful one,” he added, pressing a button on his wrist bracelet and typing in coordinates for ten kilometers straight ahead. 
________________________________________
[i]  Ephesians 5:25 



Chapter 3 
Juna regained consciousness to the smell of burning metal, the crackling of small fires to her left and right, and to the sight of a violet-skinned little person standing over her. This barely 4’ft tall person had to be female based on all the curves upon her small frame. 
Another little person, this one definitely male and more maroon in color, was standing over Elexander. They were both speaking a strange language to the Mannings. A language that sounded a lot like Earth’s Hebrew, though certain parts of the vernacular were very different.
So glad to see that her husband was still alive, even if his breathing was more rapid than usual, Juna tried to speak to him. However, she, too, found that she could barely catch her breath. 
“Elex…” Juna panted out, trying to get his attention as sharp pains began to shoot through her lower abdomen. 
At the sound of his wife’s voice, Elexander forced his bloodied face to the side. His head felt so heavy and he didn’t dare try to use up his energy reserves by speaking. Yet his eyes poured out love for her. Elexander also silently willed his wife to remain quiet, as well, for her and their child’s own good due to the unfamiliar climate they were in.  
Even though the air was undoubtedly some of the cleanest the Mannings had inhaled since Nico-1, the fact that they’d been thrust into this environment without adequate acclimatization made their breathing accelerate in order to properly oxygenate their bodies. Couple that with their severe injuries from the crash and the Mannings were both in dire physical situations. Worse, it appeared that Juna was now going into premature labor.
Fortunately, the little couple seemed to realize exactly what was going and immediately prepared to help Juna give birth. Unable to move anything below the neck of his mangled body, Elexander watched in silent awe as his wife brought forth their child. A male child.
A son! I knew it was a boy. Elexander rejoiced on the inside, despite the pain ricocheting through his body. A bright smile rested upon his face on the outside, though it grew dimmer as his heartbeat and breathing began to slow.
Elexander felt so many things in this moment, but the most prevalent feeling of all was peace. Peace like the kind he felt when he gave his life to Christ at the altar all those years ago. For now, Elexander was just so grateful that he’d survived the crash long enough to see his child be born. 
And what a child it was, too. The boy’s lungs sounded strong, his color was good, and he was well-formed. Obviously the Nico-1 water that Juna had been consuming in small portions over the last three months had strengthened the child’s immune system just as they thought it would.
Thank You, Lord, Elexander prayed as the peace that surpasses all understanding[i] enveloped him more fully this time. 
Suddenly he had feeling in his lower limbs again, except these limbs were not those of the flesh. They were his spirit legs, which had been liberated from the natural ones. Oh what freedom!
Juna, you won’t believe how good I feel right now! Elexander said excitedly, unaware that his voice could not be heard with her natural ears. Nor could Juna yet see him in his spirit form.
Just then, the alien couple paused and turned to look at Elexander. Their faces were knowing. He wasn’t sure if they had heard him, but he was definitely sure they could see him. Why else would they both be smiling and nodding at him with approval. But approval of what?
Suddenly Elexander glanced back at his wife. Now that her labor was over, she, too, seemed ready to slip out of her natural body. In fact, he could see her teetering between the two worlds. Yet for some reason, Juna would not allow herself to crossover until she had been understood by the little couple. Elexander could hear her potent words echoing in his soul now.
“Please take care of our baby,” Juna commissioned the violet woman, after witnessing Elexander take his last breath and close his eyes with a satisfied smile. Her voice was strong now out of sheer willpower, despite the foreign climate, despite her injuries and the fact that she’d just given birth. 
“Xander is his name,” Juna continued, looking at and naming her now softly crying son as he lay upon her bosom. “Xander,” she repeated with emphasis, hoping and praying the little woman would catch on as she turned to stare intently at her again. Juna didn’t know how much longer she could hold onto this life when her spirit seemed so eager to go on to the next one.
“Xan…der,” Noam repeated, convinced that the woman was trying to tell her the child’s name. As the head linguist/interpreter of her planet, she was able to catch on quickly to the basic syllables of any foreign language, including this one.  
“Yes, Xander. Xander, Xander, Xan…der…” Juna continued to repeat in weak pants until her lips moved no more and her eyes closed in eternal rest. 
Suddenly the peace that surpasses all understanding enveloped her, as well. And just as suddenly, Juna could see her husband again. What a glorious sight Elexander was, too, complete with two luminous companions on either side of him. 
Angels! Juna said as she took flight from her body and went over to Elexander and the very large beings with wings. At the same time, Noam received the baby safely into her arms, causing him to immediately stop crying in this pivotal moment.
Yes, Juna, they are angels, Elexander replied with a smile, so pleased that they could communicate again as they hugged each other in the spirit. 
Still holding each other’s hands, Elexander and Juna then turned collectively to look at the little couple in their midst. They both smiled wider and then looked upwards in gratitude. A suitable set of parents had been selected to look after their son. The Mannings could leave now. All was well.
Then as Elexander and Juna were escorted heavenward[ii], the little couple talked amongst themselves. 
“They were obviously righteous ones. I am very pleased about that,” Noam said, even now in awe of the bright light that had surrounded the human couple as they ascended. As she spoke, she wrapped the slippery baby in more pieces of cloth from her garments in order to ensure his security and comfort. 
“Yes, I am pleased about that, as well. Had they not been righteous, you and I both know that darker forces would have come to retrieve them.” Ezra pressed another button on his wrist bracelet. This bracelet emitted a purple light that encompassed all three of them. 
“But what about their bodies?” Noam asked as the light transformed into a protective cocoon about them. “We cannot just leave them out here like this.” 
“We will not leave them out here for very long, sweetness. My brothers and I will be back to take care of everything. But first, I want to get you and our new son home,” Ezra explained, emphasizing the appropriate word in order for his bracelet, which was also voice activated, to transport them to their intended destination. 
“Our son,” the barren woman repeated with grateful tears in her eyes. Then before Noam could think more on how they finally had a child of their own, she and her newly expanded family were standing in the receiving room of their elaborate nine-room mountain home. 
~~~ >< ~~~
Ezra and his four brothers did return to the crash site just as the pinkish-purple sunset signaled the close of another Katanian day. While he collected all personal effects from the wreck, his brothers moved the bodies of the space voyagers. 
The personal effects would be taken to Ezra’s house and preserved as a part of Xander’s history. The dead bodies of the Mannings would be prepared for burial by fire, which was part of Katanian custom. The space shuttle itself would be sent to their laboratories for analyzing.
When everything was all set, Noam and the now sleeping babe were summoned from the house. Together they all said farewell to Xander’s birth parents.
Afterwards, Ezra thanked his brothers for their help and released them to return to the various sectors they lived in on the planet. Then he took his wife and new son home to finally begin the long awaited task of parenting.  
________________________________________
[i]  Philippians 4:7 
[ii]  Luke 16:22



Chapter 4 
2168 – November
In shock and anguish, Badru Karson clenched his head in his hands at his desk. He’d just heard the most horrible news of his life. Two of his dearest friends were dead. 
Dead!
Why else would H-NASA have gotten the satellite pod that contained the Mannings’ updated last will and testament? Why else would the Mannings not be home by now? They should have arrived on Earth at least three months ago based on how forceful the outward thrust of M31 was estimated to be on the small spacecraft. 
Something had obviously happened out there in space. But what? Everything appeared to be going so well. All the satellite messages had been received and sent. According to the Mannings’ last transmission, the ship was still functional and their health was at an all-time high. 
So what really did happen out there? Badru thought, just before one of his junior colleagues announced his presence in the room on that stormy day.
“I gather you’ve just heard about our friends?” Jay Horrell asked as he boldly entered the office of his superior without even knocking. His stride was just as arrogant as ever.
Badru inwardly bristled. Slowly, he removed his hands from his head and turned around in his swivel desk chair. Jay Horrell was no friend to the Mannings, no matter how much he pretended to be. Jay Horrell wasn’t a friend to anyone, but himself. 
“Yes, I have.” Badru chose not to comment on the other man’s insolence of entering his office without permission. 
There was no need to wonder how Jay had heard about the Mannings’ plight already. The handsome red-haired man was dating the director’s plain-faced daughter and thus was privy to all kinds of classified information. That strategic courtship also explained Jay’s continual insubordination to Badru, the head of H-NASA’s technology and communications department.
“Do you have any idea what happened to cause their demise?” Jay asked, carefully scanning the other man’s dark features. Though born in Africa, Badru was raised in America by his Kenyan mother and Native-American father.
“Not yet, do you?” Badru had to ask. He fully expected Jay to start bragging about all the classified data he knew, the way he usually did when he wanted to make Badru feel unimportant and excluded.
Jay’s grayish-blue eyes narrowed a bit. “No, why would you even ask me that?” he replied with his heartbeat thundering in his ears.
“I’m asking you what I’ll be asking everyone around here until I find out what happened to my friends.” As Badru spoke, his brilliant mind silently registered the red marks appearing in the other man’s semi-freckled cheeks. The only other times he’d ever seen Jay turn this red was whenever he was around Juna and Elexander. 
The Mannings weren’t here, so why was Jay turning colors now? Did the junior communications associate know more than he was letting on?
Jay attempted a nonchalant shrug, though his face continued to get even redder along the cheek areas. Even his neck was red now. “Oh. Well, let me know if you need my help on anything. I’d like to know what happened to the Mannings, as well. As you know, Juna and I go way back. All the way back to MIT.”
Badru nodded. He was aware of Juna and Jay’s graduation from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was also aware that they’d dated while at the prestigious school that was still putting out more astronauts than any other private educational institution on the planet. Elexander shared that bit of Juna’s history with Badru a long time ago, right after Jay got his affluent parents to pull strings to get him a position in the space program. 
Badru had forgotten about Juna and Jay’s personal history together until just now. Now that he was reminded of it, he was convinced that Jay knew way more than he was letting on. Badru was also starting to suspect that the junior associate was somehow involved in the Mannings’ demise. 
Why else would the man be offering his help? Jay never offered to help anyone unless it benefited him in some way. Furthermore, he was usually resentful if others even asked for his help. 
“You will let me know if you need my help with anything, won’t you?” Jay repeated, interrupting Badru from his deep thoughts. He’d never seen the studious man this distracted before. Well, once back in late December when the call came through that Mrs. Karson was going into labor. That day Badru had left a lot of things undone. Even Jay had been called upon to help out. 
“What?” Badru blinked rapidly to refocus his thoughts. “Oh, you were offering your help. I’ll have to get back to you on that,” he said dismissively.
“Do that,” Jay replied crisply as he turned around to leave out the way he’d come. With each step he took, he grew more certain that his name would probably be at the bottom of any list that Badru had jurisdiction over. If it ever even made it on that list.
Fortunately, I personally know someone that has more authority that anyone else around here. Jay smiled smugly as he exited the office door. He was a much calmer man when he entered the wide corridor of the space center. In fact, Jay decided to go to lunch early and treat himself to a salami and mustard sandwich on rye.
~~~ >< ~~~
Meanwhile, Badru stayed in his office and began to reminisce about his friends, particularly about his longer friendship with Elexander. Badru and Elexander had known each other since they were children. In fact, their mothers were best friends as children. The two Kenyan women never lost touch over the years and when they both eventually made it to America, they settled in the same Floridian city.
Badru was a constant presence in the Manning home and vice-versa. Badru was also present on Elexander’s most unusual first date with Juna. 
That unusual date occurred nearly twelve years ago, when Elexander and Juna were both at a spiritual and emotional low. Juna, because she suddenly found herself dissatisfied with her shallow life and hungered for more depth, more purposeful living. Elexander, because he’d finally come to the scientific conclusion that there really was a God. 
For so long Elexander had reasoned the existence of a Creator away and been satisfied with his results. Yet when he came across some very old manuscripts written by a man named Hugh Ross and some of his associates all of that changed. Elexander thoroughly studied those manuscripts from cover to cover and found that there was actually little conflict between science and the Bible when all of the evidence was properly stacked up side by side. 
Suddenly realizing that he was a sinner that needed to saved, Elexander rushed to the nearest church. Fortunately, the prayer annex of that church was open to the public all night. So distraught over his spiritual condition, Elexander failed to see the beautiful olive-skinned woman, kneeling at the other end of the altar he wept at. 
Juna was that woman. She was weeping, too. In fact, she’d just told God that if He couldn’t show her the way to more purposeful living, she was going to kill herself that very night. Juna literally refused to start another day with the life she currently had, even if it was full of every material thing a person could ever want.
At the moment of both of their deepest despairs, Elexander and Juna suddenly heard each other weeping. When their eyes met, two miraculous things occurred at once. They instantly felt the peace of God come into their bodies and they fell instantly in love. That very evening Elexander and Juna had their first date. It was at the restaurant Badru’s mother owned. Badru was their waiter and they both witnessed to him of their newfound faith, quickly winning him over, as well.
Oh, my dear friends, what adventures in faith we’ve had since then. Badru smiled, recalling many experiences where they knew that nobody but the Lord had aided them in their research endeavors. Like the time Juna, who loved reading about people’s accomplishments, ‘accidentally’ discovered how to make produce grow bigger while looking through old copies of the Guinness Book of World Records.  
Inspired by the works of an Alaskan gardener named John Evans, Juna got Elexander and Badru to assist her with a gut feeling she had. Soon all three scientists not only found a way to super-size their own produce, they also found a way to make that produce grow faster, and without using harmful chemicals. Their discoveries made them all very rich and renowned around the world.  
Badru’s smile began to fade as he realized that there would be no more such adventures with the Mannings. That knowledge deeply saddened him. I’ll find out what happened to you, dear friends. I will not rest until I do, the grieving scientist vowed.



Chapter 5 
The memorial of Elexander and Juna was a sad one, despite the fact that it was such a beautiful day outside, despite the fact that it was attended by esteemed persons from all over the world. Even a few heads of countries were present at the large cathedral. Yet the most important mourners there were Elexander’s Greek father and African mother, and Juna’s Sri Lankan father and Caucasian mother. 
The Mannings and the Harshals were clearly distraught over their losses. Especially since Elexander and Juna had been only children. Even the sizeable inheritance that had been bequeathed to them had not been enough to console these grieving parents.
Badru was not easily consoled, either. Even though he’d been left with all of the Mannings’ world-changing research, he’d much rather have his friends home; safe and sound. Not scattered somewhere along the Milky Way or wherever they’d met their untimely end.
Jay Horrell appeared extremely grief stricken today, as well. Except his grief was a convenient cloak that he’d put on for the occasion. Beneath that cloak of sadness was seething ire and jealousy.  
Even in death, the man outshines me, Jay mused hotly as everyone continued to go on and on about Elexander’s accomplishments. He ignored the fact that they were also talking fondly about Juna, as well. 
One would think the man was a saint. Jay knew better than to believe the best of Dr. Elexander Manning. A saint would have never stolen another man’s woman and married her within a year, he thought, conveniently forgetting that Juna willingly left him for Elexander.
On the other hand, Jay would never forget how happy he used to be with Juna before she took that pre-graduation trip down to Florida and changed all of their lives. Before Juna left Massachusetts, she and Jay had been a serious couple. Many thought marriage and children was surely in their future. However, by the time Juna returned to MIT, her career path and her life path had shifted dramatically.
Suddenly, Juna wanted to be more than the future trophy wife of an aspiring politician. Suddenly, she wanted to put her brilliance to work and help change the world for good as a biotechnologist and an astronaut. And just as suddenly, Juna wanted to do all those things with a man named Elexander Manning. 
Elexander Manning, Jay mused in disgust as he made room on the church pew for yet another esteemed mourner. He’d hated the man’s name from the moment Juna mentioned it. Hatred for the man behind the name came just as quickly. 
Even though Juna was extremely repentant about breaking Jay’s heart, he had been unwilling to let her go. In fact, he’d followed her to Florida after graduation and had even gotten a job at the space center in hopes of wooing her back. Yet Juna had not returned to her former beau. Instead, she’d up and married Elexander after only nine months of dating. That had caused endless pain to Jay. Each year of happiness and achievement the Mannings had after that caused deeper pain for Jay, though he hid it well. 
Meanwhile, Jay started to build up quite a name for himself by making all the right contacts. Even though his renown did not come through his brilliance or contribution to the world as Elexander’s had, Jay still continued to hope that it would impress Juna enough to return to him. Especially since he remembered how status conscious she used to be and since they’d continued to maintain a cordial relationship even after the breakup.
Unfortunately for Jay, Juna had not only evolved as a person and didn’t care about social status anymore; she’d also been selected to join her husband on a very important space mission. 
If only you’d consented to being left behind, Jay lamented, recalling how he’d secretly pulled every string he could to get Juna reassigned. But no, you couldn’t bear to be away from your husband for two years. Two measly years! His anger now burned hotly towards the woman he’d once loved with every fiber of his being. 
Thus, Juna had accompanied Elexander off the planet anyway. Jay’s only consolation was in the fact that at least he didn’t have to witness their happiness up-close and personal anymore. At least he no longer had to grin and bear it in the presence of a man he absolutely hated. Plus, the mission was such a risky one that Jay seriously doubted if they’d even survive the journey to Nico-1. He deemed that a worthy fate for the woman who’d turned his burning love for her into arctic hate.
Unfortunately for Jay, the Mannings had survived the journey. And according to the satellite messages the command center had received, the married couple had actually thrived in their new environment. On top of that, they were going to return to Earth as heroes and as soon-to-be parents. 
When word reached Jay that Juna had conceived a child on Nico-1, something within him snapped. From that point on, he plotted to do the unthinkable. 
I couldn’t allow you to return to Earth with another man’s seed nestled in your womb. Jay flaming bitterness seared his soul. Even now he was without remorse for what he’d done to the Mannings. After all, it was supposed to be him and Juna having children together. Not her and Elexander. Not Juna and any other man…ever!  
Although Jay was without remorse for his evil deeds, he was not without worry. He desperately feared being found out. Therefore, he’d been missing sleep for the past week, trying to come up with some way to keep the world from discovering what he’d done. 
Jay had his work cut out for him, because a whole team of top scientists had signed up to work around the clock to find out what had caused the Mannings’ demise. With all those brilliant minds working on the case, it was only a matter of time before the truth was revealed. 
What I need is a scapegoat, Jay thought, determined to somehow shift the blame upon someone else's shoulders. But who? He carefully scanned the large room full of mourners. When Jay's eyes finally settled upon a grief-stricken Badru Karson, he smiled within himself.   



Chapter 6 
2180 – August
Noam prepared to retire to her home after completing the last of a long month of linguistic sessions. The Katanian people believed in learning as much as possible about the universe around them and its inhabitants. As head linguist/interpreter, it had been Noam’s job to not only learn the Earth language they’d come in contact with twelve years ago, but to also teach it to others. She’d finally done it, dispersing what she’d acquired to thousands of other linguists at their annual conference. Now she could take some time off to spend with her family.
The first thing Noam was going to do when she returned home was hug her husband tightly. Tender kisses upon the neck would follow. Then she would go into her son’s sleeping chamber and hug him tightly. Oh how she missed the both of them during her absence.
Thinking of home, Noam reached down and pressed the left button on her molecular bracelet. “Home,” she said as a purple light encompassed her. 
Molecular transportation was the way Katanians traveled on their planet, especially when so far away from their intended destination as Noam was today. When their destinations were shorter, they chose to walk. The latter kept them healthy and fit. Incidentally, the molecular transporter could only transport things of the organic nature. In fact, it was made out of organic materials itself.
I wonder how much Xander has grown now, Noam mused as the molecules of her body changed from one location to the next.
“Ma-Ma!” Xander exclaimed as his mother suddenly appeared in the large receiving room of their home. He’d waited up for her.
If Noam had been a stranger, the house alarm would have rejected her molecular composition and she would have been transported to the outer gates of the settlement at Sector-44NW. If she had brought a stranger with her, the house alarm would have accepted both of them into the house based on her molecular composition alone. Such was the way of Katanian security.
“Hello, my son.” Noam stepped out of the light as it slowly faded around her. “My, you have grown even taller in my absence.” Even now she had to strain her neck to look up into his face.
Xander laughed and went to hug his mother. “Da-Da says that I may even reach six feet one day,” he replied, speaking in terms of Earth measurements. He was also speaking in the Earth tongue called English right now. He’d been practicing the language of his birth parents progressively more each day. Noam insisted upon him doing so ever since she taught it to him two years ago.
“I predict you will be over six feet. By the way, your English is excellent,” Noam said, also speaking in Earth English now. Then realizing that someone was missing, she looked around the room in expectation. “Speaking of your father, where is he?”
“In his lab. He has been back and forth there all day. He says he has a surprise for the both of us when he finally returns home to stay.” Xander released his mother and returned to the small marble shulchan (shool-khawn: table) where he was constructing a model Katanian spacecraft. Space and everything about it fascinated him.
“I wonder what he has for us this time.” Noam smiled. Her husband loved giving them surprises and they loved receiving them. 
“I do not know, but he seemed really excited about it.”
Noam smiled wider. “Now I am excited.” She went over to the aqua eres (eh-res: sofa) on the east wall and sat down. As soon as she sat on the plush middle cushion, another lush cushion slid underneath her feet and the back of the eres adjusted perfectly to her body mass. Such was the way of Katanian furniture. It was always built for comfort and durability.         
“You seem tired, too, Ma-Ma.” Xander noted her weary sigh as soon as the eres offered her its’ comfort. He propped his elbows upon two empty spaces of the round, aqua and rusted-colored shulchan.
“I am a little.”
“I will get you a beverage and something to read then.” Xander stood to his feet. He liked serving his mother on the rare occasion that she allowed him to do so. 
On Katan, children were never expected to see to their parents’ needs unless the parent was old or sickly. Noam was neither, but that didn’t stop Xander from trying to cater to her as often as he could anyway.
“You do not have to that, son. I can get those things for myself.” Noam moved to get up. “I will also get you a beverage, as well.” Then seeing a disappointed look creep upon Xander’s face, she paused and sat back down. “On second thought, I will be honored to have you serve me, son.”
Xander smiled wide now. “Yes.” Then in order to compromise with his benevolent mother, he added, “Perhaps you will take pleasure in reading out loud to me instead.”
Noam nodded. “Very well. I wish to read out of your birth parents’ holy book. I trust you know where to find it?” She’d never read to him out of that book before, though she’d read it many times herself.
“Yes, I do,” Xander replied. His was very familiar with the storage room that contained all of the personal effects of his birth parents. Personal affects which had been analyzed and categorized before it was finally presented to him two years ago. The Earth ship had also been analyzed thoroughly before any of its data could be released among the Katanians. 
From the personal affects he’d been presented with, Xander learned so much about his birth parents. Not just their names and faces, but also a lot about their personalities due to the digital logs that had been restored and preserved for him. There was even a log where his birth mother chronicled the miraculous way she met his father. How she loved Elexander on sight and how that love grew deeper with each year. 
Xander’s birth mother also left a digital log of the first time she felt him move within her womb. How happy she and Elexander were to actually feel their child’s presence even though they’d known he was swimming inside of her for months.
Xander’s birth father also left digital logs, but his was mostly filled with scientific things that corresponded with his handwritten journals. Scientific things that Xander’s adopted father seemed most fascinated with more and more with each passing year.
When the Earth lad had gotten two cylinder-shaped beverages and his birth parents’ holy book, he returned to the receiving room. Sitting beside Noam on the family-sized eres, Xander proceeded to listen as his mother read from the gold-trimmed pages of the slightly charred black leather book.
Like all Katanians, Noam knew how powerful words[i] were. In fact, the Katanians had the innate ability to see just how words affected a person’s anatomy via light patterns produced from those words. Although they could not see how words affected their own bodies, they could feel the effects of those words, which was one of the reasons they were so conscientious with their speech and that of others. 
However, as Noam read aloud from a section of the book entitled Psalm 32, she began to note something extraordinary happening. The words she spoke didn’t produce any of the regular light that Katanians were used to seeing on a daily basis. These words produced a glorious bright light, the same dazzling light that always surrounded the angelic beings that visited their planet on special assignment.[ii] 
Even though Noam had read this book countless times, she had not read it aloud. Now she wished she had for its glorious words were actually planting seeds of bright light into the heart of her son.[iii] 
Noam could literally see the light going into Xander’s ears and lodging in his heart, producing an emerald green of faith there. She could also see the light changing him even more on the inside as certain parts of it began to travel in all directions of his body. As it traveled up to the child’s brain, Noam saw the blue color of peace burst forth in Xander’s head like a fireworks display on their annual mid-year holiday. 
“Oh my!” Noam exclaimed as she leaped up from the eres, inadvertently causing the holy book to fall to the aqua-colored marble floor below. She didn’t know whether to run from the room screaming or fall to her knees in tears.
________________________________________
[i]  Proverbs 18:21
[ii]  Acts 12:7
[iii]  Psalm 97:11 (the Message Bible); Romans 10:17



Chapter 7 
Seeing his mother jump up, Xander jumped up, too. “What is the matter, Ma-Ma?!” He’d never seen her look so alarmed in his life. She was actually turning pale violet now. Tears were streaming down her cheeks and her hands were shaking like leaves in the wind.
“I…this book…it has the light of the Creator in it,” Noam stammered out, quickly falling to her knees to retrieve this wonderful holy book with all its hidden treasures.
“The Creator?” Xander’s ebony eyes grew wide. He’d heard much about the Creator of the universe and found the whole subject intriguing. In fact, right before his mother stopped reading, he was actually starting to believe in the Creator’s ability to lead and guide him in the way he should go.[i] 
Those spoken words had produced so much faith and peace within Xander, who had wrestled daily with his decision to one day venture into the unknowns of space. Especially after what happened to his birth parents.
“Yes, the Creator.” Noam stood to her feet with the precious book clenched tightly to her chest. “I must contact your father immediately and tell him of this wondrous discovery.” She headed to the visual communicator on the west wall. “Imagine being able to have the light of the Creator inside of you, not just around you.” 
Noam had no sooner connected with her husband when she was confronted with even more wonders to behold. “Sweetness, I have wonderful news!” Ezra proclaimed, bubbling over with the joy of his own latest discovery. 
Thanks to the thorough notes that Elexander maintained about a planet he called Nico-1, fertile water had now been found for women like Noam who had trouble conceiving. Therefore, a Katanian baby boom was surely on the way! In fact, Ezra predicted that his own wife would be pregnant within a month. At least that is what happened to the other barren women in the month long study he’d been secretly working on.
“I have wonderful news, as well!” Noam said excitedly, though she wasn’t even sure how to put her news into words. Quickly realizing that her news probably needed to be demonstrated in person, she added, “Are you able to come home now?” 
“Yes, gladly,” Ezra replied eagerly. “But let me share my news right now, lest I burst with excitement.” 
Then he began to tell her how he used the coordinates the Earth scientist had documented to personally travel to a place where fertile water was said to be found. How he met a friendly female buck named Tuhfa on this planet, who not only seemed to be expecting him, but who also claimed to have known Xander’s birth parents. 
This same remarkable female, who surprisingly spoke Earth English, as well, insisted that one of her offspring was destined to grow up with the Earth child. That offspring was a newly born, brown and gray male buck named Nasiir (NAH-sir).
“This Tuhfa knew my birth parents?” Xander eased closer to the communicator where his adopted parents talked face to face.
“Yes,” Ezra replied. “And according to her, they were very kind people, too.”
Xander smiled. He liked that his birth parents were so well thought of even on another planet. His adopted father had often raved about how brilliant Elexander was based on the deep treasures of research that had been left behind. 
“This male child of hers. Where is he? Can he talk, as well?” Xander had so many questions. Each one leading to several more.
“Yes, he can talk and I will bring him home tomorrow,” Ezra said, still trying to get to the main point of his disclosure. “But first I must tell your mother one more thing.”
“And that is…?” Noam prompted. Her blue eyes were already filling with tears for she knew what would come next. She’d known from the moment she heard Ezra mention this miraculous water, which is why she’d been so quiet for the last few minutes. 
“That your days of being barren are over, sweetness,” Ezra finished with a wide grin before pressing his wrist bracelet. Within three seconds he was home to hold his happily crying wife in his arms. There would be no walking home from his lab tonight.  
~~~ >< ~~~
Later that night, Xander felt a strong unction to read his birth parents’ holy book for himself. Not knowing where to start, he opened it in the middle and began to flip through the pages. Several things stood out, but nothing really intrigued Xander until he came across pages with red lettering on them.
Curious as to why these pages were so different from the rest, he stayed up most of the night reading in mittah (mit-taw: bed). He didn’t stop until he reached the end of a fascinating section appropriately entitled Revelations.
This is better than any book I have ever read. Xander was especially fond of the battle scenes at the end of the holy book. To read about angels fighting and prevailing against an evil dragon and his wicked host[ii] was pure excitement for the adventure-loving twelve-year-old. 
Xander liked angels. He had ever since his adopted parents told him a bounty of good things about such beings.
Flipping back to another fascinating section that he bookmarked earlier, Xander reread the text silently. According to this particular section, he could qualify to be on the side of good simply by believing in a risen Savior named Jesus Christ.[iii] 
That was easy. Xander had believed in this Jesus from the moment he read about the angels worshipping God at His birth.[iv] Then when he read about the Creator proclaiming that angels should worship that first begotten son[v], his faith had increased.
Furthermore, Xander had heard enough about angels to know that they only worshipped the Creator in whatever form He chose to be in. Therefore, this Jesus had to be who He claimed to be. As a result, Xander willingly bowed his head in surrender to this truth. Then he used his mouth to confess his heart’s belief. Soon that confession was made unto soul salvation.[vi]
Suddenly, Xander’s spiritual eyes and ears were open. He could actually see and hear a host of angels praising God on account of him. They seemed joyful about what he’d just done.[vii] Ecstatic even. The light of the Creator seemed to ooze approval as it illuminated the room.
Xander continued to watch these heavenly beings in silent awe until a peaceful sleep finally claimed him. He would tell his mother of this glorious occurrence in the morning.
________________________________________
[i]  Psalm 32:8
[ii]  Revelation 12:7; 20:1-3
[iii]  Romans 10:9
[iv]  Luke 2:13-15
[v]  Hebrews 1:6
[vi]  Romans 10:10
[vii]  Luke 15:10



Chapter 8 
2187 – April
“Xander, please hurry. You must not be late for your lessons,” Noam told her oldest son as she paused in the wide corridor near his sleeping chamber. 
Her other three children had already risen, broken the fast with their parents, and gotten out to school. Even Nasiir had already left for his lessons. And he usually took forever to finish his morning meal since he had to go all the way to the valley in order to graze.
“Ma-Ma, when will you stop treating me as if I am one of the younglings?” replied the olive-skinned young man. Xander sat lacing up his sandals on the side of his large purple mittah. 
“When you learn to come away from your experiments and get to mittah on time,” Noam scolded, despite the fact that the beginnings of a smile was tugging at the corners of her mouth.
It had always been hard for her to scold Xander about anything. Especially since he’d been so well-behaved as a child. As a young adult he was still highly cooperative. Noam and Ezra’s only cause for concern was Xander’s taste in women. 
Xander seemed to be attracted to women with the three B’s – beauty, brains, and boldness. That wasn’t a bad combination by any means. It’s just that sometimes that mixture came in arrogant packages. The latest arrogant package was a sultry Katanian female by the name of Roni. 
“I must admit my experiments do consume me at times.” Xander grinned as he stood to his feet. If he wasn’t conducting space experiments, it was those of the medical nature since both fascinated him these days. “But from what I have been told, such things are in my lineage. Speaking of my lineage, how many more Earth languages can there be left to learn?” Xander continued as he stepped into the hallway where his mother was.
Over the last seven years the technologically advanced Katanians had studied Earth from afar via satellite uplinks and discovered even more languages upon the planet. Noam had learned all of them, as well, and taught them to many others before her retirement. However, even she didn’t know the newly discovered ones from the deep regions of Africa, a large land mass on Earth that was brimming with many different dialects. 
“There are two more based on our most recent studies. And since we do not know which ones you will absolutely need when you make your long journey to Earth, you must learn them all,” Noam replied, looking up, up, up at her son.
She was still amazed by how tall Earthlings became. For a while Noam thought Xander would never stop growing. At 6’4 in Earth measurements, he towered over all of the Katanians and even some of the aliens that dwelt among them.
“Though I am curious about my people and look forward to seeing others like me, I am very irritated by their need for so many languages. On Katan, the only people who speak different languages are the ones from another planet,” Xander said. Inwardly, he wished he was as quick to assimilate languages as his best friend. Nasiir’s people, the Hekimans, need only be exposed to a language for a month in order to understand and speak it fluently.
Noam shook her head thoughtfully. “Such is a strange thing. Especially since their whole planet used to be of one language and of one speech.[i] Perhaps their holy book will reunite them again.” 
“Perhaps, Ma-Ma.” Xander bent down to plant a kiss upon his mother’s nearly wrinkle-free forehead. Then he proceeded down the hallway towards the front exit.  
“Take a fruit with you!” a smiling Noam shouted after her son. She didn’t want him to go too long without breaking the fast from last night’s slumber.
Warmed by her concern, Xander paused by a pillar near the front door. “Yes, Ma-Ma!” he shouted in reply as he obediently grabbed a blue fruit from the figure-eight-shaped bowl atop of the marble column.
Although Noam was only his adopted mother, she was always looking out for his best interest and Xander loved her for it. Not once in all of his years had she ever made him feel as if he was an outcast. Not even when she was finally able to birth children of her own – his three younger siblings.
As a whole the Katanians were welcoming people, which was why so many alien species chose to dwell among them. The Katanians were also very discerning people and could easily pick up on the mental and spiritual processes of those around them. Yet despite their heightened sense of discernment, they could not see the deceased. At least not in the regular sense. Yes, they could see the colors of a dead person’s essence, but they could not see any distinguishable features once that person transferred over to the spirit realm.
The Katanians also could not communicate with the dead. Though they could sense the emotions of souls waiting to be picked up, no words could be heard. However, the Katanians could clearly see angelic beings. In fact, they enjoyed seeing them, especially when the angels descended to a standing position and gracefully let down their wings.[ii] 
Sadly, there was another side to that coin. The Katanians could also see non-angelic beings. Beings of a darker, menacing persuasion. Beings who came without fail to retrieve the souls of the wicked at their appointed times of death.
From a child, Xander was taught to be just as discerning as the Katanians. Though it took him a while since he was not born with heightened awareness of the unseen like the people around him, he nevertheless mastered the art of discernment as much as any Earthling could. 
How? 
By daily exercising his senses to discern both good and evil.[iii]
Xander would rely on that ability and so much more when he made a most important trip to Earth next year. His best friend Nasiir would also take that journey with him as SSS - strategic security specialist. 
In the role of SSS, Nasiir would be responsible for many things. Some of those things would include him planning all of Xander’s outings ahead of time in order to minimize personal risks, conducting location searches, and protecting Xander against any threat, veiled or otherwise. A worthier helper could not have been picked since Nasiir was known for his courage on two planets.
Another addition on this Earth trip would be the original holy book that belonged to the Mannings. Not only did this manuscript make Xander’s ability to discern that much easier due to his careful study of it, the few Katanians that knew about the holy book deemed its return to Earth critical. If it were them, they would not want to be without such a treasure for one day, much less nearly twenty years. 
Noam, in particular, hoped and prayed that Earth wouldn’t fall completely apart without it. Studies from afar have shown that the planet was currently in dire straits. She naturally assumed that it was because their holy book had been missing for so many years. 
Speaking of Noam, although she did not look forward to her eldest child or his holy book leaving Katan, she was comforted by two things. First of all, Xander would have a new and improved Katanian transporter with him. This way, he could return to Katan with just the press of a button from any location within the two galaxies that contained Earth and Katan. 
However, the molecular transporter could still only transport things of the organic nature. This meant that if Xander was going to bring any metal or synthetic items with him, he’d have to use the specially designed spacecraft that was currently still in production.
The second reason Noam could find comfort in her son leaving was the fact that she now had a copy of his holy book for herself. In fact, she’d carefully and meticulously hand-copied it page by page in order to have the Creator’s words as a continual presence in her life. 
Noam could have simply scanned the book into their home’s mainframe computer like she did other reading materials. Yet since she hadn’t been sure if that was sacrilegious or not, she didn’t embark upon such a task.
These days, Noam was working on making even more handwritten copies of Xander’s holy book. This was necessary as more spiritual leaders were becoming aware of its existence. Before she had peace about transcribing the glorious manuscript, leaders from sectors all over their world used to make appointments to come view the holy book at her home. Until Noam found other conscientious people to help her transcribe more, she would continue her labor of love alone.   
~~~ >< ~~~
Seeing Xander, Nasiir trotted over to his best friend during noon break at the academy they both attended. In order to gain a level of privacy from the other students walking to and fro nearby, he spoke in a language that few lay Katanians knew – the tongue of the Hekimans. 
“I am glad to see that you have finally gotten over Roni. You have not even grimaced once, even though she is openly flirting with nearly every male here in order to make you jealous,” Nasiir said as he and Xander proceeded to walk towards the upper level of the courtyard.
Xander shook his head. “On the contrary, my friend. Roni is flirting with nearly every male here because she knows that I still care for her, even after five months of separation.” 
Now at a wide bench carved from stone, Xander sat down while Nasiir went down on all fours beside him. Both males turned to look at the flirtatious female with the light burgundy skin and long flowing pink hair on the lower courtyard. 
Roni was built in many ways like a human. She had two arms, two legs, and the same reproductive organs. Her curves were naturally voluptuous, which was a trademark of all Katanian women. Likewise, their men were naturally muscular.
However, there were some very clear differences between humans and Katanians. Katanians were all short in stature, had twelve toes, and their hair (which could be any color of the rainbow like their eyes) was thick-stranded like thin rope. Katanian skin tones ranged from light violet to deep maroon. Newborn Katanians were all pink after going full term in the womb a total of six months. 
Roni, like most Katanians and their foreign friends, wore colorful lightweight clothing since the temperature was always so warm and dry here. She also wore sandals on her feet for the same reason. Though she was not of either of their species, Xander and Nasiir could clearly see that she was one of the beauties among her people. Unfortunately, Roni knew that, as well, and thus was very prideful at times.
Xander dragged his eyes away from his college crush - a term he borrowed from one of his birth mother’s journals to describe a person one fell in love with during the higher learning years. He couldn’t bear to watch her flirt any longer. Especially with a male that she could mate with.
“How much do you still care for her after all this time?” Nasiir asked, also looking away now.
“Enough for my essence to be vivid red with passion and anger now. Sour green with envy,” Xander replied, revealing the colors that Roni was no doubt seeing upon him now. “But Roni and I both know that nothing could ever become of our feelings. She is of Katanian blood and everyone knows that Katanians cannot cross-breed with other species.” 
Even now Xander remembered how he and Roni both hoped against hope that Earthlings would be the exception to that cross-breeding rule. However, after they were tested, it was revealed that the mixing of their body chemistries would abort any child they tried to have and cause immune system breakdown for Roni over time. 
Xander could not allow such a thing to happen to her. Thus, he’d broken things off before the relationship got even more serious.
Nasiir nodded at Xander’s words. He understood his friend’s romantic frustration. He had a few similar frustrations of his own. The major one concerned his beloved Pendo (PEHN-doh). 
On the last visit to his home planet, Nasiir discovered that Pendo had been slated to mate with another. Her father had made the arrangements against her will for fear that Nasiir would ask his daughter to leave Hekima one day. After all, the rambunctious young buck hadn’t even been raised on their home planet. He’d only been a thrice-a-week visitor from the day he was born until now. 
Nasiir had thought to engage Pendo’s father and her intended mate in a battle of the horns. Yet he refrained for two reasons. First of all, Xander had accompanied him on that visit and had physically restrained him. Secondly, Nasiir’s wise mother mentally restrained him by revealing that Pendo would indeed be his one day. But only after Nasiir accomplished a very important mission with his best friend in destiny. A mission that would completely transform one planet and positively affect several more.    
Pushing thoughts of home aside, Nasiir concentrated on Xander’s dilemma instead. “You are well versed in medicine. Perhaps you can concoct something that will enable Earthlings to cross-breed with Katanians after all.” 
“I have thought of that countless times, but the research alone would take many years to even compile. I could be an old man by then and Roni would have surely grown weary of waiting for me.” Xander shook his head again. “No, I have decided that the best thing for me to do is to just find my future mate on Earth while we are there.”
“So has that also become a part of our mission?” Nasiir asked. So far he only knew of two objectives for their journey to Earth. The first was to deliver the Mannings’ last research and their holy book to the proper authorities. The second was to inform those same authorities where more habitable land could be found in case there was still a dire land shortage on Earth. However, Nasiir’s primary function as SSS was to keep Xander safe. 
“Finding me a mate is not a part of our official mission, but it has become a part of my personal mission,” Xander replied, unaware that the color of his essence had just changed from red and green to a peaceful blue now that the marriage issue was finally settled in his heart.
Unfortunately for Roni, she saw the changing of Xander’s essence and knew exactly what it meant. His heart is finally prepared to move on; she lamented silently as she turned around and quickly went back inside the academy doors. She wanted to get out of sight before anyone picked up on her current emotions.
Perhaps it is best that he does go away, Roni thought as the automatic doors descended closed behind her. Her pride alone could not bear not being loved by Xander in some small way.
________________________________________
[i]  Genesis 11:1
[ii]  Ezekiel 1:24-25
[iii]  Hebrews 5:14



Chapter 9 
2188 – May
“No. That will not do at all. Try again.” Xander shook his head at the latest shape that Nasiir changed into. 
Though they had landed safely in an Earth swamp without being detected last night, they could not leave the spacecraft until Nasiir was ready. Ready, as in bearing the right Earth form. 
“This is the tenth shape since we landed, Xander. What exactly are you looking for?” Nasiir asked, growing irritated with the rejections he’d received thus far. 
Thanks to the new Katanian technology that he helped Ezra and a team of other scientists create, Nasiir could shape-shift from one animal to another. Five of the ten shapes he’d tried so far included a lion, elephant, bear, hippo, and a crocodile. Yet Xander had disapproved of them all.
“Think, Nasiir. According to our studies, Earthlings do not walk around on the streets with those kinds of animals. If they did, you could have stayed in your original form,” Xander explained from his blue, circular-back kicce (kis-say: chair). 
“But I liked those big Earth animals,” Nasiir complained, stomping his crocodile foot upon the marble floor of the ship’s control center. He ran his tongue over the transformation device implanted in his rear tooth, which enabled him to change back to his natural buck form at will. “Besides, all you had to change into were organic replicas of Earth garments. I had to change my entire body. And did I mention how much I really liked those big Earth animals?” Nasiir concluded.  
Xander chuckled. “Yes, you did. But we have to think smaller, my friend. More domesticated.” He rose from his seat, went over to the eastern section of the ship’s cylinder-shaped mainframe and scanned his hand over the research program. 
Nasiir followed.
“Let us see,” Xander continued, searching the data with light touches of his fingertips. Soon pictures of several domesticated Earth animals came up on the large monitor above. “Pick one.” He turned to his friend.
Nasiir frowned. All of those animals were small. Too small for his tastes. There were groups of fish, birds, cats, rabbits, and various types of mice on the monitor. The only ones with any kind of mass or weight were of the canine family. 
“I guess I will be a canine for the duration of our mission,” Nasiir decided. His eyes honed in on the one that fit his character the most. Then with a swipe of the tongue across his rear teeth, he was a brown and gray Doberman Pinscher.
Xander nodded his approval. “Very good, but why did you choose that one out of all the others?”
“For one, it is large enough for my ego’s sake. Secondly, the Doberman’s character traits suit mine almost to perfection. He is elegant in appearance, energetic, watchful, determined, alert, fearless, and loyal. I am all of those things, as well,” Nasiir said as he walked, or rather strutted, to and fro in his new shape, testing it out. He even stopped to strike a few poses.
Xander laughed from his belly at some of the vain poses. “Do not forget, proud and arrogant.” He went to pat his friend on the back. 
“Both are traits that Pendo loves about me,” Nasiir replied. His laughter sounded like a canine bark when he joined in the mirth.
“Touché,” Xander said, speaking a bit of French in his response. He, too, had loved someone with those traits. 
Roni had been confident to the point of arrogance and her extraordinary beauty often provoked her to be very prideful. Because of love, Xander had overlooked those negative traits. Never again. He wanted his next woman to be of a humble heart.
“Now come, Nasiir. Let us be off to experience the world of my birth parents,” Xander continued, pressing a button on his wristwatch-looking transporter before typing in a set of coordinates. “And remember, Earth animals reportedly do not talk.” 
In reply, Nasiir barked like the dog that he currently was. 
~~~ >< ~~~
From the moment they materialized on a lone dusty road at the edge of the nearest city, Xander and Nasiir each knew that they would have to take an injection. The atmosphere on Earth was considerably less pure and more humid than Katan’s. As a result, the newcomers would need daily injections for at least a month in order to help their lungs adjust to this new environment. 
To make matters worse, Earth’s air stank like mildew and old cabbages. What happened here? Why hadn’t these people taken better care of their planet? Didn’t they know that taking care of one’s environment was the same as taking care of one’s self? 
“Oh our poor lungs!” Xander exclaimed, quickly administering the necessary injections to his companion first and then to himself. Within five seconds, they were able to breathe normally again. Unfortunately, there was no injection for the smell. It was something they would just have to get used to. 
With his lungs able to breathe deeply again, the next words out of Xander’s mouth were, “I see why my birth parents were looking for new land.”
Once they entered the center of Eyota City, Xander and Nasiir could see other reasons the Earthlings had been searching for new places to habitat. Everywhere one looked there were throngs of people. There didn’t seem to be an empty space to walk on the sidewalks, even less places for the small compact vehicles to travel on the streets. There were no sign of trees anywhere in the city. Only buildings offered any shade. 
Since no habitable land was ever found in space and because of the Manning incident, no one had tried to venture outside of this galaxy again. Those that still wished to do so were unable to find adequate funding. Especially since many countries now spent most of their funds just trying to keep their citizens fed. The only benefit to this was the fact that these same countries now spent less time fighting each other and more time fighting hunger.
To protect themselves against further overcrowding and food shortages, the governments of Earth started enforcing strict childbirth laws. Now there were no more than two children to a family. After the second birth, the mother or the father were sterilized, usually the mother. Abortions were common for sexually active unmarried females. Parents could be jailed if their teenage daughters got pregnant, especially with all the birth control methods that existed today. Unfortunately, very little was done to curb the behavior of the males.
On Katan, the women were highly honored and there was no abortion. All life was precious there. There was also no such thing as casual or premarital sex by either gender on Katan. In fact, you were considered married from the moment of consummation. Therefore, deciding to be intimate with someone was a major decision since it always led to a lifetime commitment. Lifetime, as in there was also no such thing as divorce on Katan. Though infidelities did occur, they were very rare due to the high discernment levels. After all, one’s spouse would know instantly when you were attracted to someone else and thus take the necessary steps to discourage that attraction. 
I wonder who my future spouse will be, Xander thought as he and Nasiir made their way towards a public library for research purposes. 
While Xander pondered on his love life, Nasiir focused on business. As usual, he paid special attention to everything around him, trying to spot any possible signs of danger in advance. He was relieved to see that crime was not rampart on this part of Earth. The black and white uniformed men and women posted on every other corner of the long downtown street seemed quite capable of keeping everything and everyone in check. 
As soon as they walked through the automatic glass doors of the Eyota City Library, Xander and Nasiir were halted by a mahogany-skinned librarian at the front desk. “You cannot bring your dog inside,” gruffed out the man in the gray suit as he stood to his feet. 
Nasiir instantly growled, yet remembered to hold his tongue. He was a Doberman on this planet, and on Earth, dogs did not talk.
“At ease, my friend,” Xander said soothingly to Nasiir. Then he addressed the rude man whose black and white nametag said ‘Elmo’. “I apologize, sir. I am new in town. I did not know what the rules were concerning your public library.” 
Xander naturally assumed that the word public meant that all species could enter the facility. However, he remained quiet with his assumptions, lest they provoke the wrong types of questions, the wrong kind of attention.
“No animals of any kind are allowed inside. No food. No beverages. And definitely no loud talking are allowed inside either,” Elmo rattled off, informing the stranger of the library rules in a brisk, yet less grumpy way. After all, the young man had spoken politely to him, despite his current attitude problem. 
Elmo was upset because he was ready to go on his lunch break and his replacement was taking forever to return from his. Why couldn’t the man just eat at a restaurant in town like everyone else? Or at least bring his healthy lunch to work and consume it in the break room. No, the library’s curator had to go all the way home to dine every day. 
What was worse for Elmo was the fact he couldn’t even complain to the director about it. Not only was this particular curator extremely proficient in his work, acquiring all kinds of endowed collections for the library, the man came to work thirty minutes early everyday just to make up for the extra travel time that he spent during lunch. Furthermore, the director had given his approval of this arrangement, so there was nothing anyone could really do about it.  
“Thank you very much, sir. I will see that I adhere to all of the rules,” Xander replied. Then he took Nasiir to the side and bent down to his ear. “I am sure I will be fine here alone. Go and mingle among the Earth animals. Find out if the gift of speech truly is absent among them. We will meet back at home in two hours,” he whispered. 
Nasiir nodded in understanding. They both knew that the word home was code for spacecraft. They also both knew that Xander was well-equipped with a protective shield and undetectable weaponry, all that he was well-trained to use at a moment’s notice. 
Before Nasiir took his leave, he looked back at the librarian. Growling once more for good measure, he then turned around and walked back through the left-to-right moving doors of the library.
“Smart dog you have there. He almost looked as if he took what I said personally.” Elmo smiled, in a much better mood now that he’d seen his replacement coming up the walkway outside.
He did take it personally. Xander kept his thoughts to himself. Outwardly he simply smiled politely, nodded, and went towards the elevators. 
If Xander had only looked behind him, he would have seen one of his birth parents’ former associates hurrying up the walkway. It was Dr. Badru Karson. He was the librarian’s tardy replacement.
After being dishonored before the whole world as the one who’d sabotaged the Mannings’ flight, jobs like these were the only kind Badru could get that he remotely enjoyed. 
Though most of his former colleagues believed that any fault on his part had to be accidental concerning the Mannings’ demise, a very outspoken Jay Horrell had tried to make the rest of the world believe that it was due to incompetence. Sadly, many did align themselves with that deception and the results had been disastrous for Dr. Karson’s career. 
Upon losing his job at H-NASA, Badru and his wife Daisy, who died in an automobile accident three years ago, had lived a very low-key life. They kept to themselves and spent their funds wisely, which was crucial during the time when no one would hire Badru. 
Through it all, he and Daisy somehow managed to raise a wonderful daughter together. A daughter who went through a rough patch during her teen years, but emerged more gifted and well-grounded than before. A daughter who warned Badru only minutes ago to hurry back to the library, lest he miss the person that could clear his name forever. 
Unfortunately, Badru was held up in yet another traffic jam in the crowded city. Therefore, he missed the very person his prophetic daughter told him about. And this was in spite of the fact that the young man was in the very same building Badru worked in.
After talking to Elmo, Xander had taken the elevator and explored all the upper levels of the library in search of as much information as he could found concerning the Mannings’ mission. When he left two hours later, he used a side exit, thereby causing Badru to miss him in-house, as well.



Chapter 10 
Later that evening, Xander sat in a Katanian-designed kicce in his cabin and removed the restrictive black leather boots from his feet. How he missed the days of wearing sandals already. Yet on Earth, a person needed adequate footwear. The weather was tricky with constant fluctuations in climate and the streets stayed too littered with trash to have any part of the foot exposed.  
“How was your first day as a canine?” Xander asked his friend, determined not to focus too much on his own woes. 
“It was fine.” Nasiir settled down on all fours near the kicce. “But for some strange reason, I was highly attracted to the bit…” 
“Female dogs,” Xander quickly amended, interrupting his friend before Nasiir went any further. “I do not think Earth females of any species like to be called the B word. At least that is what I gathered when I saw a woman slap a man soundly for calling her that on the street today.”
Nasiir’s ears stood at attention at those words. “I had no idea. I will have to remember that.”
“I think we both should. As for why you were attracted to female dogs today, I do not know. You helped designed the transformation device. Do you have any theories as to why that occurred?”
Nasiir was thoughtful for a moment before speaking. “A possible explanation could be that the device not only changes me physically, it also changes me psychologically. Which means that I not only look just like the animal I am portraying, I also feel like him, hormonal urges included.” He would have to talk with Ezra about that theory during their nightly check-in with the scientists on Katan. Maybe even get Xander to run a thorough diagnostic upon him in canine form to see exactly what changes had taken place within his brain.
“Perhaps I should give you a hormonal injection to control your urges,” Xander suggested, massaging his aching feet. He would need to soak those in warm Katanian foot gel before going to sleep tonight.
“No!” Nasiir shook his head adamantly. He hated shots, needles, the whole medical shebang. Couldn’t understand how Xander found it so fascinating. 
Even though both were trained as scientists, Nasiir was the more technical one. His fascination rested in electronics and all things mechanical.
“Come on, just one little injection. I guarantee it will fix you right up,” Xander teased with raised eyebrows.
“Sure I will have one, but only if you take one, as well. I saw you staring at those Earth women today. They were more beautiful than you imagined they would be, huh?” Nasiir replied, successfully throwing the conversation off him as he returned to his natural buck form.
Xander laughed. “Yes, they were all extremely beautiful. More than a few of them deeply piqued my interest today.” He shook his head to clear some of those shapely images floating around in his mind now. “However, I think we will both be fine without an additional injection for the time being. We are taking enough injections just to breathe on this polluted planet.” Besides, Xander liked giving shots way more than he liked receiving them anyway. 
“Here, here!” Nasiir said. Then for the next few Earth hours, they compared notes before sending the data on to Katan. 
One of Xander’s observations was the fact that Earthlings had so many names that repeated. As he searched for the names of his birth parents’ associates, he marveled at the number of people with the same first and last names. There had been over three hundred Jay Horrells alone. One was even the name of the Vice President of the United States.
On Katan, the names never repeated. Thus there was no reason for a person to ever have two names. There, a first name was all that was required for people to know who you were. On Earth, even city names repeated at times. For instance, in America there was an Augusta, Georgia and an Augusta, Maine.
Some continents and states repeated names, as well. There was a North America and a South America. Xander also found a North and South Carolina, a North and South Dakota, and two new states called North and South Texas. The latter had been formed from one huge land mass seven years ago. 
On Katan, the settlements didn’t even have formal names. They were simply known by numbered sectors with compass points. 
Fortunately, Xander was able to make sense of his Earth research. He even found most of the names of those who had worked directly with Elexander and Juna Manning on the Nico-1 mission. 
As for Nasiir, he discovered that the animals of Earth really did not talk. He also discovered that canines were not always treated well on this planet. One person even tried to kick him out of the way today while he was watching a few other dogs search through some trash receptacles. It had taken everything in Nasiir to refrain from biting a plug out of the offending man’s leg.
Because of his mistreatment today, Nasiir spent a greater part of the evening trying to convince Xander of all the reasons why he should now change into a lion for the remainder of their mission. Especially since most humans and beasts alike feared that particular animal.
~~~ >< ~~~
Meanwhile, on a grassy hilltop near a mid-sized Floridian homestead, Afua Karson stood looking down upon the water lilies of the swamp below. A small breeze billowed around her, causing the bottom of her long gray skirt to flap against her legs. Yet this breeze was not the wind of change that Afua had sensed earlier. Nor was it the wind of change that she sensed now. 
In her spirit, Afua could see this life-altering wind pick up speed with each passing month. Before the year’s end, that same wind would sweep all over the United States, causing many that were high to be abased and those that were low to be elevated. With that wind would come a return of her father’s honor, an unveiling of true evil, and bounty for the whole earth once that evil had passed.
Afua also saw that all those things would not come without a price. Danger would surround her and her father even more so than before. It would increase significantly once Badru finally connected with the stranger she told him about earlier. As a result, now was a time of prayer. Much prayer.
I will increase my prayer time, starting tonight, Lord, Afua vowed as she turned to walk the short distance back to her home. 
~~~ >< ~~~
Back on the hidden spacecraft in the swamp, Xander remained awake in his cabin long after Nasiir went to sleep in the second cabin on the other side of the ship. Incidentally, Nasiir’s cabin looked remarkably like a grassy meadow. Although the Hekiman was back in his natural form now, they had finally come to a mutual agreement that he would remain in canine form while they were away from the ship. There was no telling who had seen them today and for Xander to suddenly appear with a different kind of animal at his side might stir up suspicion.
However, Xander was not thinking about any of that now. He was still thinking about all the human interaction he’d had today. Even though the first human he’d spoken with had been rude, it had still felt good to talk to him. Especially since the man had been of near equal height. Xander wished he’d had more time to converse with additional Earthlings today, but his research had called for priority.
Although Xander had loved living on Katan with his adopted parents and had been treated well by them and others, he’d still felt out of place at times. Especially since there was no one else like him on the whole planet. Even visiting species from other planets came two of a kind or they could transport back to their home planet like Nasiir did in order to socialize with others like themselves. Xander had been unable to do either. He didn’t know any other Earthlings and didn’t even know where Earth was until a few years ago. 
Now that I am here, I am going to meet as many of my people as I can, Xander vowed before sleep finally claimed him.
In the morning he’d begin his day as usual - an hour reading his holy book aloud, a thorough washing of the body, and then the breaking of the fast. After that, Xander and Nasiir would take their injections and explore even more of this intriguing planet.



Chapter 11 
2188 – June
Xander and Nasiir rose early in the morning and prepared to push their frustrations aside for yet another day. Although they did not have to take injections anymore, that was the least of their worries now. 
Not only had Xander not found a suitable life mate yet, the two males had spent the last month searching for mostly dead people. It seemed as if nearly all of the Mannings’ former associates were deceased, except for two. Those two were Jay Horrell and Badru Karson. 
Jay Horrell outright refused to see Xander. As Vice President of the United States, he deemed himself too busy to talk with some young college student about research that had been dead and buried for over twenty years. Jay seemed especially aggravated that the persistent young man had been able to get a message to him in the first place. His assistants knew better than to allow messages from insignificant people, no matter how persistent they were.
When Xander got the word of rejection through one of Jay’s assistants, he did what he should have done from the beginning. He opened his spiritual eyes and examined the red-haired man’s essence. Though that examination occurred from afar while he’d been in the audience of a MIT commencement program, it had been enough to tell Xander that this was not a man that he could have trusted anyway.
Jay’s essence had been nearly consumed with darkness. The prominent color floating around in the Vice President’s spirit went beyond black. It was the absence of all light. There was so much evil within Jay that it was a wonder the Creator had been merciful enough to allow him to live this long. 
There was also much fear within the Vice President. Xander didn’t know what this high ranking man had to be afraid of, but he’d never been more grateful not to have met a particular person before in his life.
As for Badru Karson, Xander initially wasn’t sure if he should contact him at all. Especially since Dr. Karson had been labeled an incompetent scientist by many, a traitor by some on account of him having been the Mannings’ dearest friend when they were alive. Even Xander could attest to this friendship based on the countless references to Badru in the digital logs of his birth parents. 
Yet after studying the man’s essence from afar via the window of the museum across the street from the Eyota City Library, Xander found Dr. Karson to be worthy of further consideration. He definitely found him to be the direct opposite of Jay Horrell. 
Whereas Vice President Horrell was almost full of darkness, Dr. Karson was full of a wide spectrum of colors. There was a deep crimson to denote his anger at the injustice he’d suffered in the scientific community. Yellow to denote the caution that he now viewed the world around him. Pink to denote the strength of character that he’d developed over the years through overcoming adversity. And lastly, various shades of purple, which indicated the wisdom, enlightenment, and spirituality Dr. Karson still possessed. 
Yet the color that caused Xander to finally decide to present himself to Badru was the dazzling white that shined brighter than any other. From his adopted parents, the young man had learned that that light represented the presence of the Creator, but also purity. It was at that point that Xander knew that Dr. Karson had to be innocent of the charges against him. Therefore, today would be the day they finally met.
~~~ >< ~~~
“Daddy, before you go to work today there is something I need to tell you,” Afua began as she loaded the breakfast dishes into the white, side-loading dishwasher. 
They’d had a very healthy meal of hot oatmeal and sliced fruit this morning. Though food was still scarce at times in the world, even with all the new government regulations, the Karson always had plenty. Thanks to the agricultural part of the Mannings’ research that Badru inherited, they were able to abundantly grow their own produce in the greenhouse out back.
“What is it?” Badru asked as his curiosity grew. Even though he was on the early morning shift, he still had time to listen to his daughter.
“You will finally meet that stranger today. God will not allow you to miss this man a second time,” Afua replied as she closed the side panel to the dishwasher and sat down at the round, white-topped oak table. “Be ready to hear incredible things, Daddy. Things that will seem so unbelievable at first. Yet you must believe them, especially with so much at stake now.”   
Though Badru was in his mid-fifties and had seen a lot of things in life, it still amazed him when his daughter spoke of future events with such certainty. On occasion she also got glimpses into the past. “I will believe, baby girl. Are you able to tell me how I will know this stranger from any other?”
Afua grew silent for a moment, as if listening for further direction. When she’d received what was necessary in her spirit, she replied, “He will look like someone from your past.”   
~~~ >< ~~~
As Xander and Nasiir made their way towards the library on Kennel Street on that predawn morning, they were delayed by a Native-American looking woman sitting on the white washed front porch of a small brick house. 
“Where are you headed so early today, handsome?” Lakota asked the tall man dressed in all black. “Wouldn’t you like to spend some quality time with me? I’ll cook you breakfast afterwards,” she added, trying to sweeten the offer as she crossed her shapely legs provocatively in the black plastic porch chair she sat in. 
Xander and Nasiir both turned to look at the brazen twenty-five-year-old woman in the extremely short, extremely tight red and white dress. Nasiir didn’t have to have the gift of discernment to know that this woman was not for his friend. 
Although Lakota was a beautiful creature to behold any time of day or night, her eyes looked predatory, as if she wanted to devour Xander. Nasiir could not, would not allow that to happen. He began to growl deep within his throat.
Xander picked up on the same things as his protective friend. However, he wanted to be doubly sure before he rejected the woman. After all, Jay Horrell had seemed decent and moral on the outside, but he’d been full of evil on the inside.
I praise You, Lord, for the gift of spiritual insight. Allow me to see what needs to be seen about this person, Xander prayed as he usually did when needing to stir up the gift within him.[i] 
Because he was well-versed in yielding to the opening of his spiritual eyes, Xander was soon able to see the colors of the woman’s essence. When he saw mostly black and some traces of gray, he knew what his answer would be.
“So what’ll say, handsome? You interested?” Lakota persisted.
“I am sorry, miss, but I cannot fellowship with the likes of you,” Xander replied candidly. 
Beside him, Nasiir grew silent, deciding to allow the humans to work this out among themselves. Even still he would be on guard.
Shocked, Lakota stood up from her seat, completely thrown off guard with the stranger’s blunt comment. “What?! You think you are better than me or something?” she retorted, standing akimbo style with anger. 
Nasiir growled again, ready to pounce if necessary. Ready to take the woman down, despite her gender. He’d been trained to overlook gender when it came to danger.
“Not at all. I reject your fellowship because of the evil I detect in your heart and because of the infectious disease I sense in your female parts,” Xander replied, now really shocking the woman as his potent words sunk deep down into her spirit.
Struck with terror, Lakota instinctively clenched her abdomen. She had been having trouble in her female parts lately. No doubt that trouble was caused by her licentious lifestyle. Last night alone she’d been with seven men. She’d been hoping to squeeze in one more before daybreak in order to finally have enough to make the high mortgage payment on her home. 
Despite the fact that a trip to a local doctor would solve her female problems, Lakota was afraid to go. Prostitution was illegal everywhere in the world. In the U.S., an unmarried woman with an STD could go to jail for ten years if the government got wind of her activities. And they would get wind of them since all medical facilities were federally controlled and all new cases of sexually transmitted diseases were duly reported and filed.
“Leave me alone!” Lakota practically wailed, now wanting the stranger to get as far away as possible from her. Her eyes had lost their predatory glint a long time ago. They were filled with terror now…terror of being found out.
“I will go.” Xander nodded calmly and turned to leave. He hadn’t meant to frighten the poor woman. 
Nasiir, who no longer growled, lingered a few seconds more in case the woman turned hostile again and tried to attack his friend from behind.  
Two steps away, Xander sensed the darkness inside of the woman grow in the presence of her rising fear. He abruptly turned back around, unwilling to leave without at least trying to be of some assistance. Fortunately, the gray mass of sickness had not increased with the fear in the woman’s body. 
“Before I go on my way, may I ask if you wish to be healed of these things?” Xander’s face was the picture of compassion.
“How can I be, when I can’t go to the doctors?” Hopeless tears welled up in Lakota’s eyes as she sat down in her chair again. There was no sexy pose this time. This time, she slouched and her shoulders drooped with discouragement. 
“If you have a holy book, I will show you how to be healed of the evil in your heart and of the disease that dwells within your body,” Xander replied.
“A holy book?” Lakota looked confused for a second. “Which holy book are you referring to? There are so many.”
“The one with Jesus in it.” Xander moved closer to the woman’s chain-linked fence with Nasiir at his side.
In the few months that he’d been on Earth, Xander learned that humans had many kinds of holy books. He tried to read them all. However, he kept returning to the one with Jesus in it, not just because it was the one his birth parents left him, but also because it was the one that produced the most light. Every page of the Bible seemed to be saturated with the brilliant light of the Creator. 
Xander marveled at and was saddened by the fact that Earthlings didn’t turn to the Bible more often. Especially since it would undoubtedly solve so many of their problems, if not all of them. On Katan, this holy book was revered and highly esteemed. That’s why Xander and Nasiir had been stockpiling them to take back home and distribute. They’d used gold Katanian nuggets to barter for them since earlier studies had shown that the people on Earth still greatly treasured that particular metal. 
On Katan, gold was not as precious or as scarce. In fact, it was so plentiful that it was used to align kitchen and bathroom fixtures, including toilets. Incidentally, Xander and Nasiir had catapulted the bag of gold nuggets off the ship and into a thick patch of bush through a hatch above the control room. It was necessary to do so since the metal could not get off the ship via organic transportation.   
“You’re talking about the Bible, aren’t you?” Lakota asked, sitting straighter in the chair now. She knew of this book well. Her grandmother, who finished rearing her from the age of ten when her father passed away, used to read to her from the Bible all the time. 
Nana left Lakota that large-print red cover Bible when she died five years ago. The only thing Lakota had ever been left by her birth mother was alone. She never knew the woman that had given her up at birth. 
“Yes, the Bible. Do you have one?” Xander noted a definite change in the woman’s essence over the last few minutes. The dark areas were already getting lighter in shade.
“Yes, I will have to find it though.” Lakota felt hope rise up within her. Something about this compassionate, well-spoken man made her believe that she could be healed without going to the doctors. “I’ll be right back.” Lakota stood to her feet again. Then she hurried from her porch into the brick house, practically skipping as she went, causing her tall hairdo to teeter a bit. 
“Human females are so fickle. One minute she wants you to stay. The next she wants you to leave. Now she wants you to stay again,” Nasiir said under his breath, careful not to move his dog lips or speak too loudly as to be heard.
Xander chuckled. “I know, but I find it oddly amusing.”
When Lakota returned minutes later, she seemed even lighter. In fact, Xander could sense that her essence was now changing to a warm orange with splashes of emerald green denoting her enthusiasm and rising faith. There was no doubt in his mind that the powerful words from the Bible would turn Lakota’s darkness completely into light[ii] and ultimately remove that gray mass from her body, as well. 
For the next two hours, Xander and Nasiir went from the sidewalk to Lakota’s porch for a time of unexpected fellowship. The male human patiently took the female human from one healing and salvation scripture to the next until all the darkness and the gray shades within her were gone. When Lakota threw her hands up and praised the Lord towards the end of their session, Xander saw the most amazing thing in the spirit realm. 
As Lakota praised God for forgiving her and for healing her body, the words from her mouth sparkled and glittered in happy colors as they drifted heavenward. Soon that brilliant light that Xander loved to behold actually came and inhabited the woman’s praises[iii], creating an even more powerful mix of colors. Even Nasiir was aware of the change in the spirit realm, though he could not see the light show.
So caught up in this marvelous event, Xander and Nasiir temporarily forgot about going to see Dr. Karson. Then when Lakota began to invite several of her neighbors and associates over to meet this man who’d led her to the healing Christ in the most simplistic of ways[iv], Xander and Nasiir completely forgot all about their date with destiny. 
________________________________________
[i]  2 Kings 6:14-17; 2 Timothy 1:6
[ii]  John 12:46; 1 Peter 2:9; Ephesians 5:8 
[iii]  Psalm 22:3
[iv]  John 4:6-29     



Chapter 12 
Badru knew that his daughter was usually very accurate with her prophecies. But could she have missed it this time? If not, where was this stranger who looked like someone from his past? It was almost time for Dr. Karson to get off and he still hadn’t met anyone remotely like that today. 
God will not allow you to miss this man a second time, Afua had said.
If that is the case, then I guess I should just leave this meeting up to You, huh, Lord? Badru mused, deciding to stop worrying about it once and for all. 
In the meantime, he’d use the last thirty minutes of his shift to concentrate on the newest book collection he obtained for the library. This collection included the rare first editions of every book written by the famous Edgy Inspirational author Suprina Frazier from the early 2000’s.
~~~ >< ~~~
Around 2:45 pm, Xander got a nudge on the leg from Nasiir, yet another one of their predetermined codes. The Hekiman had noticed the late hour and deemed it past time for them to leave. Xander looked down at his friend and nodded in understanding. 
Even though their new friends were reluctant for them to leave, Xander nevertheless excused Nasiir and himself from the fellowship. They had been at Lakota’s house for far too long already and thus could not stay another minute. However, Xander did make a promise to return one day when they had more time.
Lakota walked them outside of her house and down the front walkway. “When you return, I will be a much different woman than the one you saw earlier today,” she said once they made it to the sidewalk by the fence.
“You are already a different woman than the one I saw earlier,” Xander replied honestly. 
Lakota blushed, which was something she hadn’t done in a long time. “Thanks, Xander.” She waved goodbye to him and his dog. 
There is something very special about that man, Lakota thought as she watched Xander and Nasiir walk down the sidewalk. She was starting to feel something very special for that man already. 
Before Lakota had only wanted to sleep with Xander for money. Now she wanted the whole package – matrimony. But first she needed to study hard and get herself ready spirit, soul, and body to be a wife. Interestingly enough, that was a role Lakota had never wanted to assume before today.
Meanwhile, Xander and Nasiir continued to walk towards the busy intersection that led to the center of the city. Halfway there, Nasiir decided to say what was on his mind before they reached the point where the throng of people began.
“Perhaps Lakota is the one for you after all,” the Hekiman whispered in his native tongue, which sounded more animal-like than all the other languages they knew.
“Perhaps,” Xander replied in English. “She is lovely. More importantly, she is now completely free from the stains of sin and disease. Even so, my heart’s desire is to unite with a virgin. And Lakota is definitely not one of those.”
“What woman on this filthy planet is?” Nasiir replied, before becoming mute again.
~~~ >< ~~~
Badru decided to take the scenic route home this evening, if one could call driving through box-like, tree-less neighborhoods with brick, box-like houses the scenic route. Dr. Karson refused to live in one of those government designed houses or in a government controlled neighborhood. Fortunately, he still had enough money saved up to afford to live where he wanted to. 
After his wife died, Badru settled with his daughter near the Okefenokee Swamp. Together they enjoyed fishing in the swamp, canoeing along it, and trekking through its nature trails. What they caught in the swamp, they ate. 
Their modest homestead included a greenhouse, refurbished two-bedroom log cabin, and several acres of grazing land. Afua guided tours through the swamp for a living and was an active participant in their small local church.
To get to their homestead, Badru had to travel outside Eyota City and half a mile down the road until he came to a canal. At that canal, he made a left to go to the prairies. Their homestead was the fourth one on the right. Even though Badru would end up at the same destination no matter which way he went, he chose to prolong his ride home today in hopes that he’d run into this stranger Afua talked about.
Speaking of that stranger, Xander and Nasiir were two streets over at this very moment. They did not make it to the library in time to catch Dr. Karson there. However, they did see which way the man’s vehicle went as he exited the high-rise parking garage down the street from the library. 
Although Xander and Nasiir’s normal way to get around the city was by foot, they decided to use their transportation devices this time, considering the importance of this meeting. They just needed to get in a solitary place in order to use them.
“Over here, Nasiir,” Xander said, spotting an old service station with a detached restroom. There weren’t many of those still left in a crowded city that usually crammed as much as possible into one building. Therefore, this detached restroom was truly a Godsend. 
As soon as they got inside of the small building, Xander gave coordinates for an alley near the intersection three streets over. He estimated Dr. Karson would be there in the next five minutes based on distance and flow of traffic this time of the day. 
Meanwhile, Nasiir was already thinking ahead to how they would stop the scientist once they got there. 
Appearing in the alley seconds later, Xander and Nasiir were grateful that it was abandoned. They’d taken quite a chance using their transportation devices this way, but it was a risk worth taking. Especially since Xander now felt such urgency about this meeting. Urgency that he surprisingly had not felt until after his ministry at Lakota’s house was over.  
Thinking fast and moving just as quickly, Nasiir bounded ahead of Xander. Like a well-built Doberman, he moved freely, balanced and vigorously as his forequarters and hindquarters worked together to reach his destination. His back remained strong and firm. If only Pendo could see him now.
“Wide shield,” Nasiir said, before running his tongue across one of his front teeth where another device that he designed was installed. 
With the invisible shield now activated and instructed to encompass at least three feet on either side of him, the brave Hekiman bounded in front of Dr. Karson’s vehicle, which was just now coming around the corner. There was no sign of fear in Nasiir’s eyes whatsoever when the white car bore down upon him. Impact was inevitable now.
Thud!
The sound of screeching brakes soon followed as Badru brought the car to a halt just short of running the large Doberman over with the front tires. Knowing that he’d already hit the poor animal with his front bumper, he slowly got out of his car with his heart nearly in his throat. 
Badru could only praise God that he had not made it to the actual intersection yet and that no other car was behind him when he stopped so suddenly. Otherwise this accident could have been a lot worse for everybody. 
At the same time Badru made it out of his vehicle, a Greek-looking man with long black hair emerged from the alleyway and rushed to see about the animal, as well. Suddenly, Dr. Karson didn’t know what to do next.
Coming towards him was almost the exact image of his deceased best friend. If the young man had been two shades darker, Badru would have thought that he was Elexander instead of just a close look-alike.



Chapter 13 
So this is the stranger I was supposed to meet, Badru thought, staring at Elexander’s near twin, unaware that the canine lying under his bumper had gotten up unharmed from the street.
“Come, Nasiir,” Xander said to his friend, who quickly trotted over to his side.
Badru blinked several times upon hearing the familiar sound. The stranger even sounded like Elexander. “Is your last name Manning by any chance?” Badru had to ask that question. To his knowledge all of the Mannings were dead, including Elexander’s parents. 
His only comfort was in the fact that the older Mrs. Manning, his own mother’s childhood friend, died believing that he was innocent of all charges against him. That had meant a lot to Badru and his mother, who died just last year – eight years after his father expired. Unfortunately, Juna’s parents were deceased, as well. However, along with the Mannings, the Harshals had bequeathed their sizable estates to a research foundation bearing Elexander and Juna’s names. 
“I believe Manning was the surname of my birth parents.” Xander kept his voice low so as not to attract an even bigger crowd than they already had. Fortunately, the nearest uniformed officer was still a block and a half away.
Badru’s eyes bucked. “Your birth parents?!”
“Dr. Karson, is it possible that you could give me and my friend a lift to the edge of town?” Xander asked, still talking low as he moved closer to the shocked man. He would not discuss what needed to be discussed here. Not in front of so many witnesses. Allowing his eyes to dart pointedly left and right, Xander could only hope that Dr. Karson got the hint and quickly came to the same conclusion.
“How do you know my…?” Badru began. Yet he prudently allowed his words to trail off upon noticing the young man’s expressive eyes and the message contained within them. This wasn’t the place to continue their conversation. 
“Yes, I can give you a lift. It’s the least I can do for almost killing your…dog?” Dr. Karson said, becoming acutely aware of another thing he’d overlooked in his shock. 
Not only was the brown and gray canine completely unharmed, he didn’t even have a limp. And this was after being car bumped really hard, too! On top of that, the Doberman actually seemed to be smiling up at Badru.
Smiling!
What in the world was going on here?
Badru would soon find out. In fact, once they were in the car and safely away from onlookers, he immediately started up again with his questions. 
“How did you know my name?” Badru asked. The stranger couldn’t have gotten it from his work nametag. Dr. Karson had taken that off before leaving the library. And even if he had left it on, it would have only shown his first name per library policy in order to create an informal work environment and put library visitors more at ease.
“I have known your full name for weeks now, Dr. Badru Karson. I knew your first name years ago upon reviewing my birth parents’ digital logs,” Xander replied, sitting as comfortably as he could in the passenger seat of the small car. There was hardly any leg room in the front at all.
The compact vehicle Badru drove was yet another sign of the times. Earth vehicles that were destined for personal use were deliberately made small in order to discourage people from having large families. Only street buses, rail buses, and airbuses had any width or length to them.
“That’s another thing. What did you mean by the Mannings being your birth parents? And which Mannings would those be?” Badru asked, just getting started good with his inquiries.
Xander decided to answer the last question first. “The Mannings I refer to are named Elexander and Juna. They were killed coming from the planet Hekima, though I believe you call it Nico-1.”
“But if they were killed, how can you be their son?” Badru looked in the rearview mirror to check on the dog in the backseat. He instantly noticed how attentively the canine listened. It was as if Nasiir understood exactly what was being said in his presence.
He did.
“The Mannings crashed landed on a planet called Katan after spending months teetering in space due to a computer malfunction. My birth mother bore me prematurely before she and my father died. Despite my low birth weight, I survived and was raised by a wonderful Katanian couple,” Xander replied, revealing things to this man that he would not to any other human. Yet the colors of Dr. Karson’s essence testified that he was indeed trustworthy.
Badru shook his head with disbelief at the things that had just been said to him. It all sounded too incredible to believe. Yet when he remembered Afua’s warning about it being essential for him to believe this stranger, he forced his logical mind to take a backseat for the moment. 
“I have to admit, you do look just like your father, except with your mother’s coloring and lips,” Badru replied, trying to embrace the possibility that this could all actually be true. Yet to ease his mind he had to ask at least one more question. “I truly want to believe everything you say, young man, but I still need more proof. Can you tell me something else about your birth parents that only a true son of the Mannings would know?” 
Xander thought for a moment. Then he smiled as just the right piece of evidence crossed his mind. “Based on the digital logs my birth mother left, I can tell you exactly how my parents met.”
“Excellent. Yes, tell me that,” Badru replied. He knew that only a handful of people knew how the Mannings’ met and most of them were dead now.
“They met in a church during a moment of deep despair. After being converted to Christ, they fell in love and went on their first date that very evening. I think the restaurant they went to was called Back to Africa,” Xander summarized. 
If this didn’t convince Dr. Karson, Xander was prepared to show him pictures of his birth parents’ wedding rings. They were made of gold so he could not take them off the ship using the transporter. They were too precious sentimentally to catapult out of the hatch as they’d done the Katanian gold nuggets.  
Upon hearing the exact events of the Mannings’ first meeting, Badru almost had another wreck as he swerved in the road. Fortunately, they were nearing the edge of town where the traffic was much lighter.
When the small car was back on track, Badru began to ask more questions. These questions pertained to why the young man had come to earth now and why he deliberately sought him out. Badru also finally learned Xander’s first name, which is one thing he initially overlooked in light of the heavier questions that needed answering first.



Chapter 14 
Afua couldn’t really describe all the things she felt the first time she saw Xander enter the living room of her home. It seemed as if heat simultaneously began in her feet and head, then collided together in her midriff. She actually felt her knees buckle. 
Had an earthquake suddenly hit Florida? Because Afua literally felt the earth move upon seeing Xander. And this was all without saying the first hello.
“Baby girl, are you okay?” Badru asked, noticing how shaken his daughter looked. He hadn’t seen her this ruffled since the night her mother died. Usually Afua kept a tight rein on her emotions. Too tight of a rein at times.
Afua blinked and placed a hand on a nearby chair to steady herself. “Yes, I was just startled to finally meet the man that’s going to change our whole world.” Inwardly, she prayed for strength. She had no idea that this man would affect her so. In fact, Xander was the most handsome man Afua had ever seen in her life. Plus, she picked up nothing but good things from his spirit.
Though still concerned about her lack of composure, Badru proceeded to make the proper introductions anyway. “Xander, this is my daughter, Afua or Baby girl as I like to call her. Baby girl, this is Xander and his dog Nasiir. I…ran into them in town and invited them to have dinner with us.”
“Welcome to our home, Xander and Nasiir,” Afua said, addressing each one in turn in a much calmer way than she felt. When her eyes lit upon the dog, she felt something stir in her spirit. This is no ordinary dog, she thought with unexplainable certainty. 
“Thank you. It is very good to meet you, Afua.” Xander extended his hand in greeting as custom on this part of the planet. He was amazed to see so much light of the Creator in her essence.
“Nice to meet you, too,” Afua replied, preparing to shake the hand offered to her. Yet when she shook that hand, her whole world tilted again. Her speech instantly changed. Soon Afua began to speak in an unknown tongue as her grip on Xander’s hand grew tighter.
The language she spoke may have been unknown to Afua and her father, but Xander and Nasiir understood every word she said. In the Katanian tongue, she said, “Yes, you have come to change our world, but you have also come to change my world. For you are my mate and I am yours.”
An intrigued Nasiir looked up at Xander at those words. 
Xander was too busy looking at Afua with a startled expression upon his face to notice anyone else. It wasn’t just her words that caught him off guard; it was also the change in her essence. Yes, the Divine light was still there in abundance, but there were also vivid splashes of purple, blue, orange, and the kind of red that denotes the presence of deep love and passion. 
This was a woman capable of loving a man with every fiber of her being. The only other human female Xander had ever detected that trait in was his birth mother. Juna’s digital logs had been splattered with those colors.
Suddenly, Afua self-consciously snatched her hand away from Xander’s. “I…uh…I apologize if I made you uncomfortable just then,” she said, now speaking in English again. “I assure you I meant no harm.” 
“No harm done.” Xander fixed his eyes upon her beautiful face. “Do you understand what you just said?”
Afua shook her head, keeping her gaze fixed upon him, as well. “Unfortunately, no. Usually when I speak in tongues so publicly[i], there is immediate interpretation afterwards. However, I am confident that God will reveal all in time.” 
Nasiir waited for Xander to give Afua the interpretation. When his friend remained silent on the issue, the amused Hekiman went to find a nice elevated spot to sit. Nasiir knew that he could better observe the humans when he didn’t have to keep looking up so much, straining his neck.
“Yes, He will reveal all in time,” Xander agreed, continuing to peruse the loveliness of the woman that he now knew was destined to be his wife. Lakota was nowhere in the race for his hand in marriage now. She had barely been before.
As Xander continued to gaze upon Afua, he marveled at her light cinnamon complexion. It was the perfect blend from the mixing of a mahogany-skinned father and a bronze-skinned mother. Her skin looked smooth and uniform. No doubt it would be soft to the touch. 
Afua’s hair was thick and the color of brown mink. Its length touched her shoulders. Her almond-shaped eyes were a warm nut-brown tint. At only 5’3, Afua was one of the shorter humans, but still taller than the tallest Katanian. She was also shapely with generous curves that announced that she was full woman, despite the conservative gray shift dress she wore.
“Yes, well…what’s for dinner tonight?” Badru asked his daughter, starkly aware of how Afua and Xander kept staring at each other. Regardless of the fact that it would do his heart good to see his child finally fall in love and marry, especially with the offspring of the Mannings, the timing was too complicated for romance right now. They all needed to stay focused.
“Broiled fish and steamed vegetables. However, I could fix some stewed meat for the dog,” Afua replied, tearing her eyes away from Xander long enough to look at her father, who was hanging his navy suit jacket on a wooden hook near the front door. She missed the frown on Nasiir’s face as he sat on the stairs near the raised dining room entrance. 
Nasiir was not looking forward to having anything on tonight’s menu. Although he was in canine form and could consume those items, he still preferred to graze. Besides, he’d already had enough meat products at Lakota’s house when they offered him and Xander breakfast and lunch. 
Aware of his friend’s disposition, Xander said, “That will not be necessary. Nasiir has already eaten and I do not like to over feed him. If he could be turned loose out in the yard on such a calm afternoon, I am sure he will be quite content while we eat inside.” Xander also knew that Nasiir would want to graze a bit and survey the perimeter outside.
“Okay, let me show you the way to the back yard,” Badru told Xander as he led the way towards the back door. He wasn’t really used to having animals in the house anyway.
As Afua watched Nasiir leap down from the stairs to allow her father access to the entryway, she could have sworn the canine had an expression of relief upon his face. That’s if she was a swearing woman, which she was not.
That is definitely no ordinary dog. Afua’s gaze continued to follow Nasiir. When her eyes lit upon a departing Xander in the process, her mind added, That is no ordinary man, either.
________________________________________
[i]  1 Corinthians 14:27-28



Chapter 15 
Over dinner, Xander quickly learned that Afua was no ordinary person either. In fact, she was what Earthlings called a prophetess. She could tell past, present, and future events by the power of God. 
Afua was also the reason her father was not dead yet. Because of her extraordinary gift, she had been able to let Badru know when danger was coming, thereby allowing him to escape in time.
“Have you been in a lot of danger?” Xander asked when Afua went to wash up the dinner dishes and let Nasiir back inside.
“Yes.” Badru nodded as he led his guest into the cozy living room. “Ever since your parents died, I have been in life-threatening situations at least once a year. It used to be more than that when Elexander and Juna first died. At one point I was actually afraid to leave my house.” 
“That must have been awful for you.” Xander sat on a brown half-moon-shaped settee in the middle of the room.  
“It was awful for all of us, my wife and daughter included.” Badru sat on the beige settee directly across from his guest. “Over time it started to slack off. So much so that I began to let my guard down. But then when my wife Daisy suddenly died in that hit and run accident when she happened to be driving my car instead of her own, I realized that danger was just going to be a part of my life. I’ve been overly cautious ever since.”
“Could your daughter not sense danger near your wife, as well?” Xander asked.
Badru’s voice lowered. His eyes glistened with unshed tears. “Yes, she could. But at the time, Afua was going through a rebellious stage. She was in her teens and hated everything about being different from her peers. She tried so hard to fit in with the popular crowd.” Badru paused and took a calming breath. “When Afua had the vision of her mother being hit by a car, she was at a wild party. Although her conscience wouldn’t allow her not to call at all, she procrastinated. By the time she finally did call with news of her vision, her mother, my wife was already dead.”
Xander nodded in understanding of many things. He understood Afua’s need to fit in with those around her. He also understood Badru’s grief at having lost someone very special to him. “I am sorry for your loss, Dr. Karson.”
Badru received those consolatory words with a nod. “I never blamed my daughter for her lapse in judgment. After all, I, too, have made mistakes in my life. Unfortunately, Afua blamed herself and still continues to do so even to this day. The only positive thing that came out of all this was the fact that my daughter finally embraced her calling. She stopped trying to fit in with any crowd and instead focused on living the life that God destined for her to have.”
“It is commendable that she was able to learn from her mistakes and become a better person. Perhaps she will allow herself to receive the forgiveness that the Creator has for her one day.” 
“I pray so,” Badru replied quietly.  
Then Xander thought of something else. “Have any other associates of my birth parents met with unfortunate accidents? I discovered that almost all of them are dead, but not all of the reports reveal how they met their ends.”
Badru nodded. “Yes, all of them died in freak accidents. For a while I thought the whole project had been cursed. That was until I used deductive reasoning and realized that not all of us were dying or experiencing deep despair. As a matter of fact, one individual in particular was excelling with each passing year.” 
“Jay Horrell,” Xander supplied, coming to the same conclusion. “I detect that he is a very wicked man.”
“You detect right,” Afua said from behind them. She was standing near the dining room stairs with Nasiir at her side. They both seemed quite comfortable near each other, though they’d only just met today. 
“Are you also prophetic?” Badru asked Xander. The young man did seem more perceptive than the average person.
Xander shook his head. “No, since I cannot tell past or future events. However, I would describe myself as very discerning since I am able to detect a living person’s essence, diseases in the body, and angelic beings.” He frowned and added, “I can also detect dark spirits at times, but I loathe seeing them.” 
Afua laughed. “I loathe seeing them, too. Maybe one day you will let me show you how to make them leave with the Word of God.”[i]
Xander smiled at her. “I would like that very much since I have not exercised myself in that technique yet.” He also would like to hear her laugh again since the very sound of it had brought joy to his heart. 
Yet Afua had other things to do in the back of the house. She’d only come into the living room to show Nasiir where the others were.
~~~ >< ~~~
After answering even more of Dr. Karson’s questions about his birth parents and about the research that had been preserved and made better by the Katanians, Xander asked his own share of questions. He wanted to know what had happened to his birth parents from Earth’s point of view, why Badru was blamed for it, and who could possibly be behind the wickedness that transpired with the whole Nico-1 mission.
Halfway through their discussion, Afua returned to the living room. She had drinks for everyone, including a bowl of fresh spring water for Nasiir. Afterwards she had a seat in the brown recliner near the door and listened quietly to the lengthy discussion. When it was over, Afua took that moment to reveal a few things herself. 
“Now that I’ve heard what you all have to say, let me share a few things that I heard in my spirit while you were talking.” When Afua was sure that she had their rapt attention she continued. “First of all, the person behind the whole Manning tragedy was Jay Horrell.” 
“I don’t think any of us are surprised about that, baby girl,” Badru said. He and Xander had said as much during their discussion. 
“Yes, but you may be surprised to learn that there were three evil plans swimming around in Jay’s heart the year the Mannings went to space. These plans were all tied to the Mannings’ mission. They were all rooted in jealousy and bitterness[ii],” Afua prefaced, before telling them exactly what those three plans were. 
Plan 1 was to plant a smart virus in the spaceship’s computer system in order to kill the Mannings in space. If that plan had not worked and the Mannings had made it back to Earth safely, Plan 2 would have gone into effect. 
“In Plan 2, Jay would have killed Juna and Xander in a mysterious hit and run accident, much like the one my mother was in,” Afua continued, despite the fact that her eyes were glistening with tears. “A grief-stricken Elexander would have slowly lost his mind, especially after Jay escaped justice for killing his wife and child. Becoming so engrossed with the past, he would have blamed the space program for his misfortune and eventually devised a way to destroy it and himself.”
“Do you know how?” the scientist within Badru had to ask.
Afua nodded. “Elexander would have done something ingenious to the satellite systems. Unfortunately, he would have miscalculated a few things in his deep despair. Things that would have triggered a horrific chain reaction on Earth and in space.” 
Despite her captive audience, Afua had to pause long enough to blink away her tears and take a deep calming breath to regain full control of her emotions. They were trying to roam all over the place with this prophecy.
“When Elexander finally pressed the button to destroy all space centers, including the one he hijacked, and every satellite ever made on Earth, satellites both near and far would have gone haywire, too. This includes the satellites still hovering in the Andromeda Galaxy. Those satellites would have hurled towards nearby planets, dragging meteors of all shapes and sizes with them. Those meteors would have caused worldwide devastation to every planet they hit.”
“May the Creator be praised for revealing the deep and secret things!”[iii] Xander exclaimed, humbled by Afua’s spiritual insight. He also felt righteous indignation because there was no doubt in his mind that Katan and Hekima would have been affected by those meteors. 
Nasiir deduced the same things as Xander. As a result, he was now pacing back and forth in the wide hallway on the west side of the living room.
“You mentioned three plans. What is the third one?” Badru prodded, feeling anger like never before. Now he was convinced that Jay had had his wife killed, possibly the rest of his former colleagues killed, as well.
“Plan 3 is the one that Jay is working on now. That plans includes him becoming president of the United States and eventually taking over the whole world. After that, he’s going to fund a more aggressive space program whose main goal is to take over other planets. If Jay is not stopped, he and his wicked associates will take over the planet we call Nico-1 first, enslaving its inhabitants. Then they will eventually make their way to the planet of the peace-loving people that raised Xander,” Afua concluded. Her essence was literally sparkling with brilliant light now as the long prophecy came to an end.
“I will go kill this Jay Horrell immediately. He will never put my people in captivity! Never!” said an angry voice that only one other person in the room recognized.
________________________________________
[i]  Matthew 8:16 
[ii]  Matthew 27:18; Mark 15:10; James 3:16 
[iii]  Daniel 2:22



Chapter 16 
Afua’s eyes widened in shock at that strange voice even as her mouth dropped open in awe. She suddenly found herself unable to form a complete sentence right now. 
“Did he just…? I…Good Lord!” Afua stammered out, trying hard to speak beyond her shock. 
Badru, who still had full capacity of his speech, sprung to his feet with eyes of intrigue. “Okay, I’ve seen a lot of things in my life, but I have never seen nor heard a dog talk before.” 
“Nasiir is no dog. He is a Hekiman. His planet is ruled by talking animals,” Xander quickly explained now that Nasiir’s emotions had gotten the better of him. He could only hope that Badru and Afua were ready to receive this startling information. He’d hoped to ease them into the truth about Nasiir over a suitable period of time. Unfortunately, that was not possible now.
“Talking animals. Well, don’t that just beat all,” Badru said, now looking at the angry animal in a different light. His eyes widened with fascination when Nasiir changed into his real buck form right before their very eyes, long horns and all.
“Xander thought we would blend in better if I was an Earth canine,” Nasiir replied, chagrined with himself as he tapped his right hoof on the Karson’s brown and beige area rug. He was ashamed that he had allowed his emotions to get the better of him tonight. 
As a strategic security specialist, Nasiir knew that he must never be ruled by emotion. That was rule number one in the Katanian training academy. As a Hekiman, Nasiir knew better than to risk exposure of his true nature to those who were not ready. Appearing unintelligent was one of the Hekimans’ most effective defense mechanisms since it allowed them to catch their enemies unaware.
Now even though Nasiir’s anger was still apparent, and despite the fact that he still wanted to kill Jay Horrell for even daring to think about enslaving his people, he would not. At least not while he was in this current emotional state.
“Well, you definitely fooled me.” Badru chuckled, enjoying every minute of this surprise. His hot anger towards Jay was not gone, just suppressed for the time being in light of this fascinating new discovery about Nasiir.
“Even though I suspected that you were no ordinary dog from the moment I met you, finding out what you really are still threw me for a loop just then,” Afua said, having gotten her composure back as she relaxed in her seat again. Usually she seldom lost her composure about anything, but with Xander and Nasiir around, she was starting to think she would never be the same again.
“It seems that we have more to talk about than I first thought.” Badru returned to his seat on the beige settee. “Now I want to know everything about these other planets and the people that inhabit them.”
Xander exhaled in resignation. After such a long day, he’d hoped they would part company for the night and make plans to strategize sometime tomorrow. Now suddenly his day had gotten longer. His only comfort was in the fact that at least Badru and Afua were trustworthy enough to handle the things they’d seen and heard thus far. 
Xander was unaware that the Karsons were also extending their bedtimes since they were early risers, as well. However, the prospect of having their curiosities satisfied caused even the thought of sleep to flee from them.  
“Dr. Karson, if you must know all these things tonight, I think it would be better if I just showed you. We have extensive records aboard our spacecraft.” Xander stood to his feet. He turned to Afua and added in a softer tone, “Would you like to come, too?”
Afua rose to her feet. “Yes,” she replied with unmasked enthusiasm. Her almond eyes looked a lot like her father’s now. 
“Very well then. We will travel the Katanian way. Nasiir, you know what to do.” Xander moved closer to Afua while the buck moved closer to a now standing Dr. Karson. Within three seconds they were at their intended destination. 
As soon as they materialized on board, Xander quickly realized only too late what he failed to do. Afua’s loud gasp of shock confirmed his negligence in not warning the Karsons about the transporter’s organic factor.
“What in the world happened to my clothes?!” Afua asked, moving swift hands to cover certain parts of herself. She had materialized completely naked due to the fact that she’d been wearing all manmade materials. Even her earrings had been left behind. 
What’s worse, Xander couldn’t seem to stop staring at Afua long enough to courteously offer her a cloth to cover herself. From the way he was gawking at her, one would think he’d never seen a naked woman before. 
He hadn’t. On Katan, they never saw the opposite sex completely nude until it was time to mate.
Fortunately, Nasiir was less affected by the sight of a nude human female and quickly went to retrieve a coverlet from one of the cabin areas. 
In contrast, everything Badru had worn had transported well since the scientist only believed in wearing clothes made from the earth. The only thing that hadn’t transported was his leather boots. Those had metal objects on them and had been left behind. 
Thank God, neither Badru nor Afua had metal fillings in their mouths. Otherwise, they would have been screaming in pain right about now due to Xander’s oversight.
“Please look away, son,” Badru prompted the gawking young man. He smoothly moved to stand in front of his daughter until Nasiir returned with the cloth. 
“Of course, sir.” Xander blinked rapidly to refocus as he forced his whole body to turn in the opposite direction. Even still he could not get the image of Afua’s shapely frame out of his mind. The heat of what he’d seen was still stirring in his loins. No doubt he would dream of her tonight. He couldn’t wait to.
“I gather your transporter only processes organic materials, right?” Badru asked, remaining in place while Afua securely wrapped the coverlet toga style upon her body.
“Correct. Please accept my apologies for not telling you that sooner.” Xander moved farther away from the Karsons, lest he be tempted to look over his shoulder and sneak another peek at cinnamon goodness. 
“All is forgiven,” Badru and Afua echoed simultaneously, revealing how quickly they were to forgive others.
Once everyone was much calmer and nearly fully clothed, Xander and Nasiir gave the Karsons a tour of the spacecraft. Then they led them on a scenic tour of their homelands via computer. 
The whole time Xander kept stealing longing looks at Afua. The whole time she kept avoiding his eyes, kept feeling things she never wanted to feel for any man. 
In Afua’s opinion, falling in love only led to heartache and pain. She’d not only experienced it in her own life at the tender age of sixteen, she’d seen it in the lives of others, including her parents. Even now her father refused to remarry. And look what happened to Jay Horrell. Because of his misguided love for Juna, he’d become the evil creature that he was today.
As a result, Afua determined within her heart to only associate with Xander as she felt absolutely led to. If only she could have seen the dark patches of fear swirling around her head right now, she might have reconsidered that decision. 



Chapter 17 
Afua wasn’t too enthused about Xander attending church with them on that sun-drenched Sunday morning. She wasn’t trying to block his spiritual enrichment or anything foul like that, mind you. She simply wasn’t interested in trying to fight the feelings he stirred within her at church of all places. 
If only I could have flown away like Nasiir. Afua looked over at the large bald cypress tree where the Hekiman was enjoying the life of a swamp sparrow today. 
Nasiir was on a high branch, singing praises to God with the rest of his red-winged and gray-faced fowl friends. Afua could hear their lovely slow trills from here. 
Badru had gone over to talk with the Gladwins, two of their neighbors, at their vehicle. This left Afua and Xander alone to enter the small white-steepled church together.
“Good morning, Afua,” Era Latimer said super-sweetly before focusing on who she really wanted to look at. “Who is your handsome friend?” 
As Era waited for an answer she patted the tall, stiff hairdo upon her head. In this day and age, most Earth women wore their hair piled as high as possible upon their heads. With so many people on the planet, they had to find some way to stand out in a crowd, some way to get men to notice them above all the other billions of women around. 
The only women that still wore their hair down were those who didn’t want to be noticed. Women like Afua, who even now wore a black and gray shift dress that did little for her figure. 
Afua fought not to roll her eyes or shake her head with exasperation at the brazen woman. She also wouldn’t allow herself to concentrate too much on Era’s strong floral perfume, which had actually approached them before she had.
Women like this give the whole gender a bad name. Afua wished Era would have at least waited until they were off church grounds before flirting so shamelessly with Xander. 
Aloud Afua said, “Good morning to you, too, Era. This is Xander, one of my father’s associates.” 
Afua refused to go beyond that simple introduction for several reasons. For one thing, Xander had not yet embraced his birth parents’ last name and thus still didn’t have one. Secondly, he wasn’t necessarily an out-of-town visitor and thus saying so would be a lie and incite more questions. Most importantly of all, Afua just didn’t want Era to know that much about Xander anyway. Truthfully, she didn’t want any woman to know much about Xander.
Yet a first name was all Era required from such an attractive man. Xander’s last name could have been Tootie-Fruity for all she cared. Besides, she’d find out more all on her own. 
“Hello, Xander,” Era cooed. She gracefully extended her right hand towards the man dressed in a 3-button black suit that most American males wore nowadays. Except this suit looked specially made for his broad shoulders, wide muscular chest, and strong thighs. 
“Hello, Era,” Xander replied, speaking the name he’d heard Afua say as he shook the woman’s hand. 
With his natural eyes he could see that the red sheath dress Era wore looked like she’d been poured into it. With his spiritual eyes, he could still see red and also sour green upon the woman. Such colors revealed that Era was inundated with passion and envy; and on church grounds no less. 
Xander had never seen such colors in a place that was supposed to be holy and sacred. He looked back at Afua to see if she’d discerned anything. When he did, he was surprised to see the color of envy upon her, too. Except Afua’s sour green tint was engaged in a sort of wrestling match with the purple color of wisdom. Xander wondered which one would win.
“Now that we’ve been properly introduced, why don’t you come inside and sit by me?” Era suggested as she reluctantly released his hand.
“Sorry, he’s sitting with me,” Afua inserted, regretting those words as soon as they left her mouth. “Us…I mean, he’s sitting with us. My father is here today, too,” she tried to amend.
Xander smiled. He knew which color had reared its head first. He was kind of pleased by it. It meant that Afua wasn’t as immune to him as she often appeared to be.  
“Afua is right. I am sitting with her…I mean, them,” he said, deliberating fumbling his words just to see his future mate blush. Then Xander reached for Afua’s arm and walked with her inside, leaving an open mouthed Era staring behind them.
“She thinks she’s something so special just because she can prophesy,” Era muttered, allowing jealousy to swell to overflowing in her heart now. 
Before she could say another bad thing about Afua, one of the swamp sparrows swooped down from a tree and literally attacked her hairdo.
That is for trying to come between my friends, Nasiir thought, snatching a third and final patch of hair from the shrieking woman’s head. 
When Badru cleared his throat noisily and gave him a look of disapproval, Nasiir released Era’s hair completely. Even still, he flew away with a satisfied smile upon his bird face. After all, his main purpose on this mission was to protect Xander, no matter what form he was in, no matter who the enemy was.
~~~ >< ~~~
All during service, Xander felt curious eyes upon him. Most of those eyes were from women. Some were envious of Afua for having found such a man. Most seemed genuinely happy for the young prophetess, who had never come to church with a man other than her father. 
As for Afua, she seemed to try even harder to behave as if Xander was just a friend. As if he was not the man she was destined to be with.
Xander found the whole thing amusing. He’d never seen a woman go out of her way not to like him before. He couldn’t wait to see how this whole thing was going to pan out. Especially since somehow, someway he and Afua were going to end up together. That much he was sure of.
On another front, Xander found the Karsons’ church spiritually stimulating. When he wasn’t trying to discern the latest colors within Afua’s essence, he actually enjoyed the animated preaching from the pastor. The man was serious and heart-stirring when he needed to be, funny at other times, which kept the message lively and the congregation interested.
At the end of the message, Afua and other prophetic persons like her were called forward to issue any fresh words of encouragement that the Lord may have for the congregation. Xander especially liked this part of the service since he had never seen anything like this in his life. It thrilled him to see so much bright light pour from the lips of these select individuals. 
When it was Afua’s turn to speak, Xander saw her go into a whole other zone from the one she’d been in all morning. There were no greens, no reds, no flashes of any other colors except for brilliant white as she gave herself completely over to the Creator’s will. This was a woman that could put aside every fleshly weight[i] in order to tap into the spirit realm with her whole heart. Xander found the seeds of love stirring in his heart as a result.
After the service, Afua was back to her old reserved self again. She said very little to those around her. She said even less to Xander. Yet she couldn’t hide the colors of her essence from the discerning man. Therefore, Xander wore a knowing smile all the way back to the Karson homestead. 
~~~ >< ~~~
Later that afternoon, a more casually dressed Xander asked Badru to accompany him on a walk through one of the nature trails of the swamp. He wanted to show Dr. Karson the exact location of their mushroom-shaped spacecraft. Nasiir was back at the homestead keeping Afua company while she prepared dinner.
When they got to a modest hilltop, Xander pointed to an area by a bog. “Our ship is located right on the southeast corner of the mossy wetlands.” 
“Your cloaking system must be immaculate, because I see no signs of your ship anywhere in that area.” Badru strained his eyes through the binoculars he used. He’d already been told that the Katanian spacecraft could not be detected with sophisticated Earth radars. Now he realized that it couldn’t even be detected with the natural eye.
“It is excellent and even has a soundproofing element to it.” As he spoke, Xander touched a button on the watch-looking device on his wrist. “Now do you see it?” 
Badru nodded as a fleeting purple light shot up in the air from the midst of the bog. “How deep is it buried?” He knew that swamp water depth was usually shallow, seldom greater than nine feet. Bogs averaged around eight feet.
“About fifty feet. The bottom of the ship drilled the necessary hole in order to hide us from plain view.” Xander put his hands in the pockets of the black denims he wore. On Katan, he’d worn a multitude of colors like everyone else. However, on Earth he had to dress more subtly, which explains all the black garments he wore on a daily basis, regardless of style.
Just then, a tour group passed by them on the way to another trail. At the head of this eight-person group was a young woman named Lilly. She was one of Afua’s coworkers. 
At the rear of this group was a tall blonde woman and a little boy that looked to be about five years old. The woman was scolding the child for walking too slowly. Xander instantly discerned that the harsh words the mother said were having a damaging effect on the child’s essence. 
Seeking to put an end to the emotional injury, he stepped forward and spoke his peace. “Miss, I implore you to stop your flow of grievous words immediately.[ii] You are damaging the child. His spirit, soul, and body need more pleasant words to grow healthy and strong[iii],” Xander said as Badru came and stood beside him.
The woman stopped in her tracks, causing the little boy to bump into her right leg. “What’s it to you? He’s not your son,” she said as the others in the group halted to silently observe. 
The raven-haired leader of the group looked relieved that someone had finally said something about the boy’s mistreatment. Lilly had been entirely too polite, too afraid of offending anyone to say anything. Besides, these days people tried hard to stay out of each other’s business. Especially since the government was constantly invading their privacies.
“The child does not have to be my offspring for me to be concerned for his emotional well-being,” Xander replied in his usual straightforward way. “However, I am deeply troubled that you do not seem to care one way or the other.”
“I love my son!” the woman retorted as bright red spots appeared in her cheeks.
“I am sure you do, just not enough to work through your personal frustrations before dealing with your child about an unrelated matter.” Xander refused to believe that that great wall of flashing red light within the woman’s essence had been solely generated by a slow-walking child. No, something bigger had to have laid that stony foundation.
“I…” the blonde woman stumbled over her words as guilt attacked her soul. She really had been overly angry with her son today. In fact, she started this tour on a bad note by arguing with the child’s father right before they left home. 
“Besides, the child’s legs are short. He can only walk so fast anyway,” Xander continued. “Perhaps you should have asked the leader to slow the group down a bit or else carried the beloved child. He seems light enough.”
“I’m a big boy. Too big for Mommy to carry me,” the blonde child said, smiling at this stranger that had come to his rescue. He’d never seen his mother slammed speechless by a man before. She usually had tons of mean words to say to everybody when she was angry.
Xander came closer with a smile. “I imagine you are not too big for me to carry.” He turned to the boy’s mother. “I will feel privileged to carry your son the rest of the way, Miss.”
“I…uh…okay.” The blonde woman looked around self-consciously. How could she refuse such a kind, thoughtful request?
Xander looked to the lad again and grinned. “Which will it be? The back or the neck?” He pointed to those areas respectively.
“The neck!” the boy replied excitedly. He loved heights and the benevolent man was definitely tall enough to satisfy that preference.  
“If it’s okay with the tour guide, I think I’ll take that walk, too,” Badru piped in, looking upon Xander with admiration. The young man had taken quite a chance by speaking up like that. Badru was glad that it all worked out so well. 
“You are both welcome to join us, Dr. Karson,” Lilly replied, giving her consent to her coworker’s father and his friend.
“Thank you, Lilly. However, I will need to call Afua first and tell her we’re going to be a little late for dinner.” Badru pulled out his mobile phone and proceeded to do just that.
________________________________________
[i]  Hebrews 12:1
[ii]  Proverbs 15:1 
[iii]  Proverbs 16:24



Chapter 18 
2188 – August
After two grueling months of planning and gathering evidence with Dr. Karson in order to strategically expose Vice President Horrell, Xander and Nasiir both thought it would be a good idea if they all took a short break before the planet-changing festivities began. The rest and relaxation would do them all a lot of good.
Nasiir desperately wanted to see Pendo and his Hekiman family again. Xander also felt the need to visit his family on Katan. He especially wanted to talk to his adopted father about a few things. Things that he didn’t want to discuss in front of the room full of scientists that he and Nasiir normally communicated with every night. They would leave tonight after they made the promised visit to see Lakota again. 
Xander left a note under Lakota’s door earlier in the week, stating when and what time they’d be there for Bible fellowship. For some reason, Nasiir thought it would be a great idea to invite Badru and Afua to come with them. Especially after he heard Xander’s report about what happened inside the church that first Sunday he was in bird form. 
Fortunately, Afua felt absolutely led to go to this Bible fellowship and thus consented to be present.
When they all arrived at Lakota’s house on that overcast day, Afua tried to remain in the background after all the introductions were made. She could clearly pick up that the Native American woman was interested in Xander. Very interested. 
As a result of what she’d picked up about Lakota, Afua sought to better hide her own feelings about Xander. Unfortunately, one look in his direction and she knew instantly that he could see exactly what she was feeling. Why else would he have that knowing look on his face again?
No fair, Afua complained silently. For a split second, she truly wished that Xander wasn’t so discerning. However, since she knew that he could only see what God allowed him to see, she quickly got her attitude straight again.
“Would any of you like something to drink before the others arrive?” Lakota asked, after escorting her guests to her black and red themed living room.  She’d spoken to all of them, but her eyes had been glued to Xander’s face the whole time.
“No, thank you. Nasiir and I are fine.” Xander smiled warmly at Lakota from the red settee he sat on. Nasiir sat at his feet near the front door on the left.
Lakota blushed and reluctantly turned to acknowledge the other early arrivals. “And what about you two?” She looked at the Karsons now.
“I’d like some water please,” Afua replied, forcing herself not to dislike Lakota simply because they were fond of the same man.
“Nothing for me, thanks,” Badru said from his place beside his daughter on the easternmost black leather sofa. “I consumed enough liquids on the way over.” In order to stay healthy, Dr. Karson usually drank more than the required glasses of water each day, which explains all those containers of spring water in the backseat of his car. 
“Perhaps you would like to use my facilities then?” Lakota chuckled, instantly liking the older man.
Badru grinned and rose to his feet. “Perhaps I would. Just show me the way.”
While Lakota showed Badru the way to the bathroom and fulfilled that single drink order, Xander got up and went over to sit by Afua. He’d wanted to do so earlier, but their hostess had seemed adamant about him sitting on the smaller sofa where she’d already placed her Bible.
“I did not get a chance to tell you earlier, but I think you look wonderful in purple,” Xander said, openly admiring Afua’s new skirt-set as he sat facing her with one hand behind her head. 
Across the room, Nasiir nodded his approval. His Doberman ears were very alert, despite the fact that the rest of him appeared to be leisurely lounging upon all fours with not a care in the world.
Afua blushed despite herself. “Thanks, Xander. I looked for this in gray, but they didn’t have it in that color. You would have thought they would since natural fibers cost so much more these days and the chance of anyone spending all that money on purple is like slim to none.” She could feel herself rambling, yet she couldn’t seem to stop herself. If only he wasn’t sitting so deliciously close to her right now.
Xander issued another knowing smile as he saw the beautiful colors of Afua’s essence deepen with affection for him. Why wouldn’t she just let herself go in that area? 
Discerning that this was not the time to speak on that matter, Xander instead said, “I am glad they did not have it in gray. You wear too much gray as it is.” 
Afua’s arched brows rose at his bluntness. “I…wear too much gray?” She didn’t know whether to be offended or not by his comments.
“Yes, as if you were trying to fade into the background of life,” Xander replied, just as bluntly. 
Afua blinked at the depth of his perception. Although she was no longer trying to blend in with a crowd, she was still trying to be inconspicuous in life. “Not everyone wants to stand out, Xander.” 
“Yet some do anyway without even trying to.” Xander’s voice was much softer now. “Besides, purple suits you much better and it is also my favorite color,” he added with a smile that sent Afua’s heart racing with joy.
I wish I’d known that little piece of information, Lakota mused as she suddenly appeared in the entryway with a drink in her hand. She’d worn a white column dress today, because she thought it made her look more wholesome. More worthy of Xander’s love. 
However, from the cozy way he was sitting by Afua and from what little Lakota had heard of their conversation, it was obvious that he’d already found the woman he wanted to give his love to.
“Here’s your drink, Afua,” Lakota announced, making her presence known. She now had to fight to be civil to a woman she’d initially liked at first sight. A woman that she now saw as competition.
Afua’s head snapped around to look at Lakota. Even if she wasn’t discerning, there was no way she could have missed the sharp emphasis that had been put upon her name. Deciding to deal with the Xander situation promptly before it got out of hand and clogged up the flow of the Spirit, Afua rose to her feet. 
“Thank you, Lakota. Can I speak to you alone for a minute please?” Afua asked, receiving the drink in her hand.
“Sure,” Lakota replied, convinced that the woman was going to take her aside and warn her off Xander. However, when they got to the kitchen, she heard something else altogether.
~~~ >< ~~~
Back in the living room, Xander returned to his original seat near the door. He’d seen the color of envy in both women’s essence and now wished that he had just stayed put. He hadn’t meant to incite those feelings in either woman, but it was growing increasingly difficult to keep his affection for Afua contained. It was hard enough keeping a respectable distance from her when he wanted to be no farther than a breath away at all times. 
Hearing one of Lakota’s neighbors come to the unlocked front door, Xander bent down by Nasiir. “Go in the back and check on the women,” he whispered, pretending to tie the shoes he’d grown quite accustomed to wearing now.
Just then, Badru reentered the room. “Have I missed anything?” he asked, seeing Afua gone and Nasiir on the way to the kitchen.
“Nothing worth talking about,” Xander replied. Then he rose to greet the newcomer at the door in Lakota’s stead. 



Chapter 19 
“So you’re trying to tell me that there is nothing going on between you and Xander?” Lakota said, after hearing Afua out. “I have eyes, Afua. Even if I was blind, I would still be able to see the sparks flying between you two.”
Afua shook her head and put the glass in her hands on top of the nearest black-tiled countertop. She hated being misunderstood. She also hated that even Lakota had been able to see what she’d been trying to hide for months. 
Who else knew how she felt about Xander?
“There may be sparks flying, but nothing has been ignited,” Afua admitted truthfully. In the distance, she could hear the doorbell sounding, signaling the arrival of more guests.
“Nothing has been ignited…yet,” Lakota inserted, understanding a whole lot more now and becoming increasingly all right with it. “The way I see it, it’s only a matter of time before a raging forest fire starts between you two.”
“But I’m not trying to fall in love with Xander. I’m not trying to fall in love with anyone,” Afua replied. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Nasiir enter the room. 
Nosy Hekiman. Afua wondered how much of this he was going to tell Xander. Probably all since they were the best of friends.
“And yet you have fallen in love with Xander anyway,” Lakota deduced with a smile as she casually leaned against the eastern counter of her kitchen. She couldn’t help but like the honest, sweet-spirited woman.
Afua took a deep breath and hung her head. This conversation had not gone the way she intended at all. “Whether I love Xander or not still won’t change the fact that I will freely get out of the way if he chooses to love another,” she said. 
Afua was still trying to give Lakota the green light to go after Xander if she wanted to, despite how much it pained her to do so. In her eyes, Lakota was a much better pick than Era any day. Even with her sordid past, at least the ex-prostitute wasn’t a hypocrite.
Lakota smiled wider, standing upright again. “Willing to sacrifice your own happiness for his, huh? Yep, you love him. Doesn’t she, Nasiir?” She turned to look at the attentive canine in their midst. 
When Nasiir appeared to nod in agreement, Lakota laughed and patted his head affectionately. “See, even the dog agrees with me.” She looked at Afua again. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I think some of the others have arrived.”
As Lakota left the kitchen to attend to her new guests, Nasiir looked up at Afua and winked. 
“Nosy Hekiman,” she said, speaking what she’d been thinking all along. Afua heard him chuckle behind her as she walked out of the kitchen shortly thereafter. She never did drink that glass of water.
~~~ >< ~~~
Within the first ten minutes of the Bible study, Xander discovered another purpose for being on earth – annihilate spiritual ignorance. From the crowd that had gathered here today, it was obvious that there was a severe lack of understanding concerning God and His Word. 
Among the thirty plus people now crammed into Lakota’s small living room, ten were there just to see this man Lakota had deemed with special powers. They hadn’t come to fellowship in the Bible at all. 
Another fifteen had come with diseases that they wanted healed, as if Xander had any healing power of his own. The most he could do was led them to the Word for it was the Word that healed[i], not man. 
Sadly, the last five people came today to cause confusion. The evil spirits attached to them actually sneered at Xander when they walked through the door with their human hosts. Afua obviously saw them, too, because she immediately began to pray under her breath. 
Five more minutes into the Bible study, Xander saw one of those evil spirits whisper in a woman’s ear. It wasn’t two minutes later that the same woman uttered what had been told to her. 
“God does not heal today. That stuff was in the olden days before medical science had evolved. Doctors and medicines heal nowadays. If they can’t heal you, then you must be meant to be sick,” the woman said, totally unaware that she’d just been used by the wrong spirit. 
On top of that, the woman acted as if those faithless words had been all her idea. She seemed oblivious to the fact that the very words she’d spoken enabled the evil spirit attached to her to start moving upon those words. Muddy-colored doubt was actually being deposited into the hearts and minds of certain listeners. Many of whom were ill and without the funds necessary to get the high-priced medicine that would cure them. 
Xander actually felt sorry for the deceived woman. However, Afua did not. In fact, she became almost warrior-like. The first thing she did was stand up and rebuke that evil spirit. 
Afua wielded the name of Jesus and the scriptures like a two-edged sword[ii]. This caused the Divine light of the Creator to slice through the doubtful words that had been sown, creating a large gash clear through the soul and spirit of the deceived woman herself. 
Suddenly the woman’s eyes became open. Suddenly she could see what had prompted her to speak so rashly, so foolhardily. And just as suddenly she grew very afraid and began to scream, as if for dear life. 
The evil spirit, which had used the woman for years, also screamed in fright for it had no place else to hide. It was without a host now. The other evil spirits in the room began to tremble[iii] for they knew they would be dealt with next.
“Be silent this instant!”[iv] Afua commanded both the woman and the evil spirit. Both immediately shut up. Then to the evil spirit, the anointed prophetess pointed and said, “Be gone in Jesus Name!”
Though others in the room could sense the atmosphere clearing, Xander could actually see it clearing. On top of that, when Afua steadfastly began to lead everyone into a time of praise and worship, Xander actually saw several angels appear in the room in a blaze of Divine light. On Katan he’d mostly seen them when they came to retrieve a righteous soul, yet on Earth their assignments seemed to extend to other things. 
Xander noticed the angels observing the worshippers[v], but only for a moment, for as soon as Afua began to speak the words of the Creator in a prophetic rhyme, four of those angels did the most amazing thing. The heavenly beings went over to the four evil spirits remaining, snatched their trembling, impish bodies up and literally kicked them into oblivion.[vi] 
At that point, Xander rose to his feet and began to praise louder. Simultaneously he began to smell a sweet aroma.[vii] It tickled every hair in his nostrils oh so good that he found himself taking even deeper whiffs of it. How blessed his lungs felt to partake of such a scent.
That aroma was followed by the descending of a cloud so bright[viii], so concentrated that he literally could not see the hands in front of him. However, when that cloud finally lifted seven minutes later, the angels were gone, but the most wonderful colors could be found in the room. Peaceful blues, warm oranges, faithful emerald greens, a festive purple and pink mix, and above all else, brilliant pure light.
Suddenly the sick found themselves made whole. The demon-possessed and oppressed found themselves more than just delivered, but also filled with the Spirit of God, and the ten spectators had become active, faith-filled believers. They believed not in Xander or Afua, but in this powerful Person they called Jesus. 
Xander learned a lot of things from Afua that day. He also learned a little something about himself today. He was in love, truly in love for the first time in his life. The feelings Xander had for Roni didn’t even scratch the surface of what he now felt for Afua. If only Afua would allow herself to return those feelings.
Lakota learned a few things today, as well. She learned to be more selective about whom she associated with. That woman with the deceiving spirit had been one of her favorite neighbors. No wonder she always came home confused after being around her. 
Lakota also learned that even the most anointed people had personal struggles. Case and point – Afua, who for whatever reason, seemed determined not to fall in love with anyone. 
From now on, Lakota would pray for the woman who had led so many of her friends to the pathway of healing and deliverance today. She wanted Afua to have all the happiness she could get, even if that happiness was with Xander.
~~~ >< ~~~
On the wet ride back to the swamp, Dr. Karson and Xander spoke long and excitably about all that had occurred at Lakota’s house. In the backseat, Afua put the small crate of spring water containers on the floor in order to reposition her body more comfortably on the seat. Then using Nasiir as a pillow, the tired woman slowly drifted off to sleep, lulled into slumber by the steady rain hitting the roof of the white vehicle.
Nasiir didn’t mind being used as a pillow. He was fond of Afua and liked ministering to her this way. Plus, in doing so, Nasiir got a chance to hear her murmur the softest secret ever heard in the Katanian tongue just as she crossed over into dreamland. A secret that the Hekiman already knew from that earlier kitchen conversation.
That secret was, “I love you, Xander.”
Not one to keep any secrets from his best friend and too excited to wait until they were alone on the ship, Nasiir began to sing his discovery in the Katanian language. The short song was like a sweet lullaby and both Badru and Xander stopped talking to listen to it.
Xander smiled wide when he heard the following words: 
“Though cloaked in sleep, 
Your future mate’s heart still speaks. 
It makes her lips utter, 
I love you, Xan-der.” 
“That was beautiful,” Badru said once the song was over. “What does it means?”
“It means all is well,” Nasiir answered, smiling knowingly to himself.
________________________________________
[i]  Psalm 107:20 
[ii]  Hebrews 4:12
[iii]  James 2:19
[iv]  Luke 4:35
[v]  1 Peter 1:12
[vi]  Revelation 20:2-3
[vii]  2 Corinthians 2:15
[viii]  Exodus 40:34



Chapter 20 
Xander materialized into the receiving of his childhood home later that night. His siblings were asleep, but Noam and Ezra were still awake. They’d waited up for him.
“Greetings, son.” Noam stood up from the eres where she’d been sitting with her husband. 
Ezra stood up, as well, giving his son a nod of greeting. By nature, Ezra was more of a thinker than a talker. It was no wonder he was a scientist, able to spend long periods of time without personal interaction.  
“Greetings, Ma-Ma and Da-Da.” Xander stepped out of the light as it slowly faded around him. He immediately hugged both parents. Even though he’d been communicating with his father every day, he still missed the physical contact of him.
Ezra and Noam seemed to miss the physical touch of Xander, as well, for they squeezed him tighter than usual. “I think I will go wake up the younglings now. They tried to wait up, but their eyes grew heavy and I sent them to mittah,” Noam said as she finally released Xander.
Pretty soon Noam entered the room with three even smaller people. They were all rubbing the sleep out of their eyes. There was Gamaliel – the oldest birth child by Noam and Ezra. He was maroon in color like their father, yet his eyes were blue like their mother. 
Next was Freyde. She was the oldest female. She looked exactly like their mother with her violet skin, blue eyes, and dark violet hair. Third was the youngest – Karmeli. She also bore the skin and hair of Noam, but her eyes were green like Ezra’s. They were all beautiful children. All miracles of God from a womb that had been healed of barrenness.[i]
“Eldest, we missed you so much,” Karmeli said in her sweet little voice as she hugged Xander around one of his calves. She was the most affectionate child in the group. 
Not to be outdone by their youngest sibling, Freyde took Xander’s other leg while Gamaliel leaped upon his back. They also squeezed him tight.
“I missed all of you, too,” Xander replied as he bent to pick both sisters up. Fortunately, he was solidly built and could manage all three of his siblings at the same time. With Gamaliel securely upon his back and with Freyde and Karmeli firmly in each arm, Xander walked with them over to the largest family eres on the south wall. He got as comfortable as he could get with three extra people hanging onto him.
“Is Earth beautiful?” Gamaliel asked as he slid from off his brother’s back and sat beside him. As usual, he was the inquisitive one. It was very likely that he would become a scientist one day just like his father and older brother.
“Parts of Earth are very beautiful,” Xander replied, positioning each sister on a separate knee. “But because there are so many people on the planet, it is very hard to see the beauty sometimes.” He thought about the fact that even the beautiful Amazonian rainforest, which looked more like a prairie than a forest from space view, had been nearly slashed and burned up in order to make more room for habitable dwellings.
“I wish to see the parts that are beautiful,” Freyde said. She was the adventurous one in the group. It was likely that she would become a space traveler one day.
“I promise to take you there one day when you are older.” Xander removed a lock of dark violet hair from her forehead and tucked it behind her left ear.
Freyde grinned wide. “I accept your promise.”
While their children continued to talk amongst themselves, Noam and Ezra stood a ways back near the center-placed marble shulchan. They began to talk to each other. “Did you see his essence before the younglings came into the room?”
Ezra nodded. “Yes, our eldest is in love. He is also highly frustrated,” he replied, recalling all the various spectrums of red in Xander’s essence.
“Correct. I cannot determine if he is frustrated because his love is unrequited or if the frustration lies in the fact that now is not a good time for him to be in love with anyone. Especially with all the things Earth is experiencing right now.” Inwardly, Noam would not mind meeting this Earth female who had captured the heart of her son. What mother wouldn’t want to meet her future daughter-in-law?
“I will question him about those things tomorrow. In the meantime, let us enjoy our son’s presence.” Ezra took his wife’s hand in his before going closer to their children.   
~~~ >< ~~~
Meanwhile, Nasiir was busy on his own planet beginning the courtship ritual. Pendo did not mate with the buck that her father wanted her to and thus took herself completely off the courting schedule…until now. Now she was an active participant. 
As custom on Hekima, the males began the courtship ritual by stepping sideways in front of their females of choice. Their heads are held high. A neck wrestle starts between the males and females. It is a sign of rising consent. Then the males walk behind the females while issuing a low, humming call. The female ears perk up. 
The males then approach their potential mates with their heads held low. They brush the females’ forequarters with their necks. At this point, the wedding ceremony is deemed complete. Now it is time for the couples to go off into the woods alone in order to begin mating.
For Nasiir and Pendo, the mating portion would not begin until after his mission on Earth was complete. However, the fact that they’d gone through the whole courting ritual made it clear to everyone that they were both spoken for. In Earth terms, it was as if the wedding had just taken place, but the honeymoon of consummation had been put off until another time.
Nasiir and Pendo were content for the moment to just bask in each other’s presence. Their time in the woods would be spent talking instead of mating, both were equally intimate matters.
________________________________________
[i]  Psalm 113:9 



Chapter 21 
Jay paced back and forth in his home office, pondering what had just been told to him. Someone was looking into his past, asking a lot of questions about him, and even visiting some of the families of those who lost loved ones connected with the Nico-1 mission. Based on what Jay had been told that someone was Badru Karson. 
On top of all that, the defunct scientist had an accomplice. Not just any accomplice. No, that accomplice was none other than the young man that tried to have a meeting with Jay months ago. The same young man that he hadn’t had time for back then or rather wouldn’t make time for back then. 
Now Jay wanted the young man found and brought to him. Suddenly this college student who only signed his name as Xander was significant to the Vice President of the United States.
I should probably have Badru brought in, too, Jay mused.
But just how was he going to do that? 
From experience, Jay knew that trying to terminate or even apprehend Dr. Karson was a most difficult task. He’d tried countless times to do so over the years, but to no avail. 
Just last year, Jay ordered another hit on Badru. He’d been easy enough to find at that public library. And yet he’d been untouchable. None of Jay’s hired henchmen could even get close to the man without something happening to them, their cars, or weapons instead. Even when those things were working right, Jay was usually nowhere to be found on the day in question. 
At one point, Jay started to think that he had a spy in his camp.[i] As a result, he fired all of his former secret servicemen and got a new team of discreet operators. 
When the new team yielded the same results, Jay realized that Badru must have some kind of innate ability to sense danger. How else could he have avoided and survived so many perilous situations? Fortunately, Jay had no idea that that innate ability actually resided in Badru’s daughter. 
Unfortunately, it was Afua that Jay just decided to try to apprehend this go around. If he couldn’t get to his only surviving enemy directly, he’d settle for the next best thing. Surely Badru loved his daughter enough to seek Jay out for a change. And once he did, the Vice President would get rid of him once and for all.
“Excuse me, Mr. Vice President, but we have those pictures you wanted,” said one of Jay’s secret servicemen as he stood in the doorway.
Jay stopped pacing and beckoned the extremely tall man into the elegantly decorated room. He couldn’t wait to see the face of Badru’s accomplice. As soon as he heard about Badru and Xander visiting the Kennedy Space Center, he’d had images from the H-NASA tour monitors forwarded to him immediately. Those images had been blown up so that Jay could see exactly who his new enemy was. 
Receiving the photos, Jay’s eyes nearly bulged out of their sockets. No! It can’t be. He blinked rapidly as red spots began to appear in his semi-freckled cheeks. Soon his hands began to shake. 
Determined not to drop the pictures, Jay held on to them even tighter. His grip actually caused the ends to crumple. It just can’t be.
“Mr. Vice President, are you all right?” the secret servicemen asked as he came closer to the dumbfounded man.
Hearing concern in the man’s voice, Jay forced himself to snap out of his shock long enough to respond. “Yes, yes, I’m fine. I just need a moment alone to study the pictures in more detail,” he lied, dismissing the officer. Jay knew Elexander Manning’s features when he saw them. Who could ever forget the face of an enemy?
However, the man in the picture was obviously too young to be Elexander. Plus, his complexion was too light. In fact, the man known as Xander had the complexion of…Juna…especially with that beauty mole under his full lips. 
“It can’t be!” Jay reiterated for the third time in the last five minutes. Except this time, he was alone and was able to speak his thoughts aloud. 
Jay dropped into the nearest Victorian styled chair, lest he fall down like the golf ball-sized hail plunging from the sky outside. Jay looked at the picture much closer. Yet no matter how close or how far away he moved the picture from his eyes, Xander’s coloring, full mouth with that beauty mole underneath, and otherwise strong Greek features all pointed to the fact that Elexander and Juna’s son had somehow survived the trip back to Earth.
But how? Where could he have possibly been all this time? Jay now leaned reflectively forward in the hunter green-colored chair. 
He also wondered if the young man’s parents had made it to safety somewhere. If so, where were they now? And why did any of them have to resurface at such an inopportune time? Especially with the new presidential elections only months away.
~~~ >< ~~~
After talking and nuzzling nose to nose for hours, Pendo withdrew from Nasiir to look into his eyes. She wanted to see his brown pools by early morning light. Neither were aware that this particular garden spot was the same place that Elexander and Juna Manning had taken their last walk on Hekima.
“You know you took quite a chance leaving me like that for your mission. How did you know I would turn Matu down?” Pendo said as they stood a few feet away by the babbling brook.
Nasiir grinned, despite the fact that he hated even the mentioning of Matu (MAH-two). “My pride desires to answer with, ‘I knew you could not get over me so quickly’. But my heart demands that I be truthful. The truth is, my mother told me that you would be my mate one day. But that it was crucial for me to go off on this journey with my friend before settling down here at home.” His tone and his face suddenly became very serious as he added, “I have since learned why this mission is so crucial.”
Pendo nudged closer, brushing her furry shoulder with his. “Why was it so crucial for you to be on Earth? Especially after being on Katan all those years.”
“Nasiir was sent to both planets so that he could save ours[ii],” the one now called Mother Tuhfa answered for her youngest son as she made herself known.
“Mother Tuhfa, is this true? Will Nasiir really save Hekima?” Pendo asked the sage buck, who’d kindly taken her under her wing over the last few months that Nasiir had been away. They were closer than Pendo was with her own mother.
Tuhfa nodded. “Together with his Earth friends, both old and new, he will save many planets from destruction.”
Pendo turned to stare at Nasiir with complete adoration and admiration in her eyes. “I did not think my heart could love you more, but I feel it swelling with even greater love now.” Then as the realization that all callings of this magnitude did not come without a price, her eyes filled with fear. 
“Will Nasiir get hurt?” Pendo didn’t want him to suffer at all. Even though he was destined to return to her one day, her heart wanted to be ready for whatever physical condition he would return in.
Tuhfa shook her head. “No. Nasiir will not suffer any harm.” She paused and then decided to tell even more of the message she’d been given early this morning. “But one of his Earth friends will, almost to the point of death.” 
“Which one?” Nasiir asked, ready to warn the intended victim or at least protect that person with his life.
“I do not know. That information was not given to me.”[iii] Tuhfa looked intently at her son, allowing him to see her sincerity. “However, I do know that that person will be sacrificing themselves for another. I also know that the rise in danger begins very soon. In fact, I sought you out this morning to tell you that very thing. Nasiir, you and Xander must prepare to go back to Earth immediately.”
Sensing the frustration within her son and his destined mate, Tuhfa nodded sympathetically and added, “Though we all wish you to stay here longer, you must go back and complete your mission. Your Earth friends need you.”
Nasiir suddenly became very warrior like as his brown eyes flashed fire. “Will the enemy find them before we get back?”
“No. One of your Earth friends has her ear continually to the Creator’s mouth. She will get the warning in time to save them both. However, they will need you and Xander’s help soon thereafter. Do not look for them on the surface for they will be housed underground.”
Nasiir bowed, lowering his horns in the presence of such wisdom and insight. Though Tuhfa was his mother, he was still in awe of the wonderful gift operating through her. “I will go immediately as spoken, Mother Tuhfa.” Then he turned to a very somber-looking Pendo and smiled. “When you see me again, prepare to be mated that very hour.” 
Pendo smiled bashfully and nodded. “I will be ready.” 
~~~ >< ~~~
It was around 11pm at night on Earth. As such, Afua and Badru were already in bed. Suddenly, Afua awakened from her slumber with a start. The rustling of the wind outside her northern window didn’t wake her up. It was something else altogether.
Springing upright with a sense of urgency attached to her spirit, Afua knew that she and her father had to get out of there. Immediately! 
Jumping up from the bed, she wrapped the blue blanket over her silk nightgown and rushed into her father’s room. “Daddy, we have to go to the cellar tonight,” Afua said, shaking him awake.
“Go?” Badru came instantly awake. There had been too many days and nights like these over the last twenty years for him to be sluggish, even in a drowsy state. That was one of the reasons Badru regularly hiked to stay in such good physical condition. It is also why he ate so healthy and drank so much water.
“Yes, get the black bag, because we will not be returning to the house until all the danger has passed.” Like her father, Afua knew that that black bag contained certain essentials. Various currencies, passports, a few changes of clothing, three weapons and ammo, the Mannings’ research, and the documented evidence that was going to take Vice President Horrell down.
Badru quickly did as he was told, trusting the God in his daughter completely. Afua had been right too many times for him to doubt her prophetic words now. However, Badru did need to know one more thing. 
“Will Xander and Nasiir be able to find us underground, seeing as we have no means to contact them and inform them of our new location?” he asked.
As Badru spoke, he slid the black bag from under his king-sized poster bed and removed one of the weapons from it. With the loaded weapon securely in his right hand, Dr. Karson closed the bag and lifted it upon his shoulders backpack style. Though heavy he was more than able to carry it alone. 
Xander. Afua felt her pulse quicken at the mentioning of his name. She couldn’t wait to see him again. And she would see him. She was absolutely certain of that.
Then realizing that her father was still waiting on an answer, Afua said, “I have peace that they will find us.”
“Even still, from now on, it would be in our best interest to come up with a better contingency plan that involves our new friends,” Badru replied, leading the way to their fully stocked cellar. 
As of right now, his job as a library curator was over. Afua’s tour guide job was also over. The appropriate pre-written letters of resignation would be forwarded to both of their jobs via electronic mail at the first safe moment.
________________________________________
[i]  2 Kings 6:8-12
[ii]  Genesis 45:5,7
[iii]  1 Corinthians 13:9



Chapter 22 
“Son, your mother and I pick up that you are in love. What say you of this?” Ezra inquired. Only the two of them remained at the dining shulchan after breaking the morning fast. Noam had taken the other children to school.
“I say it is true. I have fallen in love with someone. A very special someone who, although she is beautiful, confident, and has a wonderful spiritual gift, remains humble at all times.” Xander smiled when he said that.
“She sounds wonderful, son. An ideal candidate for a mate,” Ezra replied. He and Noam thought any woman other than Roni was an ideal mate for their son. Their dislike of the prideful Katanian woman had been impossible to hide. As a result, there had been countless discussions between them and Xander concerning whether or not his heart had chosen Roni or his loins. 
“Afua is wonderful. Unfortunately, she avoids even looking at me at times and only talks to me on an as-needed basis.” Xander looked very sorrowful now. At first he found Afua’s resistance amusing, but now dark spots of depression were starting to show up in his essence on a regular basis.
“Why is that? Does she not love you in return?” Even though Ezra had studied Earth mating rituals, he did not fully understand them. How could Earth women not love his handsome son? Even Katanian women had been enamored of Xander. 
“On the contrary, I detect that she loves me deeply, yet is afraid to show it. I do not know how to make her unafraid.” 
“Ahh…so that is why your essence reflects such frustration. Perhaps if you got her to confide in you, to tell you what she feared, you could then help her overcome it.” 
Xander leaned his head to the side in contemplation. “I had not considered that. When I return, I will try to find out the cause of her fear.”
Just then, Nasiir materialized in the room. His eyes were lit with determination. His nasal passages flared with indignation. “We must return to Earth at once, Xander. Mother Tuhfa has informed me that the Karsons are in grave danger, possibly even as I speak.”
Afua, was the first thing to come to Xander’s mind as he sprung to his feet. “Da-Da, please tell the others why I had to leave with saying goodbye.”
“I will, son. Go and fulfill your destiny,” Ezra replied as he rose to his feet, as well. “But first take two more transporters with you. This way your Earth friends will not be bound by their primitive modes of transportation and thus can escape danger more swiftly.” 
~~~ >< ~~~
In the cool, dark Karson cellar, Badru prayed quietly in a corner as the hours passed. Afua, who had pulled on a pair of black cotton pants and a matching shirt over her nightgown, paced to and fro. This wasn’t the first time either of them had had to hide in a cellar. Yet this was the first time Afua had ever felt so freaked out about it. 
Afua’s emotions were all over the place right now. Her hands were sweaty and she hadn’t been able to sit still since she came down here. Good thing her feet were shorn in thick black socks and the cellar floor was concrete instead of creaky wood. Otherwise the government men moving things around upstairs would have been alerted of the Karsons’ whereabouts.
God, what is wrong with me? Afua inquired, finally petitioning the One that made her emotions.
You are running, was the simple reply uttered in a still small voice.[i]
Running, Lord? Afua stopped mid-stride. I know I’ve been pacing fast, but running?
You are running from your destiny.
With that additional piece of information, her mind mentally flipped to the story of the fleeing prophet Jonah[ii]. Afua sat down on the pallet she’d made of her blanket on the floor to meditate on that story now. 
But I have embraced my calling, Lord. I speak Your Word as often as You tell me to. Please help me to understand what I’m missing here, she thought, continuing her inward commune with the very accessible Creator of the Universe.[iii]
You are running from your destiny with Xander.
Afua needed no other explanation to know what that meant. She was running from her destiny with Xander. Had been from the moment she felt that first spark for him. She also knew that running from one’s destiny never got them anything, except pain and suffering. 
Besides, in Afua’s heart of hearts, she really wanted to love Xander. Therefore she would push past her fears and love this man. Oh how she would love him.
Interestingly enough, Afua’s palms immediately stopped sweating with that decision. Her mind grew calm and serene. 
~~~ >< ~~~
Xander and Nasiir waited until nightfall to search the Karson homestead. They would have come earlier, but the whole area was surrounded with men dressed in black up until an hour ago. Neighbors had been questioned and the Karsons’ home had been ransacked. 
It had taken everything in Xander not to give the order for Nasiir to disintegrate the men on sight. However, the Katanian way was to only use their offensive weapons if they were being attacked. That had not been the case today as Nasiir, in the form of a red-tailed hawk, had perched conspicuously on a high tree limb and observed the happenings without anyone even looking twice at him.
Now that the all clear had been given, Xander joined his friend. Together they began to look for the Karsons. 
By deduction, Nasiir suggested that they materialize inside of the house. Not only did it lessen the chance of them being seen by more curious people that happened along that way, it also gave them an opportunity to act on a hunch that Xander had.
“Mother Tuhfa said they would be housed underground,” Nasiir said once they were safely inside the house. “Where should we start looking first?” His nose was already lowering to the floorboards, which were unfortunately littered with debris.
“The cellar. That is the only place I can think of that is underground and easily accessible to the house,” Xander replied with adrenaline racing through his veins. “If I recall correctly its hidden entrance is five paces from the west wall,” he added, grateful that Badru had given him a thorough tour of the Karson land, making him quite aware of the cellar’s exact location.
Xander was also grateful for was the fact that Nasiir had returned to the form of a Doberman and thus was operating with a double sense of smell. Hekimans already had a heightened sense of smell to the point of actually being able to detect blood kinships among species. Combine that with the senses of an Earth canine and Nasiir’s nose was operating at optimal usage right now.
“I have Afua’s scent,” Nasiir suddenly announced, lifting his head after sniffing in the westward location. 
Xander visibly relaxed. His heartbeat slowed down considerably. “And Dr. Karson?”
Nasiir bent to sniff again. He smiled and lifted his head once more. “He is down there, as well.” At his word, the two of them immediately transported to the cellar’s coordinates.
When Badru and Afua saw two shadowy figures, one with two legs, the other with four, suddenly appear in the cellar with them, they immediately went towards them. They knew that none of Jay’s men could do that. Earth simply didn’t have that type of technology yet. Now if the cellar door had opened, Badru might have been tempted to shoot the first thing moving.
“Oh, Xander! I knew you’d come for us!” Afua gushed out with unshed tears swimming in her eyes. Within seconds she’d thrown herself into his arms and buried her head in the comfort of his strong chest. Even the spicy scent of this man was comforting to her.
Xander didn’t care what had propelled Afua’s soft frame into his arms. He was just so glad that she was there. In fact, he held her tightly just because he could right now. “I love you,” he whispered fervently into her left ear. “I love you so much.”
Meanwhile, Nasiir began to question Badru about the men who’d been scouring their homestead for the greater part of that day. He’d seen the men from the outside, but Badru had been in a strategic position to listen to them on the inside.
Suddenly they all grew very quiet and still as the sound of footsteps registered from above. 
Did Jay’s men come back?
They would all soon find out.
________________________________________
[i]  1 Kings 19:11-13
[ii]  Jonah (whole four chapters)
[iii]  James 4:8



Chapter 23 
“Just as I figured,” said Mrs. Gladwin, one of the Karson’s closest neighbors. “They tore up the whole place.”
“Government scum! Harassing good people like this.” Mr. Gladwin stepped around fallen book shelves and overturned chairs and sofas. Before moving out of the city, he’d seen black suited government men abuse their authority on a daily basis. That was the main reason he’d moved from the city.
“You’re right on that. The Karsons never crossed anybody,” Mrs. Gladwin said, repeating what she’d told the government men only hours before. 
“You think they got away?” Mr. Gladwin used his gloved hands to set chairs and end tables back up on their feet.
“I’m sure of it. That Afua stays prayed and fasted up, so God probably told her personally when to leave. Not only that, the black suits wouldn’t have stayed so long if they had found our neighbors.”
“Yeah. Wonder where they escaped to though.”
“A place far away from here I hope.” Suddenly tears filled Mrs. Gladwin’s eyes. “I’m sure going to miss Badru and Afua. Especially down at the church.”
Mr. Gladwin nodded first. Then he shook his head sadly. “Yeah, they were good people to know.” He took a deep breath and exhaled. “Anyway, let’s do what we came here to do. These family albums and other family things ain’t going to pack themselves up.”
“All right. Maybe one day we’ll be able to give them back to the Karsons. In the meantime, we’ll treat them like they were a part of our very own family heritage.” Mrs. Gladwin wiped her eyes with the tail end of her shirt before searching out the very things they’d come here to preserve. 
~~~ >< ~~~
In the cellar below, a glossy-eyed Afua could not hold back her tears any longer. The Gladwins’ unexpected act of kindness and Xander’s numerous heartfelt declarations would not allow her to. And although she was emotionally rawer than she’d been in a very long time, Afua was unafraid to show it now. The silent tears rolling down her face in squiggly streams proved it. 
Xander continued to hold her close as she cried. Freeing up one of his hands, he pressed the transporter button and typed in coordinates to a new destination. Fortunately, Afua had started wearing all natural fibers and thus remained fully clothed during this transportation.    
Nasiir inched closer to Badru and did the same thing with his transporter, which look amazingly like a fancy dog collar with buttons. He would teach the Karsons how to use the two extra devices they brought with them at another time. The guns that Badru had in the black bag did not transport. Fortunately, everything else did.
On board the ship, Xander took a now openly weeping Afua to his cabin area. This way she could cry as loud as she wanted and for as long as she wanted. This way they could also finally have some much needed privacy. The automatic door, which smoothly glided open from bottom to top, descended close behind them just as Nasiir and Badru materialized in the control room of the ship.  
In the middle of Xander’s room was a king-sized mittah. A purple kicce sat on the right side of it. Retractable storage space adorned the walls, which were painted in soothing sea-green and sky-blue colors. It was a room of peace and tranquility.
As soon as Xander laid Afua down upon the smooth purple, green, and blue sheets, the mittah adjusted to her form in a comforting way. All Katanian-designed furniture did that. 
With tenderness in his eyes, Xander retrieved a purple cloth from one of the storage areas and sat down beside Afua. He got comfortable, too, as he waited for her tears to abate. 
“Are you weeping because someone was kind to you? Or is there another reason for your tears?” Xander prodded gently when the flow of tears had slowed a bit. He restrained his usual candid tongue in light of this most sensitive moment.  
Xander had seen the color of love floating around in Afua’s essence when she saw him materialize before her. A warm orange had joined the festive red when the neighborly benevolence from the Gladwins was shown.
Afua lifted her head and looked into Xander’s ebony eyes. If God had not spoken to her heart only hours before, she might have been inclined to hold back her feelings in this most pivotal moment. However, she would do none of that now. Now Afua would face her destiny head on. But first she would wipe her face with the cloth Xander handed her. 
“My tears serve three purposes,” Afua began as she sat up on the mittah and put the cloth in her lap. “They reveal my relief at being found alive and well, my joy at having found true neighbors in the Gladwins, and my final surrender to the eros kind of love.”
“Expound on that last part please,” Xander replied. Although he was very familiar with the Greek word ‘eros’, he wanted to make sure that Afua was talking about surrendering to that romantic kind of love…with him.
Afua cupped his face tenderly in her hands. “I’m trying to tell you that I love you, too, Xander.” A kiss was imminent now as she moved closer to him. 
~~~ >< ~~~
In the control room, Badru found it hard to pay attention to Nasiir, who by now had turned into a chimpanzee in order to have the use of fingers upon the computer keys. 
Was Badru distracted by the Hekiman’s newest form? 
No. He was used to the talking, transformable animal by now.
Dr. Karson was distracted by the fact that his beautiful unmarried daughter was currently behind a closed door with a handsome unmarried man. The same unmarried man who clearly loved Afua very much as evident by that touching little scene in the cellar. It was bad enough that Xander had already, though unwittingly, seen Afua in the nude before. 
As a result of those things, Badru kept getting up out of his kicce to glance around the corner of the control room, looking for any signs that Xander’s door would be opening soon. What were they doing in there so long anyway? Surely Afua had regained her composure by now.
Noticing the man’s inattentiveness, the chimpanzee in the blue kicce said, “You have nothing to worry about with those two. Neither Xander nor I can mate with anyone until this mission is over.”
Badru looked only slightly relieved at Nasiir’s words. “Are you unable to? Or do you just choose not to?”
Nasiir chuckled. “We are definitely able to. However, we choose not to, because engaging in certain activities tends to erode one’s physical and mental strength during times of battle.”
Badru’s brows rose. “We used to practice abstinence before major sporting and physical events on Earth many years ago. However, countless studies since then have shown that moderate sexual activity is actually fine before such events.”
Nasiir laughed outright now at the Earth scientist’s ignorance. “Moderate is the key word here, Dr. Karson. Katanians and Hekimans do not engage in moderate intimacy of any kind, although our approaches are very different. Katanians are slow lovers with high levels of endurance. They can continue for hours without a break in between. Hekimans are fast lovers. We have a tendency to enjoy intimacy almost to the point of utter collapse.”  
An uncomfortable Badru cleared his throat. “Okay, I do believe I get your point, loud and clear. No further discussion on the matter is required.” He glanced around the corner at Xander’s door one more time before sitting back down. “I just hope the abstinence part of what you say is true.”
“Oh, it is,” Nasiir replied with eyes of sincerity. “They will not go beyond a kiss in there, if that, since Xander is a much disciplined man.” He turned back to the control panel. “Now let the instruction period officially begin. As co-pilot and SSS of this ship, I have much to show you about Katanian technology and weaponry.”   
~~~ >< ~~~
Back in Xander’s room, Afua felt slapped with heavy-handed rejection when he moved away. She immediately sought to fill the awkward moment with words. “Did I read you wrong? Did I misinterpret your words earlier? I assumed that you were in love with me, too. I apologize if all you feel for me is phileo love.” 
Inwardly, Afua was starting to wonder if she’d indeed heard God right concerning her having a destiny with Xander. Even the best prophets missed it at times, especially when their emotions got in the way.[i] 
Afua could think of one time in particular that she missed it big time. Four years ago, she deliberately overlooked the cautionary warning in her heart concerning Daniel, the young man that she gave her virginity to. She suffered terribly for that act of disobedience. 
Xander shook his head and smiled. “I do feel the friendship kind of love for you, Afua, but that is not the only kind I feel. I also feel agape and eros love for you,” he said. Including unconditional love with the romantic kind of love was simply the right thing to do since Xander felt them both for Afua.
“So you do love me as a man loves a woman?” Afua looked puzzled.
“Yes.” Xander smiled.
“Then why did you pull away just now when I tried to kiss you?”
Xander reached up to stroke the right side of her cheek. “My withdrawal was simply due to a difference in mating customs. On Katan, the kisses never begin at the mouth, even though they all end up there.”
Afua was relieved and intrigued. “If not at the mouth, then where do they start?”
“Anywhere else you want them to,” Xander said, now speaking very candidly as he looked intently into her eyes. He planned to kiss her all over…one day, but not today. No, not today, despite how much he wanted to.
“Oh…” Afua blushed and chuckled. “What other unique mating customs do Katanians have?”
“On Katan, there is no such thing as casual or premarital sex. A man and woman are considered married from the moment they physically unite. There is also no such thing as divorce. And infidelities are rare due to our heightened sense of discernment.” Xander continued to stroke her cheek ever so lightly, enjoying the smoothness of her light cinnamon skin.
Afua blushed deeper in color. This time with embarrassment. “So everyone on Katan is a virgin when they marry?” 
“Yes, unless they were violated in some way beforehand.”
“Wow!” Afua exclaimed. Her brows rose in amazement of this majority virgin custom. Especially since it no doubt applied to Xander, too. He was still unmarried and undoubtedly had not been violated in any way. “Katanian honeymoon nights must be filled with awkward moments.”
“On the contrary, no. We have thorough lessons in marital pleasure at the age of seventeen and once more a month before a union is about to take place. Therefore, Katanian honeymoons are filled with confidence as they build slowly to consummation. When the moment of consummation finally comes, it is done in absolute silence.”
“No one can say a thing?” Afua’s brows were at an all-time high now.
“They can, but they do not since it is such a sacred moment.” Xander’s hand moved down to Afua’s neck now, caressing the lining of her jaw. It pleased him to feel her shudder with pleasure from his touch. One day he would make her shudder a lot more…but not today. No, not today.
“Wow again. My first time was filled with tons of awkwardness and yips of pain,” Afua said, revealing the fact that she was not a virgin.
Xander suddenly ceased all movement. “You have been with another man?!” he strained out as he withdrew an arm’s length away. “Who is this man that forced himself upon you? I will go kill him at once.” 
Xander automatically assumed that Afua’s first sexual experience had involved rape based on the type of person that she was now, not who she was back then. As such, he was ready to deal with that crime the Katanian way. On Katan, rape and gratuitous murder were treated the same – with capital punishment. 
“I was not forced. I willingly gave myself to this man,” Afua admitted to her own shame as the color in her cheeks deepened even more. 
Daniel had promised to love her forever and she’d wanted to believe him so badly. Sadly, he’d broken up with Afua the week after she gave herself to him. It took her heart a long time to heal from that humiliation. At times she still felt scarred from that experience. It had brought Afua no sense of redemption when Daniel ended up an alcoholic before the age of twenty. Rather it had saddened her even more.
“When did you do this?” Jealousy seized Xander like a vice-grip. Suddenly saving this world or any others took a back seat to his rage.
“During my wayward teen years.” Afua looked away in embarrassment. “I did a lot of shameful things during those years. I have many regrets.”
As if a pin had just been stuck into a balloon, all of Xander’s jealous rage deflated. He could not continue to be upset in the face of Afua’s obvious pain and multiple regrets. “Is one of those regrets about your mother?” He moved closer to her again.
“That’s the…biggest one,” Afua replied, nearly choking on a sob. She couldn’t believe how all over the place her emotions were today.
Xander pulled her closer to him and allowed her to weep against him once more. When Afua was calmer, they talked about her mother and the young man who’d broken her heart.
Xander found her willing to forgive herself for being so foolish during her teen years. Unfortunately, he could not get Afua to forgive herself for failing to warn her mother in time. Her resistance on this issue gave him cause for prayer. Much prayer.
________________________________________
[i]  Deuteronomy 34:10; Numbers 20: 1-13



Chapter 24 
While the males were conversing in the circular control room in the middle of the ship, Afua used that time to explore more of the alien aircraft. She could say two things for the Katanians; they were heavily into color schemes as evident by all the soothing colors on the walls. They also did not leave any stone unturned when building and outfitting this vessel. 
A person could live aboard the Manning 2168 for at least five years without ever having to go out. Even Nasiir’s private kitchenette had a replenishing meadow to satisfy his needs. His west-placed cabin was also built to accommodate his unique animal needs.
On the east side of the spaceship was Xander’s cabin and kitchen. It was stocked with all kinds of foods that only needed the correct amount of water to return to their natural state. Even the Katanian seafood and breads regenerated like this, despite the fact that one had to wait at least an hour before eating them. The fruits and vegetables instantly regenerated.
Afua found Katanian fruit, which were grown on very large and very tall tree farms, to be especially good. In fact, she just finished one of their oranges. Like all Katanian fruit, that orange was juicy, very satisfying, and had a tendency to keep one’s breath fresh for hours after eating it. For a people who had only the minimum of farmland on their planet, they sure knew how to put it to good use. 
Though Katanian farmland was also owned by the government, it was not used to control the people’s diets and purses. In America alone, the government controlled nearly all the land, including land that had been re-purchased from Indian reservations and religious groups like the Amish and Mennonites. Therefore, they grew whatever they wanted and charged whatever price they wanted for food since there was no competition. 
We can learn a lot from the Katanians, Afua mused as she made her way around to the southeast portion of the ship where the extra cabin was. 
She and her father shared this cabin. It used to be a storage room for artifacts that Xander and Nasiir planned to take back with them. Those artifacts mainly consisted of boxes and boxes of Bibles. 
Now the extra cabin contained two twin-sized mittahs that Xander transported back to Katan to retrieve for them. The Bibles had been stored elsewhere on the ship, namely along the walls of the wide hallways.
Even as Afua sat on her mittah now, she sighed in contentment. It was the softest bed she’d ever been on in her life. She seriously doubted if she’d ever be able to go back to a regular Earth bed after this.
This is heavenly, Lord, Afua thought, laying full-length on the bed that was made of an adjustable gel-like substance that could harden or soften based on a person’s body structure. No need for a box spring or mattress here. 
As Afua continued to lie there all comfortable and snug, she began to think more about the Katanians. Particularly about their origins. Unlike Earth’s Adam and Eve[i], the first of their kind did not sin. That was why they didn’t have the same obstacles as Earthlings. It was also why very few people on Katan had wrinkles.
Unfortunately, sin was eventually introduced to the Katanians due to their contact with other species over the years. Now each man or woman who turned from the righteous path was subject to be separated from the Creator for all eternity if they died in their sins. 
As for how Katanians dealt with sin on their planet, they usually did with a heavy hand, especially when faced with violent sins. They firmly believed that one rotten apple spoiled the whole bunch. And regardless of the fact that the Katanians were peace-loving folks with more defensive weaponry than offensive, the offensive weapons they did have were deadly. Therefore, any enemies they had always tried to make peace with them.
With more thoughts of Katan dancing around in her head, Afua soon drifted off to sleep.        
~~~ >< ~~~
Thirty minutes later, Xander walked in the former storage room and found Afua sound asleep. He smiled. She was so beautiful even in slumber. He almost hated to wake her. But he had to. They needed her input in the control room now that new plans had been drawn up.
“Beloved,” Xander whispered as he came further into the room.
A light sleeper, Afua’s eyes fluttered open. “Is something wrong? We don’t have to relocate again, do we?” She was just starting to like it here, which was very different for Afua since she seldom got attached to people, places, or things. The times that she had proved to be very painful.
Xander gave her a warm smile. “Nothing new is wrong. And no, you do not have to relocate. You are safe here. I just came to retrieve you for a meeting in the control room.” The men on board had worked hard all day to revamp their plans to expose Jay now that he was obviously on the offensive. It was time to share those updated plans with her.
Afua smiled and sat up on the mittah. “I feel safe here…with you.” When she saw Xander blush, her heart filled with even more love for him. In this day and age, most men didn’t blush. They turned red with anger, but they definitely didn’t blush.
So full of love for Xander, Afua rose to her feet and walked over to him. “I want to kiss your lips, Xander. Can you grant me that?” she asked, hoping that he would submit to that Earth custom. Afua didn’t know if her heart could take another rejection from him, even if it was well-meaning.
Xander nodded. “Yes, I can and I will.” His voice was husky with passion as he spoke. All thoughts of the meeting were long forgotten now.
Then standing on her tiptoes, Afua brushed her soft lips fully across his in a light manner before licking her way back to the other side of his mouth. She instantly felt Xander shudder, heard him moan deep in his throat with pleasure. Yet to her dismay, he withdrew two paces from her.
“Did I do something wrong?” Afua asked, looking at him with concern. 
“No, I was simply taken off guard by the rush of desire that swept through me just then. I did not know that your slightest kiss would be so…so electrifying.” Xander took a deep breath in to bring some level of control to himself before blowing it out. 
“If it’s too much for you, we can stop,” Afua suggested, moving away from him now.
“No!” Xander reached for her left arm. “It is not enough. I need more,” he whispered huskily. Then he pulled her closer and began to give her a very slow lesson in Katanian style kissing. 
Afua didn’t know if she was coming or going as Xander cupped her face with both hands and proceeded to explore every corner of her mouth at an unhurried pace. As he relished the lingering taste of Katanian fruit upon her tongue, her moans of pleasure were either echoed by him or simultaneously uttered with his.
More moans sounded when Xander’s large hands began to tenderly cascade downward. Past Afua’s elegant neck, ever so softly over her upper curves, more firmly upon her lower curves. Those exploring hands were memorizing the slopes and valleys of her body, memorizing them in preparation for the day when he would have access to them all.
Draping her arms about his strong neck, Afua pressed herself even closer to Xander as he continued to explore her lower curves. Though she was not his wife yet, hadn’t even been proposed to yet, she already felt as if she belonged to him. As if he alone had every right to touch her any way he wanted to.
Xander felt the same way and thus had no problem taking a few more liberties. Squeezing her closer still, he aligned her pelvic with his and rotated his hips very, very slowly. 
Afua tightened her hold on his neck and began to follow the flow of his hips with her own. Their rhythm was naturally compatible, unhurried, and held the promise of an explosive union.  
Just then, Nasiir came walking up to the open doorway. “We are still waiting, my friends,” he said with a knowing smile.
Xander and Afua reluctantly withdrew from each other. Both were breathing raggedly as sparks of red-hot passion continued to flow between them.  
“We will be right there, Nasiir,” Xander said, not breaking eye contact with Afua. His ebony eyes clearly showed that he wanted to ravish her. He could detect that she wanted the same thing. Yet neither would act on those urges. Not today.
“I will go relay that message to Dr. Karson.” Nasiir chuckled and turned to leave. “By the way, it is good to see you two finally getting along so well,” he added over his left shoulder. 
When they were alone again, Xander cupped both sides of Afua’s face again and smiled tenderly down into her eyes. “Je t’aime, ma cherie.” He wondered if she knew that he was saying ‘I love you, my darling’ in French.
Afua, who had taken French in high school, smiled and returned with, “Je t’aime aussie.”
Xander grinned wide upon being told that she loved him, too. Then together they walked to the control room, hand in hand.
________________________________________
[i]  Genesis 3 (whole chapter)



Chapter 25 
Before they could tell Afua about their revamped plans, the three men had to first bring her up to speed about a few new things that occurred since their last major meeting. Things that showed how desperate Jay was becoming.
“First of all, several of the people that we previously interviewed have had government men sniffing around their houses, too,” Badru shared, leading the discussion as they sat at the round shulchan in the center of the control room. “Though none of their homes were ransacked like ours and though none of them were overtly threatened or taken away, our interviewees have all gotten the clear message that they are going to be watched more carefully from now on due to their connection to us.” 
“As a result, many people are starting to have second thoughts about joining our crusade to expose this unrighteous man,” Xander inserted from beside Afua. “Some are so afraid that they even want to retract the written statements they signed.”
“Which means we are likely going to have to carry out our plans alone,” Nasiir added from his place by Badru. 
“Which also means that Nasiir and I will be unable to complete our original objectives for coming to Earth,” Xander shared with a sad frown. “With so many people afraid of Jay Horrell on this planet, we can’t trust anyone outside of you and your father with my birth parent’s last research, Katanian technology, or with the coordinates to where more habitable land can be found.” 
Nasiir nodded in agreement. “Yes, from what we’ve learned and seen of Earthlings so far, as a whole they are nowhere near ready to live peacefully with other species. They need to learn how to live peaceably with each other first.”
“Amen to that,” Afua said, speaking up after her long silence. “Well, at least you get to keep your parents’ Bible,” she added to Xander. “As you know there are millions of Bibles just collecting dust on this planet, so your particular copy is definitely not going to be missed.”
“Sad, but true,” Xander replied, realizing at that moment that the only other original reason to remain on Earth now was to obtain Afua’s hand in marriage. It was just a matter of time before that happened considering how much they loved each other.  
“Fortunately or unfortunately, Nasiir and I now have a new reason to remain on Earth, though it was not one of our original objectives,” Xander continued. “In fact, we cannot leave without stopping Jay Horrell from destroying innocent lives on this planet and others.”  
“I have the perfect solution to all of our problems,” Nasiir interjected. “I can locate this man and eliminate him today.”
Afua, who practiced being swift to hear and slow to speak[i] at all times, thought now would be a good time for her to speak up again. “You would be moving outside of the will of God if you did that, Nasiir. For you and Xander were not sent here to be assassins. You were sent here primarily to be ambassadors for Christ[ii]. All the other stuff you came to do was just extras.”
“Ambassadors for Christ?” Nasiir asked. “But Xander and I didn’t even know about Christ until we set out on this journey.”
“Xander knew about Christ long before then, Nasiir,” Afua replied with certainty. “In fact, he even accepted Christ as the risen Lord one night when he was twelve years old. Isn’t that right, honey?” She turned to look at the man she loved for confirmation.
Xander’s eyes were huge as he confirmed her words with a nod. “But how did you know? I told no one but my mother of that night.” 
Afua gave him a warm smile. “Need you even ask?”
Xander smiled, too, even more in awe of his beloved’s amazing spiritual gift. “I believe I asked the wrong question. What I should have asked instead was, will you consent to be my wife?”
The room instantly grew quiet.
“Don’t you think this is the wrong time to be asking such a thing?” Badru said, being the first to speak after a noticeable silence. “I guess young people tend to act rash no matter what planet they are raised on,” he added with a shake of the head.
Xander looked penitent by that gentle reprimand. “Let me apologize for two things, Dr. Karson. First of all, I am sorry for not asking for your approval before extending my request to your daughter,” he began, counting on his hands the way his birth mother used to. “Secondly, I also apologize for not clarifying myself earlier. I understand that the current timing is not appropriate for marriage. However, I just felt so overwhelmed with love for Afua just then that I thought I would state my intentions ahead of time.”
“And get my answer ahead of time, too. Which is yes, by the way,” Afua interjected with a huge smile on her face. For a person who was once afraid of love, she was running full force towards it now. Who wouldn’t if they already knew that they had God’s approval of their future union?
Xander grinned at his beloved. “Are you in agreement with this, Dr. Karson?” He turned to look at Badru again.
Badru smiled and nodded. “Of course I am. Now can we please get back to the task at hand?” He was anxious for this mission to be over, so that they could all finally put the past behind them and move forward.
“Yes, let’s,” Afua agreed, now turning serious again. They still had much ground to cover. “As I was about to say before, as ambassadors for Christ, the main goal is to reconcile the world to Him. I don’t think killing a man in cold blood is the best way to do that.” 
“Do you have another way then?” Nasiir asked, revealing his frustration in that question. His eagerness to complete this mission was so that he could get back to his beloved Pendo.
Afua nodded with a resolute smile. “Yes, I do. In fact, the idea I have may very well serve as a great witness for Christ and also expose Jay Horrell for the snake that he really is.”
________________________________________
[i]  James 1:19
[ii]  2 Corinthians 5:20



Chapter 26 
Four days later, Xander and Nasiir went out on a countrywide expedition. From their ship’s computer, they’d already accessed the satellite systems over every English speaking country, which were many. Now they needed to check on various antenna towers and transmitters that would also be tapped into once their new plan was underway. 
With so much ground work to cover, Xander and Nasiir were going to be out very late tonight. And that’s with them using the transporters.
Meanwhile, Badru and Afua stayed on the spacecraft. It was unwise for them to be seen in public these days, even for the shortest time. Badru decided to take these hours alone with his daughter to have a heart-to-heart talk. Especially since Xander had been monopolizing nearly all of Afua’s time since they arrived on the spacecraft three weeks ago.
“I’m surprised you suggested that we use the secular media to expose Jay when you won’t even watch one minute of it yourself.” Badru sat on the purple mittah directly on her left and sighed, finding Katanian beds most comfortable indeed. He planned to get one for his home when this mission was over.
Afua chuckled. “That’s how I know this idea couldn’t have come from me.” Due to the fact that secular media tended to try to force their morals upon others or influence them to buy products they didn’t want or need, Afua only watched and listened to religious programming. And she was very selective about some of those.
Badru laughed at the irony of Afua’s idea, too. “And to think you’re going to marry a man who enjoys secular television, especially old movies.” 
In the time that the Karsons had been on the ship, they’d already seen Xander watch numerous classic movies. Those movies had been viewed via a 3-D media center that made the people in the films seem actually in the room with you. This was further evidence of the superiority of Katanian technology. Earth movies were still being watched on monitors and screens. However, the digital disks were much smaller now, less than one inch around, so multiple disks could be loaded at one time and played in the order of choice. 
“I know.” Afua chuckled again. “Yet the kind of secular television he watches doesn’t seem all that bad. Xander must have seen Tarzan at least seven times since we’ve been here. He says it’s his favorite movie considering the similarities to his life and Tarzan’s.” As she spoke, her face was radiant with love.
“Right. The whole being raised by a different species thing. I get it.” Badru then went on to another subject, mainly the subject of Afua’s upcoming marriage. “Baby girl, I want you to know that I truly do approve of your future union with Xander. Not only is he the son of my best friends, I’ve found him to be a good and honorable man in the short time that I’ve known him.” Even now the way Xander handled that blonde woman with the little boy touched Badru’s heart.
“But…?” Afua prodded, hearing an unspoken ‘but’ in her spirit.
“But there are things that concern me about your future with Xander. Things such as, where are you going to live? This planet or the one he was raised on? If you do choose to live on Katan, will you be content to raise your family there? Especially since you all will be the only Earthlings on the planet?”
“I’ve thought of all those things, Daddy. And even though they are things that will have to be worked out before we marry, I’m confident that Xander and I will be able to come to a mutual agreement. After all, this man is the best thing that’s happened to me since Jesus,[i]” Afua said with love shining brightly in her eyes.
“Well said, baby girl. Well said.” Badru nodded with approval of his daughter’s confidence. He’d looked forward to the day when Afua would finally submit to true love. That day had finally arrived and he was so happy about it.
~~~ >< ~~~
Several states away, there was someone who wouldn’t know what true love was even if it slapped him in the face. That person was none other than Jay Horrell. Currently he was tossing and turning in his sleep as his mind took him places he never allowed it to go in his waking hours.
“Juna…Juna…” Jay muttered in his sleep. So focused on the woman in his dreams, he was oblivious to the woman that he’d awakened beside him in the oak wood sleigh bed.
Adrasteia turned over and glared at Jay in the dimly lit room. Most wives would have awakened their husbands from a nightmare. Yet most wives were not married to Jay Horrell. 
Adrasteia tried that during the early days of their marriage when Jay used to call out this woman’s name once or twice a year. Unfortunately, that would only lead to a big argument, followed by barrels of denial that this Juna woman ever meant anything to him, and then days of silent indifference afterwards.
Of equal misfortune is the fact that Jay was starting to dream about this woman a lot more these days. This was the fourth time this week and it was only Friday. And although Jay denied it every time she brought it up, Adrasteia was convinced that this Juna woman was the reason Jay had gotten himself sterilized after leaving H-NASA. 
Not wanting to add to the world’s overcrowding my foot, Adrasteia mused as she once again heard her husband utter the same potent question he’d uttered for years. 
“Why couldn’t you have borne my seed, Juna?” Jay asked in an anguished voice. Then no more words were spoken as his nightmare suddenly turned lovely again as happier scenes with Juna replayed themselves in his head.
Adrasteia practically sneered at her husband now. So you only wanted children by ‘her’, huh? Well, luckily I had a child of my own before I ever met you, she mused, still holding on to her own pre-marital secret. A secret that concerned Adrasteia and a certain Native-American man that used to drain her parents’ pool a little over twenty-five years ago.  
________________________________________
[i] Quote spoken by a real Prophetess (Prophetess Latrice Williams)



Chapter 27 
After that long talk with her father, Afua went to Xander’s bathroom to freshen up. It was the only usable humanoid facility on board. Nasiir’s private bath looked more like a wading pool, even though he did a great deal of his cleaning via mouth like Earth animals did. Afua was grateful that Nasiir closed the door to his cabin when he did so, proving that he was an enlightened animal after all.
Xander’s bathroom had blue marble walls, except for one wall that was all mirror. This unique wall was called a marah (mar-aw’: mirror). One could see one’s entire body from head to toe in this looking glass. It was outlined in gold.
There were no windows in this bathroom. There was also no tub, only a shower-type contraption that allowed soothing water to hit the body horizontally from a long column of tiny gold vents. The entrance to the shower stall opened automatically from side to side when one pressed a gold button on the wall. Afua made quick use of that button now as she prepared to step into the east-placed stall.
The toilet in Xander’s bathroom was ingenious with its wide oval shape, warm water rinse after use, followed by a warm dry breeze to set one to rights again. The toilet was outlined in gold, as well. There was a sink, but it was hidden within a storage block on the south wall so as not to take up too much walking space. The sink had all gold fixtures.
When Afua questioned Xander about the bathroom’s lack of tub, she was told that young, single people on Katan did not take baths. Baths were for those who couldn’t stand for long periods of time like babies and the elderly. Baths were also for married couples who simply wanted to enjoy one another. Xander promised Afua that they would take frequent baths together once they were wed. 
I look forward to having those baths. Afua blushed about that even now as she emerged from the shower stall minutes later with a navy towel wrapped around her damp body. Another towel was tied around her wet locks.
Afua could feel the blush spread all the way down to her toes as she recalled a few other things a very candid Xander said they would do together. Things she could hardly wait to explore with him.
So engrossed in her yummy thoughts, Afua failed to see a short, voluptuous female with light burgundy skin and long flowing pink hair appear in the bathroom entryway.
It was Roni. 
The determined Katanian female had slipped into Ezra’s laboratory unawares and copied the coordinates to Xander’s ship from a file. Then so that none of her relatives would miss her or question her long absence, Roni arranged to go to the oceanic Sector-57SE to study marine life for a month. 
Instead of going directly there, she used her beauty to gain exit approval from a male high council employee. Then she transported to Earth. The marine study could wait one more week. 
Roni had thought to use this week to convince Xander that they truly did belong together. She even had solutions to the issues that separated them. However, she did not have an answer as to why there was a beautiful brown woman standing in Xander’s bathroom right now. 
“Where is Xander?!” Roni asked in the Katanian tongue. Her tone was sharp and biting. Her violet eyes were glaring darts as she made her presence known to the woman whose essence was vividly lit up with the color of passion. 
There was no doubt in Roni’s mind that this brown woman was thinking about Xander. She just didn’t know if this woman had just been with him? Or was preparing to go to him now?
A startled Afua clenched the lower towel around her body tighter. Her desirous thoughts instantly evaporated. It was a good thing she’d thought to put a towel on before leaving the shower stall. Being seen nude for a second time on this ship would have made this moment even more embarrassing. 
Although the woman looked too old to be one of Xander’s sisters, Afua quickly came to the conclusion that this had to be his mother. Who else could it be? Besides, he did say that most Katanians didn’t have wrinkles. And this female’s face was flawless.
“I cannot understand your language. Can you understand mine?” Afua asked as the woman continued to glare at her. With a communication gap in place, it was going to be very hard to find out why the woman was giving her the evil eye.
“I understand Earth English.” Roni nodded, having learned the language in one of her elective courses. A course that she took just to be near Xander at the time. 
“Good.” Afua sighed in relief. “Are you Xander’s mother?”
“Absolutely not!” Roni snapped with a sharp shake of the head. “I am the woman his romantic heart loved on Katan.”
Afua’s brows rose at that prickly reply. She instantly felt her flesh warring with her spirit as she tugged the upper towel from her head and flung it across the top of the shower stall door. “You are a long way from home, aren’t you, Roni?” she asked, immediately identifying the stranger based on a previous conversation. 
Xander told Afua all about the woman he used to love on Katan the same night she told him about her first love. They both agreed that those loves were in the past. 
This one doesn’t look in the past to me. Afua perused the defiant looking female in front of her. Despite the current stare down, she proceeded to secure the purple robe Xander recently bought for her around her frame before flinging the lower towel where the upper one had gone. Afua had to be ready for combat in case things suddenly turned physical.
Though small in stature, the Katanian woman looked like she could put up a good fight if she wanted to. Did Roni want to? If so, would Afua retaliate accordingly? 
During her rebellious teen years she engaged in and won several fights in order to fit in with a certain ‘it’ crowd. Which meant Afua was familiar with physical altercations and could hold her own if necessary. She just hoped it wouldn’t be necessary today.
“It is surely no business of yours, Earth woman,” Roni retorted, looking Afua up and down with disdain. She couldn’t believe Xander would want someone so tall. No, he needed someone shorter, someone that could make climbing his olive tower a lot more fun.
Just then, Badru came to Xander’s bedroom door and announced the return of their friends. “Your fiancé and Nasiir are back…” His voice trailed off when a small, colorfully dressed alien woman in sandals hasted out of the bathroom and rushed past him without so much as a word.
“Baby girl, did you just see…?” Badru asked his purple-robed daughter when she emerged from the bathroom moments later. 
“That Katanian woman?” Afua finished for him with a nod of her damp head. “Unfortunately, yes. She is Roni, Xander’s ex-girlfriend.”
“Something tells me that she doesn’t want to be an ex anymore.” Even now, Badru was amazed by how quick the woman’s short legs were. She’d been almost a blur as she hurried past him.
“Something tells you right.” Afua tied the sash of her robe tighter before going towards the control room. 
Badru took off right behind her, ready to get to the bottom of this most interesting new development.



Chapter 28 
Even before Afua and Badru made it to the center of the ship, they could hear the loud conversation from several feet away. Although they couldn’t understand a word that was being said due to the usage of the Katanian language, the Karsons knew exactly what the heated argument was about – Afua and Xander. 
Well-versed in Earth English, Roni had understood exactly what the word fiancé meant. She’d rushed to confront Xander on the issue, about the fact that he had romantically moved on with his life…at all and without telling her.
“How could you be in love with another woman after I’ve gone to so much trouble to be with you?” Roni demanded of him. 
“Have you forgotten that our body chemistries are not compatible? Any mating on our part would mean sure death to you over a course of ten years,” Xander said, still a bit in shock over the lengths Roni had gone to just to see him again. He honestly didn’t know how to feel about it.
Meanwhile, Nasiir went to stand beside Afua and Badru near the northeast entrance. He tried to nudge them to follow him further in the hallway, away from the confrontation. 
When they refused, Nasiir simply shrugged and began to act as interpreter. However, he did keep his voice down to a whisper over the loud angry woman in the center of the room. Despite their small statures, Katanians had big voices. 
“If I did expire ten years after we wed, it would have been the happiest decade of my life,” Roni replied, convinced that a life without children could still be a happy one, just as long as she was with the man she loved. “Besides, these would have protected me,” she added, pulling out a thick roll of prophylactics. “Since you have been gone, I did extensive research on the history of Earthlings and their mating practices. I found out that many diseases were prevented just by using these simple latex conduits.”  
“But every Katanian woman wants children. Truthfully, I want children, too,” Xander persisted, staring in awe at the antique Earth form of birth and disease control in Roni’s left hand. 
The Katanian woman had obviously had the prophylactics made on her own planet, because they were outlawed by many nations on Earth. Due to the unavailability of landfill space, most non-biodegradable materials were illegal. This included latex condoms since they were not composed of one hundred percent rubber tree sap which would have made them completely recyclable. The fact that medical care had been at an all-time high for years further decreased this need for condoms.   
“I also desire to have children, but I desire to have you more, Xander,” Roni declared passionately, flinging the prophylactics on the floor before rushing to hug him about the waist the way she used to when they were dating. 
Roni’s heart thrilled when Xander did not move away from her, but instead put a comforting hand at the back of her head. She found even more pleasure when she noticed the people at the edge of the room gawking at this affectionate embrace. 
He will mate me now for sure. Roni smirked as she cut her eyes triumphantly at Afua. 
“And if you have to have offspring, we could always adopt, Xander. Your parents did that and look how well you turned out,” Roni continued aloud, now staring lovingly up into his eyes. Inwardly, she was glad that his back was to the northeast entrance. This way, Xander would not be distracted by the sight of the brown woman whose essence was rapidly filling with colors of heartache and rage.
Xander found himself at a crossroad between his past and his future. The simple solutions Roni posed would enable them to be together. They would also enable them to rear children. He was amazed that they hadn’t thought of those answers sooner. 
However, Xander could not easily forget his overwhelming feelings for Afua. No woman had visited his dreams as much as she had. Nor consumed his waking hours. Every time Xander was near Afua, he wanted to take her in his arms and hold her forever.  
But he wasn’t holding Afua now. He was holding Roni. Why was he still holding Roni?
Afua wanted to know the answer to that question herself. Since Xander had grown quiet, she couldn’t help but come to her own conclusions on the matter. Conclusion one, Roni had gained much ground with her fervently spoken words. Conclusion two, her simple solutions to the things that divided them had been accepted or were at least being seriously considered. 
On top of that, Xander had not brought up Afua’s name or his love for her once. Rather he’d been beating around the bush when he was usually such a blunt talker. All of this led Afua to believe that Xander still felt something deep for Roni. Still wanted something permanent with her. Plus, they did have a longer history together.
Maybe they can work out their differences after all, Afua thought as defeat crept upon her like a thief intent on stealing every ounce of joy in her heart. With thoughts like that rapidly filling her mind, she turned to walk away.
Unfortunately, Afua turned too sharply to the right and ended up stomping her bare toes on one of Nasiir’s hooves. Hooves that weren’t there a minute ago when he was still in dog form.
“Just great!” Afua exclaimed as pain radiated up her left leg. She missed Nasiir’s secret smile as he pulled his right hoof back out of the way. 
Scales seemed to fall from Xander’s eyes when he heard Afua’s voice. He’d been so involved with Roni that he hadn’t been aware of anyone else. 
Realizing what she must have witnessed, Xander immediately felt guilt wash over him. As he turned to face Afua, he instantly saw the dark colors of depression trying to invade her soul as she started to limp from the room. 
“Halt, beloved!” Xander said in English as he detangled himself from Roni’s reluctant frame.
All eyes went to Xander and then Afua, who’d stopped instantly in her tracks at his words. She was the only person he’d ever called beloved. Not even Roni had held that honored title. 
“Why should I stay, Xander? To watch you two reconcile?” Afua scoffed. “I don’t think so. For all I know, Roni could have been making surprise visits like this all along.” She shook her head. “If anybody wants me, I’ll be in my cabin, counting down the seconds to the end of this mission. Then we can all get back to our old lives,” Afua concluded, turning to walk away again. This time she forced herself to move without a limp, thereby ignoring the pain in her foot. She had enough pain in her heart to contend with right now.
“Afua.” Xander started after her, determined to make things right between them again.
“Let her go, Xander.” Roni pulled on his arm. “You do not need her now that all the problems that divided us are solved.”   
Xander paused as he thought about Roni’s words for a moment. “You are wrong, Roni. I do need her,” he said bluntly, saying what he should have said in the beginning. “My destiny is with Afua. I love her. I regret not telling you that earlier, but it is so true. I do love her and I need her almost as much as I need to breathe.” 
“You love her? So soon?” Though hurt by his declaration, Roni’s eyes were huge with doubt, as well. She could see colors of love dancing around in his essence even now and Afua was nowhere in the room. 
“Yes, I love her very deeply.” Out of the corner of his eye, Xander could see Badru and Nasiir smile with approval. Yet he had not said that for their benefit, he’d spoken the truth for himself.
“But all those reds in your essence. Surely some of them are connected to me?” Roni’s pride wouldn’t allow her to believe that he didn’t still feel something for her. 
“I am sure some of them are for you, since I will always have a special place in my heart for my first love.” Xander looked down fondly at Roni. “However, what I feel for Afua is…” He paused, trying to find the right words, words that would not inflict pain upon his college sweetheart. 
Finding none, Xander settled for words that would at least soften the blow. “What I feel for Afua transcends what you and I had, Roni. It goes beyond anything I have ever felt for anyone.”
Roni looked closer at Xander’s essence, trying to see if he was indeed speaking truth. All the light shades of blues and purples confirmed it. The man was telling the truth. Before Roni could speak on that, a barefooted Afua came rushing back into the room. And with no sign of pain anywhere. 
“Take your hands off my man right now!” Afua pointed at Roni. Her face was lit with emotion and her essence held a wide spectrum of colors in it. 
“Your man…?” Roni began. 
“Shut up!” Afua snapped at the beautiful Katanian. “You’ve had your turn to speak. Now it’s my turn.”
Fear and awe shot through Roni like a lightning bolt as she noted the most dominant color upon Afua’s essence now. The angry woman’s essence was nearly saturated with the bright light of the Creator. This was no ordinary Earth woman. This was no ordinary person. This person was one of God’s chosen vessels.[i] 
Discerning all these things, Roni closed her mouth tightly, released Xander’s arm and took several steps away from him. There would be no more trouble out of her.
“Just so you know, I didn’t want to love Xander, no matter how unbelievably handsome he was,” Afua continued, now standing directly in front of Roni, towering over her shorter frame. “In fact, I did everything in my power not to fall in love with him, but it happened anyway. Over time I came to accept the fact that God had ordained this great love. And because I believe that it’s been ordained from on high, I’m going to hold fast to it and not allow anyone or anything to stand in my way.”[ii] 
Then Afua looked at Xander and added, “So if you need more time to bring the proper closure to your past, I suggest you do it now. Because we have a destiny to fulfill together.”
Xander grinned and rushed to scoop Afua up in his strong arms. Oh the fire in this woman. It excited and invigorated him. He couldn’t help but spin her around and kiss her lips at least once before placing her upon her feet again.
“That is what I was trying to do before you so rudely interrupted me, beloved,” Xander said with his arms still around her waist. A woman like this was just too special to let go. Too soft, too, since the cotton robe Afua wore only covered her flesh. It was not thick enough to keep the feel of her curves away from his touch. And oh what a feel it was.  
“What?” Afua looked confused now. She turned around in Xander’s arms and glanced over at her father and Nasiir for confirmation. Both grinning males nodded. “Oh,” she said, feeling self-conscious now as realization set in.
Badru and Nasiir burst out laughing. 
Xander only chuckled. “Is that all you have to say now? Oh?” He bent to plant a light kiss upon her ear. The citrus smell of her caressed his nostrils in a most delectable way. It made Xander long for this mission to be over and done with even more. 
“No. I still want to know if you were successful at closing the door to the past. Roni doesn’t seem like the type to give up without a fight to me,” Afua said, persevering beyond her embarrassment.   
A now smiling Roni stepped forward and answered that question for Xander. “He was ninety percent successful. I still had it in my mind to try to convince him at least one more time before I left.” 
“What put him over the top? What made you change your mind?” Afua asked, feeling less threatened by the woman now. Something about Roni had softened with her smile.
“You.” Roni pointed to the taller woman, whom she was starting to like more and more the longer she stayed in her presence.
“Me?” Afua asked, hoping the woman didn’t think she was actually going to physically assault her a few minutes ago. But then again, Afua’s emotions had been pretty high then.
“Yes, you. When you came in here full of righteous indignation, almost glowing with the light of the Creator upon you, I knew I had lost Xander forever. My only comfort is the fact that I lost him to a worthy opponent,” Roni said, conceding defeat and revealing that trademark pride of hers at the same time. The same pride that was partly responsible for her going back to Katan alone[iii], without being mated.
Suddenly a voice from the northeast entrance said, “If you all are finished here, I would like to suggest that we get something to eat. I am hungrier than two lions and I just might start eating Dr. Karson here.” When they all turned to look at Nasiir, they found him now in the form of a huge lion. 
Badru yipped and scurried away from him in fright. 
“Nasiir, play nice.” Afua laughed as she went to pat his thick lion’s mane. Because of Nasiir, the usually serious woman was laughing more and more these days. Being deliriously in love helped to loosen her up, too.
While Afua and Nasiir playfully chided Badru for running away, Roni turned to Xander and said, “I have never seen you look happier. I think she is going to make you a great wife.”
Xander smiled and nodded. “I know she is.”
________________________________________
[i]  Acts 9:15
[ii]  1 Thessalonians 5:21
[iii]  Proverbs 29:23 



Chapter 29 
2188 - October    
Xander and his team of three sat at the round shulchan and went over the final details of their plan. With the presidential election only weeks away, it was now or never to move against Jay.
Even though Xander had wanted to be the one to confront his birth parents’ killer, it had been mutually agreed upon that he would not reveal himself to Jay at all now. Doing so would incite all kinds of questions about his background. Questions that none of them were willing to answer. Neither was Earth ready for those answers just yet.
However, Xander would be the one to upload and broadcast copies of select H-NASA documents that he and Badru had covertly commandeered during their summer tours at the space center. A few other documents would also be uploaded as evidence.
It was finally agreed that Badru would be the one to confront Jay. He would do it with Nasiir at his side, while Xander and Afua watched the festivities over the air waves like everyone else. 
Badru actually volunteered to confront Jay before Xander. Not only did he have a personal score to settle with the man, but ever since Nasiir revealed Tuhfa’s prophecy about an Earth friend becoming hurt almost to the point of death, Badru could not let the young folks make that sacrifice.
Dr. Karson had lived a good life, loved a good wife, and raised a wonderful child. He deemed it only fair that he be the one to put himself in harm’s way. The others had a lot more living to do yet. Besides, Tuhfa’s prophecy did not say that Badru would die, which meant that he would survive the attempt on his life. There was comfort to be taken in that.
“Where is Jay now?” Badru asked, ready to face his longtime enemy.
“At his lakeside home in Virginia. We have the exact coordinates of that location, so you should not have any problem transporting there,” Xander replied. “Speaking of transporting, are you well-versed with your device now?”
Badru nodded. “Yes, Nasiir trained Afua and me on the proper way to use our transporters.” As of now they both knew how to either type in or speak in coordinates to any place they wanted to go in this galaxy or the next.
“Very good.” Xander stole a glance at his future bride, whose face looked just as solemn as the rest of them. They all couldn’t wait for this mission to be over.
“Will Jay be alone? Or will there be others to contend with?” Badru asked.
Nasiir answered this time. “As a bird, I checked the perimeter thoroughly from every angle. As a mouse, I overheard the Horrells mentioning that they would be alone inside the house tonight, but that there would be guards posted on the grounds. The mode of defense will be shield. The modes of offense will be neuro-stunner and disintegrator as previously agreed upon.” Nasiir paused, looked at a wincing Afua, and added, “The disintegrator will only be used for extreme circumstances.”
Afua smiled and released a loud sigh of relief. “Thank God.” 
The young prophetess was not a fan of violence in any form. Yet if a weapon had to be used, she preferred using one that a person could actually recover from. The neuro-stunner was such a weapon. Its primary function was to render a person temporarily speechless and immobile by affecting the frontal and temporal lobes of the cerebrum. 
Furthermore, the person remained conscious the whole time and would regain full use of his/her body within two hours. Whereas the disintegrator zapped a person into thousands of tiny molecules, killing them instantly.
“I will neutralize everyone at the lake house, except for Jay, while the meeting is being broadcast. This way, the wife and the bodyguards will be restrained from rushing in to try to stop the inevitable,” Nasiir continued. “I will also stay close to Dr. Karson in order to encompass him with my shield.” 
Unlike transporters which could easily adjust to any person’s molecular makeup, Katanian shields had to be personally fitted and made through a meticulous process. There had not been enough time to have one done for Badru. However, as long as he stood at least ten feet of Nasiir he would be protected, as well.  
“Speaking of your shield, when was the last time you checked it? Because at some point my father is supposed to get severely hurt today and I don’t understand why. Especially with all the precautions that are being taken,” Afua said. Even now she couldn’t understand why God had not shown her more specifics about this matter. 
All Afua had heard in her spirit was: ‘Fear not, stand still, and see the salvation of the Lord which He will show you this day. Hold on to your faith, for you will never see this particular enemy again’.[i] 
Nasiir’s mother hadn’t even been told which Earthling it would be. That puzzled Afua even more.
“All equipment has been thoroughly checked several times by myself and Nasiir. It is all operational,” Xander replied, choosing to answer for his Hekiman friend. “Though I am also confused about how your father will get hurt with all the measures we’ve put in place, I do know that we have done all we know to do to insure his safety,” he continued. Inwardly, Xander wished that he could be on the front lines with his friends. But he was needed behind the scenes for this part of the mission.
“Well, like your birth mother used to say, our best is all we can ever do,” Badru told Xander. “With all that said, let us begin our adventure in faith.”
~~~ >< ~~~
It was now twilight, the moment in time when day was just starting to turn into night. The Virginia skyline had an array of blues, oranges, violets, and a solitary streak of deep purple in it. Even the sky seemed ready for change.
Nasiir and Badru waited until the Horrells were in the house alone before materializing in one of the unoccupied guest rooms. Nasiir had already neutralized the guards outside while in the form of a squirrel. 
In order to neutralize Mrs. Horrell, he would transform into an exact likeness of the Horrells’ Persian cat, which was in the kitty room just across the hall. Taking no less than a minute to transport to that room to neutralize the cat, Nasiir passed by a particular closed guest room door and meowed. That was a signal to Badru to let him know that all was well so far. 
Moving to the master suite, Nasiir tarried outside the door until Jay exited the room. It was no surprise to him when the man stuck out a black pant leg and tried to kick him as he walked past. Many wicked men were cruel to everyone, including their animals.[ii] Fortunately, Nasiir’s reflexes were excellent and he was able to avoid that intended kick.
“Honestly, Jay. Franko has done no wrong to you today,” Adrasteia complained. She motioned for her beloved pet to leap upon her lap as she sat on the small cushioned bench at the foot of the bed. This was as close as she’d come to raising a child of her own. Especially since Jay didn’t even want them to adopt.
Jay paused in the doorway and looked back. “That was for last week when he scratched up my favorite sweater.” He’d never wanted a pet of any kind. Yet he consented to a cat for his wife when public polls showed that having one made a president seem more caring. Jay desperately wanted to appear more caring, even if he wasn’t.
“Must you always remember a suffered wrong?” Adrasteia asked.
“Yes. No one offends me and gets away with it,” Jay replied with cold anger in his eyes.
Adrasteia felt a chill ripple through her at those biting words. She remained silent as Jay walked away. In all the years they’d been married, she had not crossed him once because of that cold, calculating anger he had hidden deep within. 
Yes, they’d had little spats over the years, but Adrasteia was usually the one to always give in to him. Usually the first and only one to say ‘I’m sorry’. Jay never apologized for anything. Since he always deemed himself as the one in the right, he never felt he had to. 
Whether Adrasteia knew it or not, Jay had married her for three simple reasons. She was from a prestigious family, was just as shallow as him, and was very accommodating to his will. Unlike Juna, who’d seemed shallow and accommodating for years only to one day reveal a depth of spirit and a will of steel that had been highly stimulating, yet highly irritating at the same time. Jay never was able to break either one. 
With Franko now firmly on her lap, Adrasteia began to stroke his thick shaded silver fur. Usually that soothed her, but today it rendered her motionless…completely and utterly motionless. 
What?!
Adrasteia literally could not feel her arms or her legs now. And her tongue felt too heavy to move. Am I having a stroke? she wondered as ‘Franko’ leaped off her lap. She had been under a lot more stress lately. 
Maybe I’m losing my mind, too, Adrasteia mused as she helplessly watched her cat leap up to the television on the wall and turn it on. He’d never done that before.
“I thought you might want to see the show, Mrs. Horrell,” Nasiir said, before running his paw over the hidden transporter collar at his neck. He made a mental note to tell the others that he’d smelled Lakota’s bloodline in Adrasteia’s veins, which meant that somehow the two women were related.
Yes, I am definitely losing my mind, Adrasteia thought as she then watched her talking cat vanish into thin air.
Appearing in the room where a waiting Badru was, Nasiir said only three words, “It is time.” Then he transformed back into Doberman form and prepared to lead this particular Earth friend into battle.
________________________________________
[i]  Exodus 14:13
[ii]  Proverbs 12:10 



Chapter 30 
In the country-blue and white kitchen, Jay hummed a happy tune as he prepared to fix himself a salami and mustard sandwich on rye. Once upon a time, this type of sandwich was a part of everyday life. Now it was a delicacy. A delicacy that Jay enjoyed as often as he wished. Even if the rest of the world went hungry, he’d still make sure he had the fixings for a salami and mustard sandwich on rye.
“Still eating unhealthy foods, huh? It’s a wonder you’re still alive,” Badru said from his standing position behind the white-topped oak island in the center of the room.
“What the…?” Jay dropped the salami roll in his hands and turned away from the wooden carving block and knife he’d been about to use. “How did you get in here?” He glared at Badru, only briefly noticing the large dog with him. 
So focused on his longtime enemy, Jay missed the small electronic device that shot from the dog’s mouth up to the ceiling. With a brief press of a button at Nasiir’s paw, this covert meeting was now traveling all over the world’s airwaves.
“It’s a secret,” Badru replied. “But then again, you know all about keeping secrets, don’t you, Jay?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Red spots began to appear in Jay’s cheeks, deepening the freckles there. 
“Yes, you do,” Badru replied, noting the color changes in the other man’s face. “Remember the secret virus you planted in the last satellite message to the Mannings? The same smart virus that attacked the spacecraft’s mainframe on their way home and made it impossible for them to return to Earth safely.”
“I still don’t know what you’re talking about,” Jay lied, maintaining his innocence even now. For all he knew Badru could be part of an undercover sting. How else could he have gotten past his bodyguards and into his home? Perhaps even Adrasteia was in on it. She had been acting funny lately.
“Yes, you do. On the day my daughter was born, you were called upon to assist with the satellite message in my absence. You knew I’d be out of the office all day and probably wouldn’t be able to double check the message before it was sent. Thus you used that time to sabotage the Mannings’ mission,” Badru continued.
“Never did such a thing,” Jay contended. He suddenly became very aware of the dog in their presence when Nasiir growled. As a result, Jay secretly reached behind him for the knife on the counter.
“Oh, but you did. But what you didn’t know was that this particular virus had a way of telling on its creator. Like all vegetation points towards the sun, that smart virus pointed to its creator by holding within it the time, date, and computer ID from which it was created.”
Jay turned even redder in the face. Yet he remained silent in order not to jeopardize his career goals in any way. If his high-priced lawyers were here, they would have advised him to do that very same thing.
“Although your virus was created on the computer that I normally used, it was done during the hours that I was at the hospital coaching my wife through her delivery. My daughter’s birth certificate can verify that, as well. If H-NASA had only investigated deep enough, they would have found this out.” Badru smirked. “But you made sure that didn’t happen, didn’t you? You made sure the investigation was called off before the real truth came out.”
“Don’t try to blame me for your incompetence,” Jay retorted as his anger rose. “Now get out of my home before I call the police!” He tried to bring a swift end to this conversation just in case it was being heard by others. He could not afford to have his enemies use this information to thrust his bid for the presidency, even at this late date. 
Jay still had no idea that every television set, every radio, electronic billboard, and every other communication device all over the English-speaking world was receiving this broadcast.
Seeing that his enemy was not going to loosen his lips without the right kind of provocation, Badru tried another approach. “I’m leaving, but before I go, I think you need to know that Juna knew exactly who sabotaged their mission before she died.”
“How would you know that? All reports say that they died in space.” Jay was waiting on the man to reveal that Juna and Elexander were still alive somewhere and had raised their son after all. How else could one explain the Elexander look-alike he’d seen pictures of?
Badru shook his head disapprovingly. “That’s another reason I never wanted you on my team. You never paid enough attention to the small details. Those reports only indicated that the Mannings launched their testament pod in space before they died. They didn’t say that they actually died in space. If you had paid even closer attention to the reports, you would have seen that the launch date of the pod was months after their departure from Nico-1. Therefore, Elexander and Juna would have had time to figure out exactly who sabotaged their mission home.”
“No!” Jay bellowed, clenching the knife behind his back tighter. “Juna died believing only the best of me!”
“She died finally seeing you for the monster that you really are!” Badru retorted. “She also died still deeply in love with another man. Juna must have mentioned how much she loved Elexander at least twenty times in her digital will.”
“Juna was deceived by his brilliance. She didn’t really love him. She loved me.” Jay didn’t care if the whole world heard him now. 
If only he knew that half the world was listening to him, and very intently at that. At this very moment, traffic had stopped all over the United States and even in other English-speaking countries as they all waited on pins and needles to see what would happen next.
~~~ >< ~~~
“As you say on Earth, he is about to lose it completely now,” Xander said concerning Jay. Like countless other viewers, he and Afua had watched this significant meeting between old enemies from the first second it aired. They watched from the monitors in the control room.  
“I know,” Afua said through clenched teeth as she stood to her feet. She couldn’t sit still any longer while her father was in harm’s way. As a result, she got up and began to pace the floor in the circular room.
“You’re the deceived one,” Afua heard her father say. “You actually thought that Elexander took Juna away from you. You have no idea that you would have lost her anyway.” 
“You lie!” Jay growled like an animal. “Juna would have never left me, if it had not been for him messing with her head, convincing her that her life with me was without meaning.”
Badru scoffed. “Juna had come to that conclusion all by herself. In fact, she was ready to kill herself the night she met Elexander. If it hadn’t been for the Lord saving her and sending Elexander her way, she would have died over thirty years ago instead of twenty.” 
Without even looking at the monitor, Afua knew when Jay went over the edge. It was in the cold hardness of his voice as he said, “You should have died with the rest of your friends.”
“Which friends are those?” Badru asked. “The Mannings? All my associates working on the Nico-1 mission? Or my wife? All whose deaths you are personally responsible for!” His nostrils flared at the memory of all those he’d lost to such evil. 
Jay’s face actually looked demonic in nature now. He growled again, yet no words came out this time.
Dr. Karson continued, despite the appearance of pure evil in front of him. No doubt Jay had been demon possessed for years. “But those aren’t the only deaths that were going to be on your head, were they, Mr. Vice President? No, because once you became President, you were going to take over the whole world, killing anyone that stood in your way. Then you were going to turn the world’s space program into a mad conquering machine in order to systemically take over other planets, too.” 
Badru laughed. “But not now. Now the whole world will know your evil plans, because this conversation has been aired from the moment I entered this room. Now you will be stopped once and for all!”
Realizing that his plans had been utterly exposed though he knew not how, Jay actually roared out his rage at this point. Then he prepared to do another unthinkable thing in front of millions of viewers.
Simultaneously, Afua pressed the button on her transporter and vanished from the spacecraft. She could not stand back and let another parent die without doing something to prevent it. Something now, not later!



Chapter 31 
Xander could not believe his eyes as he watched Afua’s purple-clad figure suddenly appear on the monitor. Fortunately, she materialized near the doorway of Jay’s kitchen so most viewers would not be able to tell if she’d appeared out of thin air or simply entered from another room. 
Unfortunately, Afua ran and leaped in front of her father just as Jay threw a large knife at him. Instead of Badru, the knife found her midriff and sunk in deep. With a look of shock, followed by one of realization, Afua dropped to the floor in a heap. 
“No!” Xander yelled, pressing buttons on his transporter as fast as his fingers would go. 
Why did they ever teach Afua how to use a transporter? 
Why didn’t she obey the Lord and just stand still? God’s salvation would have come. He promised it would!
Xander would upload his file of documented evidence at a later time. Right now he had to get to Afua. 
~~~ >< ~~~
Meanwhile, Jay, Nasiir, and Badru were speechless for different reasons at the sudden appearance of Afua. Jay, because he’d just seen someone materialize out of nowhere. Nasiir, because speech from him at this moment would expose him and ultimately his people to a world that wasn’t ready for them. Badru was speechless because he just realized who it was that was destined to be hurt today.
Rushing over to his daughter, a grief-stricken Badru held her limp body in his arms. “Oh, Afua. Why didn’t you stay put, baby girl?” It pained him to his heart to see her so unresponsive, even though it had been prophesied that she would make it. If Badru hadn’t had that word of comfort to hold on to right now, he would have surely thought she was dying from all the blood leaking out of her side.  
Simultaneously, Xander appeared in a kneeling position under the large oval-shaped kitchen table. That was done to hide his sudden appearance from plain view. It was also done because that was near where Afua had fallen.
Meanwhile, a quick thinking Nasiir directed the overhead camera via a control device planted within his right paw to focus solely upon Jay now. The close-up of Jay revealed shock and horror as his wide eyes took in the most incredible things. 
Jay couldn’t believe that he was now staring at Elexander’s look-alike. He’d been hunting this man for weeks and now here he was, right there in his very own kitchen. That man’s entrance couldn’t have been more unbelievable.
Jay watched speechless as that same look-alike scooped Badru’s wounded daughter up in his arms and disappeared with her as if they both had never even been there. If Afua’s blood wasn’t pooled upon the blue and white kitchen tiles and blotted upon Badru’s brown shirt, Jay would have thought he imagined the whole thing. It all still seemed like a dream. A very bad dream. 
Even now Jay couldn’t shake the menacing look Elexander’s look-alike gave him right before he left. If the girl had not needed acute medical attention, Jay was convinced that the Greek-looking man would have killed him on the spot. He shuddered at that thought.
“That is the last person you will hurt that I love.” Badru stood to his feet. 
With Afua safely with Xander, Dr. Karson lunged across the island that separated him from his enemy. His hands were in clench mode. His intent was to choke the life out of Jay and rid the world of him once and for all. 
Yet Badru would never make it to the shocked man. Someone else wanted to take care of Jay[i]. A very powerful Someone else.
Suddenly, the Horrells’ lake house began to shake. It wasn’t a small shaking that gradually increased. This shaking started big from the very beginning and seemed prepared to disturb the house clear down to its very foundation. 
Soon a large crack appeared in the kitchen floor, separating the righteous from the unrighteous. Badru and Nasiir stood on one side and held on to the sturdy island. Jay stood on the other, doing his best to stay away from the crack, even to the point of climbing upon the countertop. He was nearly in the wide sink now. 
Meanwhile, the crack continued to get wider and wider until it seemed as if it would completely divide the house in sunder. Jay screamed in terror with each expansion. His mind began to fray at the edges as he sensed the inevitable. 
Worse, there was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. Jay had crossed the wrong Person. He never felt more alone in his life. Even the gang of evil spirits that had possessed him and empowered him[ii] for years had abandoned him by now.
Though that crack in the kitchen floor did not divide the house, it did stop just wide enough for a particular purpose. That purpose would be shortly revealed as Badru, Nasiir, and most of the world watched as another powerful earthquake thrust a terrified Jay into the crack. 
Simultaneously, a thick flame of fire rose from the abyss and lit upon the wicked man. Completely engulfed in flames, the screaming man tumbled downward, downward into a tormenting place.[iii] The ground moved only once more after that as it slammed closed upon Jay with a satisfied groan.
Even though Badru’s eyes were wide, he was not nearly as shocked as the rest of the world. After being around Xander and Nasiir for months, not to mention living with a prophetic daughter, he was rapidly becoming used to extraordinary occurrences.
Thinking of his daughter now, Badru turned to the monitoring device on the ceiling and announced the following to the English-speaking world, “As you have just seen, Jay Horrell met with a most appropriate end for all of his crimes against the Mannings, my family, and people everywhere. As for the things you witnessed today, I will be glad to talk to you about those at a later time. Right now I have to see about my daughter.” 
With those words, Nasiir switched the monitoring device off with a swipe of his paw. With another swipe, the device dislodged from the ceiling and returned to him. Then together, Nasiir and Badru used their transporters to return to the spacecraft. 
~~~ >< ~~~
Meanwhile, Adrasteia remained in the master suite, still unable to move, still unable to speak. Yet she could see and thus she continued to watch the television monitor, which was now filling up with news reports to discuss what nearly everyone in the world had seen. 
Tears dropped from Adrasteia’s cheeks to her red and black blouse. They had been coming out of her eyes for a while now as the reality of her husband’s wickedness continued to sink in. In the background, she could hear the house phone start to ring. A persistent knocking began at the front door.
Adrasteia wouldn’t be able to answer the phone or the door for another hour and ten minutes. Even if she could move, she wouldn’t go to either one, for on the other end of that phone and on the other side of that door was nothing but further heartache and sorrow for her.
________________________________________
[i]  Exodus 14:14
[ii]  Luke 8:29-30 
[iii]  Numbers 16:25 -35 



Chapter 32 
Back on the ship, Badru and Nasiir entered Xander’s well-lit cabin. Afua lay on a flat surgical shulchan that had been hidden within one of the storage cabinets in the walls, along with all the necessary medical equipment. That was further evidence of just how much thought had gone into building this spacecraft. 
Xander nodded to his friends just as he was sewing Afua’s wound closed with tiny sutures. It had taken nerves of steel and the use of every medical procedure he’d learned on Katan to operate on her. Yet Xander had done it. He’d done it well. However, he had not done it alone.
While using diamond-shaped Katanian body scanners to determine the extent of Afua’s injuries, Xander had seen angels posted from corner to corner in the room.[i] They all looked ready to pounce on any trace of evil that dared show up during Afua’s most vulnerable state. Especially now that the moment of disobedience had passed. 
On top of all that, Xander saw bright rays of light literally coming from the anointed woman’s body. It was obvious that the Creator was most definitely working some things out within Afua and on her behalf.
Despite the fact that Afua had been disobedient by running to her father’s rescue, God had not marked that iniquity permanently against her[ii]. Instead he’d extended forgiveness and mercy as evident by the fact that most of her vital organs had been protected. And the ones that had suffered damage seemed to miraculously heal right before Xander’s very eyes. 
There was no doubt in his mind that all Afua would have to remind her of this act of disobedience was a long scar. Fortunately, she could easily have that removed by either Earth technology or Katanian.
“How is she?” Badru asked, perusing his daughter’s still, yet breathing figure on the shulchan. He looked years older with worry.
Xander secured the last stitch and lifted his head with a smile. “We all know that she will survive, but I predict Afua will make a full and speedy recovery.” The smiles of the ascending angels seemed to testify of that fact.
A now much younger-looking Badru fell to his knees and praised God for saving his daughter’s life and countless others, and for removing Jay’s evil from the world. 
Nasiir, who had returned to his true form by now and had finally seen angels for himself upon entering Xander’s cabin, praised God for the same things as Badru. Except he threw in an extra report of praise. For now that the Earth mission was nearing an end, Nasiir could finally go home to Pendo. That alone was much to praise about. 
Badru and Nasiir would not be the only people on the floor sending up high praises to a most Holy God who heals and delivers. Xander joined them right after placing electronic monitoring tags upon Afua’s torso to keep track of her progress. 
~~~ >< ~~~
Afua woke up two days later back in her own room at the homestead. Even though she felt as if she’d been run over by a truck, the fact that she was still alive made even that level of pain tolerable. 
“I have been waiting to see those beautiful eyes again.” Xander moved into Afua’s view from where he’d been standing by the northern window. He’d been looking at the orange and blue setting of another Earth day. 
“How long have I been out?” Afua asked, attempting to sit up in the queen sized bed. The purple comforter she was currently covered with had been purchased by her fiancé.
“Do not sit up yet, beloved. It is too soon for you to be moving around,” Xander replied, stilling her movements with his right hand before answering her question. “You have been in and out of consciousness for forty-eight hours. You were talking in tongues some of that time, but today was the first day you have actually opened your eyes.”
Afua nodded. She wasn’t surprised that her spirit man took over while her body was weak. After all, the spirit of a person will sustain him/her in sickness.[iii] However, she was surprised that her father was not here. 
“How did our plan go and where is my father?” Afua hoped he wasn’t in jail for killing Jay Horrell. She wanted to tell Badru that she’d finally forgiven herself for what happened with her mother. 
Trying to save her father had reminded Afua that she was not God. That as a human being, she was subject to make mistakes at times. Which was the main reason she needed a forgiving Savior. The reason they all did.
Speaking of Afua’s mother, Daisy’s picture was back on her bedroom wall. The Gladwins had brought all those things back as soon as they saw lights on at the Karson house.   
“Our plan was very successful. It did what it was destined to do. As for Dr. Karson and Nasiir, they are holding press conferences at a local hotel in order to keep the crowds away from the house. Though your father prudently stated that you were recovering nicely at an undisclosed location, he didn’t want the media to come here anyway to disturb you or your neighbors. However, he and Nasiir have been at the house via transporter every chance they get.” Xander moved to the eastward placed wicker nightstand, where a pitcher and drinking glass sat. “Would you like some spring water? It’s the flavor of Katanian orange.” 
Afua nodded. “Yes, please.” Then when she had taken several long sips from the straw he’d put to her mouth, she started in with the questions again. “How are things going with the media?”
Xander returned the glass to the nightstand and sat down in the wicker chair on the right side of the bed. “It is going very well for us with all the documented evidence we presented. Some of that evidence includes the things Nasiir retrieved from Jay’s home and office while he was there destroying any references to my presence on Earth. However, it is not going so well for Jay’s associates. There is even talk of postponing the presidential election this year.”
“This is serious. America has never postponed a presidential election before,” Afua said. 
“In light of all that had been revealed about Jay Horrell and his associates it seems extremely wise to do so. Especially since reports are surfacing that the election itself had been corrupted. After witnessing the earth swallow Jay alive, people from all over the nation are repenting and coming forth with news that they had been paid to rig the electronic voting system so that Jay would win no matter how the people voted.” 
“Wow! God really is awesome,” Afua replied in reference to the unique demise of the wicked. “Like a house of cards, everything that Jay established is falling down.” She shook her head sadly. “Too bad so many others are going to be taken down with him. And this is just the beginning.”
 Xander shrugged. “I imagine most of them are just glad that the ground didn’t swallow them up, too. I am sure they will find that man’s judgment is much more tolerable than the Creator’s.” 
Even Mrs. Horrell seemed content to be in the asylum that authorities committed her to after hearing her refer to a talking cat that paralyzed her. Incidentally, Adrasteia was the only one that Xander, Nasiir, and Badru had any sympathy for. Afua seemed to have enough sympathy to spread around for all the misguided souls from Jay’s life as evidenced by her next comments. 
“Even still we must fast and pray for them. That they all repent and come to a saving knowledge of Christ,” Afua said, feeling stronger by the minute.
Xander smiled, extremely comforted by her fiery spirit. It was a sign that she was feeling better. He was pleased by that. Very pleased.
“We will pray all we want, beloved, but the fasting will have to come later.” Xander reached for her hand. “You need to regain your full strength first.”
Afua chuckled. “You’re right.” Then she had an idea. “But I do believe I have enough strength for one other thing, maybe two.” 
“What two things are those?” Xander asked, noting her mischievous smile. That was a definite sign that she was getting better.
“Thing one is a big juicy kiss for my future husband,” Afua said, licking her lips already in anticipation. “Thing two you’ll just have to wait and see since I’m going to need a phone for that.”
Xander chuckled and leaned towards her. “I am ready to work on thing one any time you are, beloved.” 
________________________________________
[i]  Psalm 34:7; 91:11
[ii]  Psalm 130:3-4
[iii]  Proverbs 18:14



Epilogue 
2189 - January
Afua was wed on her sick bed. After calling her pastor with her unique request, she then contacted her father at the hotel where he was conducting meetings. This way, Badru and Nasiir could attend the bedside ceremony within the hour. 
Xander was more than pleasantly surprised by Afua’s actions. When the pastor asked for his full name, he gave a surprise of his own by stating that his name was Xander Manning. 
Xander said that surname with such pride that it was obvious that he was honored to bear the name of his birth parents. Afua felt honored to bear that name, as well. From all she’d heard about the Mannings, they were wonderful people. They’d certainly impacted several planets for the better.
Now that Afua had finally regained all of her strength, she and Xander headed to Hekima (Nico-1) for a quiet honeymoon. Nasiir and his pregnant wife Pendo welcomed them to the planet with open arms. Nasiir’s parents did, too. 
Afua had already met Xander’s adopted family when they transported inside of the Karson home back in early November. She liked them all instantly, especially Noam, who couldn’t seem to stop hugging her. 
The whole time Afua was on Hekima, she thought about how it truly was like the Garden of Eden. The weather was exactly the same every day and a mist went up from the ground to water the vegetation[i]. She and Xander had the time of their lives there. 
On their last night on Hekima, Mother Tuhfa requested a private audience with Afua. “Nine Earth months from now you will have a child,” the mature buck said as they walked in the same garden that she and Juna had communed in so long ago. It did Tuhfa’s heart good to finally be able to talk with an Earth woman, instead of just nodding and cuddling at all the right times.
Afua nodded in acceptance of Mother Tuhfa’s words. Upon their first meeting she’d sensed a kindred spirit in the mature Hekiman. Therefore, she didn’t doubt anything the wise buck said. 
“Will it be healthy?” Afua asked, recalling how her mother had been prone to miscarriages and stillbirths. She was the only child that had survived Daisy’s turbulent womb.
Tuhfa nodded and inched closer to rub her head against the Earth woman’s legs. “It will be very healthy. So there is no need to fret about your womb rejecting it or causing it to die before the time.”
Afua smiled with enormous relief upon her face. “Has the Holy One revealed the gender? Or am I to use equipment to find this out?”
Tuhfa chuckled. “It will be a son, eager one.”
Afua laughed and stroked the thick brown fur of the mature buck. “I am a bit eager to start a family. It’s like I’ve been holding all this love inside for so long, afraid to let it out. And then wham! I suddenly want to love on everybody. The more the merrier.”
“Well, you will definitely have a lot of healthy children to love. I will see at least five of them before I go the way of my ancestors.” Tuhfa failed to mention that her loving mate of many years would precede her in death one year before that time. She didn’t deem it necessary to reveal Sudi’s fate. 
Afua suddenly turned serious. “You and your mate’s end will be peaceful, without any pain whatsoever.” She spoke in a sure tone. She, too, kept her spiritual ears open for fresh words out of the Master’s mouth. 
Tuhfa looked up and smiled at the extremely discerning Earth woman. “I know. I look forward to holding face to face conversations with the Creator when that day comes.”
Afua’s smile returned. “Until then I promise to come visit you often so you and I can have more face to face conversations like this.”
“I look forward to those, too,” Tuhfa said, just as Xander and Nasiir walked up. Pendo was too heavy with child to travel much these days.
After they all said their farewells, Xander finally took his bride to their new home on Katan. They had a shipload of Bibles to carry back with them. Some had already been given to the Hekimans. 
Though the young Mannings had chosen not to live on Earth, they would frequent it several times a year. Not just to visit Badru, but also to teach everyday people about many spiritual things. Things like how truly powerful words are[ii], especially the Word of God when it is applied by faith to our lives. Xander and Afua plan to continue doing this until the risen Savior returns. 
Back on Earth, Badru continued to help America rebuild. He did not do it by allowing them to talk him into running for president in the delayed January election. He did it by using some of the older Mannings’ research in order to show scientists of America, and all over the world, how to best cultivate and expand the farmland they still had.
Badru, now a world proclaimed hero, was quite content living a simple life in the swamp. His honor had been restored. His daughter was healed, happily married, and expecting her first child. That was enough for Badru. Well…almost enough.
Lately Badru had been thinking about remarrying. He already had someone in mind – Adrasteia’s sister, Nikoleta. He met her while taking Lakota and her new husband to visit Adrasteia at a Virginia asylum. 
Needless to say, Badru and Nikoleta hit it off immediately. Now he is headed for his own happily ever after.   
 
The End
________________________________________
[i]  Genesis 2:6
[ii]  Proverbs 18:21; Hebrews 4:12



Author's Notes:
I thought you might enjoy knowing what some of the names and other terms mentioned in the book meant.
Name Meanings and Other Terms
Hebrew and Biblical Names:
·      Freyde – Joy.
·      Gamaliel – benefit of God.
·      Karmeli – my vineyard.
·      Noam – sweetness, friendship.
·      Ezra – help.
·      Roni – my song, my joy.
·      Katan – small.
·      Paneh – face.
·      Daniel – God is my judge.
·      Kicce – chair.
·      Mittah – bed.
·      Shulchan – table.
·      Marah – looking glass, mirror.
·      Eres – couch, sofa. 
African Names:
·      Tuhfa – a gift.
·      Sudi- good fortune.
·      Badru – born at the full moon.
·      Nasiir – helper.
·      Pendo – love.
·      Afua – forgiveness.
·      Hekima – clever, wise.
·      Matu – the clouds.
Other name meanings:
·      Xander – derived from Alexander (Elexander), which means ‘defending men’ in Greek.
·      Jay – greedy, great chatterer.
·      Horrell – where we hang felons.
·      Juna – derived from Arjuna which means ‘white’ in Sanskrit.
·      Lakota – friend.
·      Adrasteia – feminine form of Adrastos, which means ‘not inclined to run away’ in Greek.
·      Nikoleta – from the Greek name Nickolas, which means ‘victory of the people’.
·      Era – means ‘mistress, lady’ in Latin.
·      Harshal – means ‘happy’ in Sanskrit.
·      Elmo – an Italian name, means ‘helmet’ or ‘protection’.
·      Eyota – Native-American name, means ‘the greatest’.

