Android and the Werewolf

by Christopher D. Carter, © 2018

Text and Illustration Copyright © 2018 Christopher D. Carter
All Rights Reserved
Also by Christopher Carter available at ebook retailers:
Uncanny Tales of Crush and Pound 1 – 5 (Book 1)
Uncanny Tales of Crush and Pound 6 – 12 (Book 2)
Uncanny Tales of Crush and Pound Annual 3 & 13 – 21 (Book 3)
Uncanny Tales of Crush and Pound Annual 1 & 2
Caught in the Neuse

Children’s Books
When Kitty Came to Visit

Discover other titles by Christopher D. Carter at
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/SawdustEntertainment
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Epilogue
Lofindran Language
About the Author

Chapter 1
*
I woke up this morning, and I finally realized the hard truth, that there is no sunrise outside the window of my room.  Nope, I can’t decide if it’s morning without an alarm to tell me that it’s 6:00 a.m. on Earth.  I look out the porthole next to the couch I’ve been sleeping on, and all I see is darkness.  Yep, that’s how it looks in the morning, at noon, and at night.  I can’t complain too much though, because it’s my own stupid fault I’m here.  The captain says we will find our way back home, that there is hope of seeing the Sun again, but right now, all I see out my window is the black of nothingness.
Let me tell you our story . . .
**********
Earth, December 24, 2094
“I can’t even believe it!  A chunk of gold eight times the size of the planet earth!” she thought to herself.
It was Christmas Eve, and Kerry Gainsmore sat on the corner of the built-in bench beneath her window, looking out at the stars in the night sky.  “That’s enough treasure to change my life for good!” she said to herself as she watched one of the stars suddenly twinkle brightly in the cold night sky.  The window was in the dormer of her bedroom on the second floor of the old farm house that she lived in with her older sister, and she had spent the better part of the last hour mesmerized by the stars that flickered in the night above the Badlands of South Dakota.
Daylight savings time had roped in the darkness an hour earlier, and night had fallen on the rolling plains at 7:00 pm.  By 9:00 pm, the stars filled the skies.  She had turned off all the lights in her bedroom, and she had blocked the gap at the bottom of the doorway with a thick blanket to keep out any light from downstairs where her sister was watching a holographic movie in the living room.  There were no houses anywhere near them for three miles in any direction, and there were no lights shining on the horizon that would detract from the lesser lights of the galaxies spanning the half-circle view from the Earth.  She could hear some of the music from the movie, but it didn’t distract her stargazing.
‘Kiss of the Malevolent Stranger’ was the name of the film her sister, Abby Gainsmore, was watching downstairs with her friend from work.  Her friend’s name was Harold Bonmot, and Abby had invited him over for dinner and a movie.  Abby filled her days as a paleontologist, and she was involved with a high profile dig concerning the skeletal remains of a wooly mammoth on the site of the Badlands National Park.  Harold was a fellow scientist who had just completed a year-long dig of the skeletal remains of an extinct short-faced bear that had also been unearthed in the same park.  He was finished with the government grant that had been his whole existence for the last twelve months, and he was clearing out of town, if you wanted to call a blinking caution light and a feed store a town, the following week.  Actually, the only real town that she knew of on the southwest side of the Badlands was a prairie dog town, and she doubted the prairie dogs would miss the company of Harold.
That wasn’t true for Abby.  Or for Kerry.  Still, no matter what the local wildlife thought, Abby wanted to spend some quality time with Harold before he left the park for the warmer climate of New Mexico.  Needless to say that night, Kerry was the unwanted third wheel.  As soon as she had finished inhaling her meal of sirloin steak and Idaho potatoes, the dinner of choice in southern South Dakota, she washed off her empty plate in the sink, put it in the drainer, and ran upstairs so she would not have to watch her sister suck face with Harold.  He was a splendidly average looking guy with a good bit of bulging muscles in his arms to accent his ordinariness, and she was infatuated with him almost as much as her older sister.  The last thing she wanted was to see her older sister smooching with him.  It diminished him somehow, and she wanted to remember Harold like he was the day Abby had introduced the two of them on the excavation site:  single.  Kerry liked him, too, but she was too young to compete for him, being a thirteen-year-old with acne and ever-changing mood swings, which she didn’t quite understand herself.
Sitting at the icy glass of the window, Kerry looked out at the vastness of the Milky Way.  The universe was so huge and filled with so many people, and yet, she felt so alone.  Her thoughts wandered to memories of her mother, and that made her feel even worse, if that was possible.  She missed her so much.  Four years earlier, her mother, Helen Gainsmore, had passed away as a result of a freak weather accident.  On the plains of South Dakota, the weather could change drastically in a matter of minutes, and late one spring day at the end of March, a cold front whipped through and dropped softball sized hail across the thawing grasslands.  Her mother had been walking out in the field, returning from replenishing the feed in the barn, when the sudden storm had struck.  A chunk of hail had fallen from the heavens and clobbered her mother in the temple on the left side of her head.  Just like that, Kerry and Abby were without a mother.
As much as she missed having her mother around, she could not say that she missed her father.  He hadn’t done anything wrong to her; it was just that she had never known him except by name and a few old photographs in an album.  Dale Gainsmore; the name was familiar to her, but there was no real attachment to the person.  His name was something that belonged to her sister more than to herself.  Like an old softball glove of Abby’s she had found in a drawer one time:  Kerry had put it on, and it fit on her hand, but she hadn’t been the one to catch the fly ball with it to win the all-star game.  The glove was important to Abby, and that made it special, but it was not a part of her own history.  The same was true of her father, Dale.  She recalled a picture of Dale and her mother with one teenage girl seated between them, but that girl had been her older sister.  Not her.  Her mom had gotten pregnant by accident, and then her father had gotten killed before she was born.  By accident.
What had happened to him?  Dale had died in a tractor accident on the backside of their small one hundred acre farm.  He had purchased a cheap tractor that he used to fill in prairie dog holes, and the tractor was an open seater and had no roll bar installed.  He had taken it out to the far side of the property one day to fill in holes so that the cattle would not step into the rodent pits and break their legs.  Instead, he had pushed on the brake too soon while going backward on an incline and had rolled the tractor over onto himself.  Kerry was told that he had returned from the chore in one of those cheap black plastic bags like the detectives used on the police shows.  When the funeral was all over with, their mother had parted ways with the tractor for nearly nothing just to get it out of her sight.
‘Cheap comes as cheap goes’ was what her mother had told her.  Kerry didn’t know what that meant, but it was something she had learned to say when nothing else would do.  Kind of like swearing, but without the four letter words that always got her into trouble in Sunday School.
Because of all of these accidents, Kerry made one mess of a mixed up child.  Sometimes circumstances in life couldn’t be helped, but they still gnawed at the back of her mind, like a rodent stuck behind the sheetrock.
She laid there quietly as time passed under the window, and her thoughts drifted to her uncle Rue.  Like Abby, Rue was digging around in search of himself.  Except, Rue had chosen to go to the stars to do his digging, leaving his two nieces behind in the Badlands to do their own soul searching.
Kerry sang to herself while she watched the stars shimmer in the big sky.  Space seemed to stretch a million miles as easily as it stretched a thousand.  She zeroed in on the point in space where her uncle had told her he was going to visit, to search for a golden planet, if such a thing even existed.  Treasure hunting seemed to be the conviction that drove both her sister and her uncle, the two most important people in her life, whether digging in the rocks of South Dakota or flying to far off galaxies.
She was hot in her upstairs room, and she opened the window of the dormer.  There was no screen to the outside, and she leaned out through the window and reached her index finger as far as it would go to touch the point in space where she thought Rue was.  A star twinkled at her fingertip, and she felt connected to her uncle somehow, though she knew she could not reach him.  Silly as it sounded, her arms were not long enough, but her love for him stretched across the universe to wherever he was.  She closed her eyes, and she made a wish on that star.  A wish for an adventure of her own.
While her eyes were closed, a bright flash of light streaked across the night sky.  A meteor, or something like it, crashed into the South Dakota plains.

Chapter 2
*
Andromeda System
On the giant view screen in the bar of the Green Dragon, the crew watched the two stars spin out of control until the blinding collision that had been years in the making finally occurred.
“Damn!” the captain said from his bar stool.  His elbows were on the aluminum counter, and he leaned in close to take in the historic event on the holographic display.
“Holy crap on a bronze toilet!” the chief engineer shouted.  It was an unusual swear for a bar fly, and the captain looked over at his subordinate with a raised eyebrow.  He had never heard that expression before Rue Rumfelt shouted it out.
“Bronze toilet?  What does that mean?” Captain Cribbs asked, and Rue looked at him vacantly.
“I don’t know.  I just thought of it.  Anyways, that was amazing!” the engineer shouted drunkenly and chased his words with a shot of Snailian vodka, a rather strong drink from a nearby asteroid belt made with slimy potatoes and aged in sea snail slime.  Rue swallowed the whole shot with one swig, and his Adam’s apple bobbed up and down.  Then his eyes crossed from the burn as the liquor slunk down his throat.  “Man, this stuff goes down hard and slow!  Whoo!  And Captain, we’re gonna be freakin’ rich!” he declared and pointed at the screen.
Up until that last sentence, Captain Marcus Cribbs had been preoccupied with the cataclysmic event that had just transpired on the view screen, and he hadn’t given much thought to the contemplations of his crew.  But when he heard the honest, unmistakable greed in his chief engineer’s voice, he sat his Pale Titan Ale, or PTA, down on the cold, metal counter with a sharp clink of the brown glass.
“Rue.  Did you just say ‘we’?” Cribbs asked calmly, and he pushed his elbows off the bar and swiveled his chair around so that he was facing Chief Engineer Rumfelt.
“Ah, Captain, it was just an expression.  You know I got no dibs on anything that comes out of that explosion.  Planet-sized chunks of gold, more than enough salvage for a million lifetimes, but it’s all yours,” Rue reassured the man in charge, and he placed his hand on the metal bar with a coin between his fingers.  He tumbled the coin across the backside of every finger, down one side of his hand to the other like a magician.  Then he flipped the coin in the air, caught it, slapped it down on the bar, and removed his hand.  The coin was gone.  The routine in which Rue called for a drink was unique, unlike anything Cribbs had ever seen before.  “Hit me again,” he told the head cook and bartender, Patsy Shield, behind the counter.
“Already?” Patsy said.  She was a pretty lady, average height with a kind smile most of the time.  She never cut her long hair while on a cruise, and she kept it braided up in a ponytail and stuffed down the back of her shirt.  She snatched the bottle of thick, viscous vodka and tilted the top over the shot glass to pour another round.  She stopped when Cribbs held up a hand in objection.   Patsy caught herself before a single drop hit the glass, and with the captain’s objection to the engineer’s request, she replaced the lid on the vodka and stuck the bottle of green liquor back on the shelf, at home with the others.  The shelf behind the bar was like a subdivision of liquors from all over the Milky Way, and the array of spirits looked way too tempting to the budding alcoholic that had taken up residence in Rue’s body.
“I think you’ve had enough of my liquor to last the rest of the voyage, young Rue,” Cribbs explained as he reached over and flipped Rue’s glass upside down on the counter.  “That’s the last bottle of Snailian I have left, and I want it to last until we get back to port on Specter.”
Specter was the eleventh planet in the Solar System, a planet that had only been discovered by accident when one of the satellite probes launched from earth in the mid-2000’s had become entangled in its atmosphere and crashed on the surface.  Cribbs had his home base set up on the dark side of the planet, and it was rumored that his base was full of hard-to-find collectible items from all over the known universe, and perhaps some from the unknown.  Rue had just recently signed on board, and this was his first voyage on the Green Dragon as a replacement for the last chief engineer.  He had never been to the base on Specter, and he did not know whether the other crew members aboard the Green Dragon had visited the captain’s base either, but he had asked a couple of them and gotten silence as an answer.  Apparently, discussion of the captain’s headquarters was a topic that was off limits during casual conversation, and he was going to have to stay aboard long enough to find out by going there himself.  If he kept pissing off the captain when he had had too much to drink though, he guessed that he would never get the invitation.
Rue pushed away from the bar and saluted Cribbs with a peace sign, and the captain nodded his dismissal.  Then Rue staggered out of the bar room and into the hallway.  The Green Dragon was large enough dimensionally to have a rotating outer ring of compartments for living space, shops, and entertainment.  In fact, the ship got its name from the circular tube that orbited the center.  It was green and had a dragon’s head painted on the outside, something the captain had thought up during his quiet time on Specter, Rue suspected.  Personally, he found the ship to be boring, thus, his frequent trips to the bar.  Tonight was no different, but Rue was feeling nauseous while he walked through the rounded hallway.  The world around him was spinning, and so was his stomach.  When he stopped and looked out of the port holes that lined the interior circumference of the giant hamster wheel, he could see the inner bearing of cargo holds and the engine room which made up the center hub of the massive ship.  The circular motion of the spinning wheel was hypnotic.  After the round of drinks he had just consumed, the last thing he needed to do was to look out of the windows, but it was such a difficult thing to resist, and he propped himself up against a railing and found himself looking out at the center of the ship.  He watched the body of the ship moving, and instantly, he felt as if he were standing sideways on an enormous Ferris wheel.
“Great,” he mumbled to himself as the contents of his stomach decided to bubble up his esophagus at that very moment.  He closed his eyes and clamped his mouth shut.  Sweat formed on his forehead, and he swallowed deeply.  He bent over and held onto the railing for stability because his knees were doing him no good at that moment.  His assigned room, which he shared with the senior technician Jessie, was halfway around the circle, and he was not so sure he could make it that far without losing his nutritious dinner of beef jerky, blue cheese, and vodka.  He would have to make his food choices a little wiser the next time that he decided to take five shots of hard liquor.
“Maybe sardines and Swiss the next time,” he said to himself.  The thought of swallowing a whole fish, eyeballs and all, made his dinner float up that much higher at the back of his mouth.  His eyes bulged, and he saw the window spinning in his peripheral vision.  Once everything around him was turning, that was it; dinner flew out onto the perforated metal of the hallway floor.  Chunks went through every crevice they could find, a perpetual stream of alcohol and salted food.  The puke seemed to go on endlessly until his lungs were collapsed.  He fell to his knees and saw spots before his eyes, and then he spit out the last of the vile and managed to pull a breath of air into his lungs.  Once he was breathing again, he felt better, though the ship was the worse for it.  He tried to stand, but his legs were like jelly, and he stayed there on the floor with his knees propped on the slimy grating, leaning his sweaty forehead on the railing along with his pasty hands.  After a long while, when his stomach said he could change positions, he got up on his feet from where he had been crouched in vomit, and he tottered around the half-circle of the dragon to his room.  The label on the door said ‘11’.
“Hey, open up, Jessie,” he said and banged on the locked door with his fist.  “Room 1-1.  Binary 3.  Hexadecimal 17. Open up,” he said and chanted every syllable with a pound of his fist.  There was a peep hole built into the door, but it never darkened to alert him before the door swung open suddenly.  Jessie knew who it was, and she knew that the only way to quiet down the obnoxious drunk on the other side of the door was to let him in.
“Vodka again, huh?” she frowned.  She was a small but husky lady, built like a can of corn with arms and legs sprouting out the side.  She had a jeweler’s screwdriver in one hand and the door knob in the other.  She sniffed the air, and she caught a whiff of his evening adventure.  “Ugh, and you threw up on yourself this time!”
He held up a hand and leaned against the door frame.  “Hey, you don’t have to yell.”
“Where did you lose it at, Rue?” she asked with a frown.
“Let’s just say that the hall grating isn’t so great anymore.”
“What the --!  Are you kidding me?!” she started in on him.  And when she started, she couldn’t stop.  “What is wrong with you?!  I have to walk down that hall, too, you moron!  Somebody will have to pull up the tiles and get down in there to clean it all out; otherwise, it’ll smell like puke forever.  You didn’t drink like this on Earth, or at least I never saw it.  When are you going to grow tired of getting plastered?”
“Geez, that’s three more questions than I care to answer,” he said and nudged past her to throw himself down on the couch in front of the blue computer screen.  The living area of their shared room was a narrow den with three closets.  Inside two of the closets was a tiny bed with a clothes rack high above.  The third one was a bathroom.  The size of the closets would have been an issue on Earth where obesity was prevalent, but not on the Green Dragon.  There was a weight limit on Cribbs’ ship, which was 250 pounds per person, and Rue and Jessie both left plenty of overhead in that regard.  Still, the closets were tight, and with the metallic surfaces of the compartments, sound carried all too well throughout the ship.
“Oh, no, you are not passing out on that couch tonight, buddy.  When you’ve been drinking, you snore like a clogged muffler.  Get your rump up and hit the closet where there are at least four walls to protect my ears from your snoring,” Jessie ordered him.
“Hey, you forget.  I am your boss,” he said with his thumb pointing at his chest.
“Don’t you forget, when we’re off duty, I’m your equal, and when you shut your eyes, I can fix your snoring myself if you push me to it,” she reminded him, and he stared at her dumbly, trying to piece together all of the words she had just said with his pickled brain.  Rue was having trouble threading one thought through with another, but he got the gist of what his roommate had told him.  He had seen other men get up with a black eye the next morning after a hard drunk, and he didn’t want to take his chances with Jessie if she was that ticked off.
“Fine,” he said and rolled off the narrow couch and stumbled toward the third closet, which housed a toilet and sink, and he slammed the door behind him.  Jessie shook her head.
“Lord, I hope he flushes it.  There ain’t enough vacuum in space for that smell,” she snapped out loud so that he could hear, but he ignored her all the same.  He didn’t have to use the bathroom, but it seemed like the place to be for some reason.  Then he felt his pants getting wet, and he remembered a little too late why he had wanted to go into the closet.  He unzipped his pants and finished what he had started, dripping some on the floor and the tops of his shoes.
“Man,” he said to himself.  He was having a really bad evening, and he guessed it wasn’t going to get any better if Jessie saw his stained pants and underwear on the floor.  He unlocked the door and came out with his pants around his ankles, and fortunately for him, his roommate had already closed herself up in her own bedroom closet.  He waddled over to his own closet and sat down on the edge of the bed so that he could untie his shoes.  When his laces were finally undone, he flipped his shoes off and threw his wet pants onto the floor.  He knew she would be ticked off at him for pissing himself, but he figured he would deal with the repercussions when he woke up.  Rue closed the door and passed out on his mattress.
The next morning, he woke up to the sensation of something shaking his foot.  He opened his eyes, and there above him stood two shadowy faces.
“What’s up?” he said, and the two faces slowly merged into focus as one.  It was the frowning face of Captain Cribbs.
“Get up, Rue.  Number one, you smell like piss.  And number two, well, you look like a pile of number two.”
“Good morning to you, too, Captain,” Rue said, and covered his eyes from the bright light inside of the ship.  Sometimes, especially when he was suffering from a hangover, he wished he could kick the ship’s computer in the serial port.  If it were not for the programming of rhythmic light cycles on board, mornings would look like nights in space, and he could use less light that particular morning.  The ship’s computer controlled the lighting in such a way as to give the appearance of darkness during the night and brightness during the day.  It was not that big of a deal for the Green Dragon’s computer, which went by the codename ORC, to set the mood.  ORC was programmed with a synchronous counter that stayed in near perfect time with the eastern/standard time zone that ran along the east coast of the United States.  The captain had it programmed that way because he wanted everybody to rest at least once every twenty-four hours and to stay in sync, and he felt that if the majority of the crew was from earth, then he wanted them to feel like they were on any other vessel on the surface of their home planet.  When a crew member drank too much the night before, the synchronous counter did not care, and right at that particular moment, Rue’s vision was washed out from the brightness of the artificial ‘day’.  He did not see it coming when Cribbs grabbed him by the wrist and slapped handcuffs on him.
“You’re under arrest, kid,” Cribbs told him and jerked him out of bed.
“Wait a second, Captain.  I think I heard you wrong,” Rue said while being dragged out into the hallway.  “What the heck are you arresting me for?  Sleeping in late?”
“Don’t act surprised, Rumfelt.  That’s the second time you’ve puked in the hallway, and all the rest of us have to live with the smell,” the captain explained.  “It’s a good thing we have artificial gravity or that stuff would be floating around all over the ship.  I got news for you, though.  It stinks to high heaven, and we’re not going to put up with it anymore.”
“I didn’t mean to throw up in the hallway.  I got dizzy . . . ,” he started, and the captain interrupted him.
“Keep making excuses, but you’re spending the next thirty days in the brig.”
“Thirty days?!  But, Captain . . .”
“No ‘buts’,” Cribbs said and turned his back on him.  Rue opened his mouth to say something else, and the captain said over his shoulder, “And shut up already.”
That was that, and two other crew members took him by the wrists and guided him forcefully down the hallway to the small brig.  Rue did not fight back because he was on a spaceship with nowhere else to hide where they wouldn’t find him, but he did not like the situation nonetheless.  The two men who led him down the hallway laughed at him when they threw him into the small padded cell and slammed the door shut.  Rue jumped up and yelled at them through the small set of bars that were head high in the door.
“What’s so funny, Harry?  Schmidt?  Huh?”  Harry turned his head so Rue could see his profile, and he snickered at the new prisoner.
Schmidt stopped and then turned around and said, “You wanna know what’s so funny?  I’ll tell ya what’s so funny.  Three months ago, before you were on board, I was the chief engineer.  You came along and took my job.  My good payin’ job, and I got left with garbage detail.  I know how to turn a wrench as good as the next guy.  Better than a drunk like you anyways, but you had to come on board and ruin the good thing I had goin’,” Schmidt said to him as he came back closer to the cell to look Rue in the eyes.  “Sucks, don’t it?  Gettin’ stuck in a lowly place with no pay.  Now you know how it feels, and I’m glad you do.  Maybe that’ll teach ya somethin’ about stealin’ another guy’s work.”
“I didn’t steal from you, Schmidt.  How can I help it if I took a job that was offered to me?  Goodness knows, I’m qualified for it.”
Schmidt’s eyes squinted in anger.  “Yeah, you go on tellin’ yourself that from the safety of that cell.  While you’re watchin’ your money disappear because you can’t earn no pay, bein’ locked up and all.  Meantime, I’ll be turnin’ the wrenches on this rig.”  Schmidt turned his back on him and walked off, leaving Rue to himself in the cell.
“Yeah, and cleaning up my vomit!” Rue yelled out the last word from the barred window.  He really wanted to get under the man’s skin, but it was hard to be the winner of an argument when you were on the wrong side of the bars.  He heard the second door to the short hall of the brig close shut behind the guards, and Rue figured he was alone.  He sat down on the narrow cot, dangling his clamped hands together between his knees, and he closed his eyes to try to relax and went back to sleep.
Sometime later, he woke up suddenly, hoping that he had just been dreaming and that he was not really in the brig.  He looked down at his hands and saw that they were free with no handcuffs restricting them.
“Maybe I was dreaming,” he thought to himself, but then when he looked up and saw the heavy metal door with a set of bars conveniently built into it, he knew he had not been dreaming.  Then when a shot of pain cascaded through his head, he clenched his face between both hands and put pressure in the center of his forehead to help ease the throbbing agony.  It felt like his brain was being crushed like a chestnut being pried in a nutcracker.  He had a killer hangover, dutifully earned by drinking too much the night before.  “Ahhh.  It hurts to even move my eyes,” he said miserably and closed his lids to keep as much light out as he could.  “Ohhhh,” he moaned and rubbed his head.
A few minutes later, when the pain had softened from cataclysmic to merely catastrophic, he rolled over onto his stomach, and he pulled out his wallet from his back pocket.  He carried his various membership cards in the the old piece of leather, cards that most people on earth had no use for any more, but being out in space, they were a necessity because the mobile phone connections transmitted too slowly between planets.  Certainly, that was the case even more so between galaxies, so most interstellar travelers carried hard evidence of their identities and affiliations with them when they made extraterrestrial journeys.  Plowing through his wallet, he laid those cards aside and kept digging until he found what he had been searching for in the first place.  He pulled out a picture that bore the creases of time and worry along the edges, and he sat it down on the blanket in front of him.  He tossed the wallet full of membership cards to the side, and he gazed at the wrinkled photograph for the longest time.  Minutes passed quickly by until he was interrupted by an unexpected knock on the cell door.
“You in there, Rue?” the familiar voice asked.
“Yeah,” he answered with a sigh and put the photograph, identification, and membership cards back into the wallet.  Then he slowly rolled over and placed his hands over his eyes to keep his waning headache from exploding again.  “Are you here to tell me I drank too much again?  ‘Cause if you are, my head’s already beat you to it.”
“No, I’m not here to rub it in,” the lady’s voice said.
“Are you here to let me out then?” he asked with a glimmer of hope.
“Have you smelled the hallway?” she asked, and he squinted his eyes as he tried to remember what she could have been talking about.  Then he recalled the vomiting.
“Oh.  No.  I didn’t do what I think I did, did I?”
“You did.  And the whole crew would like to kick your butt right now, so to answer your first question:  no.  Me, though, I would love to let you out so you could clean the mess up yourself, but as the doctor on this ship, I have to look out for your safety as well.  The guys would kill you right now, if they could get their hands on you.  Trust me, you’re safer in this cell,” Dr. Skoll explained.
“Anybody ever tell you that you got a sexy voice?” he said to her, and she laughed.
“It turns you on to hear about vomit, huh?”
“What?  No, I was just trying to lighten the mood . . . ,” Rue started, and she stopped him.
“There is no mood.  I came by to tell you that we’re dropping you off at the next planet,” the doctor said.
“What?!  You can’t do that!” he said and jumped up from the cot.  He ran over to the cell door and grabbed the bars with both hands.  “I got a couple of nieces back home to feed.”
“Yeah, you got kids relying on your paycheck.  Cribbs asked for my professional opinion, and I gave it to him.  We, the captain and I, have a big kid of our own that we’re kicking out of the nest,” she said and pointed straight at him.  “He’s paying you two week’s severance, and if Cribbs makes it to the neutron star, he might be able to send back enough funds to pay for your trip back to Earth.  He said that’s the least he can do for a guy he kicked off the ship so far from home.”
“Doc, you can’t do that to me.  I promised my nieces I’d send money, and they don’t have anybody else.  My sister and her husband are both dead.  Can’t you show some compassion?”
“You act as if this is our fault for getting puked on by a chronic alcoholic.  Just stick your head out in the hallway and take a big whiff.  Tell me what you smell ‘cause I know it ain’t success,” she said and gave him a chance to stick his head out of the room.  He didn’t, and she continued.  “I’ll tell you what the odor is.  It’s the smell of Snailian vodka and half-digested cheese, neither of which smell very good after they’ve been regurgitated.  Now, I think you’ll find we must have a lot of compassion to put up with your messes time after time,” she said and studied his eyes.  A moment of pity passed her countenance, and she relaxed her shoulders.  “Maybe it is our fault for believing you were better, but we can’t have one selfish person jeopardizing the health of the rest of the crew.  We’re dropping you off at an asteroid freighter stop in two days.  From there, you should be able to work out a return trip to the Milky Way.”
Doctor Skoll walked off without another word and closed the door behind her, and that was that.
Rue sat down on the bunk, stunned and speechless.  Twenty-four hours earlier, he had been planning on how he was going to spend the money he would make on this one trip.  If he had done it right, he would never have had to work again.  It seemed odd to think so, but it was true.  There was talk among the astronomers that the cataclysmic collision of the binary stars had released planet-sized chunks of matter into the vacuum of space, and the matter was in the form of precious heavy metals.  Millions of tons of gold, platinum, and silver.  All of it free for the taking.  Whoever got there first could take whatever they could store on their ships or fly away with in tow.  No one had a claim on any of the precious metals yet, and it was going to be a free-for-all.
But . . . he was fired, and the crew that he had been with for the past several weeks was going to make the rest of the trip without him.

Chapter 3
*
South Dakota, United States of America, Earth.  That was the place Abby wanted to stay for the rest of her life.  She had grown up there and had fallen in love with the area so much so that she had put a stake in the ground and decided to stay permanently, a mistake that most successful paleontologists don’t make.  The trouble was that Abby was a sentimental soul, and since the farm was completely paid off from the insurance money she and Kerry had received when their mom had died, she had decided to keep the land forever.  That decision did not sit well with her current boyfriend, Harold Bonmot.  He wanted to travel to wherever the next federal grant took him, and South Dakota had only been a one-stop dig for him.  He liked warmer weather and longer summers, things that South Dakota did not offer enough of for his taste.
“New Mexico,” Harold said to Abby.  “That’s where I’m going next.  There’s a dig on a reservation that the tribe will allow and that the government will chip in on,” he explained.  “The grant is large enough for two salaries.”  Abby knew what was coming next, and she did not want to hear it.  Before he could finish, she got up from the couch where they had been watching the movie in-between make out sessions, and she left him sitting there by himself while she started washing the dishes.  He looked at his watch, and he waited for her to finish, but every time she cleaned one thing, she picked up another.  It seemed like she kept finding more things to wash in the kitchen.  Pretty soon, she was wiping down the glass panes in the windows, and he knew then that she was stalling.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, but she did not answer.  Instead, she scrubbed even harder on the glass panes, trying not to say anything that would make the situation any worse.  After another few minutes of frigid silence, he decided that he might as well get it over with and say what was on his mind.  “All right, well, I was hoping you could go with me,” he said to her back.  Her shoulders slumped from where she had a paper towel pressed up against the glass, and she lowered her head so that her chin touched her chest.  The clock ticked on the wall for the longest fifteen seconds of their short relationship.
“No,” she said finally to the wall without turning around, and then she started working again.
“No?” he asked in sad disbelief.  “Why?”
“I don’t want to leave home again.  Ever.  There are enough bones in the ground here for me,” Abby said.
“But . . . but New Mexico would be fun, wouldn’t it?” he said and closed the distance between them.  He put his arms around her waist, and she sat the paper towel and cleaner down.  She turned around and gently pushed him away.
“South Dakota is my life,” she told him.  “My sister is still in school here.  My parents lived and died here, and this is where I want to be,” she explained, and she cupped her hand to his cheek.  “I know you have to move on.  I knew that when we met, and I do not want to keep you from a grant that’s so high profile.  Go where the work is,” Abby said and escorted him to the door.  She opened it and waited for him to go through, but he didn’t.
“That’s it?  That’s all you have to say?” Harold asked.
She sighed.  “Harold, the last five sentences you’ve uttered have been questions, and all of the answers can be summed up like so:  this is my home.  Let it go,” she said and pointed out the door.  Harold looked at her one last time before he left, and then he shook his head and went out into the dark where the crickets were singing in the cold, green grassy fields.  Abby closed the door behind him, leaned against it, and looked up at the popcorn ceiling.
“Lose another boyfriend?” Kerry said suddenly and scared her older sister straight.
“Oh!  I didn’t know you were standing there,” Abby replied.  “How much did you hear?”
“South Dakota is my life.  Blah blah blah blah blah.  Let it go,” Kerry mocked.  “I actually liked him.  You’re twenty-six years old, practically an old maid.  When are you going to stop dumping these guys and settle down?”
“You’re thirteen, which is half my age, so what would you know about it, huh?”
“Enough.  So why don’t you marry him?”
“First him, and now you’re asking questions.  Here’s one for you then:  isn’t it past your bedtime?”
“Yeah, but I was looking at the stars,” Kerry told her sister.  “Do you think we can see Rue from here?”
“Not likely.  He should be in the next galaxy by now,” Abby said.  “It really is past your bedtime,” she insisted and nudged her younger sister toward the stairs.
“He’s going after treasure out there, but I got a bad feeling somehow.  Like something’s wrong.  I think I should go after him and save him,” she said seriously as she went up the stairs.  Abby followed her to her room and made sure she went to bed this time.
“You’re encouraging me to pick up and move to New Mexico with Harold, and you think you’re going to hitch a ride to another galaxy?  Now who’s living in a dream world,” Abby said.
“I only say that because I think something’s wrong with Rue,” Kerry said.  “I’ll come back.  I promise,” she said, and Abby did not know what to think.  She had never heard her little sister talk like that before about Rue, and the thought of Rue in danger made her cringe.
“What makes you think something’s wrong with Rue, anyway?”
“I had a dream about a wolf, and I woke up hearing a howl outside my window,” Kerry said.
“It sounds like you had the dream because of the howling.  Now go to sleep and have better dreams where Rue returns home from a safe voyage,” she told her little sister and turned the light off in her bedroom.  She was tired herself, and she went to her own empty bedroom and flopped down on the bed.  Abby stared at the popcorn ceiling in the dark, and she took a deep breath and let out a sigh of guilt at her circumstances.  Then she let her head fall to one side, and she looked out the window of the dormer and witnessed the stars populating the big open sky, one by one.
**********
“Peanutbutterville?”
“Yes.  Why?  Do you have a problem with that?” Dr. Skoll said to him through the bars.
“Besides the fact that I have a peanut allergy?  Nothing, I guess,” Rue told her, but he couldn’t believe the name of the place.  “There aren’t any actual peanut fields there, right?”
“No, of course not.  It’s just a name, you know.  Kind of like Pumpkinville, North Carolina.  It’s just something somebody thought of, and it stuck,” the doctor explained.
“Here’s a fun fact:  they do raise pumpkins in Pumpkinville, North Carolina,” Rue told her, and she shrugged.
“Hmm, okay, but that doesn’t mean they raise peanuts in Peanutbutterville,” she insisted, and he shook his head.
“Stuck.  In Peanutbutterville.  With an allergy to peanuts,” he said to her, emphasizing his frustration.
“Well, what do you want us to do, huh?  Keep you on board so you can poison yourself by crawling in a bottle of alcohol?  No, thanks.  I am not explaining that one to the authorities when we get back to the Milky Way.”
“You can keep me on board in these cells, but please don’t abandon me on a peanut farm in the middle of deep space,” he said and clasped his hands together, begging her for mercy.  “Please,” he added like an eight-year-old pleading to open a Christmas present early.  She turned her back on him, but she did not leave.  Rue could almost smell bacon frying as her thoughts sizzled, and when she turned around to face him, she held up one index finger to his face.
“I’ll talk to the captain, but I can’t promise you anything,” she warned, and a smile broke out across his face.  “Don’t get any ideas about accommodations, because you will have to stay in this cell if he lets you stay with us.”
“Yes!”
“And no more puking!” she scolded him, and he crossed his heart.
“I’ll keep everything down,” he insisted.
“Of course you will, because I’ll make sure you have prison food to match your punishment.”
“Will I get a piece of the bounty?” he asked, and she smirked.  “I mean, it’s only fair.  Cribbs can have all the gold for himself.  From what I heard, there are also asteroid-sized chunks made of solid platinum from the explosion, and I would only want a nugget big enough for one pocket.  That’s it.”
“Don’t push your luck,” Dr. Skoll said to Rue, and he rolled his eyes.  “Or it’s you who’s stuck in Peanutbutterville,” she said.
“All right, all right.  I got you.  If I keep my cell clean, I can stay and maybe get some platinum,” Rue started, and she interrupted.
“Don’t count your chickens before they hatch, Rue,” she said.  She was full of adages that day.  “I haven’t gotten the captain’s agreement yet, and you do not know how pissed he was about the vomit in the hallway.  Frankly, you’re lucky you’re behind bars, out of his reach, because I swear he could have killed you when he smelled the upchuck in the air on the ship.  He mentioned sending you on a one-way space walk without a suit.”
Rue’s expression grew serious at that comment.
“It was just a little vomit.”
“With you, it’s always just a little this, or just a little that,” she reminded him, and he turned his back on her.  “Fine.  If you want to stay . . . ,” she started to say, and then the whole spaceship rocked as if it were struck by a stray meteor or asteroid.  Dr. Skoll stumbled in the hallway and grabbed a nearby handle to keep from falling.  Rue tumbled inside the cell and slammed his thigh against the bed.
“What was that?” she asked suddenly and left Rue staggering behind the bars of the jail cell.  She ran down the corridor where blinking emergency lights were flashing at intervals on the grey metal ceiling.  Dr. Skoll reached a doorway and slapped a button on the wall to seal off their section of the hallway from the rest of the ship, just the way the captain had taught her in an emergency.  Two doors were activated with this one action.  A door closed in front of her, and another door shut on the other end further down in the opposite direction.  She placed her hands on the glass of the sealed door, and on the other side of the protective glass, she saw the bodies of two of her companions floating off into the vacuum of space.  The oxygen atoms in Angie’s and Harold’s lungs had bounced out of their mouths and noses, and with nothing else to bounce off of, the atoms never came back.  The same with the liquids in their outer extremities.  Gone and never to return, leaving the hydrocarbons separated from the oxygen for all eternity.  And the cold void of space froze whatever water was left in their bodies within seconds.  Death came swiftly and soundlessly.  “Angie!!  Harold!!” she yelled to the bloated bodies which were already devoid of air, water, and life.  If Angie or Harold had still been alive, they would not have been able to hear the doctor’s screams anyway.  Out there where their bodies were, the probability of one atom striking another was one in a huge number followed by hundreds of zeros behind it.  Astronomical, in fact.  Her friends were buried forever in . . . nothing but space.
Then another object struck the Green Dragon, and the shockwaves shook the entire vessel.  Rue lost his footing on the floor and suddenly found himself floating weightlessly around the inside of the cell.  At the same time, the main lights went out, and the auxiliaries kicked in gear from the battery backups contained within each room for just such events.
“Doc!” he yelled as he bounced around the inside of the tiny compartment, and when he ricocheted toward the floor, he grabbed the underside of the cot he had been sleeping on and held himself in place.  When his body adjusted to the inertial movement of the cell, he pushed off the cot to the prison door to look out between the bars.  “Doc!” he yelled again, and he could hear himself scream, which was a good sign, given the circumstances.  Dr. Skoll ignored Rue, turned, and flew down the center of the rounded corridor, one hand pointed ahead like a super woman from the comic books, and when she came to the wall in the bend, she pushed off and flew down the curve.  Inertia made her travel in straight lines in space, but she used the walls to make the gradual turns to the next section of the giant circular tube that comprised the outer perimeter of the Green Dragon.  She quickly came to a stop at another closed door, and on this end of the arc, she saw that there had been a breach in the outer ring at this junction as well, leaving the elbow section of the ship they were stranded in disconnected from the body of the vessel.  She looked out of the window on the end, and she saw the rest of the Green Dragon flying off in another direction, stranding them in a curved piece of the merchant vessel.  Dr. Skoll had no controls to fly the amputated piece of ship that they were in, and when she looked out across the growing expanse to the windshield of the Green Dragon, she saw Captain Cribbs’ face at the controls.  He waved to her as their section of ship glided away from the main section and into deep space.
“Captain!  Cribbs!” she screamed at the top of her lungs, though she knew it was doing her no good to do so.
“Skoll!  What’s goin’ on, huh?!  Answer me!” Rue bellowed between the bars, but all he could see was her head bowed between her bouncing shoulders.  Her screams across space were soundless and did her no good, and his screams that she could hear did him no good.  After a minute like that, watching her head buried and her hands hopelessly pressed against the cold window, he realized she was crying, and he quit trying to call her name at all.  She stayed like that for another five minutes, looking at the main vessel through a thin sheen of tears and watching it shrink in size until she could no longer make out Captain Cribbs’ face.  When she was done crying, she sucked up the phlegm in her head, wiped the tears from her eyes, and combed her tangled, floating hair back into a ponytail with her hands.  Then she whirled around in the air, and she pushed her weightless body off the wall toward the jail cell.
“Rue, I have some bad news,” she said, and he pressed his face up against the bars.
“No kidding.  We lost gravity, so either the Green Dragon’s out of control, or we’re disconnected from the ship entirely,” he said, and she nodded.
“The latter.”
“Are you going to let me out now?” he asked, and she looked down at the lock as if it were the first time she had seen it.
“No,” she answered.
“Well, why not?  We’re stuck by ourselves aboard a floating metal chunk of elbow macaroni.  We have no engines, and no one is going to come rescue us,” he explained.
She sighed.  “Don’t overthink my answer.  Puking in the halls last night was bad, but that’s not why I can’t let you out,” she said.  “I can’t let you out because I don’t have the keys.”
“Excuse me?”
“I don’t have the keys,” she repeated.  “I’m a doctor, not a jailor.”
“That’s just great!” he shouted at the four walls.
“We do have oxygen though.  For a little while.  It might last longer if you calm down,” she said, and he closed his eyes and took a nice deep breath.  “There.  That’s better.  Now, I will look for a file so you can grind the bars down.”
“Do I need to point out that even if the bars are ground down, I can’t fit through this little window,” he said.
“Oh.  True,” she admitted.  “Okay, well, what about if . . . .”
“Just let me be, Skoll.  I’m going to lay down and go to sleep.  Wake me up when we run out of air,” he said and pushed away from the cell.
“You don’t have to be so mean,” she said, but he was done with her.  Rue floated across the cell and remembered that it was ridiculous to think he could lay down.  There was no gravity to hold him to any of the six sides that comprised the cell.  “Do you have any other ideas?” Skoll asked.
“You’re still there?” he asked sarcastically.
“Just where am I supposed to go anyway, huh?” she asked, and then desperation clawed at her.  “Come on, help us both out here.  If you haven’t felt it yet . . . ,” she started.
“It’s getting colder,” he finished.  “I know.  I can see my breath.  Not a good sign.”
“I should say not.  You’re the engineer.  Can you do anything?” she asked.  He spun himself in the middle of the air so that he could look at her.
“You need an engineer now, do you?”
“We have always needed one, just one that was less pickled,” she said, and he laughed.
“I should tell you that I would rather die with a buzz than with freezer burn,” Rue said and pointed to the auxiliary light in his cell.  “The lights are powered by the battery backups, and each one also emits a few watts of heat.  Get as close as you can to one of the lights and pray they find us before the batteries are depleted.  Whatever we do, we don’t want to burn anything for heat, because that would steal our oxygen.”
“No, of course not.  Asphyxiation would be a worse way to die than freezing to death, in my opinion,” she said.  Rue huddled near the light in the cell, and Dr. Skoll cradled the one in the hallway.  She held the suspended light, and there was barely any warmth.  To her, it was a bitter predicament, and she kept talking to pass the time.  “You said you had family back on earth?”
“Just the two nieces that I was going to share the gold with,” he said.
“Do you miss them?”
“Yes, I was helping to raise the youngest one.  She is a pistol.”
“I have a son by my first marriage,” she said.
“I didn’t know that you were married,” he said.
She sighed.  “I was, but shipping out for a year or more at a time doesn’t make for a lasting marriage.  People tend to drift.  When I returned from a three-year mission, which I only took for the nice bonus in order to buy our house, my ex had divorce papers filed in my absence.”
“You can do that?  Divorce someone when they’re shipped out?”
“Most people wouldn’t, but he did.  We weren’t military, so I didn’t have any government protection of my rights, and my ex told the judge that I shipped out without leaving him any notice, which was a lie.  He helped me plan the voyage in the first place,” she said while Rue placed his palm against the outer wall of the ship and pulled it back as soon as he felt the sting of the icy temperature.
“That’s cold,” he said.
“That’s my ex,” she said, not knowing he meant something else.  “Br-r-r, I’m shivering all of a sudden.”
“Yeah, w-when you said cold, I meant the w-walls.  We’re losing h-heat too fast-t.”
“Figures.  Is th-there anything we c-can do to stay w-warm?”
“Nothing,” he said, but if they had been sharing the cell together, he could think of a few things they could do to stay warm.  “You know, of all th-things, it’s a holiday, t-too.  Out here in space, I can’t t-tell one day from the n-next without a w-w-watch and calendar, but it’s Christmas.”
“The temperature’s r-right f-for it,” she said with a chatter of her teeth.  “Do you th-think they’ll find us-s-s?”
“I c-can’t s-say, but I don’t want to l-l-lose h-hope.  M-merry Chris-s-stmas,” he said.
“M-m-merry C-c-christ-m-m-mas,” she chattered.  They were too far from the nearest star to get the benefit of radiated heat, and the temperature inside their chunk of the ship had dropped significantly.  “I’m-m g-g-going f-for a w-w-walk to w-w-warm up-p-p,” she said and pushed herself down the hallway to the window at the end.  When she reached the glass, she noticed fuzzy slime around the edges of the door, and some of it was stuck to the end of her fingers.  The slime was warm, unlike everything else in the wreckage, and she placed her palm against it.  Her whole hand was warming up, but then she jerked it back when she felt a pin prick in her skin.  She massaged her hand and found a light on the nearby wall, and she held her palm up to look at it.  There was a round shallow hole in her palm, almost like a bite mark, and there were small hairs sprouting out of the skin around it.  She didn’t know what could have caused it, and it wasn’t hurting her so she didn’t think much of it.  She knew she was going to freeze to death soon anyways, and she went back to the window and looked out.  She floated there for quite some time and realized that she felt warm inside, and she wasn’t shivering anymore.
“Strange,” she said to herself without chattering.  A voice inside her head told her what she needed to do.
**********
Rue was alone, freezing to death in his cell.  In the back of his mind, he knew he was never going to make it back to Earth.  He was going to die right here in this tiny jail cell.  As a last act of desperation, he pulled out the remote control he had designed for a special project he had been working on for a quite a while.  His fingers were numb, but he pressed the proper buttons.  A few minutes later, a service android appeared outside of the cell where it waited for him.  He entered more commands into the remote control, and the android took out a familiar key with its makeshift hand.  Then the little metal servant unlocked the cell and entered.  The android ejected a sharp needle out of its finger in the shape of a syringe.  Rue backed away.
“W-w-w-w-wait just-t-t a s-s-s-s-second.  I’m n-n-n-not r-r-ready yet,” he said, shivering so violently that it was painful to speak.  The droid stopped cold before it poked him with the needle.  Then Rue pulled out a one-way emergency beeper that he carried in his pocket, and he fumbled out a final message to his nieces in South Dakota.  After sending the message, he let the android draw near enough to poke his forearm with the needle.  The needle jabbed his skin and tapped into the nerves of his arm.  The man and the android were then connected by the electrical systems of both their bodies.  The light of his eyesight faded shortly thereafter, and he could no longer see the ship’s emergency lights.  His ears then popped and crackled, and when everything around him fell silent, the cold gripped his body.  His mind blanked out, and he slipped away into a peaceful sleep.
Chapter 4
*
January 15, 2095
Three weeks later . . .
When Captain Cribbs activated the crane, he set the hydraulic pump to the lowest setting, and he reeled in the runaway haul.  He watched the pressure sensor on the acceptance port for a second, and then he shifted his eyes up to the viewing camera.  Back and forth, back and forth, his eyes looked from the pressure switch readout to the camera until the alarm on the pressure switch buzzed when the magnetic relay inside closed.
“Got ya’.”
“Captain, that section of the ship’s been drifting out there with no oxygen, no generator, and no supplies of any kind for over twenty days.  What do you think we’ll find?” Harry asked.
“The worst Christmas and New Year’s hangovers ever,” Jessie said.
“Have some decency.  Rue was your roommate,” Schmidt said from the weapons board.
“Don’t be such a prude, Schmidt,” Jessie said and punched him in the bicep when he wasn’t looking.
“What was that for?!” Schmidt yelled at her.
“For spoiling the mood,” she said and then looked at the captain.  “It’s dark, and by the looks of it, they ain’t nobody living on that thing.  It’s junk, and we’re way past rescue.”
“We have to proceed as if its a rescue, no matter your opinion,” Cribbs said to her, but avoided eye contact with her.  There were times that her bluntness could border on cruel.  “Get your suit on and take some extra oxygen anyway.”
“You’re jokin’, right?  No water for three weeks is enough to kill anyone,” she argued, but he snapped his fingers and pointed to the oxygen storage.  “Whatever.  It’s not like the air will be used,” she said, and then did what he ordered.
“Schmidt, I’m going to need you to keep a steady hand on the guidance systems while I’m gone,” Cribbs said to his second-in-command and cousin on his mother’s side.
“Captain, Jessie’s does have a point.  It’s not a rescue, and you don’t have to board,” Schmidt replied, but the captain gave him a wry smile.
“I see it differently.  I’m the captain, and it’s my responsibility to lead the boarding party,” Cribbs said.  The Green Dragon had been struck in two places by small meteors on Christmas Day, and as the owner and leader of the ship, he felt that he had an obligation to the crew’s families to investigate the wreckage and to bring back the dead.  There were people on earth who would want answers, and he would have to give them something more than, ‘They were lost in space’.  He always believed that response sucked as an answer, and he was going to find out the details firsthand.
Of the current roster of crew members he had on board, he trusted Schmidt with his life.  Not only was he honest, but suffice it to say, Schmidt was a tough mug when it came to his mental stability.  Stationed on Pluto with command of the missile and laser batteries, they had served together in the Space Force for the last four earth years of his career before retirement (a year on Pluto runs about 248 earth years).  There are more stories there than he would care to remember, but Schmidt had watched his back for the duration of that colder-than-arctic assignment.  Daytime there was more extreme than any climate on earth, but nighttime was maddening because it lasted 76.65 hours, or more than three earth days.  A lot of things could go wrong on a base that was cloaked in the dark for that long.  The solar cells would run low on charge by dawn on almost every occasion, and with the depletion of electrical charge, the few lights they had in the base would go dark.  Darkness does some strange things to humans, including Cribbs, but for four years Schmidt had been nearly impervious to its effects where everyone else had faltered.
“Keep an eye on us, and when you can, watch the radar,” Cribbs told his old partner, and he handed the guidance systems over.  “I don’t expect to be gone more than two hours, probably less, but there could be other meteors shooting by, and we can’t afford to lose focus.”
“Got it,” Schmidt reassured the captain, and Cribbs gave him a solid salute before leaving the command room with Jessie.  Jessie threw on her spacesuit, and then helped the captain with his.  He did not seem as familiar with his assigned suit as she was with hers, a problem she suspected was due to his position on the ship, and she reminded him of aspects of the procedure as he went along.
“You’d think I would know my own suit, wouldn’t you?” the captain remarked, and she shrugged her shoulders.
“Yeah, I would,” she agreed.  “But who cares as long as somebody on board knows how to put one on.”
“I should know though,” he argued.
“That’s what manuals are for, Captain,” she said and held the manufacturer’s instructions in front of his helmet.  There were explanatory pictures showing how to perform each step, but the entire document had been written in Japanese.  He was going to say something about the fact that he wasn’t fluent in Japanese, but she stopped him before he could get the words out.  “Save it.  They put pretty pictures in there for you non-readers.”
“Ha, ha.  I’m glad I get the added bonus of your sarcasm for free,” Cribbs said as he crammed the directions into a pocket of the tool belt that wrapped around his midsection.
“It’s a service I offer to everyone equally,” Jessie said to him before she threw on her helmet.  He could hear some sounds through his helmet if they were loud enough, but once she had hers on, they would have to communicate through radio.  He clicked the transmit switch on his chest.
“Ready?” he said.
“Ready,” she replied, and they went through the sally port doors to the evacuation chamber.  Once both sets of doors were closed, he hit the partial vacuum button for the chamber, and the pressure dropped low enough so that they could check their suits for leaks.  Both of their suits passed the leak check, and he hit the final vacuum button to suck out the last of the air molecules into the rest of the ship.  It was impossible to save all of the gas, but when the red light was lit, the vacuum environment was as close to space as time would allow.  “Here we go,” she said as she pressed on the exit button.  When the door opened, there was no pressure differential, but the blackness beyond the doors was striking.  Captain Cribbs felt his stomach flutter when he went out into the great expanse of nothing.  They were tethered to the inside of the evacuation chamber, and one at a time, they activated their tiny nitrogen thrusters to push them from the compartment.  Then they tethered to the hooks on the outside of the ship and released the tether on the inside of the chamber.  In this manner, they were always connected to the ship and in little danger of floating away.
“Go for the crane,” Cribbs radioed, and with Jessie in the lead, they went tether by tether along the length of the crane to the wrecked piece of junk they had chased through space for weeks.  The ends of the tubes were jagged where the damage had occurred on Christmas day, and they were careful not to touch the metal edges.  A cut in a spacesuit could kill the occupant, and Cribbs had lost enough crew members.  They floated out on the tether and then guided their suits into the hallway with nitrogen bursts from the thrusters.  They discovered that the safety door on that end of the arc had sealed itself when the outer shell had breached.  This would have been a good sign for Rue and Skoll, if there had been any chance of imminent rescue.  Rescue had not occurred quickly enough though, and the sealed door only served to delay their investigation.
“The door is fastened airtight,” Jessie said when she tried to pull the door open.  “Do you think there’s air still in there?”
“It’s possible the seals held up all this time,” Cribbs said and showed her a pressure gauge / oxygen sensor combo that he had in his belt.  “I had the doors built with inserts just for these sensors,” he said and went about the process of hooking up the sensor.  An hour later, they had a reading, and it was what the captain had quietly suspected.  “Without a recycling system to break down the water vapor and carbon dioxide, the oxygen content has dipped below the acceptable level for survival,” he said and pulled out a laser for cutting.
“You knew that I was right, and you’re admitting it now, but you wouldn’t in front of the others,” she accused him.
“It’s my responsibility to keep morale up, too.  Believe it or not, I do care about my crew,” he said and brought out a laser.  “We’re going to have to cut a hole in the door.”
“Wait!  Let me just make sure before you start cutting and let the air out,” she said, and then she pounded on the door repeatedly with her fist.  She pounded five times and waited.  Then she pounded again and waited.  Nothing.  Jessie cleared out of his path so that he could start cutting.  Cribbs set his laser against the door seals, and he looked over at Jessie.  After the meteor collisions, the arced section of the Green Dragon had drifted in a straight line into open space, and he had hoped they could recover the bodies of Dr. Skoll as well as his chief engineer and ship drunk, Rue Rumfelt.  They were going to get their chance, and he waited for her to give him a nod to start.  She didn’t say anything at first, and then she hit the door one more time with her fist.  She waited.  There were echoes, but no signs of life.  She looked over at Cribbs, and she pointed at the laser in his hand and nodded.
“It’s good to see that you care about them underneath all the bravado,” Cribbs said.
“Don’t read too much into it,” she told him.
“Here goes,” he said, and he flicked the switch on.  The light that came out was almost a solid beam of photons, wielded like a welding torch, except that there was no need at all for a combustible gas to do the cutting.  The laser was powerful enough on its own to slice through the door, and he started at the top and opened a small slit in the door.  Then he waited for the gas inside to find its way out.  A constant stream of air seeped through the gap and blew fragments of hot metal out into space.  When the air pressure dropped low enough inside the wreckage to continue cutting, he sliced slowly all the way down to the bottom of the door.  He had been trained in the art of cutting torches, and he understood the risk that was involved with opening a vessel under high pressure.  It was like popping a balloon with a hot poker, too risky to do in a spacesuit, but he knew that cutting a small hole to relieve the pressure would do the trick without blowing molten metal onto his fragile suit.  When he finished, the cut in the door was too hot to touch with his gloves.  He pulled out a pry bar that was tethered inside his tool belt, and he jammed it into the gap and wrenched the sections of the door apart.  With the door wide open, a small wind blew against them both as the last remnant of air rushed out into the emptiness of space.
“If they weren’t dead before, they are now,” Cribbs said.
“There was nothing for them to survive on for that long, Captain,” Jessie reassured him.  None of the battery powered lights were on, and the ship was pitch black and well below freezing inside.  “Are you ready?” she asked.
“No, but our oxygen packs have a limit.  Whatever happened out here, I don’t want to lose any more of my crew, including myself,” he admitted, and he pushed himself inside the lifeless chunk of ship.  When he reached the end of his tether, he released it to let himself float freely on the inside.  The interior was so dark that he flicked on the lights built into the chest pack of his spacesuit.
“Your headlights are on, Captain,” Jessie snickered.
“Yeah, that joke never gets old,” he replied and looked ahead.  The arc of the hallway curved around to the right, and he floated down the hallway, looking at everything as he went.  “There’s hardly any damage inside.  From in here with the doors shut, you wouldn’t know that two meteors had completely severed this section from the rest of the Green Dragon.”  Jessie went back and took pictures of the doors they had entered as a record of the event.
“It’s like the collisions were perfectly placed incisions, slicing the ship apart and leaving the doors on this end intact,” Jessie said.
“We know there was air pressure, so the door on the other end had to work, too.  Can you go all the way through to the other side?” he asked, and she blew by him.
“Already on it,” she said and disappeared around the bend.  Jessie was a thinker, but there was nothing slow about her, and at times like these, he appreciated that about her.  Cribbs floated down the hall slowly, looking at everything as he went, trying to pick up details that he might need to recall later.  He remembered where Rue had been before the collisions, seeing as how he had put him there, and when his lights flashed across the bars on the cell door, he turned the other way.  He had a suspicion about what he would find inside that cell, and he didn’t want to look before he had to.  Dr. Skoll, was also missing, and her body did not turn up with the others when they had performed their initial search outside the Green Dragon.  The captain had seen her through a window, and he knew that she was inside this hunk of metal with Rue when the meteors had hit.  She must have survived for a time, and the evidence pointed that she had been clever enough to close the doors since the air locks were sealed and a measurable air pressure was inside.  Three weeks out in space with no supplies and no heat.  His stomach sank at the thought of her loss, but she knew the risks of space travel.  So did Rue.
“What she didn’t know about were the risks of getting blindsided by space debris,” he said aloud to himself, forgetting that his radio was still on.
“No kidding,” Jessie replied.  “None of us should have to worry about those things.”
“Mmm-hmm,” he said, wishing he hadn’t blurted out his thoughts.  “How is the door at the other end?”
“I just got here, and . . . ,” she tugged on the handles.  “It’s sealed.  Rue couldn’t have been alone in here, so the doctor must have shut both doors.  You know, I haven’t seen her floating around this end, though, but maybe her body drifted to the side we entered when the air went out.”
“That’s cold, talking about her in the past tense,” Cribbs said.
“I’m a realist, Captain,” Jessie said.  “Anyways, she sealed the doors, and then she must have stowed away somewhere.  She’s too big to hide for very long.”
“All right, check each room starting at that end, and I’ll do the same starting at this end.  We’ll meet in the middle where the brig is.  Was, I mean.”
The first room that Cribbs came to was not a room at all, but a closet.  When he opened the door, coats and boots drifted out into the hallway.  It had been a storage closet for extras that the crew might need.  He counted the coats, and there were four.  He glanced up at the hangers, and there were five empty.  He figured Dr. Skoll had taken one to keep warm for a little longer before the bitter cold of space froze her.  She had not given one of the others to Rue, which tapped a beat on his conscience, but he may have frozen to death before she ever found the coats.
“Had I shown her the closet and its contents during orientation?” he thought to himself.  Maybe, maybe not.  They had had a higher employee turnover rate the last few missions, and it was possible he had skipped that part of the training, considering it to be pointless.  “Pointless, until you’re freezing to death,” he thought with guilt.  He closed the closet and moved on to the next room, which was a security post for the brig.  There were old papers and pens floating around inside, but there was nothing there to lead him to any conclusions.  After he visited three more rooms with no findings, he thought that it might make the most sense to go ahead and look for Rue in the brig.  He closed another closet full of cleaning supplies, and he took a deep breath and gritted his teeth to prepare himself.  There were three cell doors for the brig, and when the Green Dragon was struck, there was only one prisoner.  Rue.  He knew which cell it was, the middle one, and he pushed himself off the far wall and drifted across the hall to the middle cell door.  He shined the light down the crack where the lock went into the frame, and he could see that the deadbolt on Rue’s cell was unlocked.  It was closed like any normal door would have been, but he found it odd that it was unlocked.  Neither Rue nor Dr. Skoll should have had a key to the brig.  Perhaps the cell was empty, still Cribbs fought the urge to look past the bars until he had swallowed the saliva in his mouth.  Then he lifted his eyes and looked into the cell.
**********
Jessie went door to door along the curve of the corridor.  She found her fair share of buckets and vacuum cleaners along the way, but after she had gone through every room, she came up nearly empty-handed.  Except . . . she found hairs floating on the inside of one of the closets.  White and grey, with the consistency of animal hair, which was strange because there had been no animals of any kind on board the ship at the time of the collisions.  It was true that they had transported animals from planet to planet on occasion, but because of all the regulations regarding the interplanetary spread of disease and the control of genetic uniformity, no one was allowed to keep any animal in their living quarters.  On the Green Dragon, the penalty was severe if Cribbs caught the offender, but it didn’t mean much more than expelling the perpetrator at the next port of call.  However, on certain planets outside the Milky Way, the penalty was death for smuggling animals.
“Captain, I think I found something you should see,” she radioed Cribbs.
“Coming,” he said and clicked off his radio.
She could not hear him coming, but if she put her hand on the wall, she could feel the vibrations when he pushed off the corridor walls.  She placed her hand down on one of the shelves in the closet to steady herself, and she felt something sticky hold her glove to the surface.  She shined the light of her helmet down on her hand, and she saw a gooey substance connecting her contaminated glove to the inside molding of the door frame.  Jessie pulled her glove away from the steel frame, and a string of goo came along with it.
“What the hell is that?” Cribbs said.  Startled, she whipped her head around and shined her helmet light in his eyes.  “Hey!  Turn those down, will ya.”
“Yeah, sorry,” she said, dimming her helmet lights and turning away.  “I don’t know what this is.  Shouldn’t this goop have outgassed when we released the atmosphere in here?” she asked, and he could tell her mood had passed from sarcastic mode to investigative mode.
“If it’s thick enough, it could take days for that stuff to dissipate,” he said.  “What’s floating around you?  Are those hairs?”
“Yes, I’m pretty sure those are animal hairs,” she said, and he gave her a serious stare at the revelation.  “Somebody broke some serious rules on board, but we just don’t know who.”  Then she held a few strands in her fingertips for him to see.  “Look at them.  They’re light enough to have gotten sucked out through the door when we broke in, so why are they still floating around?”
“Maybe the closet door was shut and sealed, then the hairs probably bounced around like they would inside a vacuum cleaner.  Just a big swirl,” he guessed, and that made perfect sense to her.  “What I want to know is this:  where is the animal?”  Jessie turned off her helmet lights and faced him with a blank expression.
“I don’t know,” she said finally, and then she wiped the goop off her glove and onto the wall.  “Did you find anything?” she asked, and he motioned for her to follow him.  They pushed off the walls and propelled themselves along the arced corridor until they reached the three cells of the brig.  Captain Cribbs put his glove in the handle, and he pulled the door open into the hallway.  They both shined their lights inside the empty cell.
“How’d he get out?” Jessie asked, knowing that there were very few people trusted with the brig keys on board the ship.  She did not believe that Dr. Skoll was one of the few.
“No clue,” he said and shrugged his shoulders.  “This piece of the ship was sealed with atmosphere when we got here, which tells us what we already know, that someone had to have survived the blasts and closed the doors.  I know that Rue was locked in this room at the time, so at the least, his body has to be in this hull somewhere.  We’ve got a few more hours of oxygen before we run low.  Let’s keep looking.”
Jessie went back to the closet where she had found the animal hairs, hoping to find another clue.  “I didn’t notice this here before,” Jessie said and reached her gloves deep into the backside of the shelving.  Then she brought out an android which was about the size of a child.  It was made of metal of some kind, and it was similar to the kind the mechanics at the space ports used for navigating small areas where adults couldn’t fit.  “Do you remember having one of these on board?”
“No,” Cribbs said and held out his hands.  She passed it to him.  “I can’t afford tools this expensive with the kind of cargo we deliver.  Maybe one of the mechanics left it in here when they were working on the HVAC system a month ago.”
“Those guys wig out when one of their tools walks off, and this one could quite literally do that,” she said.  “This type of android can transmit a detailed record to the service provider while the service is being done, and all the service company has to do is use the serial number and review the last assignment to figure out what ship it was left on.  Then I think they would have contacted the Green Dragon to see if it turned up, wouldn’t you?”
“Yeah, I would,” he agreed and looked it over.  “I knew Rue was working on a project in his spare time.  Maybe this was it.  I don’t see a serial number or a barcode anywhere on this thing.”  He handed the droid back to her.  “Put the droid in with the recovery bag and take it back on board with you where we can look at it later.”
**********
Outside of the ship, a dark shape climbed out of the wreckage onto the crane.  Then it made its way down to the Green Dragon and into the open cavity where the crane rested during flight.
Chapter 5
*
Earth, December 25, 2094 AD
Abby had had a restless night, tossing and turning, trying to bury the thoughts of Harold.  She couldn’t do it.  After fighting sleep in an empty bed for most of the night, she had stirred wide awake at three in the morning.  She got up, made coffee, drank three cups by 5 a.m.  The caffeine made her mind race, which didn’t help her mood.
“This is ridiculous,” she said as she sat alone at the kitchen table.  “You know what would help my mood?  Digging,” she told herself.  It was a fact.  Digging in the dirt had always been her passion, and that passion had driven her into a career as an archaeologist.  Abby gulped the last swallow of Starbucks home brew, felt the burn of the hot drink crawl down her throat.  Then she threw on her work clothes, grabbed her tools, and headed out to a private dig site.  One of her neighbors had been generous to her and had given her permission to dig in a shallow canyon in the corner of a field.  She drove her Jeep across the grasslands with her bright lights on, hoping she wouldn’t collide with a steer in the waning dark.  She didn’t, but she did come across a black bulge of steaming hot rock right in the middle of her private dig site.  A meteorite, and it wasn’t attractive.  In fact, it looked like a steaming pile of buffalo excrement, hardly worthy of a dig.
“What the crap is that?”
She got out of the Jeep, put her hands on her hips, and stood there examining the rock in the dim morning light.
“This sucks.  It’s destroyed my fossils,” she said.
Still, it was a meteorite, a huge chunk of gelatinous galactic goo, and she was the first one to find it.  It was her discovery, and as such, maybe it wasn’t so bad.  Curiosity got the best of her, and she began to poke it with the remnant of an elk’s antler that she had found on the ground nearby.  When she jabbed the tip of the antler into the goo, she reminded herself of a kid playing with a jellyfish that has washed up on the shore.  She pulled the antler out, and the goo steamed in the morning air.
“Great,” she said to herself as she touched the goo with her fingers.  It was sticky, and she couldn’t get it off her fingertips.  She flicked and flicked her fingers to no avail, and then wiped the goo on her pants.
“Merry flipping Christmas,” she said to the big pink sky over her head.  All she had wanted that morning was the peace and quiet of her fossils, but what had she gotten?  The universe had sneezed all over her favorite project.
Disgusted, she wrapped the cooling, gooey antler in a blanket and stuffed it in the back of the Jeep.  She put gloves on over her hands so she wouldn’t get the goo all over her steering wheel.  Then she drove home, feeling a tingling in her fingertips that she mistook for a contact burn.
When she got home, she ran inside to wash the filth from her hands, forgetting all about the contaminated antler in the back of the Jeep.  Abby passed the rest of that uneventful Christmas with the stains of alien microbes on her skin.
**********
Kerry laid in bed thinking that Christmas night, and she had a terrible feeling that Rue was in trouble.  She could not explain it, but she felt that she needed to go to him, even though the concept of traveling to a galaxy so far away was completely ridiculous.  Then she saw the green light blinking on the beeper that was suspended on the wall, right in the center of the latest Star Wars movie poster.  The light was an indicator that her uncle had sent her a message from wherever he was in space.  Kerry sprang up in the bed and threw off the covers, and then she reached up and grabbed the beeper from the wall.
“Freezing to dea th n space.  Green Dragn.  Fin me,” the message read.  That was it, nothing else.
“Oh, no,” she said to herself.  “Rue’s dying, and his spelling’s gotten worse,” she said aloud.  She read the message again and knew she had to act.  “How is a thirteen year old supposed to go out into deep space and save her uncle?” she asked herself, and she didn’t even know where to start.  “Maybe I should tell Abby?” she reasoned, and then she remembered that her sister had just broken off a long-term relationship with her boyfriend and was elbows deep in her own sorrow.  She knew her older sister well enough to realize that Abby would be so self-absorbed that she wouldn’t give two buffalo chips what was happening to Rue right then.
She looked out the window toward the Badlands.  Snow had sprinkled the landscape during the holiday, a frosty covering that was a foot deep in places, and there were no cars out on the road or in the sky as far as she could see.  On the far horizon, the red, yellow, and purple Christmas lights of their nearest neighbor, Joshua Hawkins, merged into one solid bead of light like a star in the distance.  He was a retired missileer for the United States Air Force, and he was their nearest neighbor at three miles away.  He was also her only real hope of getting to Rue.
She slipped on thermal underwear, wool socks, jeans, a long sleeve shirt, a sweatshirt, a zip-up jacket, a hooded coat, waterproof boots, two pairs of gloves, and a hat, and then she waddled down the stairs, trying to be quiet even though the layers of different materials were chafing against each other.  When she reached the kitchen island, she wrote out a note telling Abby where she was going.  She read it to herself, and the note made sense to her on the first try.  She ripped it off the sticky pad and pasted it to the refrigerator where she thought her sister would find it easily.  With that done, she was ready to go.  The keys to Abby’s antique Jeep were hanging on the hook attached to the kitchen cabinets by the door, and she reached up and snatched them along with the windshield scraper.  Abby had already cleared a path to the Jeep and the highway with a snow blower that evening after they had opened presents, and all she had to do was get in and start up the car.  The two of them had lived alone in isolation for so many years that Abby had taught Kerry how to drive in case there was an emergency, and this qualified.  She jumped in, started the Jeep, and turned on the heat, but she left the headlights off so her sister wouldn’t notice what she was doing and try to stop her.  She felt guilty for taking their most dependable ground vehicle out into the snow, but her sister still had the Honda Mini-Druck, a drone truck combo, if she needed to go somewhere.  Five minutes later, she had cleaned off the front and back windshields, and she drove the length of the driveway and entered the unplowed highway.  She drove slowly for a good distance, but the snow drifts were too high for the Jeep in places, and Kerry was stuck hip deep in a snowdrift on the first turn in the road.  She got out of the car and looked at the sad arrangement.  Snow was piled up to the running boards, and the tailpipe was spitting out exhaust into a mountain of snow that had built up behind the back tires.  It was a bad situation, the worst she could ever recall, and she knew it.  She looked all around her for something to put in front of the tires to give them traction, but there was nothing close by.  She wandered out into the snow and stepped off the road, thinking that she could find some brush to mix in with the snow beneath the tires, and when she was three feet off the roadside, she sank over her head into an invisible ditch.  The snow was suddenly above her head and still coming down in blankets.  She didn’t panic at first as she tried to dig her way out, but when she stopped to rest for a minute, she caught a sound over the wind that she wished she hadn’t heard.
“AHH-OOOOOOHHHHH!” howled out from one direction.
“AHH-AHH-AH-OOOOOOHHHHH!” came a yelp from another direction.
She didn’t need to see them to know what they were.  “Wolves,” Kerry said to herself, and a chill came over her heavily insulated body.  She was frozen to the bone with fear, and her heart began to race as if it were pumping ice cold water through her veins.  Her sister had told her stories of savaged bison calves that had been found in the Badlands, with nothing but pieces of hide and rib bones left as a reminder of the cruel circle of life.  Abby had told her that if they were hungry enough, the wild dogs could be incapable of compassion and would show no mercy toward any other animals, even their own cubs.
“AHH-OOOOOOHHHHH!”
The howling was getting closer, and she was still buried over her head in a ditch in the falling snow.  She thought then that she had made a serious mistake by walking so far away from the protection of the Jeep.  How had she wandered so far, so fast?  
There came another howl, and she started digging desperately with both hands, piling the snow beneath her boots, trying to build her way to solid ground as if her life depended on it.  There was little doubt that it did.  Each handful was freezing agony that she could feel through her double layer of gloves, and when she could stand the cold no longer, she used her forearms like brooms to drag the layers of white powder to her chest.  It was rough work, and she was out of shape for such labor.  Still, she threw the snow behind her, piling, piling, piling, and she could see she was making some progress, until one hand felt colder than the other.  She had been toiling so fervently that, before she had noticed it, one of her gloves had come off and was buried in the snow.  She thought about stopping to dig it up, but then she heard another yelp from yet another direction, and she went back to digging.  She tilled the snow with a renewed vigor, and she never saw that lost glove again.  One glove would have to do on that hand because it wasn’t worth dying over.  Time was against her, it seemed, but slowly, her head rose above the snow, then her shoulders, and finally her chest.  She paused for a moment to catch her breath, and that was when she saw the glowing green eyes staring at her hungrily from the snowy plains ahead.  She heard a bark behind her, and she whipped halfway around and saw bluish-pale eyes, unblinking with the craving of fervent hunger deep set behind the grey eyebrows.  There was intelligence in those staring eyes that pierced into her mind and her thoughts.  The wolves were watching her, reading her, and anticipating her every move.  These dogs were no simple hunters; they were experts at what they did.  Most importantly, there was no fear of her in their gaze.  She heard the crunch of snow at a ninety degree angle to the other two, and she spotted a third wolf with its head down beneath its shoulders, its jaws gaping and growling.
She had almost made it out of the ditch, but even so, she had been too slow for her own good.  Kerry was surrounded, and the unlocked Jeep was more than thirty feet away.  She was as scared in that moment as she had ever been in her life, and she was frozen in place, overcome with a paralyzing fear.  The wolves regarded her where she stood, out in the open on the snow-filled plain, and each one took a step towards her.  Kerry, statuesque in her paralysis, flicked her eyes side-to-side, watching the careful movements of the wolves as they studied her.  In their eyes, she imagined that they pictured her as a helpless child, a tiny dreamer who couldn’t find her way home from this bone-chilling nightmare.  Desperately, she closed her eyes to the world around her, and she inhaled a bitter gulp of the cold night air.  She had to calm her nerves so she could escape, but when she opened her eyes again, the wolves were three steps closer, and the droplets of saliva hanging from their bottom jaws shimmered in the raw moonlight.
“I’m going to die like a helpless lamb in this blasted snowstorm, and Abby will only find bones and bits of me strewn across the Badlands,” she told herself, and then she bit her bottom lip and squinted her eyes.  “I can’t let that happen,” she convinced herself.  Now, she had to convince the hungry wolves.
At that moment, one of the wolves, the one behind her and the smallest of the three, bounded over the soft snow with its jaws wide open.  Kerry’s heart raced with adrenaline, and she flipped around toward the wolf.  There was a ravenous canine hurtling at her weak side, hoping to take her down by clamping its jaws tightly around her soft young neck.  At the thought of being a helpless victim, anger rose up from deep within her.  Kerry clamped her fists, twisted her body, and she swung the stiffened knuckles of her fingers into the wet nose of the leaping wolf.  She twisted and ducked, and the wolf’s momentum carried it past her, its claws touching her hood as it sailed over her and rolled into the snow.  She sprinted as quickly as she could in the hip-deep snow, not waiting for it to recover.  She scooped up a handful of snow as she ran and molded it into a snowball between her hands.  The other two wolves closed in on her before she could make it to the Jeep, and when they blocked her from getting to the vehicle, she threw the snowball at the closest wolf and nailed it in the head.  That wolf stopped in its tracks and sank down into the deep snow where it had gouged the soft crystals.  Kerry picked up another handful of snow and kept running for the Jeep.  She was five feet away from the vehicle when the third wolf jumped into her path, and she lowered her shoulder and rammed the wolf into the Jeep’s metal door.  Then she pounded the solid snowball into the wolf’s nose and eyes, and she grabbed the door handle and quickly opened the Jeep.  She wasted no time, and she jumped inside, grabbed the door handle, and tried to slam it.
“Crap!” she yelled.
The door was almost shut when one of the wolves stuck its nose inside after her.  It bit and snarled, and she banged the wolf’s nose between the door and frame for good measure.  The wolf yelped and dragged its nose out of the gap, and she drew the door closed before either of the other two could get inside.
The wolves circled the Jeep, and they howled at her to let her know she was theirs.  She sat nervously in the Jeep with both her hands gripping the steering wheel so hard that her knuckles turned white.  She hadn’t realized it before, but she was crying, and the streams from the tears were frozen to her face.  The wolves had tried to scare her, and they had succeeded.  Yet what they hadn’t done was kill her, but with the way they were circling the Jeep, she thought they were determined to do so.
“What can I do?” she asked herself.  Kerry believed that if she stepped foot outside again, the pack would do whatever it took to kill her before the night was over.  No matter what happened, she had to stay in the safety of the Jeep through the night, even if she couldn’t drive the vehicle out of the snow.  When she had been outside before, she hadn’t made any progress with digging the Jeep out, but then she remembered abruptly that the car was an all-terrain vehicle.
“Stupid!” she swore at herself.  She slammed the Jeep into four-wheel drive and then into reverse to try to free it up, and it rolled back a foot.  Then she turned on the interior lights and looked over the transmission controls.  She had never driven it in deep snow like her sister had, but she thought she knew what to do.  She put the transmission into low gear, and she turned on the windshield wipers to remove the snow.  There in front of the Jeep was the wolf that had stared her down.  This one must be the Alpha, the one the others followed.  The interior lights shined in its eyes, and the wolf watched her through the windshield.  Those eyes were hypnotic, and she found it difficult, nearly impossible, to break that stare.

She felt her breathing ease, her heart rate slow as she sat there motionless, connected to the wolf through its eyes.  Then she heard it.  Licking and gentle pawing at the driver’s side door.  There was a wolf outside doing something to the door, though she couldn’t see what it was.  The same sounds came from the passenger door, and her curiosity perked up.  She reached her hand over to the manual crank and dared to crack the driver’s window an inch.  What she saw brought terror into her very bones.  The wolf was slapping the door handle with the pad of its paw, hoping to release the door lock.  As she watched in cold disbelief, the wolf clicked the door open and stuck its nose and teeth into the crack.
“No!!  What do you want with me?!” Kerry screamed at the wolves.  She didn’t know about the antler covered in alien goo that her sister had stuffed in the back of the Jeep.  She only knew she had to survive.  She grabbed the driver-side door handle, slammed it shut, and then clicked the manual lock as fast as she could.  She saw the wolf through the cracked window, licking its nose and teeth where she had nipped it with the door.  She hadn’t really hurt it when she had slammed the door so hard, but she wished she had.  The other door was still being tinkered with, and as she reached over the seat to flip the lock, the door came open.  She was almost to the lock, but it was several inches further away then and when she stretched to reach it, a wolf’s head pried it open and snapped its jaws at her.  The deep snow on that side of the Jeep had prevented the door from coming open all the way, but the wolf was trying to wiggle its way inside.  Kerry slammed the gas pedal with her foot.  The Jeep gained traction and rocked forward a foot.  The wolf backed away from the Jeep to assess the new situation, and that gave her a second to throw herself over the gearshift and grab the passenger door handle with both hands.  She slammed that door and flipped the lock down.
There was silence, and she sat with both hands on the steering wheel, staring out the front windshield.  There was snow falling in the headlights, but the Alpha dog was gone.  “Where is it?” she thought.  Then she heard pawing at the back door, the one that served as the trunk.  “Was it locked?” she asked herself in a panic.  Most likely it wasn’t, but . . . .
Instinctively, she threw the transmission in reverse and stomped the gas pedal again.  The Jeep flew backward and spun over the snow with greater confidence, and she heard a yelp through her cracked window.  She stopped the Jeep and stuck her head down at the open window to look into the side mirror to see if she had pinned the wolf.  She saw exhaust floating in the air and red lights from her foot on the brake, but no dog.  She leaned in closer, and in a flash, sharp teeth and jaws flailed at her face and tried to get to her through the narrow crack.  Startled, Kerry jumped back in the seat.  Three jaws and six paws all pried at the cracked window, and she rolled it up as fast as her arms would go.  The wolves didn’t stop there though; they were voracious.  They hunched back and lunged at the window with their sharp claws first, scratching the glass.  Kerry was so frightened that she stepped on the gas pedal again before shifting gears and went backward several more feet until she remembered the ditch was somewhere back there.  The wolves watched and waited until she stopped again, and then they began to pound on her window once more.  Kerry put the Jeep in drive, and she mashed the pedal beneath her foot, and this time, the Jeep didn’t stop when it hit the mound of snow in front of it.  She jumped it and broke free, steering her way down the road again.  She didn’t look back, and she pushed through the deep patches on the road at five to ten miles an hour, which was as fast as she could go.  The Jeep got stuck several more times that night, but she was too full of fear and adrenaline to let the vehicle sit still for more than a few seconds.  Her progress was too slow, and she knew that if the wolves had been desperate enough to attack the Jeep just a few minutes before, then they would follow her patiently wherever she went down the road.

Chapter 6
*
Two hours later, after many stops, starts, and reversals, she was parked in Joshua Hawkins’ driveway.  There was a security light shining from the top of a creosote pole, and she could see the front yard and the vicinity around the Jeep.  She looked carefully all the way around her, but she didn’t spot anything.  She opened the door and got out into the snow, and then she quietly closed the car door, wary of making any sounds that would carry across the plain.  Then she ran as fast as she could through the deep snow, and she tripped and fell face first into the cold white.  She scrambled to get up, and when she finally got to her feet, she looked behind her and saw the glowing eyes of the Alpha just outside of the perimeter of the security light, cautiously watching her from a distance.  She ran the rest of the way up the front steps of the porch, and she beat on the front door until the lights came on inside.  She turned around and scanned the yard again, and there at the edge of the light stood the wolf, waiting.  Kerry screamed for someone to open the door, and a few seconds later, the porch lights came on and the whoosh of the front door opening came to her ears.  The wolf turned and went behind a nearby bush, and Kerry pushed past Josh who stood sleepily in his robe in the dark.
“Kerry?  What is it?  What’s wrong?” Joshua asked with genuine concern, but when he saw Kerry’s face inside the hood, he didn’t have to wait for an answer.  “Kerry, you’re white as a sheet.  You could freeze to death out there on a night like this.  What are you doing out here at this time of night in a blizzard?” he asked.  She lingered over his welcome mat nervously and stomped the snow from her boots just inside the door.  She wanted to talk, but she couldn’t say anything because she was still in shock.  He let her gather herself, and when she finished shaking the piles of snow off her wet boots, she seemed to come to her senses.  Her lower lip quivered, and she bit it before finally moving out of his way so that he could close the front door and flip the entry lights on.
“Joshua,” she said breathing so fast that she was hyperventilating.
“Hey, hey, calm down, will ya,” he said, and she clasped her gloves together and took a deep breath, trying to do what he wanted.  He noticed that she was wearing two different gloves on her hands, a fashion mistake most ladies wouldn’t dare make.  One was soaking wet, and the other was dry, as if she may have lost the other wet one somewhere along the way.  “Now, what’s wrong that you’re out here alone on Christmas night?  Where’s your sister?”
“She’s at home.  I came by myself,” she said, and then she looked up into his eyes.  “I saw wolves, too.  They tried to get in the Jeep every time I stopped, and I didn’t think I was going to make it here.  Well, I don’t think I would have if you hadn’t opened the door when you did.”
“Wolves,” he said as if he knew, and he ran to the window and pulled back the curtains.  He scanned the front yard but saw nothing.  The snow had picked up again, and visibility was down to about ten feet.  He closed the curtain and saw again how afraid the girl was.  “Let’s put some coffee on the stove and get you warmed up, okay?  Three miles driving on dirt roads in that old metal box is hard work in this weather,” he said, and she looked down at her boots in shame.  “You’re thirteen and don’t even have a license.  Wolves,” he continued, shaking his head.  “Follow me.”
“I . . . ,” she started, on the verge of saying something profound, and he stopped and waited for her to finish.  “I . . . I don’t drink coffee,” she said.  He put his hand on her shoulder and gently smiled.
“I’ll drink the coffee, and let’s get you some hot chocolate instead.”  Josh always had a special way of making her feel better.  A few minutes later, they were talking across from each other at his kitchen table.  She told him the whole story of the trip to his house, and he listened intently until she finished.  Her hands had stopped shaking, and she was beginning to thaw out.  “That’s some story.  Tell me, what would have happened if you had gotten stuck out there?”
“I don’t know, and I don’t want to think about it either.  I didn’t, and that’s what matters.  See, I have my phone,” she said and held up her wrist.  There was a watch on it that could be used to make phone calls, among other things.
“That’s old technology, kid.  You’d be lucky if you could get through to anyone with that thing,” he said and showed her his new wi-fi contact lenses.  “Now, these are the way an old guy communicates.”
“Can you see the future?” she asked.
“Well, . . . no.”
“Then they’re not so special.  Besides, I can’t wear those things because I’ve got good vision,” she said.
“I used to, but I need readers these days,” he admitted and then bent forward and squinted at her.  “Even with these special lenses, I can’t see why you risked going out in the middle of the night in a blizzard.  Are you going to explain that to me?”
“I’m here because I need your help.  And Rue needs you, too,” she said and held out the beeper with Rue’s message on it.  Joshua read the words with his new contacts, and he handed it back to her.
“He’s in deep space on a private ship, probably half-drunk by the poor spelling,” he said, and he saw those words hurt her.  “Oh, forgive an old fool.  I didn’t mean to say it like that.  How is it that I can help?”
“You were with the Air Force.  Can’t you fly us out into space to meet him?”
“No, I think you’re looking for someone in the Space Force, not the Air Force.  There’s a difference.”
“What’s the difference?  You can fly, can’t you?”
“I used to fly, yeah, but the key word is ‘air’, which is extremely different from ‘space’,” Joshua explained.  “I’m sorry, but I can’t help you.”
“Please,” she said and got up from her chair to stand at his side.  She put her head next to his and hugged him tight.  “I already lost my mom and dad.  I can’t lose Rue, too.”
He looked over at her, and his heart went out to her.  Josh was an old softy for the girl, and he put his hand on top of her head.  “Now, now.  Let me make some calls, and I’ll see what I can do,” he told her, and he got up from the table.  They walked down the hallway to his desk where he kept a list of military contacts.
“You can’t call Abby,” she insisted.  Josh was silent for a moment.
“Fine, but you know she’s going to be worried sick over you,” he said.
“She’s only thinking about digging up bones.  I’m worried about finding my uncle.”
He knew Abby well enough to know Kerry was right, and he didn’t argue.  Thirty minutes later, he had scheduled two next-day tickets on a private ferry going from Rapid City and straight into orbit.  After he had packed a few things for the trip, they went into his garage where he kept his druck, which was a drone truck combo.  With Kerry in the passenger’s seat, Joshua got into his druck, and he programmed in the destination.  There was no need for him to shovel any snow; he simply clicked the garage door opener.  The druck’s propellers started spinning, and it lifted off the concrete, hovered out of the garage, and rose into the air.  There were no wolves waiting outside his house that he could see, but there were tracks in the snow that led around the perimeter of the home.  That was curious behavior for a wolf, indeed, but he supposed he could worry about that when he returned.  He kept his eyes on the sky, and his ears on the engines.  His druck was a newer model, and he hoped they wouldn’t break down between there and Rapid City.  The last thing he wanted to do that day was fight off those wolves in the snow.  There were wireless markers that transmitted signals along the road, and the druck detected the signals and flew between the lines.  He glided at about half the speed limit in the snow, and when he entered the Rapid City Interstellar Spaceport, he landed his druck in long-term parking.
“I sure hope we can get past the initial security without any hiccups,” he said to Kerry.  “I’m really pretty nervous.  I know we’re helping your uncle, but we’re doing this without your sister’s permission, and she’s your legal guardian.”
“I left her a note on the refrigerator.  She’ll be mad at first, and then she’ll understand.  Now, how are you going to get me past security at RCIS?” she asked him.
“You see the trouble now, don’t you?  If I get caught with you, it’s going to look like I’m kidnapping you, when it’s really the other way around,” he said to her and winked.  “Whatever you do, just keep quiet; silence is golden,” he told her, and they lined up in the security procession with everyone else going to Lunar Space Port III.  From there, Joshua had arranged two berths on a cruiser going to the Andromeda Galaxy.  The distance was about 2.5 million light years away, or about 1.475 x 10^19 miles away.  It was certainly not a day trip.
The security line went quickly, and when everyone ahead of them had been processed through, Joshua stepped into the metal detector.  The buzzer went off when he came through on the other side, and three security droids rolled up to him.
“Please present your identification,” the lead robot said, and Joshua handed him his passenger’s license to fly.  “Joshua Nestle Hawkins,” the droid said, except Nestle sounded like Nest-luh instead of the candy maker.
“Yes?” he answered with audible irritation.  The droids were trained in the art of cool indifference and didn’t react to his sarcasm.
“Please step back into the x-ray.  We must obtain a reassessment of your previous scan,” the droid said and tilted its head down to look at him.  The other two droids followed the first one’s motions, and the three androids watched him go through the x-ray again.
“Hip replacement,” one droid said, and the other two agreed.  “You may go through, Mr. Hawkins.  Next.”
Kerry walked up to the metal detector and went through with no trouble.  When she came out on the other side, the primary droid said, “Please show me your identification.”  She showed the droid her ID, and the droid waved her on.  She joined Joshua and kept moving through the port.
“Apparently, they don’t care about anything unless you have some metal in your body,” Joshua said with a shrug of his shoulders.  “The world’s changed since I was young.  It used to be that children had to have an adult relative with them when they traveled.”
“My sister told me that they no longer hold an age limit either, as long as you can pay for the ticket,” Kerry confessed.  “When it comes to identification, she said they only really care about the androids.  The people are a replaceable commodity.”
“You knew you could get through security before we got here?” he said to her and shook his head.  “Eh, I should have known it myself, but I don’t keep in touch with how the world travels anymore.  It’s one of the reasons I moved to the Badlands, to get away from people in general and keep to myself.”
“You have tricked-out contact lenses though?”
“They’re not that special.  Optometrists are like bugs.  They’re everywhere these days, and you can’t get away from them.”
Kerry suddenly realized a truth about her neighbor that she had not known before.
“Is helping me a bother to you?” Kerry asked.
“What?” Joshua answered and took a pause to process what she had just asked.  He stopped and stretched out his hand to her shoulder.  “No, you’re not a bother.  Don’t pay any attention to me.  I’m just a crotchety old fart who has spent most of his career getting paid to sit in a hole in the ground, watching television and playing solitaire and waiting for the command to issue orders on the launch of a missile.  Even in the service, I had more contact with people than I do now.  You see, there was always another missileer with me at all times ‘cause it took two people pushing two buttons at the same time to authorize a launch.  I was never completely alone in the service, but since I retired to the ranch, I’ve got no one else around to talk to.  If anything, you and Abby have saved me from becoming a hermit.  I look at what we’re doing here now as an opportunity to return just a little bit of what you’ve given to me.”
Kerry smiled.  She was happy to hear that Mr. Hawkins didn’t mind helping her get to her uncle.  Together, they walked quietly out to the launch pad of the ship, and they boarded on time.
Two hours later, they had docked with Lunar Space Port III.  They had changed ships safely and were in orbit around the moon.  The captain of the cargo ship positioned the bow toward the Andromeda Galaxy, and he hit the ‘Fold’ command on the screen with a touch of his finger.  Everything disappeared around them as space folded in on itself.
Two days later, they were parked at the ‘Last Stop’ space station.
“Time to exit,” Josh said to Kerry, and they disembarked from the cargo ship.  “Have you heard from your sister?”
“No,” she said, but that wasn’t exactly true.  In fact, it wasn’t true at all.  Abby had texted her on her watch, and she had even tried to call her, but Kerry hadn’t answered.  She didn’t want her big sister to stop her from going to see their uncle Rue.  Rue liked to binge drink, and Abby didn’t exactly approve of him.  Kerry loved him though and hoped she could save him from his demons.
Could she save him from the demons though?
**********
After she woke up the next morning and found that her Jeep had been stolen, Abby took her miniplane and followed the Jeep’s tracks all the way to Mr. Hawkins’s house down the road.  She couldn’t call him their next door neighbor because his house was not within rock-throwing distance, but he was their closest neighbor anyway.  She found her Jeep parked at his house, and she knocked on the door.  Nobody answered.  She peeped into the garage and saw that his druck was gone.  Wherever he had gone, he had not come back.  Abby looked in her Jeep, and there were no clues inside for her to go by to find her sister.
Nothing.
Then she did what anybody would do when their kid sister went missing.  She called the police, and they told her they would be there in three hours.  She told them that her sister was missing and so was her neighbor.  They told her that they would send out a police drone shortly.  There had been a few accidents in the air because of the snow, and she would have to be patient.  She said she would and hung up on them.  Then she drove home to look through Kerry’s things.  When she went inside and entered the kitchen, she looked on the refrigerator where Kerry would usually leave a note, but there was none.  She went upstairs and tore her sister’s room apart looking for any clues she could find concerning her sister’s disappearance, but she couldn’t find anything that would tell her why her sister had suddenly departed in the middle of the night.
“Where did you go, Kerry?” she asked herself.  It was a mystery.
Three hours later, she met the police out at Joshua Hawkins’s place, and there was still no sign of her sister, or of Mr. Hawkins.
After she had answered a million questions from the authorities and filled out a missing person’s report, Abby went home, stood with the refrigerator door open, and looked at the empty shelves.  She had been so full of adrenaline when she was talking with the police that she hadn’t settled down to her new reality.  Then it suddenly sank in on her, and she began to honestly believe that something really awful had happened to her sister.  She closed the refrigerator door and walked away with swelling tears in her eyes, and she failed to notice the yellow corner of the sticky note that had fallen off the door of the appliance and blown beneath the refrigerator.  If she had seen the note, she would have saved herself a lot of grief.
Chapter 7
*
Captain Cribbs was thinking alone in his quarters.  He had had a really bad holiday, and he thought it was going to get a little bit better when they found the wreckage.  He was wrong and his hopes were dashed because he wasn’t able to rescue two of his crew members.  What was worse, he couldn’t even recover their bodies.
The captain drummed his fingers on the arm of his recliner, and he swore under his breath.  He couldn’t make sense of the whole scenario, and not understanding what had happened was killing him inside.  There were just too many questions that needed to be answered.
Why did the wreckage still have a measurable atmosphere inside, but no bodies?
Why was there animal hair in the wreckage?
Where were the two missing bodies of his crew?!
Clearly, that last one bothered him the most.  There had been no sign of Dr. Skoll or of Rue anywhere within the wreckage of the ship.  They should have come away with at least two corpses, but they hadn’t.  They had searched the wreckage for several hours until their oxygen levels went low, and the only interesting artifacts they had found on board were a repair android and some animal hairs matted with goo.  In other words, they found next to nothing.
Cribbs slouched back in the chair and held a picture of Dr. Skoll between his thumb and index finger.  He hadn’t known her for very long.  He had hired her on when she had answered an ad placed on one of the websites based on Saturn’s moons.
“Saturn.  Wasn’t one of Saturn’s moons named Skoll?” he asked himself.  He sat up in bed and snatched a computer pad, and he accessed ORC.  He typed the word ‘skoll’ into the search engine of choice, and sure enough, that was the name of one of Saturn’s many moons.  In the weeks that she had been on board, he had never made that connection, and he suddenly felt very stupid.  “I wonder what else I missed,” he said and sat her picture on the end table next to his chair.  He read on about the origin of the word ‘skoll’ and found that it was the name of a warg that was destined to destroy the sun at Ragnarok.  “Great.  That makes me feel better,” he said.  Then he held up a picture of Rue, and he thought of the last night Rue had been free.  The engineer had spent his time getting wasted at the bar, but Cribbs had tolerated it.  Rue had family back on earth, two nieces that he sent money to occasionally, and he hadn’t had the heart to break the news to them yet.  “Because I wanted confirmation before I sent the news,” he told himself again.
The scanner buzzed in his room, and he put his finger on the touchpad to acknowledge.
“Yeah,” he said.
“Captain, I just finished lookin’ over the android you brought back from the wreckage, and I think you should see somethin’,” Schmidt said.
“What is it?  Go ahead and tell me,” he said, not wanting to leave the comfort of his chair.
“Really, I can’t put it into words, Captain.  You need to come down to the lab and give it a look.”
Cribbs sat the pictures of Dr. Skoll and Rue down on the table, and he shook his head and let go of the microphone button so that he could swear without being heard.
“Captain?”
Cribbs flicked his finger down on the button.  “Yeah, yeah.  I’m on the way over,” he said and let off the microphone.  “Never any rest on a ship,” he said and stood up to stretch his cracking joints.  He wasn’t that old, but he wasn’t that young anymore either.  He was forty-six, but he felt sixty-six at that moment.
In the lab, the captain joined the other five remaining crew members who were gathered.  Six people left on board where there had been ten total.  They had lost four members when the meteors had struck three weeks before.  They were short-handed, and there were no space ports nearby to recruit new mates.  There was the captain, Schmidt, Harry, Uma, Patsy, and Jessie, and after they finished with the wreckage, Cribbs’ plan was to proceed with the recovery of as much gold as they could carry from the collision of the two neutron stars.  The captain suspected that everyone with a cargo ship in the Milky Way and Andromeda galaxies, including pirates and mercenaries, would be going to the same place they were going, but the captain had an advantage over all of the others.  He knew how to get there in this lifetime, which was something the other captains could not do.  His advantage was that Captain Cribbs had a map to the wormhole that emptied into the same system as the two neutron stars which had collided.  In other words, he had a treasure map.
“Captain, I’ve been lookin’ this android over pretty well, and I have to say, it’s in good shape,” Schmidt said.
“Really?  So nothing was corroded?” Cribbs asked.
“What?  Are you kiddin’?  Nothin’ to worry about there.  The wreckage sensors had recorded no measurable humidity on board before you evacuated the air.  The ship’s air filters had frozen out the water for recyclin’ before the crash, and the two passengers must have frozen to death quickly to keep the levels so low.  No moisture equals no corrosion,” Schmidt explained.  “Also, after you vented the atmosphere, the pressure of the low vacuum in space had no effect on the metal wirin’ inside the electronics, and the cold temperature actually helped the semiconductors’ functionality.  Again, the biggest worry was moisture intrusion, and there was absolutely no humidity in space that could have caused any corrosion problems between the circuits.  To put it simply, it was dry and cold inside the runaway section of the Green Dragon.”
“Great.  The android is dry and functional,” Cribbs said.  “But what does it do?”
“Captain,” Uma interrupted.  “The android has an audio message on it that you should hear.  That’s the real reason we called you in,” she said.  “Show him.”
Jessie pressed a button on the back of the droid’s head, and the android began to play a recorded message.
“The transformation is both astonishing and scary at the same time.  I don’t think I can . . . ,” the monotone computer voice said and stopped abruptly.  Everyone waited for more and looked at Captain Cribbs when nothing else came out but static.
“Is that it?” he asked, not at all impressed.
“Yeah, I’ve heard it three times already.  That’s it,” Uma said.
“That voice is a computer translation of a typed message, and it sounds incomplete.  Is there any indication of who typed it out on the properties for the file?” the captain asked.
“I checked, and it says ‘Milky Way Chemical’, the company that owned the robot in the first place,” Uma said.
“That makes sense, but it doesn’t help,” Cribbs said.
“The date of the recording, however, would interest you,” Uma said, and the captain’s eyebrows rose.  “It was recorded on December 25, 2094.”
“The night the ship was blown up?” the captain said.  “Which means that Dr. Skoll or Rue had to have recorded that message.”
“Maybe, unless there was someone else,” Jessie chimed in.
“There wasn’t anyone else on board,” the captain insisted.  “We would have picked them up with the thermal scanners.”
“You say that, but we didn’t know about the animal on board either,” Jessie argued.
“Animal?  What animal?” Uma asked.  Cribbs shook his head.  He hadn’t wanted anyone to know about the evidence yet because he had wanted to probe the crew to see who was guilty of bringing an animal aboard.  So much for plans.
“We found some hair and saliva in one of the closets.  It looks like someone may have been smuggling an animal on board,” the captain said.
Jessie held up a hand.  “You should know I checked out the sample in the DNA identifier,” she said.  “There were two types of hair present in the sample.  The first was human.  The second was a wolf hybrid that’s found in the Solar System.”
Cribbs looked puzzled.  “A wolf?  Okay, but whose DNA was the human’s?  Anyone on board?” the captain asked.
“I had the same questions, and I wish I could tell you the answers, but I can’t,” Jessie admitted.  “The DNA might match someone on board, but it’s too corrupted with the wolf DNA to tell exactly who.  Maybe if we had some better equipment on board and an expert in DNA analysis, we could tell who it was, but I’m no expert.”
“And we’re out in the middle of nowhere,” Uma added.
“Our ship’s location beacon is still transmitting, so if I send a message out to the Andromedan authorities . . . ,” the captain started.
“You’ll have the Lofindrans coming down on us,” Jessie said.  “Those creeps are nothing more than pirates with badges.  Maybe you should turn the beacon off.”
“Not yet.  If something happens to the integrity of the outer ring, and it could with the damage we sustained, it’s better to take our chances with being boarded by the Lofindrans than never being found at all,” Cribbs reasoned, and he thought of what had happened to Dr. Skoll and Rue as evidence of his belief.
“All right then where do we go from here?” Uma asked, but she knew the answer.  
“Where we set out to go in the first place.  To the binary star system,” Cribbs answered.
Then he lost himself in thought for a moment.
**********
The Green Dragon was damaged but still intact, and even though Cribbs had made a fortune during the war, the captain’s resources had dwindled with the growing competition in the intergalactic hauling industry.  That was the reason they were going toward the collision of the two stars.  It was the modern day gold rush of 2095, and every pirate and merchant in the known galaxies had their plans to bring back a large fortune from deep space.
Cribbs’ plan for getting to the planet-sized chunks of gold was different from everyone else’s in the universe.  He had been lucky in his travels because Cribbs had stumbled across a small wormhole on the far outer reaches of the Andromeda galaxy.
Years before . . .
He was alone in a small freight vessel delivering fuel and dried fruit when he had come across a bright square of light in the middle of a dark patch of deep space.  He guided the ship around the mysterious square of stars, and when he had passed by it, he noticed that the stars disappeared on the opposite side of the square, almost as if the square were sheet of paper with writing on one side.  Ahead of schedule and curious about the observance, he veered the freighter off course and circled back to the point where he could see the bright square again.  When the quilt of bright stars came into view, he slowed the ship down and made a marking on a three-dimensional map so that he could find it again.  He gazed into the square patch as if it were a computer screen, and he noticed that the gravity readings on the ship’s detectors were registering a greater force than he had recorded on the other side of the square patch.  Letting his curiosity lead him and fearing nothing but the loss of opportunity, Cribbs set a course into the bright, flat square of light, and when he had crossed the threshold, he found that the square of light opened up all around him into another supercluster of stars.  He recorded locational readings to confirm his discovery and found that there were no known radio repeaters within the vicinity.  He was in an unknown and untraveled part of space.  Looking into the rearview, he saw a square patch of darkness within the new area, a window into the Andromeda galaxy from where he had come, and it was then that he knew he had made a life-changing discovery.  His legs became weak under him, and he plopped down in his pilot’s seat, combing through his hair with his hands and thinking over the breadth of this finding.  It was a passageway from one galaxy to another.  He had never seen such a thing before, but he had always heard that the possibility existed.
“What am I supposed to do now?” he asked himself.  Deep in contemplation, he slowed the ship down, and he made notes of his whereabouts.  Then he did the only thing he could have done to determine where he was currently located in three-dimensional space.  Cribbs set out a hyper light speed transmitting beacon that sent out a repeating signal of waves in fourteen directions as if the beacon were a cube:  six to represent the positive and negative directions of each axis, or the centers of each side of a cube, and eight more in the corners of the imaginary cube.  Each of the signals was slightly different from the others, having a hexadecimal representation of the particular direction, and another set of numbers for the time.  Then he looked at his watch to set the time on the beacon and saw that it registered all zeros for every number.  He thought about what was happening with the electronics and realized that the watch was set by signals received from the telecom company, Pleiades Communications.
“What is going on?” he asked himself.  He was out of range, and the watch was telling him as much.  He pulled an old mechanical pocket watch out of the desk in his office, and he found that where he had been ahead of schedule before, he was running behind and at risk of incurring late fees from the shipping company he was representing.  He set the beacon’s time and quickly double-checked the beacon’s signal integrity, and when he was satisfied that it was doing what he intended, he swung the ship around and flew through the dark square in space and into the Andromeda galaxy.  He came out on the other side, and he looked down at his watch.  The numbers had updated to match the mechanical watch, give or take a few minutes, and that confirmed his return to a known galaxy so he slowed the ship down again.  He was behind schedule, but he wasn’t finished yet.  He needed to mark the spot somehow so that he could find it again, but in such a way that he would not bring anyone else to the spot.  Again, he marked an imaginary cube in space with the square wormhole in the center, and he placed six more beacons around the wormhole, each with a short weak signal, just above the minimum threshold for detectability, with a long lapse of time between each pulse.  By doing so, he hoped that anyone flying through this bit of space would speed through without ever picking up any of the signals.  If they did happen to pick up a pulse, they would be gone before it would repeat.  Cribbs marked the spot on a deep space map, and he made notes of distances from that point to his final delivery destination.  Cribbs then set his signal detectors in the ship to trigger and record when the signal from the far away cluster was detected, but after a few months of silence, reality had set in that it was too far away to detect and that he might never hear the signal again.
In his mind, he believed that setting up those transmitters at the original location was the best he could have done under the circumstances, and so far as he knew, the beacons and the wormhole were still in position where he had placed them.  What had transpired three years after discovering the wormhole and setting the beacons was this . . .
Cribbs was on a similar delivery trip into the Andromeda galaxy when things changed.  The captain got up in the middle of a sleep cycle to visit the facilities, and when he returned to his bunk, he noticed that an LED was blinking on his computer.  Annoyed with the disturbance to his rest, he threw a shirt over the light and laid back down to go to sleep.  He was drifting off again when he remembered that the LED was the receiving beacon’s trigger signal.  He jumped out of bed and rubbed the sleep from his eyes as the computer booted up.  He wasted no time in triangulating the readings with the direction of the fourteen signals of the beacon, and he entered the time reading from the beacon.  Compiling the information together, his computer drew a line in space with a point representing the location of the beacon on a holographic map in the center of his room.  From the three-dimensional projection, he completed the map of his discovery from three years before.  Using ORC to pinpoint the beacons in the galaxies of the known universe, he found that the other side of the wormhole was actually located in the Perseus-Pisces Supercluster, approximately 250 million light years from earth.
Captain Cribbs sat back in his chair and stared at the hologram.  Inside, he was reeling at the discovery, and after a few stunned moments of silence, he suddenly had the uncontrollable urge to tell the crew what he had stumbled across, to shout it out for all of the universe to hear.  He didn’t though.  Instead, he clasped his hands together, and he thought about the business side of his accidental discovery and what it could mean for him.  He had found a shortcut to a faraway galaxy, and he could be the first one to open up trade between the Andromeda Galaxy and the Perseus-Pisces Supercluster.  He looked at the door to his room, considered the implications of revealing the secret to his crew, and then he stared at the holographic map.  For a few moments, he contemplated the consequences of revealing his secret, and when he had finally resolved his decision, he spoke aloud to his personal computer.
“ORC,” he said to the computer.
“Yes, Captain,” the computer replied.
“Log this location on the map for me.  Call it ‘Mordor’,” he instructed ORC.
“Marked as ‘Mordor’,” ORC replied.
“Close the program,” Cribbs ordered, and the hologram disappeared.
With no further deliberation, Cribbs turned out the lights and went to bed.  Again, he had logged his findings away and kept quiet, telling no one of his discovery.
Four more years passed, and after the earth waged war with the moons of PA-99-N2, a massive planet in the Andromeda galaxy, Cribbs became preoccupied with the war efforts and forgot about the wormhole entirely.  He found prosperity in remaining neutral in the war and selling supplies to both sides of the conflict.  He made a small fortune, and any thoughts of ‘Mordor’ had long since passed out of his immediate recollection.  He had upgraded ships during this period of time, going from a small freighter to the massive Green Dragon.  He maintained a light crew to keep expenses low, and he traveled back and forth from Andromeda, subconsciously avoiding the wormhole he had found for fear of someone else picking up the signals from the surrounding beacons.  Then the war ended, and everybody went from fighting to transporting again.  With renewed competition, profit margins narrowed.  He started running low on money when competition turned from fierce to cutthroat, and he reduced labor even further to stay solvent.  Then it happened one day while his crew was watching the news from earth.  Someone had detected the imminent collision of two stars in, of all places, the Perseus-Pisces Supercluster.  He sat at the bar with his crewmates, and when the astronomer on the news announced that the collision would create planet-sized chunks of heavy metals, primarily gold, Cribbs dropped his beer and shattered his mug.
“Everything all right?” the bartender had asked.
“Oh, yeah.  Um, my fingers were slippery,” he said uncertainly to Patsy.  “Quite a discovery by that astronomer, huh?”
“Sure.  It’ll be a gold rush.  All the people with no hope and no money will give up everything they have to run out there on broken-down starships and freighters.  Pirates will be waiting for them, and in the end, they’ll never be seen again.  Like us,” she said.
Cribbs looked at her through a new lens.  “That’s cheery.  You should have more hope.  More faith.”
“In what?  I’m just sayin’.  The rich get richer, and the poor get poorer.  Or they die in the process.”
Cribbs couldn’t argue with her, but he still hated to hear such dour thoughts.  He drank three more beers after that and reminded Patsy to keep checking resumes for an engineer.  He told her that he liked the one from Earth, Rue Rumfeldt, and he asked her to see about picking him up when they returned to the Solar System.  Then he stumbled down the hall and locked himself in his room where he tried to remember the name of the holographic map.  It had been so long since he had thought about it, and the alcohol he had consumed wasn’t helping him think clearly either.  He knew it was from one of his favorite books, The Lord of the Rings, and after trying several familiar terms from the book, ‘Mordor’ triggered the file from ORC’s memory.  ORC opened up the map before him in the center of the room, and Cribbs stared at it blankly until he had passed out.  The next morning, his hangover throbbed, and the leftover light from the hologram made his eyes hurt.  The image was still on in the center of the room, and he put on sunglasses so that he could look at the location of the beacon he had left within the Supercluster many years before.  Then, he asked ORC to find the location of the colliding stars, and when he drew the short line between the beacon and the colliding stars, he realized that he had a potential gold mine at his fingertips.
**********
Back to the present . . .
Cribbs was the only person in the universe who knew the way to the wormhole, and that wormhole was the shortcut to unimaginable wealth.  The meteors that had damaged his ship were suspicious, and he didn’t understand why there had been a wolf smuggled on board the ship.  There was more to be uncovered, but he had to hope that whatever treachery had been planned had died with the four crew members he had lost.  Otherwise, they were in for a long journey.
“I think we’ve spent enough time on this for now,” he told Uma and Jessie, and he sat the android down on the examination table.  “Let’s get back to our stations.  I have some special instructions for you when we reach our destination,” he explained, and they left the room as he ordered.  Cribbs looked over at the android, and he stared at it.  At that moment, Harry popped into the room.
“Captain?”
“Yes,” he said as he snapped out of his concentration.
“If you’ve got a minute, you’re going to want to come to the main dock,” Harry said, and the captain motioned why with his hands.  “We’ve got visitors.”
Chapter 8
*
Cribbs stood there in the main dock with his hands clasped behind his back, wondering what this Space Force ship was doing in the hangar, particularly when they were out of the Space Force’s borders.
“They hailed you before you let them board?” the captain asked.
“Of course, sir.  I’m not crazy,” Harry replied.
“You aren’t, but they might be.  To travel this far into Andromedan space with a military ship is suicide,” Cribbs explained.
“Maybe so.  There are only two people on board, and they claim to be civilians.  The story might hold, because the ship isn’t armed.  I checked before letting them board.”
“I should hope you did, but having no weapons in this galaxy only makes them seem more unhinged to me,” Cribbs said as the vacuum seal broke on the ship’s door.  A few seconds later, an old man and a teenage girl came down the set of steps.  The old man had the look of military, buzz cut hair and clean shaven.  The girl looked like she was straight off of a farm, maybe not the normal self-centered teenager, but she also didn’t look like someone who would have traveled this far from Earth.  The opinion that formed in his mind was that she was unremarkable.  When the old man reached the bottom of the steps, he saluted the captain.  The girl looked over and saw his gesture of respect and copied it.  She was no one special, but she had proven she wasn’t stupid.
“Greetings from South Dakota,” the old man said.
“Greetings from Mordor,” the captain said sarcastically before he realized he had slipped and used the word for the secret file.  “What brings a couple of earthers to this galaxy?”
“My name is Kerry, and this is Josh Hawkins.  We came out here to visit my uncle, Rue Rumfelt,” Kerry said.  She saw the captain’s expression change ever so slightly, and she sensed the change was not good.
“Well, I am sorry to hear that.  I should be the first to tell you that we have had an accident recently,” Cribbs said.
“I saw the missing section of the loop around your ship, Captain,” Josh said.  “Is everything all right?”
“No, everything is not all right,” Cribbs admitted with a sigh.  “We lost four members of our crew from a meteor collision.  Unfortunately, Rue was one of the four.”  Kerry took in a quick breath and lifted a hand to cover her mouth, tears instantly welling up in her eyes.  “It happened on December 25th, and we did everything we could to recover the bodies . . . .”
“Recover?  It wasn’t a rescue?” Josh asked, and Captain Cribbs shook his head, no.
“It’s space.  And it’s cruel,” the captain said, and he glanced over at Kerry and saw how upset the teenage girl had become.  “We tried to contact the next of kin for all of the crew by satellite video, and if we couldn’t reach any of them, then we sent written messages to the rest.  You should have received something by post last week.”
“But we left Earth just after Christmas.  I had a bad feeling, and, and, . . . ,” Kerry said before she lost her composure.
“She’s right,” Josh said.  “We’ve been traveling since Christmas, about the time your accident happened.  We would have passed right by the message between repeaters on the way here,” Josh said, and he put an arm around Kerry’s shoulder to comfort her.
“I’m sorry, I truly am,” Cribbs said, and Josh nodded while he embraced Kerry, who was sobbing into his coat.  “Is there anything we can do before you head back?”
“Head back?  We came such a long way and were planning on staying for a few days,” Josh said, and Cribbs grew silent before he finally answered.
“I’m sorry about what’s happened, but with the damage to my ship and with the loss of my crew members, I am not able to take you in at this time,” Cribbs said, and Harry nudged him with his elbow.
“Can I speak with you, Captain?  Just for a minute,” Harry said.  Cribbs told the visitors to wait where they were, and he went into the nearby dock office.  “Captain, I know this isn’t the time, but those two traveled a long way to visit Rue, and I think we owe them the courtesy of letting them stay on board for a couple of days.  You know, to see what Rue’s job was like.  After that, we can push them out, but kicking them off the ship as soon as they hear the news about Rue just seems wrong to me.  You get me?”
“Well, Harry, you’ve turned into the conscience of the ship all of a sudden.  What is it you want me to do?  We don’t run a hotel,” Cribbs argued.
“No, no, we don’t, and you don’t owe them anything.  The rules of open space tell us that, but, shoot, it just feels wrong.  Don’t you feel it in here?” he said and put a hand on his chest.
Cribbs listened to him, and he rubbed his forehead with his fingertips.  “Yeah, yeah, I get it, but you’re giving me a migraine,” the captain said, and he huffed and threw his hands up in the air.  “All right, they can ride with us two days max.  After that, we set our course to the binary stars like we planned.”
“Uh-huh, now that’s the captain I know.  The one that’s an old softy,” Harry said and slugged Cribbs in the upper arm.  Cribbs gave him a look, glaring at his back while Harry walked out of the office.  Cribbs put his hands on the back of his own neck and rubbed the tense muscles for a moment before going back out to the dock to speak with his visitors.  Kerry’s tears had slowed, and she was talking quietly to the old man with her.
“Josh and Kerry, on second thought, maybe we could let you hang around for a couple of days to see what it’s like to live on the Green Dragon.  Does that sound okay?”
“Yes, I think that’s fine for a couple days, if you have room,” Josh said with a partial grin, and he looked at Kerry to gauge her reaction.
“Okay,” she said quietly.  She was still in a state of shock over learning of her uncle’s death, and she was finding it hard to say more than a few words at a time without choking up.
“Good, it’s settled.  Kerry, you can stay with Jessie, and Josh, you can stay with Harry,” the captain said, and Harry escorted them both to the living quarters in the outer ring of the ship.  “I hope I’m not making a mistake,” Cribbs said to himself as he looked over their small ship.  It was definitely a transport vessel from the Space Force, but on closer inspection, it was an older model with some wear and tear on the outside.  The Space Force flew all of their ships for at least a ten-year period before they put the more routine transport models up for public auction.  This one was a ‘Neptune’ model, a sturdy, dependable ship, and it looked like a renter from Titan, the kind of ship most families took vacations with in the outer Solar System.
He leaned his back against the hull and crossed his arms, blew out a tired breath and closed his eyes.  Dealing with crew families was tough under normal circumstances, but fusing death into the mix made it that much more challenging.  He leaned against the ‘Neptune’ to relax and clear his mind, and when he did, he thought he heard and felt the soft padding of feet and claws clicking across the floor of the dock.  He snapped his eyes open and looked around the transport, but there was nothing, and the sound had stopped.  He stood still and listened again, and with his head near the engines of the ‘Neptune’, he heard the subtle clicks of the metal cooling.  Nothing else.  Maybe that was what he had heard, he thought, and he shook his head and walked over to the doorway to the Green Dragon’s corridors.  He looked back one last time and reassured himself that the sounds he had heard were from the engines cooling, and then he went to visit Patsy at the bar.  The door to the hangar closed behind him, and for a moment, the dock was a lonely and quiet place.  Then the padding of soft feet and hard nails came again, and the door to the Green Dragon’s corridors opened again.  A shadow passed through to the inside, and the door closed on its own.
For the first time since Cribbs and Jessie had returned from the wreckage, there was empty silence in the hangar.
********
In Jessie’s quarters, Kerry opened the closet where her uncle slept, and she sat her backpack down on the small bed.  She looked at the hard, cold metal walls that were nearly empty of anything interesting, and she wondered what her uncle saw of value in living in such a place.  Growing up with the big open skies of South Dakota, this cramped living arrangement seemed less like a place to work and more like a prison.
“What did he want to live in this place for?” she said to herself aloud.
“It was a place to work,” a voice came from behind her, and Kerry jumped in fright.  She had thought she was alone, but when she turned around quickly, she saw another woman in the room, standing with her arms crossed.
“Who are you?” Kerry asked, and Jessie sized her up with her eyes.
“Oh, I see the resemblance.  You have that same expression Rue used to get when he got caught saying something he shouldn’t,” the woman said and held out her hand for Kerry to shake.  “I’m Jessie,” she said, and Kerry took her hand and shook it.  Jessie had strong hands like Abby, and there were grease marks on her palms.  Kerry guessed that Jessie turned a lot of wrenches on the ship.  She was someone who could fix things, a mechanic, at least that’s the aura she gave off.
“I’m Kerry,” she said and let go of Jessie’s firm grip.
“Make yourself at home, at least for a couple of days,” Jessie said and went about her business.  There was an edge to her voice that kept others at a distance, and Kerry honored it by crawling up into Rue’s bed and closing her eyes.  She heard Jessie clinking around the room, and she tried to stay out of her way.  Then she sensed a shadow over her closed eyelids, and when she opened them, Jessie was standing above her with a huge pipe wrench.
“What are you going to do with that?” Kerry asked.
“Fix a leak, I guess,” Jessie said with a cold, hard stare.  “You coming?”
“Me?” Kerry asked, and Jessie rolled her eyes.
“Yes, you,” Jessie said.  “You’re Rue’s niece, for sure.”
Jessie led her down the corridor of what was left of the outer ring, and then she turned into the connector hallway that led to the central control hub of the ship.
“What’s leaking?” Kerry asked.
“Hydraulic fluid.  We used the crane the other day to check out the wreckage, and Schmidt noticed a leak coming from somewhere in the line,” Jessie explained.  “It’ll only take a few minutes to fix.”
“Oh,” Kerry said with uncertainty, and then a thought came to mind.  “Why couldn’t Schmidt fix it?”
“That’s what I said, but I’m the mechanic around here so I get to turn the wrench.”
They entered a mechanical room with a sign above the door that read ‘8-5-12-12’, and they went through a maze of rooms and corridors lined with pipes and cylinders of all kinds.  As they walked, the hair on Kerry’s arms stood up on end, and she stopped and turned around suddenly, searching for something with her eyes.  Jessie caught the movement of a shadow out of the corner of her own eye, and she stopped alongside Kerry.
“What’s wrong, girl?” Jessie asked.
“I don’t know.  It felt like someone was watching us,” she said and got a chill up her arms again.  Jessie looked around, and she didn’t see anyone, but she felt something, too.  Still, it was a small crew, and she knew that none of them were down there with them.
“There’s nobody watching us,” she told her, but Kerry didn’t look so certain.  “Come on, the leak won’t fix itself,” Jessie said as she went deeper in the maze.  Kerry followed in close behind; she didn’t want to be left alone in this section of the ship.  She couldn’t explain it, but something just didn’t feel right to her.  Every few steps that she took she thought that she heard the padding of feet mingled into all of the background noise of the machinery.  She kept Jessie in her sights, but every once in a while, she would turn around and look behind her, and every time, there was nothing.
“Still,” she thought, and suddenly, she let out a scream and jerked her arm away from a stinging sensation.  She brought her hand up to cover her forearm, and when she examined it, there was a glowing red mark there.  Jessie came running back and looked her over.
“You burned yourself on a steam pipe,” the mechanic said and pointed at the vertical steel conduit.  “Watch out for those.  They don’t change color whether they’re hot or cold, and the temperature sensors and gauges are few and far between.”
“Thanks for the warning,” Kerry said sarcastically.
“You’re welcome,” Jessie said.  “Also, watch out for the death lasers.  You can’t see them, but you’ll know if you hit one,” she said.  “Well, that’s not true.  I’ll know you hit one.”
“Death lasers?” Kerry asked, and Jessie couldn’t hide her grin.  “You’re just screwing with me, aren’t you?”
“Yeah,” she said and motioned for her to follow.  “Not all of the lasers will kill you.  Some of them are set to maim.”  From that point on, Kerry was more careful about touching anything.  They wound through the maze of corridors filled with pipes, plastic tubes, electrical boxes, drains, and vents until they reached a dark corner where a T-intersection of corridors appeared.  In that intersection, there sat a large multi-sectioned steel mechanism with rounded joints holding the sections together.  Jessie pointed at a wet spot in one of the joints.
“There,” she said.  “The crane has to be able to function out in the vacuum of space, and the hydraulic lines run through the center of the steel beams.  The fluid would outgas into space if there was a hole in the lining, so it’s important to keep the fluid encased in the best shield possible.  The sections of steel protect the hydraulic lines from getting hit by space debris, somewhat, but fluid under pressure will always find the weakest spot in the line every time.”
“What would happen if the leak was inside one of the steel beams?” Kerry asked.
“We would have to take the whole thing apart.  That’s several days of work and a pain in the rump,” Jessie told her as she grabbed a nearby ladder off the wall.  She propped it up beside the crane, and she climbed the ladder to examine the source of the leak.  “All right.  I found it, and we’re lucky this time.  The leak is in the joint outside of the steel beam.  We should be able to replace this short section of line without too much extra work.  Can you hand me that bucket over there?”  Kerry retrieved the empty bucket she asked for and handed it to her.
“What’s the bucket for?”
“To catch the fluid that comes out when I loosen up the connection.  Otherwise, we would get fluid everywhere,” Jessie said, and she turned manual valves on each side of the leaking tube to stop the flow of fluid.  She didn’t want to lose any more than necessary, and when she had the flow stopped on both sides of the joint, the little bit of fluid left inside dripped out.  Then she asked Kerry to get a specific wrench off the pegboard on the wall nearby to go with her pipe wrench.  Using both wrenches, she loosened the hose connectors at one end and then the other, and she handed the leaky piece of hose to Kerry as she climbed down from the ladder.  “Wait here.  I’ve got to get a replacement piece in my tool bench around the corner,” she said and walked out of sight.  Kerry stood there holding the leaky hose, and she turned it over to see where the fluid was coming out.  There was a tear in the lining shaped like a scratch, almost as if a claw had scraped across it, and Kerry plucked off a grey hair that was trapped in the fluid.
“Jessie!  I think I found something,” she said and held the stray hair up to examine it in the light.  She stood there waiting for Jessie to return, and time dragged on.  Kerry was as patient as any teenager could be, but as the minutes went by, she began to wonder why Jessie hadn’t returned.
“Jessie!” she called, and her voice echoed against the pipes of the corridor, but Jessie didn’t call back.  She looked at the hair and the ripped hose again, and she wondered what could have ripped it open to make it leak all of a sudden.  She wasn’t a mechanic, and she didn’t know the answer to what had caused the leak, but she did think it was taking Jessie too long to return.  “She went this way,” she thought, and she walked down the corridor that the mechanic had gone down.  The ceilings were low in this section, and there were many dark holes between panels on each side along the way, and she suddenly felt as if she were being closed in on each side.  Her heart started pounding, and sweat began to roll down her forehead.  She heard a clank behind her, which could have been just a water knock in one of the steam pipes, but she didn’t know for sure, and when she looked back, she thought she saw a shadow.  So she started walking faster, away from the shadow, until she reached the end of the corridor, and she looked both ways.  Jessie was nowhere in sight.
“Jessie!” she yelled out and made a turn to the left.  In the corridor behind her, she heard another clank of metal, and she stepped back and looked down the corridor where the ladder stood at the far end.  It looked much darker from this direction, a little creepy, and she thought she saw something move down beneath the ladder.  Something dark and brooding.
“Jes-sie!!” Kerry yelled again, and there was no answer, yet when she stared at the thing beneath the ladder, she thought she saw something with large fangs and claws coming out into the light.
“Jes-ssssieeee!!!” she screamed, but no one came.  Kerry didn’t look down the corridor again; she simply ran the length of the hall Jessie had gone down until she came to a set of metal steps that went up to the next level.  She bounded up the next landing and looked back once to see if anything was behind her.  She thought she saw something grey standing in a shaded spot midway back.  It was shadowy and so many of the overhead lights were dimmed or turned off completely down there in the mechanical area of 8-5-12-12 that she couldn’t say for sure what she was seeing.  Whatever it was, it moved quickly.  She turned right and ran ahead at a ninety degree angle, away from the previous corridor on the second level of perforated metal flooring, hoping to lose whatever it was that was following her.  If she couldn’t lose it, then she at least wanted to avoid crossing paths with it again.  She clanged along the second level corridor for at least a hundred yards straight, and she slammed into a solid metal door at the end labeled ‘Fire Exit – Alarm Will Sound If Opened’.  She hesitated, fearing what might happen if she opened the door, but when she turned around and looked down the darkened metal grating, she thought she saw something moving, coming toward her from the shadows.
“Jes-sie!” she yelled again, hoping against all hope that she would answer her, but the thing walked slowly toward her.  She knew it wasn’t Jessie because it didn’t walk like Jessie.  Its head seemed to hunch forward, and its feet swung heavily when it walked, as if it were not comfortable on two feet.  She decided that whatever it was, it was not a human at all.  She turned around 360 degrees looking for another way to leave, but unless she wanted to stay in the mechanical area of the ship, there was nowhere else for her to go but through the fire door.  Terrified, she was too scared to look at the creature again, and she bit down on her lip and shoved the fire door open.  Red lights, white flashers, and loud buzzers filled the ship, and as the door closed behind her, she caught a glimpse of the creature’s body highlighted in flashing red lights.  Then the door shut between them.  Kerry found herself in a carpeted corridor, dimly lit but not half as creepy, and there were green direction signs on the walls pointing to different landmarks.  She took off running in the direction of the Green Dragon’s control room, and she didn’t stop until she came upon two of the crew, a man and a woman, standing in the hallway, scratching their heads about why the fire alarms were blaring.  Kerry ran behind the man and hid.
“Did you do that?” Schmidt asked her, and Kerry nodded her head.  “Don’t tell me there’s a fire?”
Kerry shook her head no.
“Girl, you can’t be setting off false alarms on a ship like this,” Patsy scolded her.
“It wasn’t a false alarm.  Something was following me in the mechanical area of 8-5-12-12,” she said.
“You don’t think she drinks like her uncle, do ya?  Seeing things, you know,” Schmidt said with a wink, and Patsy slapped him in the arm.
“No, and don’t say stuff like that about the dearly departed,” Patsy said to him with as much bite as she could muster without taking his head off.  Then she turned to the girl with compassion in her eyes.  “Kerry, what are you talking about?  And where’s Jessie?”
“I don’t know,” she said, and tears were coming down her cheeks.  Patsy gently put an arm around her.
“All right, all right.  You say it was 8-5-12-12?” Patsy asked, and Kerry pointed down the hall and nodded.  Patsy knew where it was, and she put her other hand on Schmidt’s arm where she had just smacked him.  “Come on, let’s go and take a look,” she said to them, but Kerry pushed away from her.
“No, I’m not going back in there again,” Kerry resisted.
“Let me call Jessie, then,” she said and retrieved a small phone out of her pocket.
“Can I go in the control room and lock the door?” Kerry asked, and Schmidt opened the door for her and let her go in where the captain was.  When the door closed behind her, he heard the door lock.  He looked at Patsy with the phone by her ear and raised his eyebrows.
“Is she there?” he asked.  Patsy shook her head and clicked the phone off.
“She’s not answering,” she said and ended the call.  Together, they walked down the hallway to the fire door.  The sirens were still squealing and the lights were still flashing, and Schmidt put his fingers on the handle and opened the fire door.  They both looked inside the maze of the mechanical room, and they saw nothing unusual at first glance.  They stayed out of the room, let the door close again, and made sure it was shut completely.  They read off the label for the name of the door in the fire alarm system, and then they went back to the control room where the fire alarm panel was installed to verify that the door switch had set off the alarm.  They knocked, and Kerry let them in where she sat alone.  Schmidt went to the alarm panel and scanned over the lights.
“If we ignore the trouble lights for the sections of the outer wheel that were sheared off when the meteors hit a few weeks ago, the panel shows Door E-4 as the source of the alarm, which was the door we looked at just now,” Schmidt said.
“You can reset it and stop the sirens, can’t you?” Patsy asked.
“Yep.  Here goes,” he said and hit the reset command.  The sirens and flashers stopped, and the ship returned to normal.  “That’s much better,” he said and turned around to Kerry.  “We didn’t see anything in the mechanical room.”
“Did you look?  There was something following me, I swear,” the teenager insisted and crossed her heart.  At that second, Patsy’s phone went off, and she answered it.
“Yes, we got it turned off.  It was just a false alarm by the new kid, Captain,” Patsy said into the phone.
“No, it wasn’t.  Has Jessie turned up yet?” Kerry interrupted, and Patsy held up her hand for her to be quiet so she could hear the captain talking.  Then she explained to the captain that Jessie wasn’t answering her phone, and that Kerry claimed that a creature was roaming around in the pipes of room 8-5-12-12.  She overheard the captain’s laugh through the phone, and Kerry knew then that no one was going to believe her.  Cribbs said something else to her on the other end, and when the captain was finished talking, Patsy nodded quietly and hung up.  “The captain says for all of us to meet him in the mechanical area of 8-5-12-12 where the crane is located.”
“He doesn’t believe me,” Kerry said.
“Don’t be silly,” Patsy replied.
“Really?  I heard him laugh at me over the phone.  He thinks I’m crazy, and so do you!”
“We don’t think that.  Do we, Schmidt?” Patsy asked.
“No, no, of course not,” Schmidt said, but there was no sincerity in his voice.
“Am I in trouble?” Kerry asked.
“No, again.  Settin’ off false alarms on a spaceship will never get ya into trouble,” Schmidt said, and she knew he was being sarcastic by his tone, but there was nothing she could do about it.  “Come on, kid.”
“I’m not a kid,” Kerry pouted as they left the control room and went to meet the captain.  She dragged behind them several feet as they walked, sulking the entire way until they reached the captain and the rest of the crew outside of the entrance of 8-5-12-12 where Jessie and Kerry had first started.  The captain opened the door and led them into the mechanical area.  When the door closed, Kerry felt a chill run up her spine.
“All right, everybody.  What seems to be the trouble?” Cribbs asked, and Schmidt pointed at Kerry.
“Go ahead, girl.  Tell ‘em what happened,” Schmidt said, and with everyone staring at her, emotion overwhelmed her.  She had run away from her sister on Earth and flown all the way to another galaxy, and yet, she was no more than a frightened teenager among conspiring adults, and her insecurity showed as tears on her face.
“It’s all right,” Patsy reassured her and put her arm around her again.  She didn’t run away from her, but still, Kerry only trusted one adult on the ship.  The man she had flown out here with.
“What’s wrong, honey?” Josh asked her, and Kerry twisted out from under Patsy and came over to hug him until she could stop the tears from flowing.
“Does anybody know where Jessie is?” the captain asked his crew.
“The kid says she came in here with her,” Schmidt explained.
“Is that true?” Cribbs asked her, and she nodded.  “Can you tell me where she is then?”
“Go on, girl.  Tell him what you saw,” Josh encouraged her, and finally, Kerry looked the captain in the eyes.
“We came down here to work on the crane.  There was a tear in the hose, and she was going to replace it,” she said as she reached into her pocket.  She pulled out the short length of hose and held it out to the captain.  Cribbs took it and examined it.
“Look at this, Schmidt.  The tear looks like a scratch from the outside rather than a blowout from the inside,” he said, and Schmidt put on his glasses to get a better look.
“Yeah, you’re right,” Schmidt said.  Captain Cribbs handed the hose to Schmidt and looked down the corridor into the distance.
“What’s wrong, Cribbs?” Uma asked.
“Jessie!” the captain called out, and they all waited for a reply, but there was nothing.  They all looked at each other and then at Kerry with the same question written all over their faces.  Where was Jessie?
“There are seven of us, so let’s split up into groups.  Before we do, Patsy, escort our two visitors back to the control room where they’ll be safe.  And stay with them,” Cribbs ordered, and Josh and Kerry went along with the captain’s wishes.  “Schmidt, you and Uma look down here for her.  Harry, you go check her quarters.  It would just be our luck that she went to get a sandwich.”
“What are you going to do, Captain?” Uma asked.
“She’ll turn up, and she’s going to owe me some work,” Cribbs said, rolling up his sleeves.  “There’s a crane to fix.”
**********
“This isn’t good,” Kerry said as they walked up the stairs to the next level.  “I should be helping to find her.”
“Don’t worry, kid.  The captain has it all under control,” Patsy reassured her.  “He’s gotten us through some tight spots over the years.  Finding a missing employee on a small freighter like this is hardly a challenge.”
“Small ship?” Josh said to her, and Patsy grinned.
“Yeah, I guess it’s as big as a cruise ship in size, but really, it’s not that big for a space freighter,” Patsy said.  “We’ll look for Jessie, and we’ll find her slacking off somewhere.”
“No, you won’t,” Kerry said with certainty.  “That thing . . . creature . . . monster, it followed me.  Whatever it was, it got her.”  Even as she said it, she was reminded of the wolves that had surrounded the Jeep that night in South Dakota.
“Monster?” Patsy replied and shook her head as if the idea was ridiculous.  “Don’t bet on it.  Jessie’s slier than she looks.  She’s hiding out, taking a nap somewhere.”
“You’re not listening!” Kerry snapped.
“Now, now, girl, just relax.  We did a lot of traveling over the last few weeks,” Josh said.  “Jessie’s going to be okay.  You just wait.”
“Now, you don’t even believe me?!” Kerry said and almost ran off in anger until she thought better of it.  There was nowhere to run on this ship.
“I didn’t say I didn’t believe you.  It’s just, well, it’s a little far-fetched for me to think there’s a monster roaming around on a spaceship.  You’ve watched that old movie, Alien, too much,” Josh told her, and Kerry sulked.  Her feelings had been crushed by his words, and so she just shut up and followed them to the control room where they rested in the chairs by the monitors to the security cameras.
“Make yourselves at home, and I’ll be back to check on you soon,” Patsy said.  Josh reclined in the soft leather seat, and he found himself watching a monitor that was capturing video where Captain Cribbs happened to be in plain sight.
“What made you stop believing in me?” Kerry asked.
“Huh?” Josh asked.  “I haven’t stopped believing in you, kid.  Why would you say a thing like that?”
“Because I told you the truth, but you think I’m seeing things,” she said and crossed her arms.  “Something did happen to Jessie.  She went to go get some tools or something, and that was the last I saw her.”  Josh listened and nodded, but he couldn’t tear his eyes away from staring at the screen in front of him.  “The thing that followed me through the corridors really creeped me out,” she said and shivered.
“Okay,” he sighed.  “I believe you think you saw something.  I worked a lot of years in a confined space, a hole in the ground that doubled as a bomb shelter, and there were plenty of times that the claustrophobia wrapped its hands around me in a tight fist.”
“But I’m not claustrophobic!” she insisted, and he swiveled his chair around to face her.  The monitor somehow lost its importance for a moment.
“I realize that, but I was talking about myself.  The fear and claustrophobia happened to me, and I am just letting you know that I understand what terrible things stress can do to a person.  You’ve lost a lot of good people in your life, important people who were very close to you.  I know it doesn’t seem like it, but I have, too.  I can relate.”
“If you can relate, then why are you sitting there in that comfortable chair staring at a security camera?  Why aren’t you helping to track down that thing that was following me?” she asked, and but she could see the answer in his eyes.  He talked a good game, but he didn’t exactly relate as well as he was letting on.
“I don’t have every nook and cranny of this ship memorized like the crew does.  It’s better if we stay in here and let them do their jobs.  Besides, if there is a creature lurking down in the bowels of the ship, what’s an old man like me going to do about it?” Josh reasoned with her, and she closed her eyes and put both of her palms on her head in frustration.
“I know, I know.  I’m sorry, I shouldn’t be taking this out on you,” she admitted.  “I’m just so . . . so angry, and there’s nothing I can do to change it.”  Then she broke down and started crying again, and Josh leaned over and put his hand on her shoulder.
“I’m here for you,” he said sincerely, and those few honest words meant so much more to her than anything else he could have said at the time.  “Are you going to be all right now?”
“Yeah.  Yeah,” she sniffled.
“Okay, but . . . ,” he started to say something but hesitated when Schmidt’s voice came over the intercom.  The group had split up, and they were talking to each other over small microphones and earpieces.  The intercom was picking up all of their conversations.
“Cribbs, I think you gotta see this,” Schmidt said.  “There’s blood and pieces of meat in one of the corners between the pipe risers.  I think I’m gonna throw up!”
“I’m coming,” Cribbs told him, and they heard Schmidt retching on the other end of his communicator.  Kerry threw her hands over her own mouth, and Josh’s jaw dropped as they listened.
“Did they just say . . . ?” Kerry blurted.
“Yeah, I think so,” Josh confirmed, and he glanced at her.  He looked drained, and some of the color had left his face.  “This just makes me sick to my stomach, girl.  I should have listened to you earlier.  What are we doing out here?” he remarked.
“I told you,” was all Kerry said, and it was enough.  Then Kerry pointed at the security camera screen for the hallway outside of the control room.  There was a hairy creature skulking along the empty path, heading for the door where they were.  Then they heard scratching on the outside of the door, and Josh jumped up from his seat and made it to the door in three quick steps.  There was a three-foot long locking mechanism that could seal the room off air tight from the hallway.  He grabbed it, then swung it down presssing all of his weight against it.  He almost had it sealed when the creature turned the handle from the outside.  Kerry came out of her shock and braced herself against the door to keep it closed while Josh pulled against the handle with all his weight.  Still yet, the door did not seal itself, and they heard the ragged breathing of the creature on the other side of the door.  Kerry laid down on her back, and she placed the bottom of her feet on the handle and pushed against it.  That was the leverage they needed, and they heard the seal finally click shut.
“We got it closed,” Josh said, and he slunk down to the floor, out of breath from the exertion.  The added pressure that Kerry had applied had been just enough to get the extra vacuum seal shut, and Kerry sat up with her back against the door.  They were safe, for now, and the creature lurking just outside the door knew it.  They watched the security camera, and they saw the creature rear back and slam the locked door with both fists.  The force of the blow shook the door and the walls, but the creature didn’t break through.  Then they saw it look up at the camera above its head, and they looked at its face for a brief moment before it reached up with its claws and ripped the camera off the wall.  The signal went out, and the monitor went blue.
“Did you see that?” Kerry whispered, and Josh nodded, putting his finger to his lips.  He wanted her to be quiet so the creature would go away, but he was afraid that it already knew they were inside.  “Why else would it have tried to get inside with us?” he asked himself.  They listened, and they heard the animal’s grunting sounds shudder against the solid metal walls outside the room.  Kerry’s hands were on the floor, and she felt the vibration as its feet paced outside the door.  The monster wanted in for some dark purpose, they sensed, and adrenaline pumped through their veins.  They were prepared to fight for their lives at any cost.  They looked at each other, their hearts beating like jackhammers, and there was nothing that they could do but wait by the door in tortured silence.  All was quiet for a moment, and then they heard the crew talking on the intercom.
“It’s Jessie,” the captain confirmed.  “I found her ring in a puddle of blood,” he said and turned off his microphone.  The others who had gathered with the captain joined him in a moment of silence, switching off their microphones as well.
All was silent in the control room, too.  The security screen was blue, and the intercom was off.  Kerry began to quietly sob as she sat there on the floor, and Josh gently laid a shaking hand of comfort on her shoulder.  The old man was as afraid of what their future held as the young teenager was, but he was the elder, and he felt he must do what he could to ease her fears.  They had peace for a short time, and they prayed for their own lives during the calm.  A few minutes later, there was banging on the control room door, and they both nearly jumped out of their skins.  They heard the intercom click back on again, and a voice blasted inside the room over the intercom.
“Hey, kid!  Are you locked in there?  Let us in,” Cribbs said, beating on the sealed door.  Kerry and Josh glanced at each other, unsure of what to do next since the captain hadn’t said which room he was trying to get inside.  “Kid!  Let us in the control room if you’re in there.”  That was enough.  Together, they both grabbed the handle of the vacuum seal, and they pried it in the opposite direction, unlocking it once again.  Seconds later, the captain came through the entrance.
“Why’d you have the door sealed for a space breach?” he asked with a worried veil on his face, and Josh explained to him what had happened.  “That sounds crazy, and I wouldn’t have believed you an hour ago.”
“You doubt us?” Josh said.
“It’s a bizarre story.  I think you would even admit that,” Cribbs started, and Kerry interrupted him before he could finish.
“We aren’t lying!” Kerry snapped at him, both her fists clasped at her hips as if she were ready to fight.  “If you don’t believe us, look at the camera in the hall!”
To his credit, Captain Cribbs didn’t let the sudden outburst of emotion unbalance him.  He stepped outside of the room, and warned them, “Don’t lock this door.”  Then he checked the upper corner of the ceiling where the camera was mounted and found it smashed into pieces against the wall.  The electrical wires from the conduit were holding it up, and he looked closely at the remains.  He couldn’t tell who had done it, but the destruction of his property ramped up his temper.
“It’s like we said, ain’t it?” Josh said behind him, and Cribbs whipped his head around to see the older man’s face peeking out from behind the door.
“Did you do this?!” he snapped, and Josh shook his head no.
“Captain, I spent a career serving in the military.  I was trusted to keep an eye on the nuclear missile systems of the good old U-S of A, and I retired with honors,” the old man said, and Cribbs could see the sincerity in his eyes.  “We were inside watching that creature through the camera, and whatever it was, it knew we were watching.  It smashed your camera, sir.  Not us.”
Cribbs hesitated.  He glanced at the smashed camera, and he spotted something there that he hadn’t seen before.  He reached up and plucked a single long, grey hair from the wiring.  The hair looked almost the same as the ones he had found in the closet of the wreckage, and possibly it was the same type.  But he was no DNA expert, and the real trouble was that he had a murdered crew member, and he didn’t know who to trust anymore.  His own nerves were on edge, and he sensed Josh walking up beside him.
“What’s that?  A hair?” he asked, and Cribbs nodded.
“Do me a favor.  Take the girl with you and go to Jessie’s quarters.  Lock yourself inside,” the captain said calmly.
“You’re putting us on lockdown, huh?” he asked.
The captain’s eyes flicked over at him, and he wore a hard expression.  “Something like that.  Don’t come out until I tell you so.”
“What about our ship?”
“My crew won’t let anything happen to your rental,” the captain said, and his eyebrows lowered when the old man made no effort to move.  “You have your orders, Hawkins.”
Something dark passed between the two men for a few tense seconds.  Josh stared at the captain, and the captain stared back.  Neither one flinched.  Neither one blinked.  Finally, Josh lifted his hand to his forehead and gave the captain a cold, one-fingered salute, the kind an infamous private gave to the most hated of all frontline officers before marching to his death on the battlefield in the Arctic War.  Cribbs recognized the salute, but he didn’t care what the old man thought of his methods.  The Green Dragon was his ship, and the people inside were his responsibility.  He wanted to know why he was losing crew members faster than he could replenish them.
Meanwhile, Hawkins complied with his orders and ushered Kerry from the control room, and they marched off to their informal brig.  Cribbs watched them go on their own, not knowing if they were the enemy, or if the enemy was lurking in the dark corridors of his ship.
Chapter 9
*
“Crew,” Cribbs said solemnly to the remaining group of four people on his staff.  “Things have changed.  Three of our crew are now dead, leaving just us to run this mission to the binary stars.”
Schmidt, Uma, Patsy, and Harry sat around the meeting table in Cribbs’ quarters, and there was little hope about what to do next.
“You know, all of this started when Rue was in the brig.  That’s when we lost Angie, Harold, and Dr. Skoll in the meteor collisions,” Schmidt said.
“Yeah, and look what’s happened since Rue’s niece arrived,” Patsy chimed in.
“Now Jessie’s dead, and those two earthers are claiming it was a monster.  Phhht!  Who’s going to believe that crap?!” Harry argued.
“I might,” Uma said.  “You saw the blood and . . . ,” she started but couldn’t say the rest.  “What if there is a monster, or a space creature from another galaxy on board?  What if they’re telling the truth?”
Schmidt laughed.  “Don’t tell me you really believe that pile of road apples, do ya?”
“If you don’t believe the remains,” Uma argued, settling on a word at last that didn’t make her stomach turn, “then explain to us where Jessie’s body is then?” Uma said to Schmidt, and Schmidt threw up his hands.
“I don’t know, but I don’t believe in monsters.  Jessie’s still on board somewhere, maybe playing a trick.  I don’t know,” Schmidt said.
“That’d be a sick joke, if you ask me,” Uma argued.
“You don’t know Jessie like we do then,” Schmidt replied.
“Captain, what did the camera recordings outside the control room show?  There’s where the real evidence would be,” Uma said, looking away from Schmidt.
“Oh, yes, indeed.  We should have a smoking gun, but someone’s been in the computer and the camera settings across the entire ship have been shut down and the recordings erased,” Cribbs revealed.
“Uranus’ rings!” Schmidt said.  “How the heck did the newbies get into the ship’s computers?”
“That’s the perfect question, if it was the newbies.  They’re all password protected, and besides myself, the only two people who had access to the video files were Jessie and Harold.  We can assume they’re both dead,” Cribbs explained.  Schmidt still didn’t believe Jessie was dead.  He would have to see proof, but he wasn’t going to argue with the captain over it.
“Wait a minute,” Uma cut in.  “If the cameras were cut off, how did the girl and the old man see the ‘monster’ outside the control room?”  Everyone looked one to the other and then at the captain.
“If they’re telling the truth, someone did the damage after I sent them to Jessie’s room.  It could have happened when I left the control room to get you guys,” Cribbs said.
“That could rule out the earthers.  Isn’t it possible that whoever’s responsible changed the camera settings from one of the other computers staged throughout the ship?” Harry asked.
“Yes, that’s possible, too,” Cribbs agreed and sighed.  “There’s too many variables floating around here, and we don’t know enough to say what really happened today.”
“Maybe so,” Schmidt said.  “It’s too coincidental that a so-called creature, that no one else saw, got on board and murdered one of our crew right about the time the earthers boarded.  I don’t like it.”  Harry and Patsy made it clear they were in Schmidt’s camp, but Uma seemed to take no one’s side at all, except the evidence they had on hand.  Cribbs knew that she ran on facts, and only the facts could convince her of the truth.  Speculation, while useful in trying to put the elusive pieces together, was not a motivator to determining a final conclusion for her.
“You have doubts about their guilt, Uma?” Cribbs asked.
“There aren’t enough facts for me,” she said.  “We can’t let them leave the ship with all that’s gone on.  They’re suspects to Jessie’s murder, no doubt, and we can’t just let them go, but we also shouldn’t go off half-cocked and consider them guilty without a fair trial.  It’s really in your corner, Captain.  This is your ship, and we’re out of the galactic rules of the Milky Way where we all came from.”
The crew looked to their leader, and Cribbs rubbed his lower lip with his finger, a habit he had when he was thinking hard on a problem.  After a few moments, he sat forward and placed his hands on his knees.
“I want us to investigate a little harder.  We know those two don’t have access to the computers,” Cribbs started, and Harry held up a hand immediately.
“What if Rue sent them the login credentials?” he said, and everyone looked at each other as if they hadn’t thought of that before.
“That is one of the best possibilities for what happened to the security footage,” Uma admitted.
“Good catch, Harry.  I knew I hired you for something other than your good looks,” Cribbs joked with the rugged, overweight technician.  “Those video files are password protected.  Do me a favor and change the password, then see if you can get the cameras back online.”
“All right, but I’m not the greatest IT guy around.”
“You’re the best one we know in this galaxy.  And when you change the password, keep the new one to yourself for now.  The rest of you should still be able to get into the ship’s operating systems, as is.  That way, if someone other than one of us is tampering with the files, we should be able to detect it.”
“So you’re goin’ fishin’ then, Captain.  I like it,” Schmidt said and got up from the table.
“Uma, can you please stay for a few minutes longer?  There’s something I want to discuss with you,” Cribbs said.  The meeting was adjourned, and the captain sent them off to attend to their neglected duties.
“Besides the tussle of things happening on board, what’s on your mind, Captain?” Uma asked.  Cribbs went over to his closet and brought out the android they had found in the wreckage.
“This droid has some significance, but I don’t know what,” he said.  “Can you find out why it was on board the wreckage.  We’ve listened to the message, but I, well, I feel like this android is special somehow.”  She took the droid from him, and she looked it over carefully.
“It’s one of those repair droids, . . . ,” she started, and he held up a hand to stop her.
“I know, but the recording that was on it . . . either Rue or Dr. Skoll was trying to leave us a message.  I just don’t know which one or what the message meant.  Tinker with it and see if you can figure it out,” he told her.
“You’re serious?” Uma said doubtfully.
“What else can we do?”
She sighed.  “Okay, but I quit playing with toys a long time ago, Captain.”
“Humor me,” he said with a grin, leading her out of his quarters.  He closed the door behind her and leaned his head against it.  He had been under tremendous pressure before, running freight through pirate territory, but he had never lost precious crew members on a mission.  He was off kilter, and the universe was proving to be a mad place right then, but murder or not, the Green Dragon’s mission would continue.  The crew had to maintain her systems if they were going to survive.  The captain, though, was free to do as he pleased.  And it pleased him to visit the suspects.  While there was no one else around, he reached under his pillow and took out the laser pistol he kept for self-defense.
**********
Uma rolled the android down the hallway, and she pushed it into the lab where she could lift it onto a table to start trying to learn how to communicate with it.  She searched the outer shell for removable parts, and she found a set of screw holes holding a plate in the back.
“Of course.  The battery pack,” she said to herself, and it appeared to have been tampered with recently.  She took the cover plate off and found the battery pack inside.  More than that, Uma found a wire that was left loose, possibly on purpose.  She searched for where it was disconnected, and she discovered that it also had a broken solder joint on the end.  She heated up the soldering iron, and she reconnected the wire where it was supposed to go, and then she plugged the universal adaptor into the back of the android.  She sat it on the work bench in front of her and watched the eye sockets go from dark to dim to bright to dark again, thrumming with energy as the circuits reenergized.  She rested her elbows on the bench and sat her chin in her palms, and she looked into its glowing eyes.

 “Ah, you’re awake again.  Good morning,” she greeted the droid.  “What were you doing on the ship?” she asked the android.  She didn’t expect an answer, as most worker androids could only reply to questions related to their responsibility, but she got a response anyway.
“Which ship?” the android said with the simplistic voice of a child.
“The Green Dragon.  Why were you placed on board?”
“This droid does not recall,” the android said, and it lifted its two mechanical hands to its face and lightly touched the sides of its head.  “This head hurts.”
Uma did a double take.  “You’re mechanically based.  You can’t have a headache.”
The android lowered its hands and looked at them through its thrumming eyes.  “This android . . . this android . . . this I . . . this I . . . .”
“Oh, I see.  Your eye mechanisms are dirty,” she said and licked her fingertip and spit-cleaned the film from the outer layers of the orbs, making them transparent again.  She waited for it to see what it would do next, and the android twisted its body right and then left.  Then it stepped over to a box of tissues, reached down, pulled one out, and wiped its eye sockets dry.  The android stopped and looked back at Uma through hollow, glowing eyes.
“Yuck.  Why spit on I?” the android asked, and Uma fell off her work stool laughing.
**********
Captain Cribbs knocked on the door to what had been Jessie’s room, and a few seconds later, Kerry opened the door to let him inside.  Cribbs stepped in and noticed that Josh was laying down in one of the small closet bedrooms.  Josh looked up and saw the captain had arrived, and he sat up.  Cribbs sat down at a small table and motioned for them to sit with him.
“I guess you both understand why you’re in here,” the captain said.
“We haven’t done anything except tell you the truth, Captain,” the old man said, and the teenager looked at the captain with big, sad eyes.  Cribbs was moved.  They told a good story, but there was a murder to solve.
“I hear you both, but it doesn’t look good for the two of you,” the captain admitted.  Josh sat back and gave the younger man a look through squinted eyes.
“Meaning?”
“From what we can tell, some of us believe that Jessie’s been murdered,” Cribbs said to them, looking for a reaction, and neither of the visitors flinched at his words.  He thought they should have if they were innocent.  Then Josh volunteered a fact he had not considered.
“Before you switched your microphones off, we heard you guys talking over the intercom about blood,” Josh confessed, and Cribbs then realized why they hadn’t shown any surprise at the news of Jessie’s death.  They had already suspected as much.
“I just can’t believe it,” Kerry said, and she started crying.  The tears were genuine.
Compassion.  That’s what I would expect from an innocent person, Cribbs thought to himself.
Josh comforted her, and he looked at the captain with wide, understanding eyes.  The two of them were not acting like the guilty people of the heinous crime that had transpired in Room 8-5-12-12.  They were acting as if they had been innocent bystanders, and the captain was struggling with how he should interpret their actions.  He was in charge of the investigation, and his crew looked to him to apply justice where it was necessary, but like Uma, he had his doubts about their guilt.  After all, why would an old man volunteer to fly to another galaxy to visit Rue with his teenage neighbor, only to commit the murder of a person that they barely knew?  The theory just didn’t seem logical, and Cribbs could tell that Josh himself was a very ordered and logical person, an honorably discharged veteran with nothing to gain from Jessie’s death.
And what of the girl?  She was more irrational, but she was also a young teenager who was dealing with the recent news of her beloved uncle’s death.  Cribbs had his doubts about her guilt as well, but above all else, there were a couple of serious crimes he had to run to ground.  First, there was a murdered crew member, a good friend of his, in fact.  And then, there was the unauthorized tampering with the video systems which would have helped to identify the murderer.  He also had a ship and a crew to look after, and he couldn’t afford to let the facts be buried beneath his sympathy for the visitors.  He scratched the stubble on his face as he thought about the earthers, and then he made a snap decision that he had no evidence to substantiate one way or another.  This verdict was coming from his gut.  In this case, the crime didn’t fit the suspects or with the suspects’ behavior.
The captain’s eyes then wandered around the room as he thought about what he should do, and he looked over at Jessie’s computer on the desktop in the corner of the room.  Why hadn’t he made sure that thing was out of the room before he had placed them inside?  After all, whoever had tampered with the cameras could do just about anything with a computer connected to the ship’s systems.  Stupid.  He decided that if nothing else, he had to move that thing out of the room where the suspects were being detained.
“I want you two to sit tight in here, and we’ll bring you some dinner in a couple of hours.  Meanwhile, I’m going to need that computer as a spare for the one that was damaged in the mechanical area,” Cribbs lied so they wouldn’t suspect what he was doing.  He walked over to the computer, unhooked it from the wall and carried it with him to the door.  “Like I said, the crew has a lot of work ahead, and we’ll look after your needs while you stay confined to quarters,” he said and went through the door into the hallway without another word.  He heard them gasp about his decision to keep them confined to quarters, but they made no moves to interfere with his decision.  Then he locked the door behind him and overrode the manual controls for opening and closing from the inside of the room, making it a cushy holding cell until he could figure this thing out.
He walked along the outer tube to the corridor leading to the central control room, and Uma came running to meet him.
“Captain!  Do you have time to go with me to the lab?” she asked.
“Not yet.  I was going to take this computer to the control room.  I confiscated it from Jessie’s room to make sure the earthers couldn’t hack into the ship’s systems,” he explained, hoping that would be enough excuse to finish what he had started without interruption.
“Come with me!  You’re not going to believe this,” Uma said, taking his free hand to drag him to the lab.
“You’re going to have to load me up with more information than that,” he said, but he let her lead him on anyway.
“It’s the android!  It’s doing and saying things it shouldn’t,” she told him, and ridiculous thoughts of the droid busting lights with a hammer came to mind, though he didn’t know why.
“All right, you don’t have to drag me.  I’m coming with you then,” he relented.  “What is it doing that’s so out of the ordinary?”
“Just hold on a minute, and you’ll see when we get there,” she said.  When they reached the lab, she opened the door and pushed the captain into the room ahead of her where he could see.  She stood behind him as he watched the robot on the bench top, apparently seated on an aluminum block with a stylus in one hand, writing on a computer pad at a small makeshift desk made of metal scraps.
“What did you tell it to do?  Write a book?”
“Well, that’s the thing, Captain.  I didn’t tell it to do anything,” she said.
“Then what is it doing?”
“I don’t know, but isn’t it funny.  I mean, it looks like a little human sitting at a desk and working,” Uma said.  He frowned.
“We have a murder on the ship to solve, two possible suspects in custody, surveillance video out, a team of people searching every dark spot in the ship for a fictitious monster, but yet, you bring me here to watch an android pretending to be a person,” he said to her.  “That’s the whole idea behind androids in the first place.  To work where humans won’t or shouldn’t.”
“I know that, but if you just let me explain.  That android is an HVAC android, programmed to turn bolts, tighten screws, and take temperature and humidity measurements.  I have never seen one trained to act like a human and perform arithmetic by hand.  Androids do complex math with commands inside their microprocessors, and it’s a waste of energy to pick up a pen or pencil and do longhand division.”
Cribbs scratched his head, and he placed a hand on her shoulder.  “I know you’re going somewhere with this, but for the sake of time, if you could just tell me what you’re so excited about.”
“You’re serious, aren’t you?” Uma said and pointed at the android.  “That’s not a machine sitting there.  That’s a person!”
Chapter 10
*
“Jessie’s dead.  I just can’t believe it,” Patsy thought to herself.  “On top of it, we’re flying off to some destination in the middle of empty space.  None of this makes sense.”
Patsy had the helm of the ship, and from all indications on the control screens, the Green Dragon was going to reach the triangulated coordinates that Captain Cribbs had designated within a few hours.  He hadn’t shared why he was going to the coordinates with any of the crew, and somehow, she didn’t think that he would, but she trusted him well enough that she wasn’t concerned with how they were going to get to the gold before everyone else.  Cribbs had a trick up his sleeve, and she was glad he was in charge.  In her years of service with him, she had seen him succeed where others had failed, and she had learned to let him have his way when he doled out orders.  Patsy looked at the coordinates on the screen, though she couldn’t make sense of his planning.  They were supposed to go to the coordinates and then slow down.
“Why would we slow down?” she asked herself.  The binary stars were a lifetime away; slowing the speed of the ship went against all common sense.  At that moment, Schmidt stepped into the pilot’s cabin, and he had two drinks in his hands.
“I brought you a Martian martini.  Made it myself,” he said with a wry grin.
“Thanks, but no thanks,” she told him.  “You know I don’t drink and drive.”
“’Scuse me, goody-goody.  I thought I was bein’ generous, but I’ll just drink it myself,” he said and plopped down in the chair next to her.  “Where are we headin’?”
“Same place we were going yesterday.”
“The middle of nowhere.  Figures,” Schmidt said, then chugged his drink down with one swig.  He crossed his eyes and held his breath, Patsy cut her eyes over at him.
“How can you drink like that with all that’s happened?”
“You’re a bartender so I shouldn’t have to tell you.  People drink when times are good, and they drink even harder when times are rough.”
“Yeah, but drinking on the job is never a good idea,” Patsy said and pointed at one of the fuel pressure readings.  “The fuel gauge to the main engine is acting up.  Why don’t you go downstairs and see if you can get it back online.”
“What’s it doin’?” he asked and took a sip of the Martian martini he had brought for her.
“The pressure is pegging the gauge every once in a while.  I’ve seen it do that when the sensor needed replacing,” she said.
“Sounds like somethin’ that could wait,” he said, and she gave him a frown and a hard stare.  “Fine.  I’ll get the mechanical drawings and have a look, but you really should relax.  In a few days, we’re goin’ to be filthy rich.”
“We have to actually get there for that to happen, and I need you to keep the ship in good cruising shape.  How would you like to be stranded in this section of space for the rest of your life?” she asked, and he burped his reply and got up from his seat, spilling the martini on his uniform.
“I’m goin’, I’m goin’,” he said and went out into the hallway.  He downed the last of the mixed drink and then headed toward the closet outside of the mechanical area where they kept all of the ship’s manuals.  He wound his way through the corridors, and he came to the main entrance to the ship’s vital organs, a set of double doors wide enough to move all the large equipment through whenever they were opened all the way.  The sign above the doors read ‘8-5-12-12’, and across the hall from the double doors was the closet where the manuals were stored.  He opened up the closet, and he started rummaging through the books one-by-one until he found the manual for the fuel system.  He looked through the table of contents and found the page for the pressure sensor.  Schmidt leafed through to the correct page, and he tried to read the notes, but the alcohol he had consumed was beginning to take effect, and the words were fuzzier than usual.
“Ahh!” he mumbled to himself and felt the pockets in his coveralls for his reading glasses, but they were nowhere to be found.  “That’s just great,” he said, and he held the book away from his face until the words were no longer blurry.  With his arms stretched out and the book as far away as he could possibly get it, the details were no longer blurry, but they were too small to read with the distance.  He closed the book but kept one finger inside as a bookmark to the page, and he opened up the door to go inside the mechanical area where the bench with the magnifying glass was located nearby.  He stepped inside, and he looked around to see if anybody else was down there with him, and when he had looked both ways, he saw no one.  He hesitated before going any farther, not knowing why but feeling that he should be careful down there alone, even if he didn’t believe the girl’s story about a monster roaming the ship.  The whole thing was nonsense.  Still, Schmidt listened, and he heard a noise behind him.  He whipped around and saw nothing in the outer corridor.
“Jessie?” he said out loud, but no one replied.  He was worried all of a sudden, but he shrugged it off as a consequence of the alcohol.  He walked down the aisle to the workbench where the magnifying glass was kept in a drawer, and he laid the manual out on the table with the pages opened to the pressure sensor.  He got out the magnifier, and he used it to read the fine print.  “Red, black, green,” he read the description of the input and output wires aloud, and he saw that the green wire was the one he needed to take a voltage measurement across to see what mode the sensor was in.  He had access to a few tools at that bench, but he knew that the more expensive tools like the multimeter were kept at a bench deeper in the bowels of the ship.  He ambled further into the maze of machines, following the signs for landmarks nearby, and he thought he heard a foot step behind him.  His heart pounded suddenly with adrenaline, and he twisted around like a drunken cat and nearly fell over his own feet.  He leaned up against a wall and regained his balance, and he looked all around him for evidence of someone following him, but he saw no one.
“Patsy?  Are you playin’ me for a patsy?” Schmidt said and laughed at his own stupid drunken joke, but no one else was laughing with him.  He felt a chill run up his spine as he stood in the awkward calm of the machine room.  The silence of the stainless steel and aluminum was uneasy in the first place, meaning that it was never completely quiet in there; there were always pumps and air compressors running, but just then, there was a cold stillness hovering in the air.  Dead silence, he thought, and he wiped gathering sweat from his brow with his sleeve.
“I must be hearin’ things,” he said to himself, but when he didn’t hear anything else for a few more seconds, he started walking again deeper within the recesses of the ship’s vital organs.  He soon reached the pegboard where the tools were hung in their proper places, and he took down a screwdriver and a multimeter and switched the knob three clicks over to the ‘VDC’ position.  He heard a fourth click, not from the meter, and nervously, he rotated the knob one click further and back again, then there was silence.
A click sounded behind him, and he twirled around nervously.  No one was there; he was alone, hearing things, he hoped.
“Anybody there?” Schmidt asked aloud.  Still no answer.  “I shouldn’t be this jumpy,” he told himself.  He walked over to where the pressure sensor was housed, and he unscrewed the bolts that held the cover in place.  Then he took off the connector and touched the leads of the multimeter across the output to ground.  He heard the shuffle of feet behind him, and when he turned around, he screamed.
**********
Kerry sat in one of Rue’s old chairs, twitching her fingers and scratching her head.  Josh had laid down on one of the bunks with his eyes closed.
“You’re too nervous,” he said to her with his eyes still closed.
“What?  I thought you were asleep,” she said.
“I would be, but I can hear you every time you scratch your head.  Your scalp’s going to start bleeding.”
“I know, I know.  Abby says the same thing,” Kerry confessed.  “It’s a nervous habit.”
“Yeah,” he said and looked up at her with one eye open.  “Don’t sweat it.  We didn’t do anything, and the captain’s going to find that out.  I have a good feeling about him.”
“You really think so?”
“I know so.  Now go read a book or something,” he said.  Kerry looked around the small room, and there wasn’t much there.
“I don’t see any books, and the captain took the computer, so I can’t read,” she told him, and he sighed.
“Use your imagination then,” he said.  “I’m tired and need to rest.”  She did as he said, shifting positions so that she could stare out at the stars through a porthole window.  She was just about to settle down when she saw another ship pull up beside the Green Dragon.  This ship had painted stripes and special lights mounted to it.  There was writing on the stripes, but it was in another language and she couldn’t read it.  The lights turned on suddenly, and they swiveled around like flashlights in the dark to illuminate the Green Dragon, focusing in on the damaged section of the circular tube where the meteors had hit.  Then one of the lights swiveled and focused in on the window where she sat.  She was nearly blinded by the intensity, and she brought up her arm to cover her eyes.
“Somebody’s looking at me from that other ship,” Kerry said to Josh, and he sighed again.
“What is it now?” he asked, and when he opened his eyes, he saw the bright light blasting through the window at her.  “Man on the moon!  What is that?”
“I told you.  It’s another ship,” she said and stepped away from the round window to get some relief from the glare.  She blinked her eyes and rubbed them with her fingers until the white spots had disappeared.  “They look like police or army.  Is everything okay?”  By then, Josh was up and looking out the porthole.
“No, it’s not.  They’re Lofindrans, police from Andromeda, and that makes them about as friendly to earthers as pirates.  We’re getting ready to get boarded,” he said, and not two seconds later, the Green Dragon shuddered as the Lofindrans anchored to their ship.
“What do we do?” she asked nervously.
“Don’t worry.  Cribbs will think of something.”
**********
Captain Cribbs and Uma experimented with the android, trying to figure out what made it so different, why it acted so much like a person.
“I’ve heard of this kind of thing before, but I always thought it was just bull hockey,” Cribbs told her with a glimmer of humor.  Uma didn’t return a smile.  She was singularly focused on the droid, and his own grin waned.  “You believe it’s acting like a person, and if that’s true, then who?”
“We could ask it,” Uma said and turned toward the android.  “What is your name?”
The android’s head spun all the way around and then all the way back again.  “Skoll?” the android said.  The two looked at each other with wide eyes.  They had heard the inflection at the end of the word, as if the answer was, maybe, not an answer at all, but a question.
“But Skoll’s dead,” Cribbs said, and then he recalled that they hadn’t actually found any bodies in the wreckage.  “Isn’t she?”
The android walked to the edge of the bench on its casters, looked at Cribbs, and said, “No.”
“I have to hand it to you, Uma.  That is the strangest behavior I’ve ever seen coming from an android,” Cribbs admitted.  “I’ve certainly never heard of a machine acting that human.”
“Me either,” she said.  Her eyes were moving back and forth all over the droid, and it was clear that she was fascinated.  Cribbs saw it and knew she was hooked on the mystery.
“Uma,” he said, and it was as if he had said nothing.  “Uma?” he said again, and her eyes flicked over to him, and then back to the droid.  He kept looking at her, and when her eyes met his again a few seconds later, she was finally ready to hear him.  “It’s worth looking into a little more, but I’ve got things to do.  Listen, I’m going to check on Patsy, and I want you to go sit outside Jessie’s room to keep an eye on the kid and the old guy.  Take the android with you and keep talking to it.  If it has some memories of what happened to Rue and Dr. Skoll, it would be good to find out some answers,” he said and got up to leave.
“Will do, Captain,” Uma said, her focus on the droid once again.
“Thanks,” he said and went out the door and down the hallway to the control room.  It wasn’t just Uma thinking about the droid; his mind was just as wrapped up on it as she was.  The idea of a person’s memories being contained within an android was a foreign concept to his mind.  He had learned to accept oddities as the norm in Andromeda, and he reckoned that his journeys throughout the universe would teach him that there was nothing outside the realm of possibility.  For example, the wormhole they were speeding towards.  But a human, a dead human, being trapped inside the cold metal shell of a man-made robot?  That concept was never going to be normal.  “Emotions.  Inside a machine?” he said to himself.  It astounded him that anyone anywhere would waste the time building a robot that had the potential to complain about the work it was given, or to feel pain when it was damaged.  No one wasted their time making a servant that could defy their own orders.  Perhaps he was being close-minded, but he believed that giving it emotions took all of the usefulness out of the android, crippling it from its directives.  He kept walking and considering the android that they had found, and when he arrived at  the control room, he looked back toward where he had come from, wondering whether he was missing something important with Uma’s discovery.
“Time will tell,” he thought, then he felt the Green Dragon shake violently beneath his feet.  That was never a good sign, and when he entered the control room, he found that Patsy was staring out through the blackened window into the nothingness of deep space.  When he noticed that she was more than a little preoccupied with the view through the window, he grunted his dissatisfaction with her.  Here was another crew member staring blankly at nothing and ignoring him.  “What does a captain have to do to get his crew’s attention,” he asked himself until his gaze drifted into the nothingness along with hers, and that was when he saw what it was she was staring at through the reinforced glass.  There, in front of him, was the outline of another vessel drifting slowly past.  Patsy’s head didn’t move to look at him, but she cleared her throat to acknowledge his presence.  That was an improvement, at least.
“What should we do, Captain?”
He hesitated.  “I don’t know,” Cribbs finally said, and he pulled out his laser pistol.  She heard the click of the button on his harness, and she sighed.
“Pfft!  Men and their weapons.  That gun’s not going to help us at this distance, unless you want to blow a hole in the ship.  Besides, they’ve got bigger guns than that toy.”
“Toy?”
“Yes, toy.  I’ve heard the Lofindrans have guns that can evaporate a person on sight.”
“Oh, come off it,” he said, but he gave his pistol a second look as if what she said had merit.  “How many of them do you think there are?”
“Just the one ship, and I scanned the interior of it with the thermal sweeper.  There’s three on board, and they’ve latched onto the Green Dragon with the gravity beam.”
“Great.  One ship and one Lofindran is bad enough,” Cribbs said, setting the pistol down on the control bench.  “No chance of breaking their pull on us and getting away?”
Patsy smirked.  “You don’t think I would have done that already?  We’re traveling at maximum speed, and this ship won’t go any faster.”
Cribbs thought harder and tried to slick back his hair with both of his hands, a trick that didn’t work when his hair was a quarter-inch in length.  “We could pull the Venus Virus trick,” he said, and she raised her eyebrows.
“I’m not familiar with that one.”
“I’ll show you,” he said and then went for the supply cabinet.  A few minutes later, they were down in the docking station of the ship with their space suits on, all except for their helmets.  That was risky, because if there was a breach in the docking seal, all of the air in the bay would get sucked out in the vacuum, including what was in their lungs.  Cribbs’s eyes were red and bloodshot, oozing out a yellowish cream from the corners, the common symptoms of the Venus Virus, which was the most contagious and deadly virus in the Milky Way.  The docking door opened, and the pressure barely changed, confirming that the sealed tube running between the two ships was secure.  Then two of the Lofindrans boarded the Green Dragon.  The third one stayed on board to handle the controls.
“Good evening,” Cribbs said in a scratchy voice, followed up by a hacking cough.  Realizing instantly that the greeter was sick, the visitors stopped at the end of the tube about ten feet away.  Cribbs kept his head down and tried not to make eye contact, since that was how the virus was passed, but Patsy remained calm and looked them over.  The Lofindrans towered in the orifice, nine feet tall with wide shoulders and huge muscles, consuming most of the free space in the tube.  To go along with their colossal proportions, they also had the largest eyes of any of the known alien species in the galaxy.
The Lofindrans didn’t speak English.  They spoke laser.  They leveled the large barrels at the humans and grunted out orders in their own language.  Patsy didn’t need a translator to understand the underlying tone of their words, and she put her hands up in the air.  Cribbs did not, however, and at first, the Lofindrans gave him a cross look for his non-cooperation.  But when they saw the color of the captain’s runny eyes, they backed up a couple of steps into the tube and had a discussion between themselves in their own language.  Their enhanced vision made it hard for anything or anyone to escape their sight, but their prodigious eyes were also their weakness, making them more susceptible to certain diseases.  The Venus Virus was among the most serious of the ocular infections in the known universe, and the sight of Cribbs’ infection had them knocked off kilter.  The two talked, and then they came to a resolution and ordered the humans to leave the docking bay and seal the door behind them.  Cribbs complied, but he made sure to sneeze in their direction a couple of times, and the Lofindrans gave them a few more feet of space until they were through the sally port doors.  Once the chamber was sealed off, Cribbs and Patsy watched them through the windows, and they saw them board the Space Force ship Josh had parked in their bay.
“Crap.  They’re going to impound the earthers’ ship, and we’re going to be stuck with the two of them,” Cribbs said.
“It could be worse,” she said.  “They could be taking the Green Dragon instead.”
“Right, and leaving us to die in space,” he said.  “I just don’t want any extra baggage going along with us when we try to get to the binary stars.”
“You’re talking about Kerry and Josh.  Now you’re calling them ‘baggage’.  That’s rough.”
“You know what I mean,” he said.
“Yeah, I do.  I just don’t like to hear you talking about people as if they were objects.  That’s what the Lofindrans do, and you’re better than that,” she scolded him and looked away.  “We might have to forget about getting the gold now as it is.  We’re going to be responsible for taking them back to Earth for trial,” Patsy reminded him.
“If there is a trial, it’s happening on board this ship under my jurisdiction,” he told her.  “In which case, I’ll decide the punishment.”
Patsy considered his decision, and she scratched her ear with one of her gloves.  “It’s hard for me to believe that kid could be responsible for whatever happened to Jessie.  The whole thing just seems wrong.  We haven’t found her body, just pieces and some blood,” she reminded him.
“Who else could have done it then?”
“I don’t know, but she’s just a kid, and the old man is retired military.  If you put them in a lineup of suspects, no one would ever believe that they were guilty of such a heinous crime.”
“There’s too much going on for it not to be them,” he argued.  “But if it makes you feel any better, I’m not completely sold on their guilt either, but then that means one of our crew is responsible,” he reminded her and kept watching the small rental ship through the bay window.  She hadn’t considered that aspect, and the wheels began to turn in her own mind.  Before she could say anything, Cribbs pointed at the small ship through the glass.  “I’m not in a hurry to be robbed by the Lofindrans, but shouldn’t they have already opened the bay doors by now?  The pressure gauges show a vacuum out there, the ship’s engine is running and its lights are on, but the ship hasn’t even moved.”
Then the Space Force ship rocked from side to side.  They watched as bright bursts of laser fire ripped through the insides of the vessel, and the seals to the ship’s doors came open.  One of the Lofindrans came flying out with his laser cannon in hand, scattering shots all over the place.
“What in the name of Perseus-Pisces are they doing?”
“I don’t know, but there were two of them.  Where’d the other one go?” Patsy asked, and then one of the stray laser bolts hit the lights in the bay, draping the window scene in darkness.
“Great!  Do they know how expensive those lights are?” Cribbs said and pulled out his own laser pistol.  There was laser fire still pounding the insides of the bay, singeing holes inside his ship.
“What are you going to do?”
“I’m going to kick their asses!” he snapped.  Then before he could get his helmet lowered and vacuum sealed for safety, they saw the Lofindran train his laser cannon on someone inside the bay.  Someone big.  Someone in the shadows.
“That doesn’t look like the other Lofindran.  Whoever it is, they don’t have a suit on.”
“No, and the Lofindrans wouldn’t be fighting each other either.  It looks like a . . . well, I don’t know,” Cribbs said, and the Lofindran was suddenly smothered in the shadow of the other being.  The laser fire was muted, and seconds later, when all of the shooting had stopped, everything inside the bay was dark.  Cribbs edged forward, and Patsy put her hand on his forearm.
“Are you sure you want to go in there?”
“Huh-uh, not anymore,” he said.  “I’ll stay here and watch, but I want you to go warn the crew.”
“All right, but don’t you go out there.  There’s another Lofindran still inside their own ship, and we don’t know what is going on in the bay.”
“Don’t worry about me.  Just go warn the crew,” Cribbs ordered, and she let go of his arm and disappeared through the corridor.  When he was sure that she was gone, he placed his laser pistol in its holster, took out a round ball of metal from inside his belt, clasping it in his hand.  Then he put on his helmet, secured the vacuum seals, and pressurized his suit.  He looked through the bay window one more time, and he couldn’t see anything inside except the docking tube of the Lofindran craft.  He looked up at the pressure gauges for the bay and saw that the pressure had dropped dramatically inside the dock.  He turned around and looked through the sally port door leading down the corridor of the Green Dragon, and Patsy was nowhere to be found.
“Good,” he thought, and he hit the vacuum button on the wall, sucking the air out of the small room to preserve it for later.  The air pressure in his suit held, and he swiped his badge to open the door to the dock and went inside.  The door closed behind him, and he couldn’t see anything in the dark.  It was also impossible to hear anything in the vacuum, but if the vibrations were strong enough, he could feel tremors in the tiles as long as the artificial gravity held his boots to the floor.  He placed his gloved hand on the ceramic floor, and he waited.  Nothing.  He suddenly wished he could take his gloves off and feel the floor with his bare hands, but unless he wanted to die, that notion was out of the question.
“What can I do?” he asked himself.  He thought, and there was only one thing he could safely do.  He concentrated his vision on the Lofindran connecting tube, and he walked straight ahead toward it.  Cribbs had no clue whether the two Lofindrans were alive or dead, but he knew that if his crew was going to have a chance at survival, he was going to have to do something radical.  Perhaps this small unexpected battle had given him the opportunity for escape from the Lofindrans that he was looking for, and he wasn’t going to squander it by waiting to see who was alive and who was dead.  He avoided the side of the room where the Lofindran skirmish had taken place, and he headed straight for the light of the docking tube.  Within half a minute, he was there, and he pulled the pin out of the metal ball that he had been carrying in his hand and tossed it as hard as he could into the tube.  Then he slammed the button on the docking door and sealed off the Lofindran ship from the Green Dragon.  He grabbed the nearby gravity handles on the wall, and he held on for dear life in case the integrity of his ship was breached.  The grenade exploded with a blinding flash of light, yet there was no sound or shockwave to accompany it.  In fact, with the door still shut, it seemed quite an impotent end to his act of utter defiance.
With his first mission of separating the two ships completed, Cribbs sank back into a nearby corner where he could not be seen, and he drew the laser pistol from his holster.  He faced the pitch dark of the dock, and then he waited.  There was nothing to see, and he was out of grenades on his belt.  He stood there letting his eyes adjust to the minimal lighting of the dock, and he thought for a moment that maybe he was all alone.  Surely the light from the blast would have alerted the Lofindran soldiers still on his ship, yet there seemed to be no discernable movement on the dock whatsoever.  He looked across the way to the sally port doors that entered into the Green Dragon’s quarters, and like a hunter spying from a tree stand, he patiently waited for the shadow to appear.
“Any day now,” he said to himself, knowing he was going to need more patience.  Minutes swept by, and about the time that he was ready to change positions, he caught a glimpse of shadows between the lit doorway and himself.  A shape appeared, a human, and yet almost inhuman, outline moved closer and closer toward the demolished Lofindran tube.  The shape had no helmet on its head, and he guessed that it was not one of the two alien policemen coming his way.  He recalled that the combatant had been shot point blank multiple times with a military grade laser cannon, and it was still standing.  He wished then that he had another grenade in his hand rather than the sleek little laser pistol cradled tightly in his grip.  The alien outline disappeared from the light, and the captain’s shoulders tensed.  Without realizing it, Cribbs pushed himself deeper into the dark crevice, and he gripped the pistol in both hands as his unblinking eyes scouted the black for a telltale sign.  Finally, his intense focus paid off, and he glimpsed the faintest outline of the creature at the door where the grenade had just exploded.  He saw the claws on the ends of the fingertips scratch the protective glass ever so slightly.  Cribbs’ eyes followed the hairy outline to the creature’s face, where the coldest blue eyes he had ever seen glowed within the massive alien skull.  His mouth went dry, and he swallowed the little bit of saliva he had left at the back of his throat.  It dawned on him then that he was more fearful of his quarry than his quarry was of him.  Then the creature’s claws closed into powerful and merciless fists, and the cold, blue eyes swayed in his direction.
Death faced him, and he wasn’t sure he was ready.  Captain Cribbs believed in God, but he wasn’t as religious as his father had been, yet he thought that wouldn’t stop him from reciting the Lord’s Prayer he had learned in his childhood.  If there was a God, He would hear his prayer all the same.  A calm came over the captain as the final words passed his lips, and his eyebrows furrowed with indecision.
“Stay, or go?” he asked himself.  The sapphire eyes were locked on his own, never wavering.  Cribbs was frozen with fear and hesitation.  Then the creature took one step toward him, and Cribbs’ legs made the decision for him.  With a shot of adrenaline, he burst out of the crevice, and he scrambled across the length of the dock toward the sally port doors that led into the Green Dragon.  All of his concentration was set on his goal, and he swung his arms and legs in a runner’s sprint refusing to shift his head and eyes to look behind him while the artificial gravity generator was still working.  He made it to the other side and slammed his gloved palm against the door switch.  In half a second, the door was open, and he was through the gap, slamming his hand against the inner door switch and praying that it closed before the creature could slip through along with him.  Miraculously, the doors shut and sealed, and there was no sign of the alien creature within the darkness, as far as he could tell.
“That was close,” he told himself.  He was already pressurizing the cubicle room when he caught sight of the callous blue eyes through the transparent protective glass.  Instinctively, he moved into a shooter’s stance and aimed the little pistol at the blue eyes in the dark.  The transparent glass would likely pass the light of the laser sufficiently that he would avoid damage to the window on the first blast, but he wasn’t about to fire his weapon if he didn’t have to because if he was wrong, then he would forever destroy the safety seal between the dock and the rest of the ship.  With his heart pounding like a jackhammer, he was having trouble not pressing the trigger prematurely.  If it weren’t for the built-in spring resistance of the trigger, he probably would have fired at the creature several times and blown a hole through the doors.  As it was, his hands trembled while he waited for the pressure to stabilize and for the second door to open into the corridor beyond.  The blue eyes of the monster stalked closer and closer, and his eyes flicked over to the differential pressure gauge.  Another thirty seconds and the door would open.  When he looked back into the docking bay for the icy blue eyes, he saw only the darkness which lay beyond.  He pressed his weight against the second door, and he fell into the corridor when it suddenly opened.  He jumped to his feet and slammed the ‘Close’ button with his hand.  He stood there staring into the blankness of the docking bay, and he saw nothing, but he knew the nothing saw him.  Tingles rippled up his spine, and he turned his back to the dock and ran through the corridor to the control room.
Cribbs unstrapped his helmet as he ran, and immediately he heard the rumble of the shock waves inside his ship.  He stumbled sideways into the wall, and it took him a moment to figure out what was going on.  He ripped his gloves off, pulled up his sleeve, and he pressed the communication button on his watch.
“Control room!  Is the Lofindran ship firing on us?!!”
“Well, it wasn’t another meteor, Captain!” Patsy replied.  “I saw the explosion of the docking tube from up here.  What the heck did you do down there?!!”
“Forget it for now.  I’ll fill you in if we don’t die,” he said and switched off the communicator.  He looked behind him for the creature, but the doors were still closed.  Then another blast hit the ship, and he rolled onto the floor.  Cribbs couldn’t decide which was worse, the creature roaming loose in the docking bay or the pissed off Lofindran ship firing at them, but the threat from the Lofindran seemed to be the most imminent danger.  He crawled to his feet between explosions, and he staggered down the corridor to the control room.  When he finally got inside, he zigzagged to his command chair, and he yanked back on the throttle.  The lights from the stars went from streaks to points in space, and he hoped everyone else in the ship had had a chance to strap in their seats.  When the light speed brake was engaged, inertia could send an unrestrained person flying into the hull of the ship, like a bug splattering on a windshield.  If they were really unlucky, the effect could send a person through the thick metal walls of the Green Dragon, producing a permanent rip in the outer hull.  He looked over the ship’s gauges, and everyone must have been secured sufficiently because none of the pressure alarms went off.  The pounding by the enemy on the outer shell of the ship ceased almost as quickly, too, and Cribbs looked bright-eyed over at Patsy.
“Are you all right?”
“Yeah, but next time, you gotta give a girl a warning when you’re going to slow things down so suddenly,” she said with her eyes bulging.
“Sorry,” he said.  “Where’s the rest of the crew?”
“I called them, but . . . ,” she started, and the intercom broke in with Harry and Uma talking at the same time.  Both were frantic, and it was like trying to listen to two seagulls squawking at once.
“Guys, stop for a second and listen to me.  I’m glad to know you’re all alive, but we’ve got more problems than the Lofindran ship we just ditched,” he said, and he told them about the creature that had attacked the two policemen in the docking bay.
“You don’t know what it was, then?” Uma said, and Patsy broke in.
“Whatever it was, or is, it’s not a friendly,” she said.  “Hold on!  We’re missing Schmidt.  He went down into the mechanical room to fix a pressure sensor that was flaking out,” she added.  The captain tried to look at her without showing any expression of worry on his face, but she sensed his fear, and she turned off the communicators so no one else would hear.  “You don’t think that . . . thing got to him, do you?”
“The thing no one believed in a few hours ago?  That thing?”
“Hey, that’s not fair.  You didn’t believe it either,” Patsy said.
“Yeah.  I don’t know anything anymore, but let’s just take things slow.  First of all, I guess we got our answer about what might have happened to Jessie.  After seeing that creature take out two Lofindrans so easily, I don’t think the earthers had anything to do with Jessie’s disappearance,” he said.  “I’d also bet your house on Mercury that the fur we found on the wreckage belonged to that creature.”
“So you’re saying the creature was on the wreckage with Rue and Dr. Skoll, and that it survived somehow, even though you vented the air from the wreckage and exposed it to the vacuum of space,” Patsy finished his thought.
“Yes.  I know it sounds far-fetched, but that had to be the case because there is a vacuum in the docking bay right now, and it’s still alive.  It didn’t come back over with Jessie and myself,” he said and then comprehended something else.  “But the crane went over and back.  It could have hitched a ride.”
“Or it didn’t sneak on board.  Maybe we welcomed it on board.  I mean, from your description of the beast, it reminds me of the old werewolf tales.  Maybe one of the crew turned into it.  So then, it’s possible that Jessie is the werewolf.  Or Rue,” she said.
“Or Dr. Skoll,” he said and recalled the android.  “Stay here, lock the door, and keep a laser handy,” he said and unbuckled his seat belt.
“I thought you said the lasers did nothing to it.”
“They probably don’t, but would you rather have nothing to fight it with?” he said and left the room, locking the door behind him.  Patsy opened a hidden compartment beneath her control bench, and she pulled out a double-pump photon blaster that was shaped like a wild west shotgun.  It was an antique, one of the early models, and there was an inscription in the metal that said, Sunrise.
**********
Uma sat the droid on the floor outside of the room where Kerry and Josh were being held.  Then she knocked on the door.
“Hey, earthers!  I have some good news for you,” Uma said, and she heard the footsteps and felt feet running over to her voice.
“You’re finally going to let us free?” Josh asked.
“Yes.  And no, not exactly, but I got a call from the captain.  He’s pretty sure you aren’t guilty of harming Jessie,” she said.  Knowing the truth was helpful, but Uma was still having a tough time swallowing what may have happened to her friend.
“Then let us out of here.  Please!” Kerry said.  Uma thought the girl sounded anxious, and it wasn’t uncommon to become claustrophobic in the ship’s tight quarters, a feeling for which she sympathized.
“I will soon, but I can’t just yet.  I came by to tell you that the captain’s spotted a creature hiding on board that may be to blame for Jessie’s disappearance,” Uma explained.  “You’re off the hook.”
“Oh, that’s comforting,” Josh said in a sharp tone.  “I suppose you’re going to tell us that you want us to help you lure the creature out of hiding.  Well, you can forget that,” the old man quarreled.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” she said, contemplating opening the door and explaining face-to-face.  She knew she should be about her business, but she wasn’t as hard and grizzled as the captain.  “Step away from the door,” Uma ordered, took out a laser pistol, and swiped her badge to get inside.  Nothing happened so she swiped again.  Still, the door did not open.
“Captain’s override,” the android said unexpectedly from its spot on the floor.
“What?  Who told you that, metal head?” Uma muttered.
“What was that?  I couldn’t understand you,” Josh said.
“Nothing, nothing,” Uma shouted at the door, and then knelt down by the droid.  “You said ‘Captain’s override’, and you might be right, but I don’t know the code to unlock it,” she said to the droid, and the droid looked up at her.  Its eyes flashed.
“7-13-97,” the droid said.  She looked at the droid queerly, then she tried the numbers.  The door opened, and she saw that the earthers were standing a good distance from the doorway like she had asked.  She went inside, and the droid locked its casters in place and walked in behind her with the elegant grace of a house cat.  Josh and Kerry stood together, his arm around her shoulder, and they were the epitome of humbleness.  Uma decided that they really were no longer a threat to her, and she put her laser away and left the door to the room open.
“Who was shooting at us before we fell out of light speed?” Josh asked with his head tilted a touch to one side.  The tilt gave him a trusting appearance, and she understood that she had nothing to gain from hiding the truth from them anymore.  The crew had jumped to conclusions too soon before they knew all of the facts.
“Lofindrans.  They’re the local police in this galaxy,” Uma said.
“Even I’ve heard of them in South Dakota.  They could help us out, couldn’t they?” he said, and she laughed at the notion.
“Hardly.  Trust me, they’re not the kind of police you call for help,” Uma said.  The girl stepped in closer to her, her eyes on the android.
“Can I see your droid?” Kerry asked, and Uma shrugged with indifference.
“Suit yourself.  I’m having trouble figuring it out,” she admitted.  Kerry reached down to pick it up, and the droid grabbed her hand before she knew what was happening.  She screamed and tried to pull loose from the droid, but it held on and whispered her name calmly to her.  Kerry stopped squirming at the sound of her name, and Josh reached out to help her get away, but she leaned away from him and said to the droid, “Wait.  You just called me Kerry.”
“That’s not surprising.  Most droids can repeat what they’ve heard,” Josh said.
“Yeah, but that’s the problem,” Kerry said.
“How do you mean?” Uma asked.
“You haven’t said my name,” Kerry explained.  “Also, the way the droid pronounced my name, it’s familiar somehow.  Like it knows me,” she said, and she looked into its lenses.  The shutters blinked, and she sensed there was more inside the shell than the wiring and circuit boards and programming of a simple robot.  She glimpsed something else behind the crafted glass and metal frame.  She sensed a person.
“It’s a droid, and I know it’s not the first one you’ve ever seen,” Josh said.  “I had one on the farm that scooped cow manure,” he reminded her and wiped off his hands on his pants as if he were back in South Dakota and had just picked up a donut of doo.
“Lovely memories, but this isn’t a farm droid,” Uma said.  “It’s a repair droid with a built-in set of tools, a precision laser, and a conscience,” she told Kerry, and she matched eyes with the teenager.  “I thought I was crazy at first, but you see it, too.”  Both of them looked over at the droid, and then the droid pointed a single metal finger that went from Kerry to Uma to Josh and then to the door.
“Kare-rey.  You-mah.  Juh-osh,” the droid said in a curious attempt to pronounce names it shouldn’t have known.  “You stay here.  The whar-woolff is coming.”  All three of them were stunned at the droid’s accented voice capabilities.  They had heard of machine learning and certainly had seen very complex versions of droids on earth, but this was an HVAC repair droid.  It was not the kind of machine that would have been programmed to learn names, yet it was learning to speak their language rapidly with words they hadn’t even said.
“Well, that’s weird.  I’ve never been told to stay put by an android before,” Josh said.  “What’s a whar-woolff?”
“Werewolf,” Uma and Kerry both corrected him at the same time.  The small droid unlocked its casters and rolled on its wheeled feet to the exit door, which was still open, on its own.  Before they knew it, the repair droid had stepped through the exit and disappeared down the hallway.  Curious, they followed after it.  As they trailed behind the droid, the wise little machine turned around and put its hands on its hips and looked at each of them.  They all stopped in their tracks, and the droid pointed to the room they had come from.
“Go back inside,” the droid ordered, but they didn’t obey.  Instead, they stared at it like they were looking at a three-headed monkey mixing milkshakes.  The droid, with its mechanical hands on its hips, made Kerry instantly think of a time when her uncle Rue had ordered her to stay inside the house while he went alone to confront a mountain lion in the chicken coop.  She had disobeyed his orders and followed him out into the backyard, and he had turned and put his hands on his hips the very same way.
“Rue?” she said, and the droid waved its finger at them to go back to the room.
“Kare-rey.  The whar-woolff is coming,” the droid said again as it faced them.
“That thing’s talking to you again, girl,” Josh said to Kerry, and then he turned to Uma.  “What kind of HVAC system do you guys have on this ship?”
“It’s just a plain jane Shaft Systems like you would find in any old freighter.  Nothing special that requires a repair droid that can learn names and offer to fight werewolves,” Uma told him.  “That droid is unique, like nothing I’ve ever seen.”
“That droid reminds me of Rue,” Kerry said.
Chapter 11
*
Harry was hooked into one of the computers just outside the mechanical area of Room 8-5-12-12, still scanning for a virus when Cribbs called him.
“Have you found anything yet?” the captain asked, and Harry sat back in his seat and put his hands behind his head, trying to relax and watching the event detector on the screen.
“Nothing yet.  There’s a gazillion files on every one of these workstations throughout the ship.  It could take days just to do a preliminary scan, let alone a full investigation,” Harry said.
“We don’t have that kind of time,” Cribbs reminded him.  Harry shrugged his shoulders because he knew that Cribbs wanted immediate answers, and digging through details was a tedious process.  He would do the best that he could under the conditions, but he would be lucky if he stumbled across what he was looking for in any length of time short of a month.  Until then, he accepted that Cribbs was going to be short with him.  Tensions had been running high since the apparent murder of Jessie, and it was to be expected that the pressure for closure was weighing heavily on the captain.
“Captain, look, I’m sorry I haven’t found anything yet.  It’s just that I don’t know this code well enough to do us any good without a lot of studying of the logic processes up front.  I’m learning, but somebody could have changed one single line of code, and I’d never know it,” he admitted as he heard Cribbs sigh over the phone.
“Yeah, I understand, but we need the cameras running,” Cribbs said, and Harry felt a shadow come over his head as he listened to the captain rambling on about getting visuals back online.  He turned his head in time to see the claws come at him and slash across his face.  Everything happened so fast, he never had a chance to scream.
“Harry.  Are you still there?” the bloody earpiece said as it bounced across the floor.  “Harry!”
**********	
“Harry!  Harry!” Cribbs yelled into the microphone-earpiece combination he wore, but Harry never answered him.  He immediately switched over to broadcast to everyone.  “Patsy?  Are you there?”
“I’m here,” Patsy said from inside the control room.
“Thank God.  Uma, are you still there?”
“I hear you loud and clear,” Uma said.  “I’m in Jessie’s room with Kerry and Josh.”
“What are you doing in there with them?” he asked, and then thought better of it.  “Never mind, never mind.  The reason I’m calling is that I’m heading for the main security computer down by the dock.  I’m fine, but I can’t reach Harry anymore, and I don’t think that’s a good thing.”  He listened for a reply, but all he heard was silence on the other end.  Finally, to his great relief, Uma chimed in.  She had stepped out into the hallway where she could speak freely.
“Captain, this is beyond serious.  Are you sure you want to do that?”
“I don’t have any other choice,” he said.
“Right.  As far as these earthers are concerned, Kerry and Josh don’t appear to be any threat whatsoever, and if you don’t have any objections, I’d like to let them free,” she said and explained about what they were finding out about the droid.
“After what I’ve seen, I’m not objecting to letting them go, but you need to keep a weapon on you at all times.  I would also advise you to lock yourselves in the control room with Patsy,” Cribbs told her.  The fate of his crew was weighing so heavily on his mind that he was having trouble thinking of anything else but their safety.
“We’re already heading there now,” Uma said, and she pushed open the door to the room and motioned for Kerry and Josh to follow her.  “That droid you brought back with you from the wreckage is rambling on about a werewolf, and it’s got all of us spooked.”
Cribbs was silent for a second as that revelation gave him pause.  How could the android know about the werewolf . . . unless it had witnessed the creature first hand in the wreckage.  When they transported the android onto the Green Dragon, that had to be when the monster snuck on the ship.  Not long after was when things started going wrong aboard.  The earthers’ arrival was simply coincidental; the real harm had been done when they connected the crane to the wreckage.
“With good reason,” Cribbs said into his communicator while he carefully peeked around a blind corner.  He was just about to step out into the corridor when the whole ship shook beneath his feet.  He grabbed a handle on the wall to steady himself, and when he regained his balance, he heard and felt another explosion rock the ship.  Patsy’s voice screamed from the speaker in his ear.
“The Lofindran ship is back!”
“Great,” Cribbs said and swore to himself.  He had to make a choice just then:  look for Harry, or go back to the control room.  He clicked the microphone on, and said, “Patsy!  Are the cameras operational yet?”
He heard her click buttons on the other end, and then she said, “Not yet.”  The ship quaked again with another strike from the pursuing ship, and he sighed with the quick decision.
“I’m coming back to the control room,” he told her.
“Good.  There are four of us here now.  Well, five really, if you count the android,” Patsy said.
“I don’t count droids,” he said and clicked his earpiece off so that he could pay attention to what was going on around him.  There was a monster lurking aboard, and if the creature was coming for him, he wanted to have some warning.  Cribbs had nearly made it all the way to Room 8-5-12-12, and it seemed a shame that he couldn’t check on Harry first before turning around, but if the Lofindran that was chasing them blew them all up, none of it would matter anyway.  He broke into a run through the corridors to get back to the control room, and when he finally made it there, he found the door was closed and locked like he had instructed.  He pounded on the door and hollered for them to let him inside.  The door finally opened, and he found himself face-to-face with the wrong end of a laser shotgun.  Sunrise.
“Hey, don’t shoot the captain, please,” he told Patsy, and she elbowed past him into the hallway, keeping the weapon pressed against her shoulder and ready to fire.  She didn’t say a word as she secured the corridor and shoved him inside.  “Careful with the goods, honey,” Cribbs said to her, and once the door was closed and locked, she lowered the shotgun in one hand and hugged him with the other.
“Don’t scare me like that!  Next time, turn on your earpiece.  That’s what it’s for,” Patsy said, and she gently combed the short hair on his head.  Their eyes connected, and he sensed her fear and concern as her hand cupped the side of his face.  It was lonely out in space, and it had been years since he had had any kind of lasting connection with a female, and when the next Lofindran blast rocked the ship and threw her face against his chest, emotions surged within his heart.  He wanted to hug her back, but instead, he gently went around her.
“We have to get rid of that ship before it blows a hole in the outer shell,” he said and turned to the other three people in the room.  They had been silent while Patsy embraced him, and the silence unnerved him.  “What are you guys staring at?  Let’s get this ship pointed toward our destination and into triple light speed before we’re blasted out of existence.”
“Aye, Cap’n,” Uma said while everyone strapped into their protective gear.  Kerry shared her seat with the droid, and she placed her arm around it to protect it.  The droid set its mechanical hand inside hers, and she gave it another sideways glance.  This droid was special, and she was drawn to it, and it to her.  When they were all strapped in, Cribbs looked over at Uma and gave her a nod.
“Toward the beacons,” he ordered, and another blast vibrated the Green Dragon before Uma could finish entering the commands on the ship’s computer.  When she finally got her hands on the touchscreen, she pressed the launch button, and the back of her head shot back into the padding of the headrest.  At that moment, she was glad she was strapped in as the stationary stars turned into streaks of light.  After a few seconds, the acceleration leveled off, the ship’s speed flattened, and Cribbs set a course for the beacons.
“You haven’t said as much, but I know you’ve found a shortcut to the binary star system,” Patsy leaned over and whispered to the captain, and he puffed his cheeks out with a breath.  She knew then that she had hit on the truth.  “Aren’t you worried that the Lofindran ship will follow us and give away whatever it is you’ve discovered?”
Cribbs ruminated on her question for a moment and bit down on his lip.  “Yeah, I am,” he confessed nervously.  “We’re taking a big chance, but I think we can lose him or her on the other side.”
“The other side.  The other side of what?” Patsy asked.
“You’ll see,” he said and turned his head to look at the other people who were in the control room with them.  “You haven’t heard from Harry, have you?”  No one said anything, and he looked again to Patsy.
Patsy shook her head, no.  “I don’t think we’re going to either.  I think you’re looking at what’s left of our crew.  Four adults, a teenager, and an android,” he whispered.
“You don’t think we’re going to make it,” Patsy said in a lowered voice.  The captain didn’t say another word; he simply unbuckled his safety harness, got up from his seat, and stretched.  Then he headed for the exit.
“Where are you going?” Uma said as she turned on the signal detectors and veered the ship toward their course.
“I’m going for a walk,” he said as he drew out his laser gun.
**********
Kerry stayed in her padded chair and inspected the droid seated next to her.  Unlike herself, the droid was quiet and content, and it helped to calm her own feelings of anxiety.  After a while, she began to talk to the droid as if it were another person.
“I don’t know what I was thinking, coming out here to the stars.  I was so stupid,” she said, and the droid sat there and made no motion.  “I wanted to see my uncle, and now, look what I’ve gotten myself into.”  Kerry glanced at her neighbor, Josh, as he sat in the next chair over.  He had fallen asleep, and with his eyes closed, the truth of his age was more apparent than ever.  To her, he looked old and weary.  In her heart, she regretted dragging him out here with her, and now his life was in jeopardy.  “This whole thing was a mistake,” she added.  But she had received that text message from Rue, and she knew something had to be done to help her uncle.  There was no one else on Earth who would have done anything to help him, and that meant she was the one who had to come all the way out here.  Josh had been kind enough to volunteer to help her; he could have said no, and that made her appreciate the old man’s sacrifice that much more.  She had one hand holding the droid, and she reached over and put her other hand on Josh’s and squeezed.  Josh awakened and opened his eyes just enough to see her, and he smiled and returned the squeeze.
“Just taking a nap, like the good old days in the Air Force bunker,” he said to her and closed his eyes again to drift off to sleep, still holding her hand.  Kerry’s heart lifted a little from the grim despair that had been creeping into her thoughts, and she thanked the Lord that she was not alone in her journey.  She then gripped the droid’s metal hand and gave it a squeeze as well.  The droid couldn’t return the squeeze without hurting her fingers, but it leaned its head back and trained its optical sensors on her.  She didn’t know what the droid could see, and she didn’t know what the droid could feel, but she wanted the metal and plastic machine to know she missed her uncle.  An unplanned but honest tear rolled down her cheek, and she let go of Josh’s hand to wipe her face.  The droid, still looking at her, used its free hand and touched its own face as if to copy her movements.  She was sad and happy all at the same time, and she laughed at the droid’s mimicry.  Then the droid placed the same mechanical hand on her cheek and touched the dampness of her skin.
“Don’t cry, pispisza,” the android said to her in its toneless voice, but she didn’t need the tone to know what it meant.
“That’s what Rue called me,” she said in wonder of this manmade construct.  The droid looked away, and Kerry remained comfortably where she was seated between the droid and Josh.
“Whar-woolf will not get you,” the droid said, and Kerry rested her head back in the chair.  She was just as exhausted as Josh was, but she had been fighting the urge to drift off.  Now, she was content and relaxed, and she quickly drifted off to sleep.  There was peace on board the Green Dragon for an hour, and she dreamt restless dreams of growling wolves down in the hollows of the ship’s inner workings.
Chapter 12
*
The Green Dragon’s lights flickered, and Captain Cribbs sat quietly in a dark corner of Room 8-5-12-12.  He barely moved, blending into the shadows, and only his eyes wandered as they scanned the surroundings.
“The breakers tripped on the lower level,” he heard Uma say into her headset microphone.  “Captain,” she said, and he switched off the communicator before she could finish.  He wanted absolute quiet in the hiding spot between steam pipes and conduits.  He was on a hunt, and he wanted no further distractions.  Minutes ticked by, and sitting there alone brought back memories of lying in wait inside a bush stand in the forests of Specter.  His parents had been among the first people from Earth to settle on the obscure planet, and like many of the colonists, they had brought a wide variety of animals with them to the planet.  This had been ten years before the rules governing the transport of animals from planet to planet had come into being, and his parents had brought a small group of male and female moose in hopes of populating the lush planet with animals for hunting.  Specter was a greater distance from the Sun than all of the other planets, making sunlight more scattered during the hours when it was available.  The planet was warm enough for life, however, as it was heated from the inside with a molten hot center, and in areas where Specter lacked vegetation, there was always a volcano nearby.  Moose are nocturnal and solitary animals, and at first, the moose had scattered among the weedy plains and hot, steamy pools of fresh water.  Within a few years, the population of Earth animals had spread across the planet, and they thrived in the warm but dimmer days in which they lived.  His parents had settled into the new environment, and Marcus Cribbs had been born soon afterward.  When Marcus was ten, his father had taken him out into the wilderness to spend a week learning to hunt and survive off the land.  Together, they crawled up into the giant shrub where a hunting stand was mounted thirty feet above the surface of the spectrum (a word indigenous to the planet, synonymous in meaning to the earth word ‘ground’).  His father pointed out into the open field which sprawled below them, and he began to explain to his son why they were there.  Marcus interrupted him before he could get very far.
“Dad, I know why we’re up this high.  It’s so we can have a clear aim at the moose,” Marcus told his father.
“Yes, that’s part of it.  It helps to have a clear shot,” his father said.  “This stand does more than that though.  Animals have a greater sense of smell than we do, and they can pick up on our body odor without us even knowing it.  Being up this high, the wind will carry our scents over the field and up into the atmosphere.”
“So they won’t smell us,” Marcus said, and his dad nodded.
“Also, there are the field hawks that originated here on this planet.  I told you about them before.  We discovered them the hard way in the first month on the planet; they’re natural predators of humans, but through luck, we were fortunate to find out they hate the sap in the bark and leaves of this shrub we’re sitting in.  We built our homes and barns from this timber, and it’s kept us from being plucked off the ground during the day.  They don’t come out at night, but anytime you’re hunting, you don’t want to take a chance on being outside of these woods.”
“Why don’t they hunt the moose like we do?” Marcus asked.
“Because moose are two to three times the mass of a human.  A person on the other hand is the perfect size for a field hawk,” his father said.  Then he handed Marcus a pair of binoculars from his field pack, and Marcus took them.  “This is my gift to you.  They’re thermal binoculars to help you see what’s moving around at night.  Use them when you’re hunting.”
Marcus took them from his father, and he strapped them on his head.  The world around him became a very different place, a vast array of blues, yellows, and reds, but his father was correct.  He could see the heat signatures of the smallest living things crawling through the forest in shades of red, and he learned to hunt that way on his home world.
Things were no different on the Green Dragon.   The lights were turned off, and he saw the glowing red pipes of steam and light blue pipes of liquid nitrogen all around him.  Cribbs had submerged himself into a hunting zone, and his prey lurked somewhere inside the expanse of the conduit and machinery of Room 8-5-12-12.
“Hunting a werewolf,” he said to himself.  He laughed at that notion, knowing full well that he was not the hunter, but the hunted.  In the end, that was all well and good.  He would rather turn the tables on the wolf-like creature if he could.  That’s why he had left the remainder of his crew locked in the control room while he searched the belly of his ship for the monster that had killed at least two of his friends, possibly more.  Cribbs had seen the monster doing battle with the Lofindrans, and he was ill-prepared for a head-on battle with the laser-proof animal, but he had a few advantages.  First, he was sealed in a clean, pressurized suit, and it was impossible for his body odor to escape out into the atmosphere around him.  He had read that the wolves of Earth tracked their prey by smell, and the pressurized suit took that advantage away from the predator looming aboard his ship.  Second, he knew every inch of his ship, every corner, every hole, every machine, and he had placed himself in the best hiding location on the upper level, backed against an impenetrable wall with the finest view of the entire mechanical room.  Third, he was hiding in plain sight, in the dark, with his thermal goggles.  He would see the creature, even though it couldn’t see him.  And finally, he had a plan.  He wasn’t going to confront the creature face-to-face like the Lofindrans had.  He knew he would lose that battle.  Instead, he was going to observe it from the safety of his hiding place and see if he could establish a weakness.
Cribbs sat there crouched on his heels, waiting for the creature to pass by, and after about fifteen minutes had crept along, he thought he saw movement between the rows of machines down below.  There was a hint of red between a row of pumps and compressors, perhaps it was an ear from the creature’s head, and then nothing.
“What is it doing down here?” he asked himself.  He couldn’t make sense of why the werewolf had been on the earthers’ ship in the first place, and why it was lurking in the depths of the mechanical workings of the Green Dragon.  It just didn’t add up.  He remained as quiet as a mouse, and then he heard the clanking of metal tools.  He listened carefully, and he thought it sounded like someone was building something down in Room 8-5-12-12.  It made perfect sense to do it down here because there were so many tools and spare parts, but what was it building?  And why?
Another fifteen minutes went by with him crouched down, watching, and he could no longer feel any sensation in his legs.  Huddled in such an awkward position, he was numb from the lack of blood flow.  Thirty minutes was hardly a drop in the bucket for a day sitting in a bush stand, but cowered in the dark corner with his legs and knees bent was exhausting.  He was suffering, and doubt about his decision to hide in the small space began to ease into the crevices of his mind.  He had a faux wall behind him with a slit cut in it about three feet from the floor to allow for peeking, and he decided to take cover behind it and get the feeling back in his legs before he was spotted by the wolf.  Once he had slipped behind it and his body was completely hidden by the moveable wall, he leaned forward onto his knuckles, trying to take some of the weight off his legs.  The lower half of his body was numb with a tingling sensation, and his leg muscles were trembling like jelly.
“I want to see what the creature is building down here, but maybe this wasn’t such a great idea,” he thought to himself, and he placed both hands on the real wall behind him to steady himself.  Cribbs stared out the slit, and there was no detectable movement anywhere in the depths of the ship that he could see, though he could hear the sounds of construction going on within the labyrinth of equipment.  He needed to know what was happening, but his legs weren’t letting him, and so he made a decision. First, he gritted his teeth, and he leaned his back against the slick metal wall.  After that, he convinced his legs to lift his body, commanding the nerves in his quadriceps to contract, even though he could no longer feel them.  His lower half shook violently as he pushed his back along the smooth metal surface, and one of his knees wobbled and hit against the faux wall he was hiding behind.
“I can’t do this!” he said to himself, and he was oddly tempted to kneel back down and look out the slit to see if the creature had heard him moving.  He thought better of it, and he commanded himself, “Stand up!”  With unsteady exertion, his shaking, tingling legs straightened out into full extension, and with the return of blood circulation, the needle sensations set in.  His sweaty face was inside the helmet, and he couldn’t put his hands over his mouth to stop his gritted cursing.  He kept his voice as low as he could, hoping the suit would muffle his voice, and he rubbed his legs through the suit, trying to ease the pain.
He knew he was making noise, but he couldn’t help himself.  He figured that the creature wouldn’t hear him over the sound of its own construction noises.  A few minutes after standing up, he was feeling much better.  Blood flow had returned to his extremities, and he could concentrate on spying.
“I have to get a cutout at eye level next time,” he vowed to himself.  The blind he was hiding behind was not as ideal as he had thought, and he dreaded the act of squatting down again.  The funny thing was, he couldn’t hear the clanking and hammering that he had heard before.  Hearing alone wasn’t enough; he needed to see things for himself.  He decided that he would take a chance on bending down and resting his knees directly on the floor this time, a move that would prevent his legs from going numb, and he hoped the outer layers of the suit would hold up to his weight.  Carefully, he got down on one knee and then the other, and when he turned to look out the slit, he found that the entirety of the grand view had gone red, indicating heat.  That didn’t make sense, and things were too quiet, and he wondered why he wasn’t hearing anything at all.  The microphone in his suit was located on the outer layer of fabric and connected directly to an RF transmitter, and there was a receiver on the inside of his suit, a feature which allowed him to hear his surroundings without compromising the pressure differential to his surroundings.  He thought it was possible that he had hit the control switch to the microphone, which was activated by a button on his chest.  He reached up and pressed the button, just to see if that was the issue, and it was.  Instantly, the sounds of heavy breathing filled his helmet.  Cribbs froze where he was, crouched down on his knees, suddenly aware that his good fortune had spun around on a dime.  The hunter had become the hunted.  He refused to move for an interminably long time, waiting for the red of the mechanical room to go dark once again, yet it did not happen as he had hoped.  Seconds turned into minutes, and he leaned forward in the small space, placing his palms on the floor and stealing a closer look out of the slit.  That was when, at such a close view, he noticed that the red of the room was not all red.  There were yellow streaks mixed in that flowed vertically down the red, like hair.
Then it came to him like a bowling ball striking pens.  The yellow streaks were not like hair.  They were hair.  Cribbs was looking at the lower legs of the creature.  He swallowed the accumulation of saliva in the back of his throat, and he felt a tingle in his uvula.  It was difficult to suppress the cough, but the tingle almost forced it anyway, and he swallowed again, trying to drown the maddening itch away.  The heavy breathing of the creature continued in the microphone, and Cribbs licked his lips and held his breath, trying to tamp down the uncontrollable reflex of his body to expectorate.  Gradually, the impulse to cough waned, and then he tried to clear his throat as quietly as he could without making a sound.  He found that to be nearly impossible, and so he tried to content himself with swallowing repeatedly, hoping to soothe the itch with a steady flow of spit.  It worked for a short while, but involuntary human reflexes cannot be toyed with for long.  To his great dismay, his chest heaved in a quick breath, and he coughed.  The itch in his throat was scratched, but when he listened to what was going on in the room outside his spacesuit, he could no longer hear the creature’s heavy rhythmic breathing.  He knew then that this was no coincidence, that the cough had given him away, but it was too late to change his awful mistake.  He trained his eyes on the cutout that looked into the room, and he watched the creature also squat down on one knee.  This close to the monster, he could see the long fangs as its nose wrinkled up and sniffed the air, and he watched the ears rotate like a dog’s as it listened for a sound.
At that moment, Captain Marcus Cribbs was afraid that he was never going to see his home world of Specter again, that he was never going to hit the jackpot and bring back a chunk of gold through the wormhole he had discovered so many years before.  He also knew that if he survived this encounter, he was never going to find anything more than a few bones from the missing crew members.  These were hard truths, and he could feel nothing but anger toward the creature that had invaded the Green Dragon.  He didn’t understand why it had chosen his ship to terrorize, but he understood that if he didn’t figure out how to kill it, or at least how to get rid of it in deep space, the alien werewolf was going to keep hunting until it killed everyone aboard.
“This creature isn’t human, but it’s intelligent,” he thought to himself.  “It’s chosen the same spot that I have, up high with a perfect view of the entire floor, and it’s looking for me.  If I weren’t hiding right now, I’d be its next meal.”  Right then, Cribbs had the element of surprise, as long as the creature didn’t find him hiding behind the faux wall, and so he remained as still as he could, watching the monster scan the entire mechanical room from above.  The creature then stood up from its crouch, and it backed up against the same wall he was hiding behind.  It was standing so close that if he had reached a hand out, he could have plucked a hair from the back of its leg.  He was not at all tempted to do so since he valued his own life, but he was experiencing one of the great thrills he had found in hunting:  hiding so well that the prey walked right by without knowing they placed their life in his hands.  After all of the pain and heartache the werewolf had caused, he wished that were true, yet he did not know of a weapon that he could use to end the beast’s life.  Instead, he remained hidden in the hunting blind, hoping he would not be detected.  “How am I going to get out of here?” he wondered hopefully, though that thought seemed a trifle out of order, trapped as he was by his own success.  He waited on one knee, and the creature tarried there with him on the other side of the wall, the two separated by no more than a half inch of flimsy metal.  The man was aware, and the monster was oblivious, though Cribbs suspected the creature sensed him somewhere in the vicinity.

Then without warning, the werewolf began a low growl, and it went down on all fours.  Cribbs held his breath and closed his eyes; it was all he could think to do now that the moment of truth had arrived.  There was no flash of bravery, no surge of fearlessness.  His eyes were pinched shut, and he listened to his surroundings with the microphone on his chest, listened for the last howl he would ever hear before his throat was slashed asunder by the wolf’s two-inch long sharp claws.  The growl descended to a low rumble, and with his fingertips on the metal floor, he felt the creature’s footsteps, as miraculously, it moved away.  When he opened his eyes and peered out through the narrow slit, the red glare of the werewolf’s body heat was gone, replaced by the black emptiness of the room below.  He let out a deep breath that fogged up his transparent faceplate, only then realizing that in his fear, he had been restraining himself even from the necessity of breathing.  He scanned everywhere that he could see, and there was no sign of the werewolf.  The thought then occurred to him that he may have been the only other member of his crew, besides the teenage girl Kerry, to have seen the creature without being discovered.  It was a thoroughly encouraging and altogether depressing thought, one which was laced with the subtleties of life and death.
“Okay, Cribbs.  What are you going to do now?” he asked himself, and he had no answer.  He had seen with his own eyes that the werewolf was a skilled hunter like himself, and their dance wasn’t over yet.  Cribbs stood up in the secret place behind the false wall, and he leaned his body back against the wall to rest and to think.  He had narrowly escaped certain death and had been given a reprieve, however long it lasted, but he wasn’t out of the mechanical room yet.  Trouble was waiting for him and the remaining members of his crew.
**********
When Kerry awoke from her nap, she was still tired and didn’t quite understand why she had awoken at first.  She rubbed her eyes, and she looked ahead toward the darkness in the great window and outer space beyond.  Then she felt a drop of liquid by her eyelid, and she reached up and wiped her brow to find her fingers smeared with blood.
“I’m bleeding,” she said to Uma, who was steering the ship.  “Why am I bleeding?”
Uma glanced at her quickly and then trained her eyes back on the radar and the ship’s gauges.  “You probably hit your head when the ship was blasted.”
Kerry didn’t understand, and then Josh broke into the conversation.  “The ship rocked really hard, and your own hand bounced against your forehead.
“Oh,” Kerry said, though she was still too tired to comprehend.  The ship rocked suddenly, and she gripped the arms of the chair.  It was then that she noticed the robot was gone.  “Hey, where’s the droid?” she asked.
“I don’t know.  You had it last,” Uma said and kept her attention focused on flying.  “It seems to have taken up with you.  Maybe you should give it a name.”
“I was thinking ‘Rue’ would be a good name,” Kerry said.
“After your uncle?” Josh said, and Kerry nodded.
“That’s cute that you’re giving it your uncle’s name,” Uma replied.
Kerry didn’t know how to take her last comment, but she didn’t let it bother her.  “Who’s shooting at us?” she asked.
“Questions, questions.  You remind me of a curious three-year-old,” Uma said and flicked a few switches on the control panel.  “The Lofindran has found us again, and she’s trying to destroy us,” she said and tapped one of the gauges with her fingertip to make sure it was actually working.  “I’m trying to make sure she doesn’t.”
“How do you know it’s a ‘she’?” Josh asked.
“How do you know it’s not,” Uma countered, and Josh grinned.  He liked a good debate, but it ended just as quickly as it started.  Kerry sat up and looked around, and she saw Patsy sitting in a chair behind her, still sleeping.
“She’s still out,” Kerry said, and Uma slid her chair over to adjust more controls.
“When she’s tired, Patsy can sleep through a meteor shower without so much as opening her eyes,” Uma said.
“I once worked with a guy like that in the Air Force.  He could sleep through a missile launch.  Sometimes you couldn’t tell if he was dead or alive,” Josh said, then Patsy let out a snore.  “Oh, she’s alive.”  They all laughed, and then he glanced around at the door.  “I didn’t see the android get up and leave, and the door’s still shut to the hallway.  I was taking a nap so I guess I could’ve missed it.”
“There’s no other way out,” Uma said, and in regards to a human, she was right.  The android was an HVAC repair droid though, and no one had thought to check the duct work entering the room through the ceiling.  If they had put their ears to the vent opening and listened, they would have heard the android climbing through the air system connecting to the rest of the ship.
As it was, the android was crawling along a straight section of air shaft toward the mechanical room.  After many long minutes of wading through the metal tunnel, the droid reached a particular vent and compared its location to its internal map.  The location matched up perfectly with a node on the map.  The android then used its optical sensors to focus on the corridor below, and when it saw that there was no detectable movement in its visible range, it pushed open the vent door and crawled out.  The droid found itself in the hallway just outside of Room 8-5-12-12, and it remembered that the werewolf was hiding out there in the dark where it had the element of surprise on the rest of the crew.
The android stopped and wondered to itself, “How do I remember such details?”  It didn’t know the answer, and it didn’t know why it cared whether the crew survived.  The android’s awareness seemed a mystery to itself, but it knew somehow that the little girl was special and must be protected.  The droid did not have badge access into all of the areas of the ship, but it didn’t care about that.  Instead, it scaled the wall to the ceiling where there was another vent opening.  Using a built-in screwdriver, it disassembled the screws and let the vent door flap open.  Then the droid crawled up into the duct and accessed the schematics for the heating and ventilation of the Green Dragon that were contained within its memory banks.  With an overlay of the blueprints combined with the three-dimensional information from its optical sensors, the android mapped out its destination and ambled through the ductwork, taking turn after turn until it reached the specific damper opening it had been looking for.  With a prying tool, the droid levered the damper open against the actuator settings, and it scanned the view below.  The android was equipped with thermal detector circuits within its optical scanners, and it detected a warm body moving through the corridors within the vast room.  The android recognized the creature that lurked in the darkness below.
“The whar-wolf,” the android said with its mini speakers.
**********
The werewolf suddenly stopped at the sound of the android’s speakers, and the monster looked all around itself for the source of the bodiless voice.  The android sat still inside the shadows of the ventilation duct, silent and unmoving, and the werewolf began to sniff the air to see if its nose could detect a human.  Pointing its nose up high into the air, the monster inhaled the scents of hydraulic fluid and fuel and lubricating oil . . . and a human.  A human that had not yet been torn apart by the wolf’s teeth.  The scent was faint, possibly covered and sealed inside a container, but it was there.  With its nose still pointed toward the ceiling, the wolf opened its eyes and found itself looking at an open air duct.
“Tink!” came a metallic clang, and a latch released.  Suddenly, the vent slammed shut, and the echoes of hands and feet scurrying through the metal casing bounced out of the grill.  The werewolf howled, slunk down into a spring, and then shot up twenty feet off the floor and swiped the duct cover on the ceiling with the claws of one hand.  The metal cover crumpled and clanged against the far wall on the second floor, and the werewolf landed on its feet.  Then the werewolf leaped again and grabbed onto the sides of the open duct, holding itself in the air.  It was a small rectangular hole, and it stuck its head into the duct and caught sight of the robot disappearing around a bend.  The werewolf lowered its eyebrows and growled fiercely at the robot, but it couldn’t get any more than its head inside the small passageway.  Then the wolf barked in anger that the droid had gotten away from it again.  The monster let go of the opening and fell to the floor, landing on its feet.  It didn’t need to sniff the air to know where the droid was going because it saw the direction it was scampering.  The werewolf got down on all fours and howled at the ceiling again, and then it dashed through the maze of corridors and burst through the exit.
**********
Captain Cribbs heard the creature howl, and the wild baying left no doubt in his mind about the intentions of the monster who had invaded the Green Dragon.  There was no mistaking it.  The creature wasn’t one to be studied, and it didn’t appear to be the kind to show compassion on the other passengers.  No, this creature was intelligent and hungry, a werewolf like the kind he had seen on so many old Earth movies.  This hybrid monster was vicious, and he believed the closest it would come to human affection would be manifested in its hunger.
The monster also reminded him of something in his own youth.  A story, perhaps.  His home world of Specter had not had werewolf legends of its own, but he did recall rumors of a virus that had been contracted on one of Saturn’s moons.
“What was the name of that moon?” he asked himself, but the name escaped him.  If it was important, it would come to him later, but with the werewolf gone, he had a real chance to escape from his hiding place, and he didn’t want to waste it.  As he moved the false wall and put it back into place, he thought about where the werewolf might be going, and he toggled the microphone in his ear.
“Patsy!  Uma!”
“Captain!  We’ve been trying to reach you!  Where have you been?” Uma asked.
“Hiding in Room 8-5-12-12.  Is everyone still in there with you?”
“Yes.  Well, no,” she corrected.  “The repair droid’s gone.”
“The droid’s in no danger, but listen, I don’t have much time to explain.  Just get up right now and make sure the door to the control room is locked.  Don’t let anyone in,” he ordered.
“Not even you?” she asked.
Cribbs sighed.  “We’ll worry about that when the time comes,” he said, and then another explosion rocked the ship and sent him tumbling into the wall.  “What the heck was that?!” he yelled into the microphone, and when he let go of the transmitter button, he heard nothing but static in his earpiece.  “Uma.  Uma!” Cribbs yelled, but there was no reply.
Chapter 13
*
“Captain!  Captain!” Uma said into the microphone, but when she listened to the crackling static, she couldn’t hear Cribbs on the other end.  She let go of the radio and looked over at her ship mate who had just woken up with the last explosion.
“Can’t we ever get away from this creep!” Patsy said as she watched the radar and helped to steer the ship away from the Lofindran vessel that had found them once again.
“It doesn’t seem so.  She’s probably pissed about her two missing companions,” Uma said.
“If they were still alive, doesn’t she know that if she blows up the Green Dragon with them on board, they would die, too?” Josh added, and then another laser bolt struck the side of the ship and shook them like they were rag dolls.
“She?  When did we decide it’s a she?” Patsy asked.
“It’s a recent development,” Uma said.
“Well, then I’d say she doesn’t care if the other two die,” Patsy said.
“I wonder where Rue is.  Do you think he’s okay?” Kerry asked Josh.
“Rue?  I’m sorry to tell you he’s long gone, honey,” Patsy replied.
“She means the android,” Josh defended.  “She’s given it her uncle’s name, remember.”
Patsy frowned and shrugged her shoulders as she said, “Whatever.  I see I slept through all of the major decisions.”
“Be nice, dear.  Bring out your best bartending personality,” Uma said to Patsy.
“I’m too busy to be nice right now,” Patsy said as she steered the ship through various spins and hard turns.  “Try me again if we survive.  If we don’t, I’ll apologize to everybody on the other side.”
“I’m an atheist,” Uma said.
“Then you better hope we win this battle,” Patsy answered.  “Otherwise, you won’t hear my apology.”
Patsy weaved the ship through the stars, staying a mile ahead of the enemy ship that stalked them through triple light speed.  She was the best pilot on the Green Dragon, but piloting was not her first love; it was just something that she was great at doing.  Cribbs gave her a pass on flying the ship and let her serve drinks and cook their food instead.  So, in a manner of speaking, he had found another way to put their lives in her hands.  That was how it went on the Green Dragon; just enough people to do the chores, and everyone’s job was equally important to the welfare of the rest of the crew.  Except at the moment, the crew was less than half the size it had begun with, and Cribbs was out of contact with the last two members of his original crew.
“Watch out for that photon wave!” Uma screamed, and Patsy remained calm and deftly made a ninety degree turn and rode along the edge of the wave as if she were ripping a wave off the beaches of Hawaii.
“You were saying,” Patsy remarked with a devious grin.
“Be more careful!  Photon waves can wipe out a ship!” Uma said to her crossly.
“I don’t take them lightly,” Patsy replied.  Josh started laughing at the bad pun, and Uma swiveled around in her seat with daggers darting out of her eyes.  Josh threw up his hands.
“Hey, don’t look at me.  I used to surf when I was a kid, and I’m just enjoying the ride through the barrel,” he told her.  Kerry giggled.
“I’m glad somebody is,” Uma said.  Her face was turning green, and she had her hand over her mouth.
“Where are we going anyhow?” Kerry asked.
“The captain had a destination in mind, and I was going there in a straight line,” Patsy explained.
“It doesn’t feel like a straight line,” Uma argued.
“Well, it isn’t anymore because I’m trying to keep us from wiping out in the waves and from being blown to bits by the Lofindran,” Patsy explained.  Then suddenly, the ship stopped reacting to her commands, and no matter which way she steered or how much she adjusted the acceleration, nothing happened.  She slammed her hands on the dashboard in aggravation, and when that had no effect, she swiveled around to face the others.  “We’re caught in their kinetic binder.”
“What does that mean?” Kerry asked.
“It means we’ve been caught by the enemy,” Josh said.
“It also means I might have a chance of holding my lunch down because Patsy’s no long steering,” Uma said.
“When that Lofindran boards us and discovers that her shipmates are dead, your space sickness will be the least of your worries,” Patsy said to her.
“Ladies.  Let’s not fight amongst ourselves,” Josh said.
“Did you hear that?” Kerry said, and she put her hand to her ear to listen.  “It sounds like someone’s coming down the hallway.”  They all stopped bickering for a minute, and they listened to the sounds inside the ship.  She was right; a clank was echoing between the narrow walls.
“Be quiet,” Patsy whispered and grabbed Sunrise.
“Do you have any more of those?” Josh asked and pointed at the ample weaponry she had in her arms.  Patsy shook her head no, and he frowned.  He wished then that he had a sidearm like he carried in the Air Force for so many years.  Instead, he was unarmed, and the clanging drew closer.  It sounded like someone was jumping up and down in the hallway, possibly even scraping the ceiling.
“This is nuts!” Uma said in a loud whisper, and a fist banged on the door.  Then they heard the creature howl on the other side.
“Wolves.  Oh God, why did it have to be wolves,” Kerry uttered.
“Don’t worry.  That door could handle a whole army of creatures, but the captain’s still out there,” Patsy said, and ignoring her own advice, she aimed the gun with trembling hands at the door.  Normally, she was as solid as steel, but with all that had happened on the ship that week, her confidence had crumbled.  They all kept their mouths shut and eavesdropped on what was happening just outside the door.  They heard the werewolf scratching the ceiling as if it were trying to dig into the metal ceiling tiles with its bare claws.
“Captain,” Patsy spoke into the microphone on her head.  She waited patiently, but all she heard was dead air.  Then there was a crackle.
“Cribbs here,” a familiar voice whispered.
“Oh, thank heaven,” Patsy said, and Uma nodded.  She had heard his voice, too.
“I’m down in the guts of the ship, still hiding out behind a fake wall,” Cribbs said.
“You had better stay there, then,” Patsy said.  “That . . . thing . . . it’s outside the door, and it’s scratching the ceiling apart.”
“Who are you talking to?” Josh and Kerry both asked at the same time.  They didn’t have head gear on and couldn’t hear what they were talking about.
“It’s the captain,” Patsy said.
“Ask him if he’s seen the android,” Kerry said, and then the gridded air vent in the ceiling fell open and the android dropped out onto the floor.  “Never mind.”
“Captain, I think I know why it was tearing the ceiling to shreds.  The android was in the air vents, and it probably heard it climbing around,” Patsy said.
“Whatever you do, don’t open the door for it,” Cribbs warned, and Patsy and Uma looked at each other and laughed nervously.
“You don’t have to tell us twice,” Patsy said.
“Good.  I’ve got an idea, but it requires getting the ship to the beacons,” Cribbs started to explain, but Uma stopped him.
“Listen, Captain.  The Lofindran ship has us in a kinetic binder, and we can’t break loose,” Uma said.
“Have you tried to break loose from them?” Cribbs asked.  Patsy and Uma looked at each other questioningly.
“Well, no, but I’ve never known anyone to be able to break a binder,” Uma asked.
“There’s an art form to it, and if I were there . . . ,” Cribbs said quietly.
“But you’re not here, and we can’t afford to mess this up.  She’ll kill us all and take the ship,” Patsy argued.  There was silence on the other end as the captain contemplated her argument, and then Cribbs finally spoke up.
“All right, just leave the binder for now.  I’ll get it when I get back to the control room,” Cribbs said.
“I don’t think you’re going to make it in time,” Uma said as she looked out the window.  “The Lofindran has a spacesuit and is flying toward our dock.”
“That’s just great.  Cross your fingers and hope that she doesn’t kill us when she finds her partners’ blood all over the dock,” Cribbs said.  They were in a real predicament, and everything seemed hopeless.  He had wanted to investigate what the werewolf was building down below, but there was no time for it just then.  “I’m headed your way now.”
Patsy jumped up from her seat and almost screamed into the microphone.  “But you can’t!  That thing’s outside the control room!”
“Maybe I’m not as excited as Patsy right now,” Uma interrupted.  “But she’s right.”
“Guys,” Kerry said, and she pointed at the door to the hallway.  The werewolf was beating the metal plates with both fists, and the walls of the room were shaking with each blow.  “That thing’s coming through the door.  What are we going to do?!” she asked anyone who would answer.  She got out of her seat and squatted next to Josh, and the old man put his hand on hers.
“Don’t worry.  We’re going to get out of this,” Josh reassured her even as dents began to appear in the thick metal door.
“I wish I could be so sure,” Patsy said, and then she looked out the window into space.  Her life flashed before her eyes while she watched the Lofindran fly around the ship and disappear into the dock.  She saw herself in the reflection, her tired eyes and mussed up hair, and she combed the tangles out with her fingers.  Then she looked at Uma and saw worry in her shipmate’s eyes.  The werewolf was beating down their door, and death was looking back at them from every angle.  “We’re going to survive,” she lied to the other passengers in the control room, even as she realized that Cribbs had gone silent.  “Cribbs!  Are you still there?!”
**********
Cribbs turned off the microphone and speaker combo.  He was wrestling with two problems.  The first was that the creature was building something with his machinery, and he didn’t know what that something was.  The second problem was that the Green Dragon was under attack.
He crossed his fingers and hoped he was choosing the right path.  Regardless, he was going to give his full attention to his next move.
Chapter 14
*
Her name was M’lalla.  She was the Topaz of the fourth outpost of Lofindran Precinct 996.  Her duty was to maintain the safety of her people.  Andromeda was a huge galaxy, so it was not an easy task, and the Lofindrans were in charge of their brand of truth and justice for as far as they could see in any direction.  The Milky Way was millions of miles away, and they called it the L’Pemanica N’Dea, or the ‘Diseased Eye’ in the closest English translation.  They hated F’Eymonds, which was their word for pirates, and they also hated W’Mucks.  Humans.  W’Muck F’Eymonds were the most despised of all beings in their eyes, and she was preparing to board a ship by herself against six of them.
She ran a scan of their ship, and of the six beings on board, none of them appeared to be her fellow Lofindrans.  She mourned the assumed deaths of her shipmates, I’wufanda and W’macka, but as a decorated warrior from Lofindra, she must complete the mission alone or face execution for cowardice when she returned to her post without her fellow warriors.  M’lalla was no coward, and she would secure revenge on the murdered crew members, no matter the cost.
She donned her boarding suit, and she picked out the appropriate weapons from her personal arsenal:  two long ebony blades and a handheld death ray.  The death ray was standard issue to the Lofindran guardians of the Andromeda galaxy.  The ebony blades, however, had been a gift from her father, but since knives and pressurized suits did not mix well together, she had used them sparingly.  This predicament was special, and she was perfectly willing to take the risk of poking a hole in her own suit if it meant that she could exact revenge in the most acceptable manner.  Then she glanced down at the p’owagonna, a handheld grenade that was packed with poison in the form of a gaseous acid, and she took it along for good measure.  It wouldn’t be the first time she had left an enemy ship to corrode from the inside out in the cold, lonely depths of l’matra, what the humans called outer space.
M’lalla opened the hatch and flung herself out into the unfriendly emptiness, and she flew around the circumference of the ship with the gas packs in her suit, thinking to herself that the invading vessel took on the shape of a cheap b’haha, or firework, in plain English.  As she examined the Green Dragon, she noticed the damage to the outer ring, how some of the circular tube had been sheared off.  The damage looked to be from a collision, perhaps from an errant meteor or fragments from a comet.  Maybe it wasn’t anything that unfortunate; maybe the pilot was terrible at guiding the ship.  Maybe the pirates on board had stolen the ship.  The possibilities were as endless as outer space, and M’lalla batted away her curiosity and drew up close to the shearing damage.  She flashed a b’owate, or light, on the jagged tube, and as her light went over the edges, she caught sight of a fiber sticking out.  She reached out with her glove, and she wiped it with a fingertip, only to find the fiber would not come off so easily.  That made perfect sense; otherwise, the fiber would have come off when they went to light speed and beyond.  Struck by her greatest weakness again, curiosity, she shined the light on the fiber, took out a small blade, and scraped across the edge.  She was not sure what she had found, but it was w’compa in nature, or organic.  After some work, the particles flaked off along with the fiber, and she shined the light across the bits, making a discovery.  The fiber was an e’canahan, a trace of fur with which she was unfamiliar.  There were also traces of o’pake, or silicon, and n’dun, which was iron; those were typical elements which she had seen before in a meteor strike.
“But why would fur be mixed in with a meteor?” M’lalla wondered for a moment.  “Perhaps the meteor smashed an animal.  That would make them smugglers,” she decided, and then she swore and waved the meaningless traces away, sending them out at light speed into the vacuum.  The history of the pirates’ problems was no concern of hers.  She knew their future because it was written on the ends of her ebony blades.  She propelled herself toward the open bay where the docking tube had exploded, and she slowly drifted in front of the huge hole.  When she was facing the chasm of the dock, she looked into the gaping maw of jagged metal, and she couldn’t help but notice the uncanny resemblance it bore to a predator’s mouth.

“What secrets do you hold, besides the bodies of my companions?” she asked the serrated aperture, and she received the answer that she would have expected from an inanimate object.  Silence.  She pressed the gas propellant and coasted slowly into the mouth of the Green Dragon, or whatever sphincter it amounted to, and she withdrew her ebony blade from its scabbard.  She wanted to be ready to send the six beings aboard to their deaths in a manner most suitable for pirates.  Piece by piece.
**********
While the adults discussed their doom, the android walked over to Kerry where she sat huddled up next to Josh, and it held out its metal hand to touch her knee.
“Come, little one.  Let’s see the Badlands,” the droid said.  Kerry gasped.
“That’s a weird thing for a robot to say,” Josh said to Kerry.  She didn’t reject the droid’s hand; instead, she embraced it.
“Show me the Badlands,” the intrigued teenager said, even as the werewolf was breaking down the seals to the control room.  Kerry got up and followed the android to the air vent.
“Whoa!  What’s she doing?” Patsy said to Josh.  They watched the android lead the girl up into the shaft where she disappeared.
“Beats me,” the old man shrugged, “But I think that droid’s onto something.”  He unbuckled from the safety of the seat and went over to the air vent.  He stuck his head up into the gap, and he crawled into it.  The dents in the door were bending more and more with each pound of the animal’s fist, and it wouldn’t be long before the werewolf was inside the control room.  Uma and Patsy looked at each other, then they followed suit without a word between them.  Uma went in first, and then Patsy glanced back at the dented door that separated them from the unwanted visitor’s violence.  There was nothing they could do to stop the creature.  Patsy thought of all the people who must have died trying, and she clinched her jaws and gritted her teeth in powerless anger.  She was not lining up to be a hot meal for a cold predator, and she scurried into the vent and reached back to pull the thin gridded frame in place behind her.  She knew the werewolf would figure out which way they had gone, but she thought it was worth a try to set up any kind of barrier she could.  Living was far better than dying.
The android led the four of them through a maze of ducts that they could barely fit through, and behind them, the angry howls of the werewolf could be heard echoing off the metal walls of the ship.  The beast had gotten into the control room but was too large to fit into the duct work.  Its shrieks of anger were enough to shake the walls of the ducts and send chills down their spines.  The android who led them finally came to a stop after what seemed like endless miles of climbing and squirming.
“Where are we, Rue?” Kerry asked the android.
“The kitchen,” the droid replied.
“The droid really does remind you of your uncle, huh,” Josh said.  They were all squeezed in a cramped line in the thin metal frame which was built like some gigantic square straw, and the old man was the closest one to the girl.
“It . . . he says things to me that only Rue would say,” she explained.
“Oh, well, I see,” Josh said.  He was going along with her, but he really wanted to apologize to her that they had ended up in such a mess, though he just couldn’t find the words.
“What are you two talking about up there?” Patsy said from the rear.
“Nothing,” Josh said.
“The android says we’re over the kitchen,” Kerry replied, and that one statement actually brought the spirits of the crew up.  They were all hungry, and the concept of eating was hard to turn away so they all voted to stop where they were and check the kitchen to see if it was all clear.  Patsy knew the room best since it was her primary work center, and she removed the air filter and peered through the gridded vent.  The room was empty, and as usual, the door was shut the way she had left it.
“I’m so hungry, I could eat a Yastedon,” Patsy said, referring to the giant whale-like mammals that swam in the seas and used their fins to crawl across the lands of Specter.  “The panel’s bolted on from the other side.  How the heck do we get the screws off?”  The android heard her question and was small enough to squeeze past Kerry, Josh, and Uma.  When it reached the vent opening, it chirped once and extended an appendage from its chest with a screwdriver bit on the end through a slit in the vent.  The appendage rotated, and a few seconds later, they heard a screw fall to the floor.  The android then used its mechanical hands to hold the vent up while it unfastened the other three screws.  “Ain’t that something?  I need to get one of these droids for the kitchen,” Patsy whispered as the android quietly dropped the door of the vent on its hinge.  Then the droid lowered its optical sensors into the room and scanned for movement.  When it was satisfied, the droid dropped down onto the cabinets, wheeled over to the door, and flicked the lock.  Patsy motioned for the others to stay where they were while she lowered herself onto a countertop and tiptoed over to one of the refrigerators where she kept the fresh fruit and vegetables.  She opened it up and withdrew a bag of apples, and she handed three of them up to Uma, who distributed them to Josh and Kerry.  She stuffed one in her own pocket while she tied the bag and placed it back into the refrigerator.  Then she opened the cabinet where she stored the cans of feathered tuna, sloth fish, and pickled scaly bear, delicacies from Saturn’s moon Titan, and she gathered an arm full and passed them up to her friends through the open vent.  Next, she snatched four large bottles of water from one of the lower cabinets, and she passed them up to Uma.
“A can opener?” Uma whispered, and Patsy nodded.  She tiptoed over to the utensil drawer where she kept the kitchen gadgets, and she carefully pulled it open.  The spot where she kept the can opener was empty.  She dug through the forks, spoons, tongs, spatulas, and measuring cups, but she couldn’t find the can opener.  She leaned her head back and closed her eyes, trying to remember where it was that she had left the can opener, but she couldn’t remember placing it anywhere else except where it belonged.
“Where are you?” Patsy said to herself as she opened her eyes again.  Instead of figuring out where the can opener was, she saw a shadow beneath the door to the hallway.  Her eyes opened wide, and she pinched her lips together and sucked them in between her teeth.  She held her breath and stood as positively still as she could.  At that moment, Uma dropped her head down into the room to see what Patsy was doing, and Patsy caught her movement out of the corner of her eye.  She put her hand over her mouth, looked up at Uma, and tilted her head toward the door.  She hoped Uma could read her body language and decipher that she needed to be utterly quiet.
“What?” Uma whispered, and Patsy’s heart fell.  The shadow moved, and before Patsy could do anything to prepare herself for what would come next, the door to the kitchen blasted open.
**********
Captain Cribbs leaned forward and stared out through the small slit in the metal wall, and he wrung his hands nervously.  His crew was in dire need of salvation from the werewolf and the Lofindran, and here he sat, hiding alone behind a fake wall.  He felt ashamed, but he knew he was no match for either one by himself.  He had seen what the werewolf had done to the Lofindrans, and he had come too far on his journey to become an easy meal.  When he was convinced that the werewolf was at the control room and couldn’t be in two places at once, he pushed the metal sheet he was hiding behind out of the way.  Despite his best efforts at comfort, he had been cramped and kneeling for so long while he studied the creature’s every move that his legs had turned into quivering jelly again, and when he tried to come out of hiding, his legs fell out from under him.  Cribbs stumbled off his feet with his palms splayed out on the metal grating, and his legs trembled so violently that he had to lay down on the floor in his spacesuit and relax.  He massaged his quadriceps with his hands, and after a few minutes of the sensation of needles pricking into his skin, he began to feel his legs again.  His forehead was covered in sweat, and his helmet had fogged over completely during the process.  He released the seals on his suit, turned off the air supply from his regulator, and opened his visor.  Cool air flooded into his helmet, and he took in a deep breath and laid his head back on the floor.
“These are the times I wish I was on land again,” he said to himself, and he wiped the sweat from his forehead.  He leaned up on one elbow, and he looked all around him.  There was no movement in the room, no construction going on any longer, only the repetitive sounds of working machinery, pumps, motors, and fans.  He was alone at last.  He basked in the solitude and let the feeling come back into his legs for another minute.  When he was ready, he rolled over onto his knees and got to his feet.  That was when he heard an explosion coming from somewhere inside his own ship.  His shoulders tensed up, and he tested out his legs.  The tingling was gone, and they felt good again.  He would have loved to spend a few minutes examining what the werewolf had been building, but time was of the essence.  He ran quickly through the maze and took in the construction site.  His jaw dropped.  He would have to return and take care of this very soon, but the explosion in the ship took precedence over his own curiosity.  He didn’t hesitate any longer, and he ran over to the doors leading out of the huge mechanical room.  He put one hand on the door handle and held his laser gun in the other.  His instinct was to open the door, but then he thought better of it when he imagined the werewolf standing on the other side, waiting for him to come out.  He gritted his teeth and swore at himself for being such a coward, but no matter what he thought of himself, he knew he was no match for the werewolf.  He let go of the handle and stared down at his feet.  “Where is my confidence?” Cribbs asked himself, and he tried to comb his hair back with his glove, but the helmet stopped him.  “I told the others that I had a plan, but that was just me trying to give them hope.  If I had been honest with them, I would have told them that I thought we were all going to die at the creature’s hand.  Like Harry, Schmidt, and Jessie.  I hope they never knew what hit them,” he told himself as he knelt down on one knee at the exit.  He took a moment of silence to remember the friends he had lost on this voyage.  They had all been innocent lives . . . well, maybe not innocent, but their lives were important.  They meant something to someone.  Even Rue, alcoholic that he was, had a family that missed him.  The chief engineer’s niece had flown all the way out to the Andromeda galaxy to pay him a visit.  Probably because she loved him and missed him.
And then there was Angie and Harold, whose lives were sucked out of them in an instant.  They had become like family to him.  Gone.
There was also Dr. Skoll, who had been trapped with Rue out in deep space.  They hadn’t found her body on the wreckage either, but she must have been out there with that cursed wolf.  He thought that since Rue had been locked away in a cell at the time of the collision, the doctor had to have been the first to fall to the beast.
“Skoll,” he said to himself and let the name roll off his tongue.  He could taste the word, and there was a recollection there that he couldn’t quite place.  “What was it about that name?” he asked himself, but he couldn’t remember whatever it was.  “Skoll, Skoll, Skoll, . . . ,” Cribbs repeated like a monk would chant a prayer.
**********
M’lalla shoved the remnant of the door inward, and when the smoke from the explosion had cleared, she stepped through the opening toward the shadow of the figure on the floor.
“W’Muck!  Get up!” M’lalla shouted at the person sprawled out on the tiled floor.  It was a woman, a female, and she didn’t move.  M’lalla drew out one of her ebony blades, and she poked the woman in the arm with the tip, but the woman didn’t move.  The Lofindran warrior knelt down, set her death ray down on the floor close beside her, slipped off one of her gloves, and she clamped down on the woman’s wrist.  “No pulse.  Dead.  Good,” she reassured herself.  The warrior looked over the woman’s face, noted her soft features and grimaced.  Lofindrans hated tenderness.  They were a hard people who were made that way by the hard life they had been given.  Humans only came to their galaxy to steal or to pollute their space with their wares.  Then she remembered the hair she had found on the outside of the ship, and she grew angry.
“Who did these people think they were?  Killing her comrades and smuggling animals!  Breaking every law they held sacred!” she told herself, justifying the life she had just taken so easily.  M’lalla slipped the glove back on her hand, and just as she started to pick up the death ray, she heard the rustling in the ceiling above.  Dirt fell to the floor, and she snatched up the gun and pointed it up to the ceiling, but there was nothing there except an opening in the ventilation system.  She squinted her eyes, and the ridges on the bridge of her nose wrinkled.  She sniffed, and she smelled the burnt metal and smoke.  There was a faint human odor mixed in as well, but it could be the dead woman on the floor, fussing up the place with her softness and tenderness.  She looked down at the woman again and wondered if she had a child.  M’lalla did, and she hadn’t seen her child in many months.
“Did the woman miss her child?” she questioned, and the question caused a bitter taste in her mouth.  She spit, and said aloud, “I don’t care about you, woman!  You got what you deserved,” she said.  The woman made no reply, just laid there.  Soft and tender.  Harmless and unarmed.  M’lalla bent down and frisked the woman’s body, and she thought she felt a gun in her pocket.  She reached in and pulled out the weapon, but when she opened her hand, there was only an apple in her glove.  “Where was her weapon?  She had to have a weapon,” she told herself.
A voice echoed in the silence, and it came from overhead again.  This time, M’lalla climbed up on the cabinets, and she probed her ebony blade into the opening, hoping to find someone inside.  She was disappointed because there was nothing there but air.  Even so, there was something, or someone, moving around in the ventilation system.  The Lofindran had a choice.  If she let them crawl away through the duct work, she might not find them later.  However, if she crawled up into the narrow labyrinth, she would be hunting her quarry under their rules, not hers.  “They could lay a trap for me.  Or worse, I could get stuck in there, and then, where would I be?” she asked herself, and she cursed.  “They will die soon enough,” she finally convinced herself, and she jumped down from the countertop and tossed the apple at the dead woman’s feet.  Then she crept up to the doorway and looked down the hallway in both directions.  She was alone as far as she could tell.  “Hunting the rest of them down is going to give me great pleasure,” she thought, and then she heard the terrifying wail coming from a nearby corridor.
**********
The duct work rocked with the blast to the door, and the android’s sensors went haywire.  When the noise dissipated and the vibrations ended, the droid snatched Kerry’s shirt and pulled her farther along the duct away from the source of the danger.  The girl was stunned and frightened from the death ray’s blast, but she managed to scurry ahead with the droid anyway.
“Where are we going?” she whispered, but her ears were ringing and her own words sounded like they were coming through a pipe.  The droid didn’t reply for fear of revealing itself to whatever had created the noise down below.  Instead, the droid tugged her deeper and deeper along the maze of duct work.  Kerry would have asked the droid the question again, but her sense of danger had risen up as the shock of the blast dissipated.  She looked back to notice that Josh was nowhere to be seen, and that worried her.  If at all possible, she didn’t want to leave her neighbor from South Dakota behind.  Still, she kept moving further and further through the maze and putting more distance between herself and the danger below.
Uma and Josh were in shell shock as well, and they hadn’t noticed that Kerry and the droid had left them behind.  Josh placed his hand on Uma’s back and tried to make eye contact with her, but it was dark and he couldn’t see whether she was okay or not.  He could feel her breathing fast and heavy though, and he knew she was alive.  That would have to do.  He saw her leaning over the precipice and peering down into the kitchen below, and he wondered if that was such a good idea since dust and dirt had erupted into the duct from there.  Uma’s head was through the vent, and then she reared up suddenly and threw her back against his hand and the wall.  It didn’t hurt him, only surprised him, and curiosity got the best of him.  Josh crawled over and went to lean down into the kitchen when Uma wrapped her arm around his chest and stopped him.  He almost asked her what was wrong, but his Air Force training kicked in, and he kept as quiet as she did.  He didn’t look down and didn’t try to fight her.  When she pushed him to move away from the opening, he went.  Uma continued to shove him along the duct work, away from the kitchen, and every time he turned around to ask where they were going, she shoved him farther along.  He didn’t know where he was going, and when he finally realized that Kerry and the droid were gone, he stopped and spoke up.
“What did you see?” he whispered, and she slapped her hand over his mouth.  The silence from the kitchen below was deafening, and he knew that he had made a grave mistake by talking, but none of this seemed right.  He wanted to know what was going on.  Instead of an answer, Uma shoved him ahead.  He wasn’t fond of being pushed, but nevertheless, he cooperated and crawled quietly through the metal works.  They were moving quickly, and he thought that he would bump into Kerry at some point, but he never did.  Finally, after many yards of scrambling through the ducts, Uma pulled on his shoe, and he stopped.  He wanted to say something to her, but he didn’t know if it was safe yet.  Instinct led him, and he turned her way.  Uma was sitting on top of a gridded vent, and he saw her face framed against the light from below.  She was looking between her knees through the vent, and her eyes were wide at what she saw below.
Then a wolf’s howl echoed within the ship, a wail so terrible in its might that it shook the sheet metal under both their feet and pierced their ear drums like a knife.  Uma tried to scramble away from the vent, but she was too late.  Long yellow fingernails ripped the vent out of its housing, and she fell through the hole.  It was her turn to scream, and Josh slid over to the open vent and looked down.  It was his first time seeing the monster, and though he was a decorated war veteran, he broke out in a cold sweat as he watched the creature tear into the helpless passenger.  From what he witnessed, he knew she was going to die, but he couldn’t let her fall victim to the creature without doing something.  He was directly above the werewolf’s head, and for a split second, he considered what his next move should be.
“I have to do something,” Josh told himself.  He gripped the silver cross that he wore proudly around his neck, and he tore the thin chain from his throat.  Adrenaline pumped through his veins, and the next thing he knew, he found himself descending through the hole and kicking the werewolf in the back of the neck with his boots.  The creature was surprised by the unexpected attack, and Josh had his opportunity.  He used the silver cross like a razor blade and slashed through the skin in the back of the monster’s exposed neck.  Blood spewed from the wound, and the werewolf yelped and leaped off of Uma even as she screamed in pain and terror.
“There’s more where that came from!” Josh yelled at the monster.  He pinched the small bloody cross between his fingers and held it up for the creature to see.  The old man wasn’t sure he believed the myths from the old movies he had watched as a kid, but he had nothing else to use, and he wasn’t going to let the monster tear Uma apart without a fight.  The werewolf clinched the wound on the back of its neck with one hand and swiped cautiously at Josh with the claws of the other, not daring to get close to the silver cross in the old man’s hand.  Josh’s gamble had paid off.
“I’m hurt so bad,” Uma mumbled behind him.  Josh was positioned between her and the monster, and he stood his ground like the proud soldier he had once been.  The werewolf swiped at him with its sharp jaundiced claws, but the old man became a shield of hope for the wounded woman.  There was a tense standoff between himself and the feral creature, and the werewolf held its ground, pressing its advantage and staying just out of his reach.  It was an uneasy exercise for Josh since he was close enough to smell its foul breath.
“Kill it!” Uma screamed as she held her bleeding midsection.  The gouges from its claws had shredded her abdomen, and every heartbeat compelled her life blood onto the cold metal floor.  Hearing the pain and fear in her voice, compassion for the injured lady rose up in his chest, and Josh was compelled to lay the silver cross down and tend to her injuries, but he dared not look away from the creature for fear of its deadly wrath.
At that moment, all seemed lost.
Chapter 15
*
Kerry and the android wound through the maze of ducts until they came to a stop at the edge of an open vent.
“Where are we?” she asked the droid, and the cold metal construct turned its optical sensors toward her.  The lights in its sensors twinkled, and the droid reached up and touched her face lightly with one of its metal appendages.  It was an act that was best fitted to a parent, not an android.
“Peanutbutterville,” the droid said, and Kerry gasped at the word.  She recognized the place.  That was the made-up name of the town in nearby Nebraska where her uncle had always promised he would take her for a weekend.  He had told her that they would float down the lazy river in peanut husks and half-shells, and then they would dine on peanut butter and banana sandwiches and warm milk by a campfire.
“Rue!  It really is you!” she squealed.  Tears welled up in her eyes, and she hugged the cold metal frame.  The corners of the android were sharp, but she didn’t care.  The droid hugged her back and held her in the embrace for almost a minute, and then gently pushed her away.  “How did you get inside an android?” she asked, and the droid placed a finger on its face where its lips should have been.
“No questions for now.  Be still and stay here in the half-shell,” the droid said as it started to roll away.  The machine’s command of the English language had progressed at a miraculous rate.
“But I have so much to ask you,” she called out after him.  “So much to say.”
“I will return, but,” the droid said and pointed to her chest.  “Stay.”
For once, Kerry did as she was told, and she stayed in the air handler, alone.  She curled up in a ball, and she wiped the joyful tears from her eyes.  A few weeks earlier, she had gone to the extraordinary effort of convincing her neighbor Josh to come all the way out into the deep space of another galaxy to meet her uncle, only to be saddened at learning of Rue’s untimely death.  For a while, she had believed he was gone from her life forever.  But now, here he was, alive, . . . if she could truly say that.  She thought that maybe it really wasn’t him in there, but then she wondered how it could be that the little droid knew such personal secrets unless it really was Rue’s mind inside the droid.  She was tortured with feelings of extreme happiness at finding Rue’s consciousness alive again, but those feelings were mingled in with intense bitterness at discovering her uncle’s new bodily form of cold metal and sharp edges.  Kerry pursed her lips in a jumbled blend of disappointment and happiness, and in that instant, her emotions overcame her better judgment.  She pounded her fist into the side of the air duct, and the rectangular column echoed her thump of frustration.
“Oh, no!” she thought as she registered her mistake, but by then it was too late.  She clapped her hand over her mouth and hoped no one had heard her uncontrolled outburst.  She paused in the cold of the rectangle, and she glanced behind her and ahead of her.  After a minute of silence, she decided that nothing was coming to get her.  She had made a terrible mistake by losing her temper, but it hadn’t cost her.  She was safe for the moment, and she swore to herself that she wouldn’t do anything that stupid again.  She reached up to her ear and pinched her lobe in punishment for her stupidity.  It just wasn’t like her to lose her self-control, but sometimes, with all of the tragedy that framed her life, it was all she could do not to scream.  Sometimes, it seemed, her life just wasn’t fair.
“If I do that again, the werewolf will find me.  Then, snip, snap,” she preached to herself, hoping that she could get better control of her emotions.  “That would not be good.”  She dragged her selfish thoughts off her conflicting emotions for a minute, and she put her focus on her own survival.  There had to be a way to help the crew of the Green Dragon, and she needed to be alive to do that.  She sat there with her arms clinched around herself.  She was cold, and she was lonely.  And most of all, she was scared.
Then suddenly, the cooling fans kicked on, and the air started moving around her.  Her long hair blew across her face, and her body temperature started to drop.  If she stayed there, she was going to freeze to death, but she couldn’t go against the android’s orders, not with everything that was going on inside the ship.  She rubbed the goose bumps on her arms and began to shiver.  She looked longingly at the open vent door, wishing she could get out of this hard, cold tunnel, and she noticed that there were long, deep scratches on the surface of the door.  Those were the marks of the werewolf, and the droid had gone down there without her.
**********
The android wheeled itself down into the vast mechanical area of the ship known as Room 8-5-12-12, and it searched out the expanse of the floor plan for any signs of life.  It didn’t take long before its sensors keyed in on a spacesuit near the door.  There was a man in the suit.  The man had his helmet open, and he had his ear placed against the metal of the door, trying to listen to what was going on on the other side.  The droid clambered across the ceiling and dropped down onto the railing along the second-floor balcony, and then it drove over on the floor next to the man, who was the captain of the ship.  Cribbs didn’t notice the droid at first, and the little repair automaton let out a short, mechanical buzz to get his attention.  Cribbs nearly jumped out of his suit, and he backed against the wall with his laser gun drawn, pointing at nothing but air.  He was surprised when there wasn’t a werewolf standing there, but then, he wondered what had made that pulsing sound.  His bulging eyes first looked up and then slowly drifted down lower where the repair droid’s sensors sparkled in the dim lighting.
“What in the . . . ,” he blurted out, and then he put the gun away.  “You can’t just go sneaking up on me like that.  How’d you get in here?” he asked, and the droid tilted its head to the side.  “Oh yeah, that’s right.  You’re a repair droid.  You can probably go anywhere you want in the ship,” he reminded himself, and the droid nodded its head as if it agreed.  Cribbs then gave it a shrewd glance.  “That girl thinks you act like a person.  Her uncle, in fact, who just happened to be my chief engineer.  And I’m beginning to wonder if she’s not onto something.  If you want to prove it to me, all you’d have to do is drink my good whiskey and puke it out onto the floor, and I’d believe you,” he said, and the droid rolled up to him and bumped his shin.  “Hey!  I was just kidding,” Cribbs said and rubbed his leg through the suit where he’d been hit.  The droid pointed up at the ceiling to the vent door it had traveled through, and Cribbs looked but didn’t see anything particularly interesting.  “What’s up there?” he asked, and he followed the droid along the balcony.  Then the droid used its hover technology to lift itself from the floor to the ceiling.  Before it disappeared into the opening, the droid waved its hand for him to follow.  “I can’t get in there with all of this equipment on,” the captain confessed, but the droid disappeared from sight anyway.  “Hey!  Wait!” he called, and a few seconds later, a girl’s face appeared in the square frame with the droid.
“C-c-captain?” Kerry said, her teeth chattering.  “It’s s-s-so c-c-cold up here.  Can I c-c-come d-d-down?”
The android held its hand up as if the answer was no, and it motioned for the captain to join them in the ducts.
“C-c-can you at least-t-t turn off the air?” she asked, and the captain went over to the nearby temperature controls on the wall and shut them off.  The fans stopped churning, and the heat generated by the motors and pumps would gradually make the room a hot box, but the temperature change wouldn’t raise any alarms.  “Th-th-thank you!” she said.
Cribbs started the process of removing his spacesuit, and he said, “I lost contact with Patsy and Uma, and then there was an explosion.  You want to tell me how you ended up in the HVAC?”
Kerry frowned and looked away.  “The werewolf found us.  It was going to kill us all in the control room, and so we all got up in here with Rue.  Then we got separated when the kitchen exploded.”
“Hang on.  I know about the werewolf; I think it’s building an escape pod down below.  But I didn’t know the kitchen exploded?”
Kerry nodded.  “I don’t know how, but after that, we ran away as fast as we could, and we lost Josh and Uma, and I think Patsy’s in serious trouble, and that’s all I know,” she said quickly without pausing.  Cribbs asked her to repeat it all again, slower this time.  She did, and she added in a few more details.  He listened to her story as he slipped the cumbersome spacesuit down his legs.  Looking the other way, Kerry explained how the werewolf had attacked the control room and about the explosion in the kitchen when they had gone to get food.  When Cribbs had finally shed the suit, he had another full outfit on underneath, one made of thinner, cooler material.  He snatched the tool belt off of the spacesuit and fastened it around his waist with the laser gun in its holster.  Then he hid the spare spacesuit behind the false wall, and he started to climb up into the vent with her.  She stopped him.
“What are you doing?  I nearly froze to death when the air was blowing, and I was hoping to get out of this thing,” she told him.
“No, that’s not a good idea.  Your story told me a lot that I didn’t know, and that droid did you a favor by getting you to go in here in the first place,” he said.  “It’s probably the safest location in the whole ship right now.”  Kerry didn’t argue with him, but she grunted her dissatisfaction.
“It didn’t feel like a great idea a few minutes ago when I was turning into an icicle,” she said, and he grinned.  He liked her attitude, and he found it hard to believe that they had considered her a suspect in Jessie’s disappearance.
“Hang on,” he said, as if remembering something he had forgotten, and climbed down from the railing.
“Where are you going?” she asked, and he held up his index finger and kept walking down the balcony to a set of lockers.  Beginning at the locker on the end, he kept opening doors until he found what he was looking for.  He pulled out a leather jacket, made of a type of Yastedon skin by the looks of it.  It was thin, warm, and fantastic as a windbreaker.  He folded it in his arms and brought it over for her.
“Here.  It’ll help you stay warm,” he said and tossed it up to her.  She caught it and put it on while he climbed up into the vent.
“It’s a little big,” she said, but she didn’t refuse it.  “Thanks.”
“Don’t mention it, kid,” Cribbs said.  The jacket had been Dr. Skoll’s, and he didn’t figure that it was going to hurt anything if someone else made use of it.  Cribbs was slightly larger than an average man, and when he finally squeezed into the duct, he was folded in an uncomfortable position.  He could barely make out her face in the dark until she held up a flashlight.
“Do you feel like an elephant in a shoebox?”
“I can see how this would bother you,” he said.  “Look, can you lead me to the kitchen?”
Kerry hesitated.  “I might remember the turns, but Rue has an internal map of the ducts,” she said and looked over at the droid.  The repair droid squeaked, and its eyes flickered green in the dark.  Then she glanced back at Captain Cribbs.  “I don’t want to go in there.  I’m afraid of wolves.  Patsy . . . she . . . she might be hurt.”
Cribbs put his hand on her jacket sleeve.  “You have to trust me, kid.  Patsy and Uma are all the crew I have left, and they’ve been with me a long time.  You might say they’re like my family.”
“Like Rue was to me,” she said, and the droid’s head tilted and made a sound of affirmation.  “Is to me.”
“Uh, yeah.  Yeah, like that,” he said.  He wasn’t so sure about the droid, but he wasn’t going to argue with a terror-stricken teenager about her feelings, especially when he needed her help.  “So, how about it?”
Kerry shrugged and looked at the droid.  “Should we go back to the kitchen?”
The droid put its mechanical hand on her other sleeve and swiveled its optical sensors over to Cribbs.  The captain looked into the droid’s optical sockets, and he thought he saw a twinkle of intelligence there that went beyond the complex programming which filled its memory stacks.  Then the droid showed its other hand to Cribbs, and there was a coin in its palm.  The droid tumbled the coin through all of its fingers and made it disappear the same way Rue would have done with it.
“Rue?” the captain said, and the droid blinked out one of the LED’s of its optical sensors as if it were winking.
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell everybody, but nobody listens to me,” Kerry said.
“I’ve heard the technology existed to transfer a person’s mind, their memories, their personality, to a machine, but I can’t even guess how your uncle figured out how to do such a thing.  The thing is though, I knew Rue well enough to recognize that coin trick the droid did,” Cribbs said, and then he stopped and thought aloud.  “If it’s really him, if Rue’s consciousness is in this repair droid, then where did Dr. Skoll go?  I mean, shouldn’t she have saved herself, her consciousness, inside a droid the same way?”
“Maybe.  Was there another droid on the wreckage?”
“No . . . well, I don’t think so.  We had a limited amount of oxygen in our tanks during the search, and we didn’t find another droid.  All we found were animal hairs,” Cribbs said.  Then he looked at the droid with the realization.  “Where’s Dr. Skoll?”
“Whar-wolf,” the droid said without hesitation.  Cribbs shot the machine a wry glance.
“Is he saying what I think?  That can’t possibly be,” he argued.
“Why not?” Kerry asked.  “I mean, if this droid really is Rue, then why couldn’t the werewolf be Dr. Skoll?”
The captain scratched the stubble on his face, considering the implications.  Finally, he said, “No, I can’t accept that.”
“Why?” Kerry asked again.
Cribbs sighed.  “Because she was a doctor.  She was trained to help people.  To serve people,” Cribbs said, and he shivered at the thought.  “We never found a body.”  Kerry started to say something, but he cut her off and pointed at the droid.  “Are you with us?”
The droid nodded.
“Good, then lead the way to the kitchen.  We need to see what happened there first, and then we’re going to the control room to break the Lofindran kinetic binder on our ship.”
“You can do that?”
“It might destroy the ship, but yeah, I’m going to try.”
**********
“Kill it!” Uma screamed again, and the werewolf howled back at her even louder.  Josh was caught in the middle, and he did his best to keep the monster from getting to the woman he was protecting.
“Please don’t do this,” he begged, and the werewolf’s eyes cut over to his own.  The creature’s gaze bore into him like a sharp knife, but then he noticed the werewolf’s stare gradually soften around the edges.  It did not raise a paw at him, and it went down on all fours, looking up at him.  “Stay?” he said hesitantly, not knowing whether the request was going to do any good or not, but he didn’t have a whole lot of options just then and giving a dog’s command seemed to be the only thing he could do.  Uma didn’t agree.
“What are you waiting for?!  Do something!” she yelled at him.  She was in shock and bleeding out, and he knew she was desperate.  He could only hope that the werewolf would show them mercy.  Josh slowly moved his hand towards the werewolf’s nose, and the monster stretched its neck and leaned ahead to sniff his fingers, always keeping one eye on the silver cross in his other hand.  After a few curious whiffs of his digits, the werewolf wagged the nub of a tail.  Perhaps, there was hope.  Then Uma screamed again.  The beast glanced at her and then up at Josh, bearing its teeth.  Whatever connection he had made with it was slowly breaking with every shout from the injured woman.  
“It’s not a pet!  I’m dying over here, and all you can do is rub its nose!  Help me!” she cried.  The werewolf stared at her again and growled at her through its fangs.  Josh stayed still, his hand within inches of its mouth.  The werewolf looked up at Josh and bared its yellowish, spit-covered fangs at him.  Whatever trust he had gained before was lost with Uma’s screaming.  His hand would be the next target, and Josh slowly backed up against the wall with the werewolf inching in on him as if he were supper.
“Stay . . . stay,” he gently commanded, but the werewolf was no longer in a submissive mood.  Josh brought the silver cross over between himself and the monster, and the werewolf stopped in its tracks.  This was his moment.  His own life balanced on a knife’s edge.  At any second, he might find himself suddenly transferred to the afterlife, and he knew it.
Then footsteps sounded around the corner.  The werewolf turned its head and body away from them and snuck up the hallway toward the approaching sound.  The moment had passed.  Josh was slightly relieved but didn’t know if the person coming would see the monster.  Despite the risk to his own life, he issued a warning.
“Watch out!!”
The werewolf turned on him with an evil growl.  Josh’s stomach dropped, and he stretched the silver cross out between them again.  The werewolf howled at the ceiling, and chills ran down his spine.  The old man visualized his own horrid death at the creature’s hands.  Then Josh saw a giant warrior appear from around the corner.  It was the Lofindran.  She was tall and strong, and she was an answer to his prayer as well as a nightmare twisted together.  M’lalla unsheathed her two ebony blades from the back of her spacesuit as she posed in a defensive stance.  The werewolf wheeled its head around to the Andromedan, and there was a moment of tense silence as the two opponents faced off.  M’lalla spun her black swords in a whirlwind of fury, mesmerizing the beast for a short few seconds.  Then the werewolf hunched down with its knuckles on the floor and waited.
“B’Yacana!” M’lalla yelled at the werewolf, and she drove one sword at it with a mighty swing.  The werewolf dodged to the side, and the Lofindran swung the other sword.  The werewolf yipped and moved nimbly in the other direction.  She had missed again.  She struck two more times, and the werewolf darted away from those just as easily.  The Lofindran was having no luck striking it with her swords, and the werewolf mocked her for her efforts in its own guttural language.  The monster was toying with her, taunting her with the standoff.
Josh had seen enough.  He turned his back on the fight, and he helped Uma to her feet.  She stumbled in her weakness, but she was able to walk with his help.
“Let’s get out of here and let those two hash out their differences,” Josh said.  They labored down the corridor away from the fight, and after they had turned a corner, Uma picked a room along the way to hide.  The small space behind the door was a combination bathroom and cleaning closet.
“In here,” she said and fell to the floor once she was inside.  Josh closed the door behind them, and he bent over to help lift her again.  “Don’t bother,” she said weakly.  Uma’s face had turned pale, and there was wet blood all over her clothes.  Wanting to help, Josh scanned the room to see if there was anything he could use for her injuries.  He found a first aid kit on a shelf, and he dug inside it and took out a spray can of wound filler and a roll of sterile cleaning pads.  She let him pull up her ruined shirt, and she winced when he tried to clean the deep scratch marks.  The pads soaked in the fresh blood, and while he was cleaning the deep gouges in her skin, he examined the wounds carefully.  He didn’t see any of her internal organs poking through her skin, and that was a lucky thing for her, he thought.  He quickly sprayed the scratches with the filler, hoping to stop the bleeding as well as sanitize the flesh.  It was a messy process, but the filler expanded in the gaps.  When Uma was stable, he rolled up a towel and placed it between the hard, cold floor and her head.
“Stay there,” he said.
“Where would I go?” she mumbled, and he gently patted her arm.  Then he peeked out the door and heard the werewolf and the Lofindran guard still squaring off.  He closed the door and locked it this time, knowing the thin frame wouldn’t hold against either enemy when the time came, but it made him feel better all the same.
**********
When Cribbs looked down the open air vent and saw Patsy laying on the floor with burn marks all over her uniform, his heart collapsed in his chest.  Without any consideration for his own safety, he dropped down onto the cabinets and then to the floor.  He knelt down beside her and felt her wrist for a pulse.  Her arm was still warm, and that gave him some hope, but if there was a pulse there, he couldn’t find it.  Her clothes and the first layer of skin were burned, but she had no obvious puncture wounds.  Her injuries must be internal.  He placed a tender hand on her cheek, and it was then that he realized he loved her, perhaps a few hours too late.  “I should have told you,” he said to her, but she didn’t answer.  The only thing he heard after that was the howling and screaming going on down the corridor.  The interruption broke the moment of deep sorrow, and he glanced around at the door to the hallway.  It had been blown inward by a blast from the corridor, and he examined the heat marks at the fringes of the door frame.  He had traveled through Andromeda long enough to know what had caused the explosive damage to the door.
“A Lofindran death ray,” he said aloud.
“A what?” Kerry said.  He looked up at the vent, and he saw her head peering down at him.  For a moment, he had forgotten her.
“A death ray,” he repeated.  “The most destructive handheld weapon in all the known galaxies, and they used it on my crew,” he said bitterly.
“Is Patsy . . . is she . . . ?”
Cribbs tried to say it, but he could hardly find the strength to answer.  It was like the words wanted to remain unsaid.  Finally, he told her, “I can’t feel a pulse, but I’m not a physician or a nurse.  She’s still warm, so . . . I don’t know.”
“Oh,” Kerry whispered.  Then she offered, “Do you want me to stay here with her while you go to the control room?”
Cribbs thought about what the girl was offering for a long moment.  Her proposal made sense, though it would leave Kerry out in the open and at the highest risk for being caught by the Lofindran or the werewolf.  No matter what he did that day, no one was safe anywhere on the ship.  It seemed that this simple voyage to recover precious metals was threatening to destroy everything he held precious.  If Kerry stayed, would the teenager be able to protect Patsy?  He doubted it, but she was offering to help, and he had no one else.  Against his better judgment, he relented, and he waved for her to come down.  Kerry lowered herself into what was left of the kitchen and traded places with Cribbs.  Cribbs crawled up into the duct, and he looked down from the vent.  The expression on his face told her that he didn’t want to go.
“I’ll be back as soon as I can.  Take care of her,” he said and then disappeared into the air system with the android.  Kerry put her hand on Patsy’s arm and felt her wrist for a pulse.  Unlike the others before her, she was patient since there was nothing else she could do, and after several minutes, she felt a faint thud beneath the thin skin of Patsy’s wrist.  All hope was not lost.
“Hold on,” Kerry whispered to her.
Chapter 16
*
M’lalla sliced her ebony swords at the werewolf, and the creature backed away cautiously.  Its eyes watched her movements with mild curiosity, and each time that M’lalla slashed at the creature, the werewolf dodged the sword with minimal effort, as if she were moving in slow motion.
“Die, b’yacana!” she screamed at the werewolf with another stroke.  The werewolf stepped aside, and her blade missed.  “Could it be that the beast has learned my movements?” she thought to herself.  She had heard of intelligent creatures before, ones that could hunt and track her people, but she had never encountered such a being before.  M’lalla then stalled her offensive with the swords, and she took a steady defensive stance.  “I may not be able to kill you, but neither can you kill me,” she said.
The werewolf looked her in the eyes.  There were no words, but in that look, they connected with each other for a split second.  She saw the deaths of her two companions revealed within the creature’s gaze.  They had died fighting the werewolf, and there was no bringing them back from the dead.  Righteous indignation welled up within her, and M’lalla snarled and shouted their names at the beast.  The werewolf’s jaws widened into a sinister grin.  Then the werewolf howled at her, almost as if it were mocking her.  With uncanny speed, it reached out between the protection of her swords and swiped a tear in her spacesuit with its claws before she could even flinch.  With the damage done, the werewolf turned and loped away from her through the corridor, disappearing into the vast holdings of the Green Dragon.  She considered following the creature but thought better of it.
“H’manchez,” she said.  That was not a pleasant word in her language, ‘feces’ in English, but it was the one she chose for her current situation.  She lowered her swords and looked around her.  Here she stood, by herself on an alien ship.  She was indeed alone in the corridor with no one to fight, and so she relaxed and put her swords away.  Then she looked down at the tear in her suit.  She stuck her glove inside to see if she had been cut.  When she pulled it out to look it over, there were traces of blood on her glove, yet only a scratch of her skin.   Nothing to worry about, except that it had ruined the vacuum seal of her space suit.  She grunted at her fortune and her misfortune.  The werewolf hadn’t really harmed her, but it was going to be nearly impossible for her to fly through space to her ship without repairing her suit.
**********
The android led Cribbs through the maze of duct work to the control room where they had all started.  The droid went in first with the captain following.  Cribbs looked around at the room, assessing the condition of his sacred command post.  The control boards on the work benches had been left in place, but the outer door to the corridor had been twisted by the werewolf like a pop top on a beer can, and its bent metal assembly dangled on the deformed hinges.
“So much for keeping anyone out,” Cribbs said, and the droid squeaked an affirmative.  He looked out the transparent window to the Lofindran ship.  It was a beautiful sight to behold.  There was a mysterious light show created by the combination of the magnetic field and the gravity waves coming from the enemy vessel.  It was the kinetic binder in all its glory, and it was what held the Green Dragon in permanent proximity to the Lofindran ship.  Beautiful and deadly.  Cribbs didn’t waste any more time.  He sat down at the workbench and began typing the commands into the control system that would override the kinetic binder.  He programmed in the entire sequence, and before he pushed the button to put it into action, he strapped himself into the captain’s chair and looked over at the droid.  “Hold on,” he said, and the droid grabbed a metal crossbar.
“What – are – you – doing?” the droid asked.  It’s language skills were improving, and he was impressed.
“There’s only one sure way to break a kinetic binder, and that’s to drop out of light speed,” Cribbs said.  The android squealed in protest.  “What?  You got a better idea?”
“No,” the droid said, and then its eyes flashed.  “Could – kill – us.”
“Yeah.  So could the werewolf.  So could the Lofindran,” Cribbs argued.  He was right, of course, but Rue had more concerns than his own existence.
“Kerry?” the droid said.
“Don’t worry, Rue.  I thought about the others.  The safety field is in place,” Cribbs replied in his most confident voice, but his inner thoughts betrayed him.  At best, the safety field would keep everyone inside the ship when he slowed it down, but it wouldn’t keep them from being tossed around like rag dolls in a car wreck.  Even worse than that, the sudden change in momentum could rip the ship apart, and he knew that was what was troubling the android.  Hit the button, rip the ship apart, and the air goes out into the void forever.  Then they would all be dead.  No more werewolf, no more Lofindran, no more crew.  The longer he thought about it, the longer he hesitated.  The decision was killing him inside, and instead of pressing the ‘Enter’ command, he hit the switch for the intercom.  “Everybody on board.  Grab something and hold on tight.  We’re dropping out of light speed in ten seconds,” he said, and he kept the microphone on as he counted down.  He hated announcing his plans to the two alien invaders, but he didn’t want to lose the rest of the crew as a result of his actions.  When he reached zero, he said a prayer and then pressed the ‘Enter’ button on the control console.
**********
When Kerry heard the captain say he was going to drop out of light speed, she wrapped her legs around Patsy’s catatonic body, and she grabbed a nearby metal handle that had been built into the corner of the cabinets with both of her hands.
**********
M’lalla heard the captain’s words blaring out over the intercom, and she screamed in protest at the announcement.  She knew what Cribbs was doing and what the outcome would be, and she had to get back to her ship before he put his plan into motion, even if it meant going out into space with a ripped suit.  Risking death in a vacuum was better than remaining on the Green Dragon.  She ran down the hallway toward the dock where she had boarded.  She was about halfway there when Cribbs reached ‘one’, and she cursed the man’s voice.  If the human on the other end of the intercom was telling the truth, she wasn’t going to make it back to her ship.  In the next two seconds, her ship would be thousands of miles away, and there wasn’t a thing she could do about it.  Cribbs said ‘zero’, and the Lofindran topaz latched onto one of the many handrails built into the walls for just such emergencies.
**********
Josh and Uma heard Cribbs make his announcement over the intercom, and they braced themselves for the inevitable in the cramped bathroom closet.
“We’re going to die,” Uma said to the retired Air Force man.  “We’ll never see the gold the captain promised.”
“Gold?  What gold?  What are you talking about?” he asked, and she regretted that she had made the mistake of saying anything.  “Tell me.  You’ve nothing to lose if we’re going to die anyhow.”
Uma could have kicked herself for slipping up so easily.  To her credit, she was in horrible pain from the wounds sustained by the werewolf’s claws, and her inhibitions had fallen to the wayside.  Maybe she shouldn’t have said anything, but with her present condition, she figured that anything she told Josh could end up helping the captain before it was all over with.  Cribbs would be angry about it when he found out, but she knew the captain well enough to realize that he would appreciate it in the end.  Besides, Cribbs had lost most of his crew, and the earthers were going to have to be enlisted to help maintain the ship.
“I might as well tell you,” she said with a grimace on her face.  “Before you came along, we were on a trek to recover a load of precious metals from a faraway galaxy.  Cribbs has . . . had a way of getting there that he was keeping to himself, and we believed he could get us there.  But now, he’s going to tear the ship apart to get out of the kinetic binder,” she said, and then she looked him in the eyes.  “We were all going to be rich before these . . . these . . . aliens got involved, but now that’s all over with,” she said and gasped for a breath.  Her face was pale and her eyes were dark, and she had the look of someone on the brink of death’s door.  Clutching her wounds, she winced, and her face contorted with the pain, and then she glanced at him again with her black doll eyes.  They were like round portals of emptiness.  “We’re all going to die when the ship gets ripped apart.  No one has ever succeeded in breaking away from a Lofindran kinetic binder without tearing the vessel into pieces,” she explained and leaned her back against the wall.  “No one.”
Josh looked at her wounds and the blood all over the floor, and he felt sorry for her.  All of the gold in the universe wasn’t going to cure the damage done to her body, nor save her from death.  How tiny this ship was when compared to the vastness of the plains of South Dakota where he had come from.  What a sad existence to live aboard such confines, he thought.
Just then, Cribbs reached ‘zero’ in his countdown, and they both held tight to the handrail on the wall. 
**********
The microsecond that it took for the computer to register the push of the button passed by unnoticed.  Maybe it was the effect of the drop out from light speed, or maybe it was because his own eyeballs had stretched out from the sudden deceleration, but Cribbs saw the android’s metal arm elongate like a rubber band.  Then, the ship came to a stop, relative to everything else in the universe, and he heard and felt the joints pop inside his own body with the whiplash effect.  The Green Dragon stopped, and with it, the stars reappeared in the window.
Cribbs sat there in the captain’s chair, unable to breathe after the crushing pressure from the seat’s restraints had compressed his chest.  The android wheeled itself on the workbench in front of him, and the LEDs in its optical sensors blinked and changed color from red to green as it stared coldly at him.  Finally, Cribbs’ lungs expanded, and he gasped for air like a drowning man who had just found the water’s surface. His lungs gulped in the metallic odor and oily stench of the Green Dragon.  Oxygen and nitrogen crowded his lungs with God-giving life, and joy swept into his being.  He was the happiest man who had ever survived a death-defying feat.  A smile broke out on his weathered face, and he smiled at the only other person he could see.
“Rue!  We did it!” he exclaimed to the robot, and the android raised one manmade fist in the air in triumph.  Then the droid’s head swiveled to the side to look past Cribbs’ head.  Cribbs was facing the window and the vastness of deep space, but he felt the thrumming of army boots on the floor behind him.  The android helped him quickly loosen the seat belts that crossed his chest, but by then, it was too late.  The strong hands of the large Lofindran warrior grabbed him by the shoulders from behind.  Instinctively, he reached for his laser gun, but M’lalla picked him up out of the chair and wrapped one arm around his throat in a chokehold while she twisted the wrist of the hand holding the gun.  He squeezed the trigger and the weapon fired into the floor, and then he dropped it when the pain was too much to bear.
“AHHH!,” she growled, and then she cursed at him in her own tongue.  Cribbs couldn’t understand everything she was saying to him, he recognized the tone.  He also heard the words ‘W’Muck F’Eymond’, and that let him know he was in serious trouble.  M’lalla tightened her arm around his neck and choked him just enough to make him go limp, and then she dropped him to the floor and picked up his laser gun.  He was seeing stars from the lack of oxygen, and he rolled over onto his back, his eyes looking up at her.  Only, he was staring down the barrel of his own pistol, which was three inches from his forehead.  With the press of a button, she could shoot him through the head with a laser.  His memory would be erased, his life would be gone, and then where would he be?  Hadn’t his mother told him that to be absent from the body was to be present with the Lord?  In any case, he didn’t know if he was ready for that yet, but his life was resting in the Lofindran’s hands.
“U’pogner,” Cribbs said and bowed his head to her.  M’lalla pressed the end of the pistol’s barrel against the captain’s forehead, and her finger twitched on the trigger as if she were fighting with herself not to shoot him.  Then she sighed and let the pressure off his head.  Cribbs started to swivel his head to look at her, and she yelled at him and hit him with the butt of the pistol.  He grunted and kept his head down.
“F’Eymond!!  M’hababa y’min k’han j’ung!!” she swore at him, which meant ‘Pirate!!  Death to your kind!’  Cribbs stayed still and did nothing else to alarm her.  That blow to the head really stung, and blood from the fresh wound poured down the back of his scalp and dripped off his nose.  He made no move to wipe it from his face, and he let it fall to the floor.  He wasn’t about to give her another reason to hit him again.  M’lalla didn’t need another reason though.  She stuck the end of the laser pistol into the bleeding wound and yelled more obscenities at him, but thankfully she left her finger off the trigger this time.
“Balls,” Cribbs mumbled under his breath, wincing with the pain.  He bit down hard and ground his teeth together so that he wouldn’t blurt out anything loud enough to set her off again.  He knew that she was ticked off about the deaths of her two partners, and he suspected that she was also rather annoyed with him for freeing the Green Dragon from the kinetic binder.  Essentially by doing so, he had stranded her empty ship at triple light speed, and the odds of them ever finding an empty ship traveling in deep space at that velocity were one in a googleplex.  Better for him not to say anything because it was his fault that she was stuck on his ship, and she was going to take out her frustrations on him.
Then the repair droid spoke up.  The droid made a short whirring sound, and she shot the laser pistol at it to try to shut it up, and if she hadn’t been yelling at the little machine instead of aiming, she might have hit it.
“Get up, earther!” M’lalla ordered Cribbs.  His balance was a little off from where she had hit his head, and he came up slower than she would have liked.  She was much taller and much stronger than him, and she jerked him up by the collar of his shirt.  Now that he was standing, Cribbs got a good look at his enemy, and he found that he was just as scared of her as he was of the other two Lofindrans who had boarded the Green Dragon earlier.  She was more muscular than the male Lofindrans, built more like a bodybuilder under her pressure suit.  That gender attribute was typical of their race, but he had never had the misfortune of seeing one of the females up close before.  She had gills on the side of her neck and a small horn that protruded out of the tip of her nose.  The horn was hard to miss, and he found himself staring.  “Where are my Loffies?” she asked him, meaning the two male soldiers that had come aboard.
He hesitated, but what could he do but tell her the truth.  “They were attacked by a creature that stowed away on my ship,” he said and pointed at the scratch marks on her chest.  “I see you found it, too.  And, by the way, I’m not an earther.”
Her nostrils flared, and she slapped him across the face with the barrel of his own gun.  He had seen the two sword handles protruding over her shoulders, and though his jaw was already swelling from the slap, he was just glad she hadn’t hit him with those.
“So you admit that you killed them,” she said.
He placed his hand on his jaw and slowly opened his mouth to test it before he spoke.  “No, I didn’t do anything to them except welcome them aboard.  They stumbled across the werewolf in the docking bay, and it was the first time I had even seen the thing.  I know you’re angry, and I don’t blame you, but that thing has killed several of my own crew.  We’ve been trying to hide from it ever since it attacked your L’offies,” he explained.  She must not have liked what he said because she hit him with the gun again, this time on the other cheek.
“You lie.  You are like all the others from your H’Tumbwa.  We call it L’Pemanica N’Dea for a reason, because of all the trouble you bring to our people.  You asked for U’pogner, for mercy, as it would be called in your own tongue,” she said and snorted in his face.  “F’Eymonds and G’Jebussies cannot barter for U’pogner.  Y’Nowbers receive the prize.  M’Hababa.”  She emphasized that last word, which meant death, savoring it on her tongue, and she centered the laser gun on his forehead again, holding it there with a steady hand.  He had understood what she had said, that pirates and smugglers couldn’t trade for mercy.  That murderers receive their reward.
Death.
He looked up into her big, hard, blue-shot eyes, and he saw the coldness of deep space in her expression.  She meant what she said.  He only had one question for her before she pressed the trigger.
“Did you kill the werewolf?” he braved.
**********
Kerry’s legs were stretched with the force of the sudden stop combined with the weight of the unconscious woman, but she held on to Patsy and kept her from slamming into the wall.  Patsy’s head jerked limply to the side, and Kerry thought that the Patsy was going to have a mild case of whiplash at a minimum.  She uncrossed her legs from around the injured woman, and she stumbled over to the blast hole where the door used to be.  She peeked around the corridor in both directions, and the hallway was empty.  That was good news.  Then she leaned against the wall and stretched her legs to try to get better mobility before she checked the cabinets for food.  She was still hungry, and since she was sitting in a kitchen full of food, it only seemed right to go ahead and get something to eat.  She checked the refrigerator, and she snatched another apple and devoured it.  Then, when she was going through the cabinets, she found a box of cinnamon crackers and Specter cakes, one of her favorite desserts.  She sat down by Patsy’s side, and she washed down two cakes and most of the box of crackers with a bottle of cold water.
“So.  What should I do?” she asked Patsy, who didn’t answer.  “Should I try to wake you up?  I can’t carry you, and even if I could, where would I take you?” she asked.
Patsy didn’t answer.
Kerry was in an awful situation, and her eyes began to well up.  She was self-conscious about crying so she wiped the tears away from her face with her grubby forearm.  The air ducts they had crawled through had a gooey coating of dirt and grease from the years of use, and she had it all over her.
“It wouldn’t hurt to get cleaned up,” she said to Patsy.  Still no answer.  Kerry couldn’t help her recover from the blast.  She couldn’t feed her.  She couldn’t wake her up.  She couldn’t even protect her if the werewolf or the Lofindran showed up.  Kerry decided that there was very little she could do anymore for the woman.  Maybe the only thing she could do for her was fight back against the creatures that had invaded the ship.
“But how?” she asked herself, yet she had no answer.  She walked over and bent down by Patsy and kissed her on the forehead.  “I’ll be back,” she said and headed for the door.
**********
When the Green Dragon lurched to a stop, Josh and Uma bounced around in the small bathroom, and they clanged into each other.  The jostling made them both dizzy, and Uma’s stomach became queasy from the vertigo.  She vomited all over the floor.  When she did, her wounds reopened, and she started bleeding again.  Josh, on the other hand, had braced himself for the sudden stop, though Uma had kicked him in the head with the jolt.  He knew she couldn’t help it.
“Are you all right?” he asked her, already knowing the answer.
“No.  I’m bleeding again,” she said and collapsed in blood and vomit.  The odor in the tight closed space hit Josh hard, and he held his nose to keep from throwing up.
“We’re going to get you out of here,” he said, and she waved him away with her hand.
“We should all be dead, but somehow Cribbs pulled it off.  That arrogant know-it-all broke the kinetic binder,” she said and then convulsed in sudden pain and wrapped her arms around her midsection.  “I’m gonna die though,” she said.  “Stop wasting time here and leave.  Go help Cribbs.”
Her skin was as pale as a cadaver’s, and he thought maybe she was right about her condition, but he wasn’t giving up on her.  He took in a deep breath through his mouth, still tasting the foul odor, but the taste wasn’t strong enough to turn his stomach completely.  “I need to stop your bleeding before I go,” he said, and he stepped into the slick mess of blood and vomit and knelt down to check her bandages.  The wounds were bleeding again, but he thought they would clot if she kept pressure on them.  “Here,” he said and carefully tightened one of her bandages.  She winced with the pain.  “I know it hurts, but the bleeding will stop if you hold your arms tight.”
“I never thought I would go like this,” she said as she held up her other arm.  It was covered in vomit and blood.
“You’re not going to die, okay,” he reassured her, and he got up and went to the door to listen outside.  He didn’t hear any movement on the other side, and he cracked the door to look out.  No one was there.  They were alone, which was a surprise to him after what they had just been through.  He turned back to Uma, and he said, “Hang tight and keep pressure on your wounds.  I’ll be back soon.”
Instead of arguing or citing more death and destruction, she simply said, “Okay.”
Josh slipped out of the room and closed the door behind him.  He considered locking it, but there were two factors that changed his mind.  The first was that the werewolf and the Lofindran both could get into any room on the ship.  The lock was only a very temporary delay.  The second reason was that he didn’t have a key to get back inside.  With that in mind, he went to the nearest corner and peeked around the edge to see if anyone, or anything, was waiting for him.  The aisle was clear, and he tiptoed down to the next corridor and disappeared into the vastness of the Green Dragon.
As he snuck around the many passageways, he sniffed the thickening air around him and discovered that there was a tinge of burning gear grease to the recirculated air.  The air was dry with no water vapor, and the smell of burning carbon filled the void.  He hoped that was the result of the sudden deceleration they had made from light speed, but his gut told him differently.  He followed the scent and rounded a corner to a set of double doors with windows framing the upper half.  He had been looking for the control room where the captain was stationed, but instead, his nose had led him to the mechanical maze of motors, gears, pumps, and compressors which made up the bowels of the ship.
Room 8-5-12-12.
Curiosity got the best of him, and Josh ducked his head and slunk over to the doors, being careful to keep his head beneath the bottom edge of the windows.  He put his ear to the door, and he heard the ominous sounds of wrenches turning and sledgehammers clanging.  He wanted to stick his head up and find out the source of the noises, but after having seen what the invaders from space were capable of, he resisted the urge and kept listening.  After a particularly loud clang, he heard the howl of a wolf, and his first question had been answered:  who was on the other side of the doors?  Josh closed his eyes and steadied his thoughts, hoping to calm his own fears.  It was then that the door he was leaning against burst open and threw him against the wall.
Chapter 17
*
“I ask the questions, W’Muck!” M’lalla yelled at Cribbs and struck him again with his own laser gun.  He was growing tired of getting hit in the head by the warrior woman, but she was taller and stronger than he was.  More importantly, she had the weapons and he was unarmed.
“I submit myself to you, Topaz,” Cribbs said, honoring her rank.  He wasn’t sure what effect that would have so he kept his head bowed to her.  She grunted her satisfaction, and she left him alone in silence for a moment.  He could feel where one of his teeth had been loosened with that last blow, but he risked speaking with her again.
“Great Topaz, a meteor crashed into my ship and broke off a section of the outer ring several weeks ago,” he said and waved his hand in a circle, still bowing his head and looking at the floor.  M’lalla let him continue to speak.  “I lost four members of my crew that day, and when we went to rescue the bodies of two of them from the wreckage, the werewolf boarded our ship.  It is a monster and has been killing members of my crew ever since.  We need your help, or we will die.”
M’lalla wasted no time in answering.  “You need my help?!  That is why you broke the kinetic binder and stranded me on your ship?!  This is how you repay those who give you aid?!”
“Oh, boy,” he thought.  She was absolutely correct about what he had done to her by bringing the Green Dragon out of light speed.  At least she wasn’t accusing him of killing her two companions anymore.  He was silent while he tried to figure out something to say that wouldn’t make her any angrier, and he lifted his eyes to look at the boots on her feet.  She started to lift one of them, and he figured he had better say something before she kicked him with it out of frustration.
“I am sorry.  I hoped that the sudden stop would kill the werewolf because I didn’t know what else to do,” he explained.  It wasn’t exactly the whole truth, but there was enough honesty in his apology to keep her occupied.  “We desperately need your help,” he added, and he watched both of her feet spread out and stomp down in front of his head.
“Stupid W’muck!  You didn’t kill the werewolf, and you didn’t kill me!  I am ordering you to get this ship up to speed and find my vessel,” M’lalla told him.  He didn’t move.  “Well, what are you waiting for, earther!  Get to it!” she said and yanked him up onto his feet by the back of his shirt.  Cribbs put his hands on the console, and he began to orchestrate the controls like a pianist would a Steinway.  All the while, the droid stood back and watched him do his thing, not obstructing or helping, simply watching.  Cribbs was trying to do what the Lofindran Topaz ordered him to do, even though he knew that she might kill him anyway once she found her ship.  Within a few seconds, he had the sequence set up in the system, and all he had to do was hit the green button to start.  He hesitated with his fingers hovering over the button, and he turned to her.
“Can I warn the others before hitting the button?”
It was an innocent request, and she backhanded him for it with the gun.
“Get out of the way, weakling!” she said and shoved him into the droid, and they both went flying away from the workbench.  M’lalla grabbed a handle to hold on to and slammed her other fist down on the button.  Nothing happened at first, and then the ship shook violently and let out a small explosion of gas, as if it had farted out the fuel instead of blasting off into light speed.
**********
Kerry walked around the corner to Room 8-5-12-12 when the doors exploded outward.  To her horror, she saw Josh pinned up against the wall by the doors.  She covered her ears to keep from hearing the echoes of the blast, though by that point, it was too late to prevent shell shock.  Smoke billowed out of the mechanical room and out into the hallway, setting off alarms throughout the ship.  Then the werewolf came tumbling out into the hallway, coughing and hacking smoke from its lungs.  The creature didn’t notice Kerry, and she quickly hid behind the corner to spy on it.  Then she saw Josh stumble from behind the doors and out into the open.  The smoke covered him somewhat, but he was exposed and facing grave danger with the werewolf standing so closely to him.  She watched with sad curiosity as Josh wandered around aimlessly in the smoke.  Her friend was injured, and her heart jumped up into her throat when she saw him reach out toward the coughing werewolf.  It was like watching a train wreck happening in slow motion.
“I can’t let this happen,” she thought.  Then she gathered up her courage and sprinted into the smoke-filled corridor.  She didn’t make it in time to stop Josh from touching the werewolf on the elbow, but she kept moving toward him all the same.  When she was ten feet away from Josh, she saw the werewolf turn around and take a snip at Josh’s backside, but she also noticed that the werewolf was biting at him blindly.  She almost ran into Josh when she reached him, and she wrapped her arm around his midsection and directed him down the hall and away from the werewolf as fast as he could go.  They rounded the corner, and they kept going even though Josh was beginning to panic from his injuries.  She pushed him against the wall and looked him over from head to toe.
“Where am I?” he croaked and coughed smoke out of his lungs.  Her own hearing was coming back to her, and she heard his words as if he was talking to her through a cardboard tube.
“Josh.  It’s me, Kerry.  Something exploded in the ship, and you were right there at the scene when it happened,” she said to him in his ear, and he nodded.
“Kerry?” he said to her and rubbed his eyes.  They were burning and watering, and he tried to focus on her face.  “It’s you.  I have to tell you, it’s good to see you alive.”
“I wish we’d never come,” she confessed, and he hugged her.  Then he held her out where he could look her in the eyes.
“It’s a crazy turn of events, but you don’t mean that,” he said.  “I have a feeling that you are supposed to be on this ship for a reason,” he said and winced with soreness, but he was mostly back to his normal self.  “My goal was to bring you here like you wanted, and I did.  Now, my goal is to protect you from the werewolf.  That thing is going to come for us in a minute, and I don’t want you here where it can find you.”
“I love you like a father, Josh, but you don’t get to make that decision for me.  If I’m going to die out here in the middle of nowhere, I’m taking that werewolf with me.  And you’re going to help me,” she explained.  The retired Air Force missileer shook his head and smiled.  He was a bit frayed around the edges, but he was feeling up to getting this adventure behind them.
“That’s my girl,” he said to her as they peeked around the corner.  They watched the werewolf rub its eyes and sniff the smoky air.  “What’s your plan?”
“First, we’re going to find out what the monster’s been doing down in the belly of the ship,” she said, and they heard footsteps coming down the corridor.
“Someone’s coming,” Josh said, and he reached into his pocket for the silver cross.  It wasn’t there, and he patted himself down with no luck of finding it.  He thought back to getting hit by the doors, and he wondered if maybe he had dropped the cross then, but he didn’t know for sure.
“Hurry up,” she told him as she hid in a uniform locker nearby.  Frustrated with the loss of the silver cross, the only weapon he had against the werewolf, Josh sighed and quickly locked himself in the locker beside Kerry.  They waited and held their breath for what was to come next.
**********
“What did you do?!” M’lalla shouted at Cribbs.  He was at a loss, and his face showed it.
“I didn’t do anything to my ship.  We were supposed to take off into light speed at a course I had set in the computer,” Cribbs told her.  She drew out one of her swords and held the tip to his neck.
“You’re lying, you . . . you liar,” she said, unable to find a better word in the foreign language.
Cribbs snickered, against his better judgment.  “Your Earth speech could use some refining,” he said, and she stuck a sword point against his skin.  “I’m not lying to you.  The werewolf will kill all of us if we don’t work together.  Why won’t you believe me?” he reasoned with her, but the huge Lofindran warrior held the blade steady against his neck.
At that moment, the smoke alarms went off down in the mechanical room.
“See!  There’s smoke down in Room 8-5-12-12 where the werewolf’s been hiding!” he said, pointing at the control screens.  “Let’s stop fooling around here and go to the engine room down below.  I’d bet a million dollars that werewolf’s tampered with the engines.”  He held back the fact that he knew the werewolf was building something down there.  M’lalla glanced at the screen and saw the alarms for herself.
“Get moving then!” she ordered him and tapped his shoulder with the flat side of a blade.
“I’m going, I’m going,” he said.  They marched out into the corridor, and the android rolled in behind them.  A few minutes later, they came upon the smoke billowing out of the doorway of Room 8-5-12-12, just as they had suspected.  Then they spotted the werewolf stepping out of the smoke and coming toward them.
“You will die now, beast!” M’lalla said, and she put the sword away and drew out her death ray.
“Whoa!  What are you going to do with that thing?”
“Vaporize it.”
“You can’t shoot that thing in here.  You’ll blow a hole in the outer lining and send us all out into space!” Cribbs said.
“I don’t care,” she barked and aimed the weapon at the werewolf.  It was almost on them, and Cribbs reached out and pushed the gun down with both of his arms.  M’lalla was stronger than he was, but he had the leverage.
“Just because you want to die doesn’t mean the rest of us do,” he said to her, and she backhanded him across the face, sending him into the wall.  She recovered her aim and fired the weapon dead center into the werewolf’s chest.
**********
There was a spacesuit waiting for Kerry when she climbed into the locker, and a crazy notion got into her system.  She had always wanted to try on one of those suits, and she considered trading the yastedon skin jacket for it while she was waiting, but the suit was too bulky to wear around the inside of the ship, so she left it alone for the time being.  The locker was dark inside, but there were thin slits of light coming through from the hallway, and she peered out to see who was coming.  A huge shadow loomed in front of the locker, and when her vision adjusted for the change in contrast, she found herself looking at the Lofindran invader.  She had one of her swords drawn, and she was prodding Captain Cribbs toward the source of the explosion.  Toward the werewolf.
“This is awful,” she said to herself, but what could she do?  The Lofindran was just as much of a threat as the werewolf, maybe more so, and Kerry was unarmed.  She couldn’t help the captain any more than he could help her.  Then she saw the android wheeling along behind the guard, and Kerry couldn’t help herself.  She cracked the door to the locker, and she threw a spare metal screw at the droid to get its attention.  By that time, the Lofindran and the captain were distracted, arguing with each other about weapons, and the droid took notice of the open locker and tilted its head her way.
“Rue,” she whispered, and the droid waved to her to close the locker.  Kerry huffed at the droid’s dismissal and opened the door a little more so that she could peep out.  The droid swiveled around to make sure that M’lalla hadn’t seen the open locker, and then it drove full speed at the locker door and slammed it shut at about the same time that the Lofindran fired the death ray at the werewolf.  The explosion of the weapon was so loud it covered the sound of the android’s collision, and thankfully, M’lalla never noticed Kerry inside the locker.
When the dust settled, and there was dust, a lot of it, the werewolf’s whole body was thrown through the ceiling.  The creature was gone, leaving only a hole where it had been shot and thrown into the ship’s framework.
Cribbs stood with his mouth hanging wide open.  “Is anything left of it?”
“No,” M’lalla replied, and then she pointed the weapon at Cribbs again.
“Hey, what did I do?”
“You stranded me here on this . . . this piece of a ship!” she shouted at him.  Kerry could see that the Lofindran was not one to be trifled with, and the captain had certainly trifled with her when he slammed the brakes on the Green Dragon.  “You will fix this ship and get me back to my own.”
“Like I told you before, the odds are against us ever finding your ship again, but I have an offer for you that you can’t refuse,” Cribbs bargained with her.
“Can’t refuse?  Just watch me,” M’lalla said and powered up the death ray.
“Hey, hey.  Easy now.  If I can get our ship moving again to light speed, I can take you to a place where there is enough free gold laying around that you could buy your own ship.  Your own planet for that matter,” he explained to her.  “Wouldn’t that be nice?”
“What foolishness are you talking about, earther?  You have no gold on this ship.”
“It’s not on the ship.  If it was, I wouldn’t be in this galaxy.  No, it’s in another galaxy several lifetimes away from here,” Cribbs explained.  “And I’m not an earther.”
“You only have one lifetime, and you are about to lose it, F’Eymond,” M’lalla said with the gun still aimed at his chest.
“Hey, hey, I’m telling you the truth.  It’s a long way off, but we can be the first ones to get there.  Alive.  I found a way to navigate there ahead of everyone else, you see.  I found a portal, or a wormhole, something of the sort that leads across the expanse with just a short hop.  That’s where we were headed before the meteor hit my ship a few weeks ago.  Everything’s gone wrong since then, but that was our final destination.  Trust me, on the other side of that portal, there’s enough precious metals just sitting around for the harvest that all of us could retire as the wealthiest people on our planets as soon as we get back,” Cribbs said to her.  M’lalla lowered her weapon, but she didn’t take her finger off the trigger.
“You are lying, W’Muck.”
“No, really, I’m not.  I can show you the reports and the news footage, and you can decide for yourself,” the captain said.  “We can bring the gold back, and you can be the wealthiest Lofindran that ever lived.”
“Enough talk about gold.  What about honor?!  What about my companions who died on this ship?!”
“The werewolf did that, not me.  I have no criminal record, and you know that.  You must have checked out my background before you decided to board,” he said, and M’lalla swore at him in her own language.
“That means nothing.  Every criminal that has ever lived has had a clean past until their first transgression.”
“Aye, they did, but I doubt you arrested them on their first offense.  By the time you got to them, they were seasoned veterans of their craft.  Me, I’m no youngster anymore, and I still have a clean record.  That should tell you something.  I have no need to hurt anyone to make my way in this galaxy or any other,” Cribbs reasoned with her.  “You can trust me,” he said and looked at the ceiling where the force of the blast had blown the werewolf into the rafters.  Cribbs’s face didn’t betray him; he was telling the truth, and the Lofindran recognized it.
“Even if you could make the jump to another universe, and I have my doubts that you could, this ship isn’t in any shape to make the leap to light speed,” she said, and on that point, she was right.  Cribbs turned and walked toward the vast mechanical area of Room 8-5-12-12 to see what the werewolf had been up to down in the guts of his ship.  He motioned for the Lofindran to follow, and she did, but she kept the death ray trained on him at all times.  Rue crept along behind them, as if the android was curious to see the creature’s machinations along with the captain.  Kerry watched them from the slits in the locker until they were out of the view, and then she cracked the door so that she could see where they were going.  She couldn’t hear what they were saying any longer, but she saw them go into the belly of the ship together.
“Maybe they’re going to work together to get us out of our predicament,” she thought to herself, and a little ray of hope rose from the darkness where they had been trudging for the last few hours.  Maybe they were going to be the ones who lived to tell of the adventure?
Then she spotted Rue as he, or it, wheeled down the corridor to the lockers.  Kerry stepped out of the locker, and she knelt down on the cold metal tiles to get face-to-face with the android who was once her uncle.
“Rue, I’ll never understand how this is you,” she said to the droid as it parked next to her.  The droid tilted its head.
 “I . . . I . . . died,” Rue said and twisted his head toward the other locker.  Josh slipped out at that moment and looked down on the droid.  “Josh.”
“Yeah, little buddy.”
“Take care of my pispisza,” the droid said to the old man.
“I think it’s the other way around.  She’s taking care of me.”
The droid swiveled around to Kerry and reached out a metal finger and touched her gently on the nose.  “Thank you for coming to find me.  When my battery dies, my memory will be gone,” he said.
“Rue, what are saying?” Kerry asked, a tear coming down her cheek.
“That my programming was only temporary, enough to explain what happened to whoever found the wreckage.  The werewolf . . . I remember now.  Dr. Skoll became the werewolf.  I got out of the cell just before I froze to death on the ship, and I managed to put my memories into this android.  But Dr. Skoll became infected by the organic material that crashed into the ship.  She changed into the werewolf and killed my body, but she didn’t care about this droid body.  She knew it was temporary,” Rue said and pointed at his head.
“But you can live on like this, right?  Please tell me you can,” Kerry begged.  Rue shook his head.
“I cannot,” Rue said and wiped a tear from her chin.  “One transfer for one battery period.  No more, no less.”
“How much time is left?” Josh asked.
“48 hours,” Rue said.
“But you can’t leave me!” she cried.
“I’m not leaving you.  I will always be in here,” he said and touched her heart with his hand.  “I was glad I got to spend my last hours with you.”
**********
Captain Cribbs walked into the destroyed room and scanned the area.  Most of the smoke had cleared, though some lingered like a haze in the air.
“What do you make of this?” he asked the Lofindran.  She looked around and swore something in her own language that he didn’t understand.  They were looking at a conglomeration of pumps and motors attached to a shell.
“The creature was building its own small ship out of your spare parts,” M’lalla said, which was exactly what he had thought.
“Yeah, but those weren’t spare parts.  They were critical components of my hyperdrive,” Cribbs explained.  “Look, she blew up my fuel pump for the pre-heating motor.  It’s why my ship farted when we tried to go to light speed,” he said, realizing he had called the creature a ‘she’.  M’lalla cut her eyes at him, but she didn’t point her weapon at him this time.  She was accustomed to the frustrations of the male soldiers, the Loffies, of her own species.
“You called the werewolf a ‘she’.  Did you know this creature?”
Cribbs sighed.  “Yeah, maybe.  One of my crew, Dr. Skoll, disappeared in the wreckage a few weeks ago when the meteor hit the outer ring, and the eyes of the creature looked like hers, but that’s all.  Maybe it took her body, or maybe it’s just a coincidence, I don’t know.  In any case, you blew the werewolf to kingdom come, so that’s that and good riddance.”
“I see.  Can you get your ship running again?” she asked.
“Of course, I can.  But it will take time,” he said.
“And what of the earther’s ship?” she asked.
“It might run, and I’d let you take it if you wanted it, though I suppose it isn’t mine to give,” he said.
“K’put,” she replied.
“What does that mean?”
“Fart,” she said, and Cribbs started laughing.  “Now, get to work on the Green Dragon and take us to the gold you promised.  The families of my Loffies deserve some recompense, and this ship of yours is not a worthy prize.”
Cribbs bit his tongue; he didn’t appreciate her calling his ship unworthy, but if it meant he could keep it, well, maybe it would be okay.  As it was, he was going to be busy for the next day rebuilding the light drives by himself without any help, and then he would have to triangulate a course for the location of the portal.  He had his hands full, and apparently, the Lofindran topaz wasn’t going to be doing any of the heavy lifting, so he went to work on the repairs while she hovered around with a gun in her hand.  He wouldn’t say she was a slave driver, but she was the closest thing to one that he had ever come across.
**********
While Kerry and Josh stood in the corridor next to the android, a thud sounded in the rafters above the hallway.
“What was that?” Kerry asked.  Then another thud sounded.
“I don’t know, but it doesn’t sound good,” Josh said.  All three of them moved closer to the hole in the ceiling and looked up.  They were still and quiet, and they listened for the next sound.  Instead of a thud, they heard a growl, one that was very familiar.
“Is that . . . ?” Kerry asked.
“Oh, yeah.  I’d say that werewolf isn’t as dead as they would like for it to be,” Josh said.
There was another thud, and the three of them split up.  The android went toward Room 8-5-12-12, and Kerry and Josh went the other direction.  They would have gone to tell Cribbs, but they were still very worried about meeting M’lalla, and rightfully so.  They knew that Rue could handle it, and they let him go while they ran aimlessly through the corridors.  When they were far enough away that they could talk without being heard, Josh slowed down to catch his breath, and Kerry paused with him.
“Where exactly are we going?” he asked as he huffed in a breath of air.
“Away from the werewolf.  Really, does it matter?” she asked.
“It always matters,” he said and then looked her in the eyes.  “Uma was scratched up pretty bad, and if we aren’t going to do anything else but run away, we should give her wounds some attention.”
“Yeah, you’re right.  Patsy was hit with the death ray, and when I left her, she was still unconscious, like she was in a coma,” Kerry explained.  They had a dilemma:  who should they help?  Splitting up was a horrible idea because that’s how the monsters always got their victims in the movies.  “Let’s go get Uma first since she can still move around on her feet if she needs to.”
“Okay, that does makes sense,” he said, and they ran for the small bathroom where he had left her.  When they got there, the door was locked, and they couldn’t get inside.  Josh beat on the door, and he risked yelling through the crack to try to get her to open it for him.  “Uma!  Uma!  Are you okay?  Open up, it’s me, Josh.”
No answer . . . at first.  Then they heard a howl coming from the inside of the tiny room.  Their eyes went wide, and they both looked at each other.
“Do you think . . . ?” Kerry asked, and Josh started to answer, but left the question hanging in midair when they heard claws scratch down the other side of the door.  A snarl came from inside, and they stepped back from the door.  There was no question in their minds then, but Kerry asked anyway.  “Do you think the werewolf’s in there with her?”
Josh shook his head no.
Kerry turned her gaze to the door.  “Then she’s one now, too.”  They backed away from the door.
“We can’t just leave her in there . . . can we?” Josh said.  The answer was as clear as glass.  Uma had somehow become infected by the werewolf, and now, she was suffering from the same symptoms.  What wasn’t clear was the ethics that surrounded the very notion of how they should treat an infected individual, especially one who was a shipmate.  Kerry hesitated to answer, but not for long.
“I don’t think we have any choice,” Kerry said and took his hand and pulled him down the corridor.  Another howl came from inside the room, and they ran toward the kitchen where Patsy was laying in the rubble on the floor.  “Patsy’s in really bad shape.  When I left her, she was unconscious, and I could barely feel a pulse.”
Josh knelt down and placed his fingers around Patsy’s wrist.  After many long seconds, he finally felt the faint thump of a heartbeat.  “She’s still alive, and she needs immediate medical attention.”
“There’s no doctor on board that I’ve heard of, but maybe there’s a medical droid somewhere,” Kerry said.
“I guess so.  They said something about a Dr. Skoll that went missing with Rue so it is possible they had a backup.  But I’m like you though, because I don’t know where it would be on the ship,” Josh said.
“You could help her if we got her to an urgent care,” Kerry said.
Josh shook his head no.  “I don’t know medicine.”
“The werewolves will find her if she lays here in the open.  We have to do something for her,” Kerry begged him.
“Yeah, of course we have to,” he agreed.  “Let’s get her into one of the lower cabinets,” he said, and together they cleaned the pots and pans out of a set of nearby cabinets.  Then they dragged her over and gently slid her into the hole they had made.  They closed the doors, and they went for the refrigerators to grab something.  They were both starving, and they filled their pockets with food and water bottles.
“Won’t they smell the food?” Kerry asked.
“Of course, but they’ll smell us anyway.  At least this way, we won’t starve to death before they find us.”
“That’s bleak,” she said, but he was probably right.  Then she looked around the room and spotted a hot plate, and an idea came to mind.  “Listen, a few years ago, my uncle Rue taught me how to solder electronic components.”
“I know you miss Rue, but why is that important?”
“Think about it, Josh.  What do you solder electronics with?”
“Solder,” he said flatly.
Kerry gave him a sour expression.  “What’s solder made of?”
“Tin and . . . SILVER!  Yes!” he exclaimed.  Kerry put her finger up to her mouth to remind him, and he talked quieter.  “I’m with you.  We just need to melt down the ship’s electronics and make some bullets.  But we don’t have a gun.”
“We don’t need a gun.  One time, I killed a coyote with a slingshot,” she told him.
“That’s nice.  Don’t tell me you’ve smuggled one of those on board,” he said.
“No, but we could make one from the hoses in the Room 8-5-12-12.”
“Uh-huh,” he said with unhidden skepticism.  “You know that’s where Cribbs and the Lofindran are now.”
“Yep.”
He sighed.  She was thinking clearer than he was, but he still didn’t like it.  “Lead on, then.”
**********
The android rolled along the metal floors toward the mechanical room, and when he got near the blasted door, he raised his optical sensors to look at the sign above.
“8-5-12-12.”  Rue wondered what the significance of the numbers was to the captain.  The possibilities were endless.  Could it be the X, Y, and Z coordinates to an event that happened in the year 2012?  Was it a combination to a lock?  He shrugged the mystery off.  Whatever it was, it didn’t matter anymore.  The android needed to go inside and alert them that the werewolf was still alive.  His solid-state transistors surged with the memory of what had happened to him on the wreckage.  He remembered images the repair droid rolling up to him.
“Download yourself,” he remembered thinking, and that’s what he had done.  Then he found himself inside the droid, behind its eyes, and he recalled looking at his new metal and plastic hands.  Minutes passed, and as his human body began to freeze, he saw Dr. Skoll changing.  Her teeth grew long, and hair grew all over her hands and face.  She was mutating before his sensors.  She screamed in agony with the metamorphosis, and instinctively, he remembered wheeling into a closet to hide.  He turned off all his sensors so that he could freeze to death in the peace of deep space, and his circuits went into hibernation.
He didn’t die though.  Instead, he awoke on board the Green Dragon, and many of his memories had unfrozen on the transistors of the semiconductor circuits in his new body.  When he had tried to speak, he had discovered that he had never learned to talk in the android’s body.  For all he knew, he was just a simple repair droid.
Then he saw her face.  The girl.  It was then that the electrons began to flow, and he started to dream dreams of the plains of South Dakota.
He was a person, and an android.  He was both.
Rue raised his optical sensors to look at the numbers above the doors, and the circuits of his android mind placed the corresponding letters above each number.  8-5-12-12.  H-E-L-L.
“Hell,” he said aloud as thin remnants of smoke streamed out along the ceiling.  He wheeled forward and bumped up against something laying on the floor.  His sensors scrolled down, and he saw the shiny silver cross on the floor.  He picked it up and looked it over.  The symbol brought recognition to his memory banks, and he held the cross close to his heart.  His spirit had left the universe many weeks ago, but the final electrical impulses of his mind told him that the symbol in his hand had meaning.  The cross should go with him into the smoke and ruin.  Rue did just that.  He rolled inside H-E-L-L on the wheels of his feet, and he saw Cribbs rebuilding the light speed engines for the Lofindran.  The alien wasn’t helping him, but the captain wasn’t asking her to either.
Then he looked back into the corridor and saw chunks of the mangled werewolf spill out from the ceiling.  It was an awful end, but it was no less than the creature deserved.  She was no longer Dr. Skoll, no longer the compassionate doctor he had known in life.  Oddly enough, as he watched, the creature gurgled and pushed its broken body up onto its feet.  It was a miraculous achievement considering the destructive blast of the death ray, and Rue wondered what the creature was going to do next.  The disjointed werewolf took a step forward, and step by step, the creature’s bones snapped into place.  Her body belonged to the organism she had become in the wreckage.  That organism was unstoppable.
Chapter 18
*
Rue blew an alarm whistle into 8-5-12-12 to alert Captain Cribbs and M’lalla, and then he turned toward the werewolf coming at him down the corridor.  The mangled monster wobbled as it walked, looking like the discombobulated survivor of an awful disaster.  Its hair was singed, and its body was broken and misshapen.  He would have liked to think of it as ‘she’, but nearly all of Dr. Skoll’s traits were gone by then.  The thing that stood before the android was no more than what they had been calling it:  a monster.
But if she was a monster, then what was he?  A metal can with some dead person’s memories?
“Perhaps,” he thought as the electrons flowed from transistor to transistor with the notion.  He was also Rue, so far as he knew, and he wasn’t going to let his niece die at the hands of a monster.
“Dr. Skoll,” Rue said through the piezoelectric speakers on the outside of his new body.  “You cannot do this to these people.  You must stop this madness.”
The werewolf kept moving toward him, slowly ambling as it reassembled its joints with pops and snaps.
“Please.  I know you’re in there, Dr. Skoll.  There is good in you,” he said to the monster, and it stumbled closer to him.  “You are a person.  A good person.”
The werewolf howled at the ceiling as it popped its shoulders into place.
“Please don’t make me do this,” the android pleaded, and he held up the cross so that the werewolf could see it.  The cross was special and had meaning to many people in the universe, but the monster, it kept coming.  Rue wheeled ahead toward the werewolf as it staggered, and when he was close enough, he used the two tiny boosters in his base to lift his metal body up off the floor.  The werewolf lowered its ears and growled and gnashed its teeth at him.  With one lucky bite, the werewolf latched onto the empty hand that the android held out in front of itself, and it whipped Rue around.  Rue’s other hand, the one with the silver cross, was still free, and he stabbed the werewolf in the throat with the precious metal object.  Its jaws opened, and the werewolf whimpered and flung the android into the nearby wall.  Then the monster pawed at the bane lodged deep in its neck.
Meanwhile, Rue fell to the floor in one piece, dented from the bite, but no worse for the wear.  He was still an android with only a few hours of battery life left, but he was in one piece.
**********
“What was that?” Cribbs said when he heard the android’s alarm whistle.
“J’mota!” M’lalla grunted.  The word meant ‘idiots’ in her language, and it was how she truly felt about the crew of the Green Dragon.  “You!  Keep working on the drives,” she ordered, and she braced the death ray in her hands, ready to fire on anyone who challenged her.
“I have a ways to go,” he said, and then he muttered, “I could use some help.”
“What was that, F’Eymond?  Help?  You should have thought of that when you dropped us out of light speed,” she said and turned her back on him to march to the door.  When she reached the frame, she turned and grumbled.  “Keep at it.  Your life depends on it,” she warned him before stepping out of sight into the corridor.
“Yeah, yeah.  I get it,” Cribbs said as he picked up a pipe wrench in one hand and an adjustable wrench in the other.
**********
Then the android heard someone scream at him from down the corridor, and when his head swiveled to see who it was, he was not surprised to see the Lofindran standing in the center of the great hallway.  Her feet were planted firmly, her arms were extended, and the barrel of the ray gun was shining that horrible green glow.  Rue pushed his robot body up onto his casters.  The werewolf stared at the gun with hatred in its eyes, still trying to get the silver cross out of its neck.
“No!” Rue’s speakers shouted with the distortion at peak volume.  Then green light swamped the hallway, and his optical sensors saw the walls, the ceiling, and the floor of the Green Dragon tumbling in disarray before everything went black.
**********
Cribbs tightened the hydraulic line and sealed the leaking fluid.  He hadn’t rebuilt a light speed drive in ten years, and he had been afraid he would have forgotten some of the basics, but as it turned out, he was a natural at mechanical assembly.  For him, this room was not 8-5-12-12, or ‘HELL’, like the codename implied.  It was the guts of his ship, and it was a reminder of how far he had come as a captain.  He scanned the spare parts sitting around him, and he felt good about the progress he had made.  In a couple of hours, he would have the light drive back in business, and they could get on with the mission.  He picked up another hydraulic tube, and he started tightening it onto the compressor when he heard the android scream outside in the corridor.  Then he whipped his head around when M’lalla fired the death ray.  He dropped the wrenches and ran out into the corridor.
“What are you doing?!” he barked at the Lofindran.  He expected her to turn around and point the gun at him again, but she didn’t.  She just stood there with the smoking gun in her grip, and she stared down the corridor where she had just fired.  “Well?!”  She hesitated, and then she let the gun fall to her side, gripped in one hand.
“You witnessed when I shot the werewolf before, didn’t you?” she asked without turning around.  He heard her.
“Yeah, you killed it.  So why are you shooting up my ship?!  Do I have to remind you that if you blow a hole in the outer shell then we’ll all be dead?” he said to her.
“I know it,” she said after a long pause.
“Then what are you doing?  Were you vaporizing wolf chunks that fell out of the ceiling?” he said to her, and he thought he was being funny, but she wasn’t laughing.  She never laughed.
She turned to him with a scowl on her face.  “The werewolf returned, hardly phased by the death ray, so I shot it again.”
“It’s back?  How?” Cribbs said, and he scanned the hallway where the werewolf had been shot before.  He saw Rue moving in the rubble.  “Did you shoot the droid?!  You aren’t supposed to shoot the droid,” he yelled at her.
“Be careful that I don’t shoot you next time,” she said and checked him against the wall with her shoulder as she marched by.  “Get to work,” she ordered him.  He looked down the corridor at Rue, who was on his back and fighting to get out from under the rubble.
“No, I’m going to help the droid is what I’m going to do,” Cribbs told her, and she reached out and grabbed him by the collar.
“Listen to me.  This death ray has a limited number of shots, and we are running out of time.  Get the light drives going before I am out of ammunition,” she said.  She looked more serious and less angry, and this was the first time she had mentioned anything about how much ammunition she had to him.
“How many shots do you have left?”
She held up two fingers.  Cribbs’ eyes grew wide, and wisely, he went back into 8-5-12-12 to finish the repairs.
“Let’s hope the werewolf stays dead this time, or else none of this matters,” he muttered to himself.
M’lalla stood guard in the hallway outside of Room 8-5-12-12, and she checked the big gun thoroughly for any issues.  She was going to have to use it again, and she wanted it to be ready when she did.  That werewolf was not going away, and she knew it.
**********
Kerry was toting the hot plate in her hand, and Josh was beside her when the death ray exploded into the werewolf that was once Dr. Skoll.  They saw the flash of green light reflect off the walls, and they hurried.  When they reached the last turn in the maze, they saw the pieces of werewolf strewn everywhere.  It was an unspeakable sight to look at, but they also saw the android digging itself out from under the destruction.
“Rue!” Kerry yelled, and then she saw the Lofindran guarding the mechanical room a little further down.  Josh threw his hands over his head in surrender, but Kerry didn’t.  She was more concerned with helping the droid than she was with the enemy pointing a gun at her.  Kerry dropped the hot plate and pushed the ceiling tiles and chunks of broken wallboard off of the android, and she stood him upright.  She would have done more for the droid, but M’lalla was there to kick her in the shoulder and knock her to the floor.
“Hey, now.  She was only helping the droid,” Josh said, and M’lalla leveled the gun at him.
“Speak no more words, J’mot.  You two will assist the captain in repairing this ship,” she ordered.  The android rolled over behind Kerry and peeked out from behind her.  Rue was struggling to roll in a straight line, but all of his parts seemed to be intact.
“But, I’ve got an idea about killing the werewolves,” Kerry said.
“No ideas.  Only work,” M’lalla ordered.
“You heard her say wolves, didn’t you?  There’s another one of these creatures locked in a room.  It’s a disease or something that’s doing this, and it’s spreading,” Josh explained.  M’lalla withdrew one of her swords with one hand while she held the death ray with the other.  Josh, Kerry, and the droid backed up a few feet, not sure of the threat, and M’lalla stabbed a chunk of the creature that was formerly Dr. Skoll with it.  The chunk was moving very slowly, something they hadn’t noticed before.
“Watch,” M’lalla snapped.  The tip of the sword was stuck with the point down into the center of the chunk of meat, and the organic material gradually slithered its way around the sword, moving upward, as if the carbon steel was only a temporary obstacle.  M’lalla looked at them.  “Do you understand?”
They nodded as she stared at them with hard, unblinking eyes.
“You’ve seen one of these werewolves before, haven’t you?” Josh asked.
M’lalla shrugged her shoulders and lifted the sword.  Then she swiped the hunk of meat off of the sword and flung it against the wall, and she inserted the sword back into its sheath.  “There are tales on my home world, but I always believed them to be foolish old U’huthru stories.”
“U’huthru?” Kerry repeated.
“U’huthru are the shaman of my tribe,” the Lofindran explained.  “They had a story of one of these wolves, as you call them, falling from the sky.  In the legend, the wolf supposedly killed many of my people before being trapped underground.  Many of my kind believe the tale to be true,” M’lalla said and looked over at them with shrewd eyes.  “It is nothing more than a myth.”
“That’s not a myth,” Josh said and pointed at the pieces of the werewolf that were migrating toward each other.
“Don’t you want to kill it?” Kerry asked her.  She considered telling the Lofindran about the effect the element silver had on the creature, but then she judged rightly that telling the alien what to do might strain the fragile truce they had with her.  But if she didn’t tell her, the consequences could be deadly for all of them, so she held up the hot plate, and she said, “Werewolves hate silver.  If we melt down some of it, . . . .”  M’lalla interrupted her and swore at her in Lofindran.
“There is no time for child games!” M’lalla warned her and knocked the hot plate out of her hands.  The coil on the plate went flying one way while the electronics busted into a dozen pieces.  “Get in there and help Cribbs rebuild the ship, if you want to live.”  Kerry stood there with her mouth gaping in surprise at what had just happened.
“Easy,” Josh said and coaxed Kerry into walking with him inside 8-5-12-12 where Marcus Cribbs was putting together the lightspeed drives.  Rue followed in behind, and his sensors spotted the gleaming metal on the tiles by the door.  He reached out one of his mechanical hands, and he picked it up.  It was the cross that he had used against the werewolf, and he placed it inside one of his chest compartments where he could get to again later, if he needed it.  Then he went inside the room and stood behind Kerry.
“Do you need some help?” Josh asked the captain when they were inside.
“Hand me that ten millimeter socket,” Cribbs ordered the retired Air Force officer.  Kerry hopped up and sat down angrily on a bench top, and Rue wheeled in beneath her under the shadow of the bench.  She wasn’t giving up, but she needed to think.  Then a simple idea came to mind that Kerry hadn’t thought of before, and she glanced at the captain.
“Do you have any solder for repairs?”
“Sure.  Here’s a fresh roll,” Cribbs said and tossed a winding of the stranded wire to her.  She caught it, and the raging fury that burned within her was diverted into a twinkle that shined in her eyes.  She looked down at the droid, and one of Rue’s optical LED’s winked at her.  The roll in her hand was a start.
**********
M’lalla watched them go, and she stayed in the hallway where the pieces of the werewolf slowly slithered toward one another.  The Lofindran knelt down on one knee and placed her hand over the rip in her space suit.  She flipped up the dial meter on the death ray, and the readout showed the gun was down to five percent charge, hardly enough to hold off the werewolf until she could get back to her home world.  Yet, it might be enough to get them to the treasure the captain had spoken of.  M’lalla wasn’t greedy, but she was complicated.
Chapter 19
*
“Hand me that bearing,” Cribbs said and pointed to a mechanism made of cast metal with a brass ring in the center.  Josh passed it to him, and Cribbs pressed into onto the end of the shaft.  Then he ran a rubber belt over the shaft, past the bearing, and he tugged on the end of the shaft, using it like a lever to stretch the belt.  “Grab the end,” he told Josh, and they lined up the bolt holes of the bearing with the holes in the metal frame beneath and inserted steel bolts through the assembly to hold the shaft to the frame.
“Can I help?” Kerry asked again.  It was true that she was only thirteen years old, but hadn’t she grown up on a farm, for goodness sakes?  She could turn a wrench, but it was clear they weren’t going to let her do it.  She felt that in their eyes, she was useless when it came to the ship’s repairs.
“Not with this part,” Cribbs said, affirming her feelings.
“How close are we to finishing?” Josh asked.
“We’re almost there,” Cribbs said.  “To me, this is the worst part, trying to do precision machine work with a belt pulling against you.”
“Reminds me of working on a sawmill my cousin used to have back in Dakota.  He’d tow it from one site to the next, and he’d have to set it up each time he was ready to saw,” Josh said while Cribbs tightened the nuts on the bolts.
“Really?  I’ve never seen a sawmill before.  There aren’t many trees on Specter and even fewer out here in space,” Cribbs said.  The sarcasm was subtle, and to another earther, it might have been lost.  But not on Josh.
“I guess not, smartass,” he said.  “But you haven’t missed much, unless you like hard, dirty work with no profit margin,” Josh said with a smirk on his face.
“Huh.  It sounds a lot like hauling freight then,” the captain chuckled.  The two men were from different generations and different planets, but the apparent commonality of hard labor was universal.  Cribbs tightened down the last bolt and stood back to look at his accomplishment.  He was haggard, and he should have been covered with sweat, but the dry atmosphere of the Green Dragon prevented it.
“What is this thing?” Josh asked, not afraid of letting the captain in on the secret that he had no idea what they had just put together.
“It’s the belt drives for the cooling fans that connect to the generator over there,” he said, pointing to the compact nuclear-powered generator.  “That’s an NK784, assembled in North Korea in 2041.  It’s over fifty years old, and that makes it a classic by earth standards.”
“It certainly isn’t legal in the United States, but I guess anything’s legal in space,” Josh said.
“You can hate the origin of the technology all you like, but without that generator to keep the fans going and the light drives cool, we’d be stuck out here until we all finally froze to death,” Cribbs argued.
“Hey, you don’t have to convince me about its value.  It’s just that it’s North Korean, that’s all, and I spent my entire career in a hole in the ground alongside a missile control aiming directly at them,” Josh said.  Cribbs grunted, stepped over to the NK784, and flipped the switch to start the generator.  There was an initial belt squeal and then the coupled shafts started turning at low speed.  The captain turned the potentiometer of the variable speed drive until the fan was running at full blast on the light drive.  Then Cribbs bent over and kissed the frame of the NK784.  Josh frowned at the cobbled rig, but he didn’t say anything derogatory about the equipment that was going to get him home someday soon, if the Lofindran let them all go.
“Hey, do you think she’s going to let us free?” Josh whispered.  Cribbs looked carefully over his shoulder, and he shook his head no.  Then his eyes met Kerry’s, and she held up the roll of solder with a smile on her face.
“If we can melt this roll into pellets, we’ll have a solution for our werewolf problem,” she said, and Cribbs’ eyebrows went up as if he didn’t understand.  “Oh, you don’t understand.  This is tin-silver.”  The two men’s faces brightened up.
“Hell, yeah, you’re right, kid,” Cribbs said when he realized it.  “I’ve got a soldering iron over there in the top drawer of the tool box.  Have at it, kid,” Cribbs said, and Kerry retrieved it.  M’lalla was still standing in the doorway, watching the werewolf piece itself back together again, distracted for the moment.
“Are there any spare rubber hoses that I can use?” Kerry asked.
“What for?” Cribbs said.
“She wants to make a slingshot,” Josh said, and Cribbs appeared baffled by the word.  “It’s a handheld weapon used to kill birds and squirrels on Earth,” he said and mimicked pulling invisible cords and then letting them loose.
“Whatever.  Get lost in the aisles back there,” Cribbs told her.  “There are spare hoses in the tool closet on the third alley from the far wall,” he said and pointed out the proper corner.  “Good luck.”
Kerry snuck off with Rue, and when they were out of sight, Cribbs took a wrench in his hand and leaned over on the generator, appearing to be deep in concentration on his project.  M’lalla swiveled her head around and saw the shafts turning.
“We’re finished.  She’s ready,” the captain announced before she could fume about them not doing anything.
“Good.  How soon to light speed?”
“Minutes.  All we need to do is get to the control room,” Cribbs said.
“Where is the girl and that droid?” M’lalla said, and when she didn’t get an answer from either of them, she turned her weapon on them.
“Hey, hey.  Easy.  We were too busy making repairs to babysit them.  She’s just a girl anyways, and that droid’s seen better days.  They can’t hurt anything,” Cribbs reasoned.  M’lalla didn’t look so sure.
“Aren’t you worried for her safety when you throw the ship into light speed?” the Lofindran asked.  There was no mention of the android, which was consistent with the alien’s attitude towards machinery.  Cribbs, on the other hand, hesitated.
“I’ll throw on the thrust protection.  They might get thrown around a bit, but they’ll be fine.  She’s young and the droid’s resilient,” Cribbs said, as if that was reason enough to leave them behind.
M’lalla lowered the weapon and motioned for them to leave 8-5-12-12.  If the girl and the droid didn’t survive the jump to lightspeed, what was that to her.
**********
The room was dark, and her chest ached every time she breathed, as if a knife was sticking in her side.
“Where am I?” Patsy said aloud, and every word hurt as she spoke.  “Am I in space?” she thought to herself since it was less painful to think.  She couldn’t be because there was air.  Wherever she was, it was dark, and she was hurting all over.  Her ribs, her head, her face, but mostly her leg.  She blinked her eyelids to see if they were open, and they were, so it really was dark where she was.
“I remember crawling in the air ducts on my hands and knees.  I must still be inside of a duct, but I don’t feel air moving,” she thought to herself.  She reached out her hand and flexed her fingers in front of her face.  She felt the joints in her hand move, but it was too dark to see her fingers.  Then she heard someone running nearby, and she could feel the vibration of every step.  She listened to her surroundings, and she heard an animal snarling like a dog fighting over its food.  There was some reason she was hiding in the ducts.  “What was it?” she asked herself, and she tried to remember, but everything was so foggy.
The sniffing sounds grew closer and closer, though she couldn’t see the animal, only hear it.  She heard rustling and cabinet doors opening and shutting.  Then the ripping open of packages and the devouring of food.  Patsy was so hungry that she couldn’t resist.
“Who’s there?” she said aloud, and the room grew quiet.  “Hello?” she whispered.  There was no answer, only the quiet silence of cold space.  Then she felt someone moving nearby, slowly.  One step.  Nothing.  Patsy hadn’t been afraid before, but some memory in the back of her injured mind told her that she should be.  She reached out her hand and touched her leg where it throbbed.  She felt the swelling, and she guessed that it was broken in the thigh.  There was no way she was going to be able to walk on it.
If she couldn’t walk, then how could she get away?
She began to tremble, and she grew cold with anticipation.  Her thoughts wound disjointedly through all that she remembered.  The recovery of the wreckage, the meeting of the earthers, the disappearances of the other crew . . . .
Patsy remembered.  There had been a creature on board the Green Dragon, a creature that was tearing the ship apart and killing the crew.  She reached down with her shaking hands and felt her tender ribs to see if she had a weapon, but she could not find one.
Then she heard the animal take another step.  Frantically, she patted the area around her for a sharp object, but all she felt were the tight walls of the cabinet space she was encased within.  She found the cabinet door, and she pushed on it.  Light poured into the space as her fingers held it open.  She saw where she was, and she jerked her fingers back quickly, as if she had burned them in a fire.  The hinges did their work, and the door closed with a slam.  She swore at herself for making the noise, and she gripped her hands over her mouth.  She felt the cabinet shudder with the weight of the unknown creature standing on top of it.  The door creaked open, and Uma’s upside-down, half-wolf face looked in on her.  Drool dripped from the werewolf’s mouth onto the floor, and a low growl rumbled in its throat.  Patsy could barely speak, her ribs were broken into shards, but she managed to scream one last time before the wolf that was once her friend tore into her.
**********
“AAAAAAHHH!!!” the scream echoed through the corridors.  Josh, Cribbs, and M’lalla all braced themselves in defensive positions at the sound.
“That was Patsy!” Cribbs barked angrily.  He recognized her voice immediately, and he broke into a run before M’lalla could do anything to stop him.  Josh was still cognizant of the Lofindran topaz, and he turned to her with a questioning look.
“We’re losing everyone,” he said to the alien, and M’lalla cut her eyes his way.
“You know that none of you will survive without me, do you not?” the Lofindran said to him, and he was taken back by her honesty.
“I suspect so.  Do you have a plan?” the old man asked.
“No,” M’lalla answered.  Whatever she was planning, she was keeping it close to her vest.  Josh glanced down at the shredded spacesuit she wore.  The tears were deep where the first werewolf, Dr. Skoll, had scratched the Lofindran, and he saw in the shadows of the fabric where her skin had been broken ever so slightly.  Would the alien turn into a werewolf as well?  There was no way for him to know, but if she did, he thought that no one on board would ever live to see the Milky Way again.
“Well, then, let’s go help the captain,” he said, and he followed after Cribbs down the corridor.  M’lalla marched along with him at a cautious pace, and when they reached a turn, she nudged him back with her elbow.
“Keep out of sight, J’babba,” she said to him.
“Excuse me?” he replied, not understanding the word.  She laid her glove on his shoulder, and she relaxed her jaw.  Then she looked at him with uncharacteristically considerate eyes, breaking with her strict militaristic posture.
“J’babba.  It means ‘elder’ in my language, a term of respect which we show to those who go before us,” she said.  Then her eyes turned hard, and the muscles in her jaws grew rigid when the howl of a werewolf echoed through the corridor.  Josh stepped back, and M’lalla peeped around the corner and gripped her death ray with both hands.  At that moment, Cribbs slid into view, and he was running their way for all he was worth.  Another werewolf, clothed in Uma’s garments, was running on all fours behind him, gnashing its jaws at his backside, chomping away like a bear trap with slobbering fangs.  M’lalla shoved Josh away with her elbow.
“Hide!” she ordered him, but there was nowhere for him to go, so he crouched down on one knee and picked up a length of scrap pipe from the floor that had fallen when M’lalla had shot her weapon before.  Cribbs came skidding around the bend, and M’lalla aimed and fired the death ray into the werewolf and blew it to bits.
“That was awesome!” Cribbs said with his eyes bulging out of his head.
“Hurry!  Before it reassembles!” M’lalla ordered the two men, and they didn’t waste any more time.  They went around the exploded mess and ran on through the ship until they came to the mangled door of the control room some minutes later.  Cribbs sat down at his control deck, and he started typing in the commands to receive the signals from the beacons.  Pretty soon, there were three distinct markers appearing on the radar, and he used the mini boosters to line up the front of the Green Dragon with their destination.  When they were pointed in the right direction, he announced what he was going to do over the intercom, hoping that Kerry would hear his message.  He looked to either side, and M’lalla and Josh were strapped into seats and ready to go.
“Portal.  Here we come!” he said, pushing himself back into his chair as he slammed the ship into light speed.


Chapter 20
*
In a far aisle of room 8-5-12-12, Kerry heated up the soldering iron and cut the spool of solder into shorter lengths.  She wasn’t very experienced with handling the metal, and certainly not in weaponizing it, but she didn’t let that stop her from trying.  She dug through the bins of replacement parts, and she found a drawer of loose copper ball bearings.  They were perfect for shooting, but copper was not known for killing for werewolves.  Meanwhile, the droid scoured through the many tools and found a working desoldering setup with a solder pot attached.  Rue showed it to her, and her eyes lit up.
“Rue, that’s awesome!” she said and plugged it into an outlet to warm up.  Then she threw the lengths of solder into the pot, and while they waited for the silver to melt, she asked the droid for help.  “See if you can find some hoses and leather for the slingshot,” Kerry said to the droid.
Rue chirped once and rolled off into the aisles searching.  Soon, he returned with several lengths of rubber and a leather apron.
“That’ll work,” she told him as she took them from him.  “Now, I need wire, wire cutters, scissors, a knife, and metal tubing.”
Rue rolled off to find those items while she dipped the ball bearings one by one into the boiling solder.  She didn’t know for sure if it would work or not, but she was pleased when the first one went in copper and came out shiny silver.  Before she could finish, another explosion echoed through the ship, and she recognized it as the Lofindran death ray again.  She hoped the weapon had been used on a werewolf, but there was no way for her to know for sure.  Regardless of the death ray’s victim, Kerry went back to work and wasted no time loading more solder into the pot and dipping the copper bearings one by one into the tin-silver liquid until she had amassed a small arsenal of bullets.
Then she heard the intercom crackle, and Cribbs’ voice sounded in the air around her.
“Hang on tight!  We’re jumping to light speed!” he said, and Kerry heard the nearby light drive engines begin to whine.  She snatched up her silver bullets and threw them into the bottom of a tall locker.  Then she jumped inside and closed the door.
“I hope Rue’s safe,” she said to herself, and a few seconds later, her body was pressing against the sides of the locker.  The force felt as if it was going to crush her, but then it eased off when the acceleration slowed and the ship coasted into a constant speed.  It wasn’t long before her body acclimated to the new velocity.  She had ridden on the ship through several rounds of acceleration and deceleration, and when she was sure it was safe to get out, she opened the locker door and stepped outside.  All of her tools had rolled away except for the soldering iron and solder pot, which were still plugged into the wall.  She had barely finished in time, and she was glad that she had had time to collect the precious silver fragments before the jump to lightspeed.  She heard a whirring of activity, and she glimpsed the droid coming around the corner.
“Thank God!  You’re okay,” she said as Rue rolled up.  She couldn’t see his eye sensors for the pile of stuff he had bunched up in his arms, but he must have been able to sense her because he stopped two feet in front of her.
“Here you go,” Rue said and dropped a length of electrical conduit at her feet.  His arms were still overloaded, and he dumped the rest of what he had beside her.  There were several aprons as well as a box of the tools she had requested.  She wasted no time and went to work immediately.  As she bent metal and snipped tubing, she explained to the droid what she was doing.  His LED’s lit up, and he helped her with the construction.  She wasn’t building anything overly complex, but she was constructing small handheld weapons to fight against the werewolves.  Rue’s optical sensors glanced at the girl, and if it was possible for an android to feel pride, then Rue was truly pleased with Kerry.  According to his human memories, he had taught her how to craft slingshots when she was younger, and she was doing a perfect job of replicating everything he had shown her.
His delight came crashing down when his acoustic sensors picked up the growling of a werewolf.
**********
When the beacons were within a few minutes away, Cribbs pulled back on the velocity of the Green Dragon.  It was a gradual slowing, and soon he had the ship cruising toward the black void of nothingness.
“Where is this portal?” M’lalla said to him, more in doubt than in curiosity.
“Just ahead.  It’s solid black,” Cribbs said.  She turned toward him with her death ray braced carefully in her arms.  The gun wasn’t pointed at him this time.
“Then how do you know when you get there?”
“I don’t really understand how the portal works, but it’s there,” he said, pointing through the transparent window of the ship.  He checked the beacons, and sure enough, he was at the correct spot in space.  There was nothing but black.  Then suddenly, a queasy feeling went through his stomach, and he felt as if time and space were distorting around himself.  He looked at the others’ faces, and they bore the same look of uneasiness as he did, and when he looked out the window again, there were strange stars and shimmering planets ahead.  The view had changed.  He glanced at the satellite location on the ship’s controls, and he confirmed what he suspected.  “Look at the radar.  Everything has changed,” he said.
“Then we’re on the other side.  That’s it?” Josh asked, genuinely puzzled at how they could have traversed so far by simply coasting through a black spot in space.
“Turn the ship around,” M’lalla ordered him, and Cribbs did as she said.  When the window was rotated 180 degrees, they saw the solid black area which they had passed through.
“Now, do you believe me?” Cribbs asked, but she didn’t answer.  She unbuckled her seat belt, and she pointed the death ray at him.
“I believe it is time for you to show me these planets of precious metals,” M’lalla said.  Cribbs had hoped they had gotten beyond the need for pointing weapons at each other, but apparently, he was mistaken.  He did as she commanded and switched on the spectrometer on the control panel.  This tool provided the elemental analysis of the materials within a specified range.  Millions of miles away, planets were spaced randomly about the ship, and the spectrometer showed that, indeed, the primary content of the nearest planet was gold.  The stable element was just as valuable in the Andromeda galaxy as it was in the Milky Way, and the Lofindrans made jewelry and specialized electronic components with it, including their death rays.  She laid her finger down on the spectrometer’s map, and she pointed to the planet.
“Let us go there and take our fair share of gold,” she said, and Cribbs looked at another planet further away.
“I would suggest going here first,” he said and reached out to mark the spot on the map.
“That planet is not made of gold,” she said and powered her weapon with a flick of a switch.  “I gave you an order.  Do not make me lose my patience.”
Cribbs lifted his hands in surrender.  “We can certainly fill up with gold, but we have a werewolf problem to deal with,” he said, and he looked at her chest where the werewolf had scratched through her suit.  Then his eyes drifted slowly up to her face.  She was pale and didn’t look as well as she had a few hours earlier.  He glimpsed the death ray in her hands, and he began to worry.  M’lalla, for her part, was silent for a moment while their eyes connected, as if she were considering what he had said.
“I think the captain’s right,” Josh said, trying to break the growing tension.
“I can fly this ship,” she growled, and then she shook her head to clear her thoughts.  “No, no, you are right.  We should go there first,” she said, changing her mind as if she were arguing with herself.  This obvious indecision worried both Cribbs and Josh, but they were at her mercy since she had all the weapons.  They set a course for the planet in question, which appeared to be a bright white ball in the distance.  Cribbs looked ahead through the main window, but every once in a while, his eyes drifted to the side, to the Lofindran.  M’lalla wasn’t looking so great, and the werewolf scratches on her chest weighed heavily on his mind.
**********
“Hide!” Kerry whispered to the droid, and she scampered into a nearby tool bin.  Rue laid down in front of the locker and twisted his head around at an odd angle, trying to appear as if he were a broken machine.  The werewolf that had been Dr. Skoll lurked through room 8-5-12-12, breathing heavily and sniffing the air for signs of a human.  When she discovered that the ship she was building had been dismantled, she howled at the ceiling in anger and frustration.  Kerry cringed in the tool bin, and she covered her face in fear.  When the werewolf had finished moaning out her anger, she glared at the room around her, and she bared her teeth in rage.  She paced along the floor and stopped when she reached the end of the aisle where her prey was hiding.  She hunched down on all four paws and smelled the air.  There was someone on this lane that drew her attention, and she lowered her head to the floor and let her nose tell her where the human was.  After many steps, the werewolf came to the wheel of one of Rue’s feet, and she stopped.  She recognized the android, and when she thought of how she had been blown to pieces while fighting with it, her throat rumbled in a low growl.  She had gathered herself back together again, and the memory of being blown apart would never leave her.
But she sensed something else.  The scent of the human was here, too, and the werewolf looked skeptically at the locker behind the android’s head.  Then she noticed the silver cross in the android’s mechanical hand, and the werewolf backed away quickly out of the repair droid’s reach, suspecting that perhaps the droid was playing some sort of trick on her.  She withdrew down the aisle and thought to herself that she would play the long game and wait in the shadows in case the human who was hiding in the locker decided to come out.  She had all the time in the universe, and her prey didn’t.
Then she whipped her head around, and her ears shot up into the air.  Faintly, she heard the distant howling of another werewolf inside the Green Dragon, and she glanced down the aisle again where the android lay sprawled out against the locker.  Another howl sounded, this one closer, and her eyes went from the aisle to the door leading out.  Finally, with her decision made, she lurched slowly away from the aisle and toward the exit, not altogether certain that she wanted to leave the human for very long, but circumstances had changed.  Where she had been a lone predator before, she now had competition.  She trotted out of room 8-5-12-12, stopping only once to look back and to get a final glimpse of the place where she planned to have her next meal.
**********
They heard the howl in the corridors outside of the control room, and Josh unbuckled his safety harness.  Cribbs looked over at the older gentleman from Earth as he stood up and stretched his weary bones.
“Captain.  Lofindran Topaz,” Josh said as he addressed each.  “I think we’ve reached a pinnacle, one that none of us may survive if we don’t try something drastic.”
“What did you have in mind, old man?” the Lofindran said with a pale face.  A bead of sweat ran from her forehead and down her cheek.  She looked awful, and she was holding one arm across the werewolf scratch.  That was not a good sign.
“It’s us three and Kerry left on the ship, and there are two hungry wolves roaming the corridors, waiting for us to make a move.  They’ll outlast us,” Josh said.
“Maybe not,” Cribbs said, and then there was another howl.  He pointed at the map, at their destination.  “The explosion that made this planetary system into the greatest gold mine ever conceived also created whole planets of other precious metals.  That planet is comprised primarily of silver,” he said with a wry grin.  Josh’s face lit up with understanding.
“That is a good turn of events,” Josh said, and then there were two howls together, each from a different wolf.  Worry crossed the old man’s face.  “If you can crash the whole ship into the planet, you’ll kill ‘em.  But then we’ll be dead, too, so what’s the point in mutual destruction?  No, we have to do something else and soon.”
Cribbs pursed his lips as he thought over Josh’s words.  A whole planet of silver would do them no good if they were eaten before they arrived.  And crashing the ship to kill the wolves would be a sad last resort, one that he would reserve in the desperate case that he was the only crew member left on the Green Dragon.  He looked over at the Lofindran, and his unease grew when he saw the extra grey hairs growing along her cheek bones.  Those hadn’t been there before, and though they had no way of knowing what the product of the disease was going to be in the alien lifeform, he was pretty sure a Lofindran werewolf was going to be much worse than anything they had ever seen before.  The more he considered it, the more he wanted to give the old man a turn.
“What are you thinking, Mr. Hawkins?”
Josh smiled at the other two.  “I like to fish in my spare time.  Have either of you ever been noodling?”
**********
Rue let the LED’s in his optical sensors glow when he was certain that the werewolf had gone.  He got to his wheels and rolled down to the end of the corridor.  There was no sign of movement; they were alone, for now.  He heard the locker open behind him, and Kerry stepped out.  She held up her hands and pointed to her lips.
“It’s okay to talk,” he told her, and she exhaled loudly.
“Rue, I’m getting tired of hiding,” she said as she collected her things out of the locker.  “Did you hear that other wolf howling?”
“I did,” Rue said, and he showed her a readout of his systems.  “My battery is running out, and I know I don’t have much time to live, but if we don’t find a solution to these wolves . . . ,” he said and shook his head.  He couldn’t say the rest.
“That’s what this is for,” Kerry said and held up the nearly finished slingshot.  “All we need now is a piece of leather to connect the two rubber tubes together.”  Kerry looked down at her shoes, which were made from genuine rawhide, and she took one off and handed it to the droid.  “Can you cut a piece off the top where it wraps above my ankle,” she asked him, and he did and handed her back the shoe, which she put back on.  Then he poked two holes in the leather, and one at a time, they inserted a tube into a hole and tied it into a knot with wire.  When they were finished, they looked over the finished product.  “It’s a slingshot, just like the ones we used to shoot the prairie dogs with back home.”
“Try it,” he said.  Kerry took a rounded tin-silver pellet out of her pocket, and she cradled it in the leather.  Then she pulled back on the rubber tubes, aimed for a spot on the wall, and let the pellet fly where it ricocheted off the solid steel.
“I missed by a couple of inches,” she said.
“The werewolves are large targets.  Any shot like that will help,” Rue said in his tinny voice.  She didn’t have many pellets to use for practice, but she tried one more with about the same accuracy.
“I’m not used to the reduced gravity.  The pellets aren’t dropping as much as they would on Earth,” she said and drew out another handmade pellet.  “I’ll have to aim lower if I want to hit anything.”
“Save the rest of them,” the droid said and put a mechanical hand on her elbow.  “You might need all the ammo you can get,” Rue advised, and she grabbed up a tool belt that was hanging against a nearby toolbox.  Then she clipped it around her waist and poured the rest of the handcrafted bullets into the pouch where nails or screws would normally go.
“I’ve never done anything like this before,” she confessed.  “I don’t know how I’ll do against those creatures.”
“I am sure you will do fine.  After all, you ran away from home, convinced your neighbor to come with you, and then flew to another galaxy.  I would say shooting a werewolf with a pellet is much simpler than all of that,” the droid reasoned.  His speech and pronunciation had improved dramatically over the past few hours, and it was hard for her to imagine him being a droid.  Even the way he said werewolf was correct.
“When you say it like that, yeah,” she said.  “But what if we lose?”
The droid turned toward her, and his eyes burned red.  “The risk is worse if we do nothing.  I don’t have much more than a day’s charge left for my memories.  After that, I’ll be gone from this metal shell forever.”
Kerry hung her head low.  “I’m going to miss you.”
“I will miss you, too, little one,” the droid said.  Kerry reached her arms around the droid and hugged the hard metal.  This shell was not her uncle’s true form, but she didn’t care.  She loved him just the same.  After the tender moment had passed, she backed away and wiped her eyes.
“This is so much bigger than anything I’ve ever faced,” she told him.
“I know it is, and I think that’s why I’m still here in this metal shell.  To see this through to the end with you,” Rue said.  “Come on.  Let’s see if we can save Cribbs,” he said.
She followed his lead, and her mind wandered as she walked.  It seemed that she had doubted herself for so long, and rightfully so.  She was only a teenager from the Black Hills of South Dakota, completely inexperienced in space travel.  Who was she to think that she could take on two werewolves by herself?  But she wasn’t by herself, was she.  She had Rue, and she had Josh.  Wolves or no wolves, she could do this.  She gritted her teeth and tiptoed behind the droid to the exit doors of the room, and together, they peered out into the hallway.  It was deserted, and Kerry reached into the bag on her waist, took out a tin-silver pellet, and placed it into the leather holder of the slingshot.  Then together they followed the sounds of the werewolves as they wound their way through the ship.
**********
“That’s your plan?  Are you insane?!” Cribbs yelled at the earther.  Josh shrugged his shoulders and left the control room, unarmed but determined to make his idea work.
M’lalla rolled her eyes at the men and turned her attention to the window looking out into the far-flung galaxy they now found themselves in.
“Are you just going to let him sacrifice himself?!” Cribbs shouted at her since there was no one else left in the room.  She shrugged her shoulders.
“It doesn’t make any difference now,” she said and took off one of the gloves of her spacesuit.  Her hand was covered in fur, and Cribbs cringed aloud when he saw the change happening to her body.  “None of us have long left to live, but we can crash this ship into that planet.  Perhaps that will end this k’prajer,” M’lalla said with bitterness.  By the look on his face, he didn’t understand her meaning.  “K’prajer is what our minds do when we sleep.  Only, . . . it happens more often when our thoughts are troubled.”
“A nightmare.  That’s what we call it,” Cribbs said.  He understood part of what she meant, but he didn’t know if he agreed with her about crashing the ship into the silver planet though.  That sounded too terminal for his taste.
“Nightmare,” she said as her eyes began to glaze over.  She put her glove back on and rubbed her eyes.  When she opened them again, they were less hazy, though not quite normal.  There was a sickly hue in the irises that confirmed the truth.  She was becoming one of the them, and it wouldn’t be long before they were all either eaten or changed into werewolves.
Instead of a nightmare, a childhood story came to his mind then:  Cribbs, Josh, and Kerry.
Three little pigs.
**********
To see his plan through to completion, Josh left the others behind and ran toward the howling of the werewolves.  This also carried him toward the docking bay where they had boarded the Green Dragon a few days ago.  He understood that his plan was risky and might kill him in the process.  With every step he made, he had to resist the urge to stop and turn around.  The reward was that if his plan worked, the werewolves would be jettisoned off the ship forever, and everyone left aboard would be saved.  The choice was easy, but the path was hard.  That was the reality he faced.
“For Kerry,” he reminded himself, and then he braved straight ahead into danger.
When he reached the doors to the bay, he stopped and looked through the glass.  The artificial gravity controls no longer worked in that area of the ship, and everything was floating around like so much space junk.  The inside of the docking bay was the end of the line.  Beyond was uncharted space.
"Why?" he asked himself.  Why was it that no matter where he went in this universe, one group was always trying to kill another?  Humans.  Lofindrans.  Werewolves.  He would never understand the motivations of those evil individuals.  They just didn't make any sense to him, but the history of their deeds was always floating around in front of him like so much junk.
A werewolf howled and another one screamed, breaking his meditation.  He sighed and put his hand on the glass overlooking the bay.  Out there was peace.  Out there was . . . his future.  Josh angled his head to the side and let out the breath he had been holding.  This was not some fairy tale or monster story.  This was his life, the only one he knew, and he was going to live it to the fullest.  When he finally looked over at the werewolves running at him, he realized that this was the end.  He waited for the werewolves to get close enough to him to do what he needed to do.  He watched their jaws slobber, their teeth glisten in the LED lighting of the ship.  At that moment, he also recalled the cold war he had participated in for most of his life.  He saw his friends pass in and out of the bomb shelter where he had worked.  Some of them were now dead, and some of them were enjoying retirement in a skilled nursing facility, wrapped in diapers.  That was no way to go.
Joshua Hawkins placed his hand on the door button, not hard enough to open it, but just enough to rest it there under his palm.  The werewolves were coming at him in slow motion, and his whole world was turning ever so slowly.  He looked beyond the monsters, and there was other movement.  The last face he saw before he hit the door button was Kerry.
**********
Kerry stalked the howls of the werewolves with great caution.  She had the leather pouch of her slingshot loaded with a tin-silver bullet, and she was as tense as a first-grader on an elementary school bus on the first day of school.  Her gut told her that this was the final showdown, her OK Corral.  The wolves had been fighting with each other, but something had made them stop and work together, and she hoped they hadn't smelled her coming.  That thought made her even more scared, and she pulled back on the rubber straps, her fingers tightening around the leather holder.  The bullet felt round and solid, and having it ready to shoot gave her some small bit of confidence, but not much.  She was just one single girl coming up against two snarling wolves.  Rue, the droid, swiveled his head around and looked at her with his plastic-coated LED eyes.
"It's going to be okay.  We're going to make it," he lied because he knew his own fate, and she nodded her head in agreement.  Then a werewolf screamed, and she averted her eyes away from the droid and searched the corridor for a face.  She saw no one, but she had a feeling.  "They must have found somebody," he said, and she nodded.  She hadn’t seen anyone but felt the answer in her bones without ever seeing the face.
"Josh."
"No, surely not," the android said, and when they came around the corner, they saw that her hunch was true.  There was Josh at the far end of the hallways, standing by the bay doors.  The werewolves were rushing at him.
"No!" Kerry screamed, and she pulled back on the rubber straps of the slingshot, aimed with one eye closed, and let the first bullet fly.  The silver shimmered as it sailed through the air, but it didn't go where she thought it would.  The bullet went high and ricocheted off the ceiling.
"You missed," Rue said.
"I know," she said as she dug out another bullet from the pouch.  "It's this artificial gravity.  I'm used to shooting by earth's gravity, the real thing.  Not this bogus stuff."
"Aim lower," the android said.
"I know, I know," she mumbled as she loaded up the bullet.  She lowered her arm ever so slightly, closed one eye, and held her breath until her aim was true.  Then she let the second one fly.  She saw the bullet sail through the air and converge with the werewolf's shoulder.  That one hit the mark.  The confirmation came when the werewolf in Uma’s uniform yowled in pain.  "Yes!" Kerry said excitedly, and then the werewolf turned on her, slobbering and snarling.
"Uh, oh," Rue said.  He still had the cross in his hand, ready to wield, and he would have gladly used it to fight off the werewolf if it hadn't been for the fateful intervention of Josh.  The old man was on the far side of the two werewolves, and he held up a hand and waved goodbye.
“What’s he doing?!” Kerry said, though she had an idea, a very awful idea.
“What he feels he must,” Rue answered when he saw the man’s hand on the door switch.  “Brace yourself!”
“No!!” Kerry yelled and reached out her hand toward Josh, but it was too late.  The decision had already been made.  Josh pressed the ‘Open’ button and activated the entrance to the bay doors.  There was a sudden whoosh, and in the blink of an eye, the retired Air Force officer from South Dakota, Kerry’s only human friend on the ship, was sucked out through the open doors into the vast emptiness of deep space.  “No, no, no!!!” she screamed, but her voice was drowned out by the turbulence of the sudden wind.
Rue felt the pull of the vacuum, and his wheels rolled toward the open exit door.  The android grabbed onto a nearby handle in the wall and held on for dear life as the column of air in the corridors flooded toward the single termination point.  He was safe for the moment, but his audio sensors picked up a scream of terror coming from behind him.  He swiveled his head and saw that Kerry had thrown out one free hand and snagged a harness along the wall to keep from being siphoned out into the great void.
“Don’t let go!!” the android said with his amplifiers at full volume.  The air was thinning already, but Kerry heard the voice coming from the speakers in Rue’s head, only she was too busy to answer him.  One hand wasn't enough to hold her for long, but her other hand was holding the slingshot and she was afraid of dropping it, the only weapon she had, even if it meant being sucked out into space like her friend Josh Hawkins.  She did the only thing she could do under the circumstances.  She stuck the handle of the slingshot between her teeth, and then she stretched out her free hand as far as it would go until her fingers found purchase and wrapped around the tightly woven fabric of the harness.  She rested her chin on her chest, and she looked down toward her feet in the direction of the bay door.  Josh was gone and one of the werewolves had been dragged out into the vacuum with him, the one who had been Dr. Skoll.  It was a terrible thing for her to have to watch her good friend’s death.  She had never known her own father, but she had known Josh for as long as she could remember.  He wasn’t her father by any means, but he had certainly filled the role of a father figure in her life.
And now Josh was gone forever.  She knew in her heart that he had offered himself up for her sake, but the sudden pain of his loss was horrific.  She wanted to mourn his death, but how could she when the second werewolf was still around, shot once in the shoulder with a tin-silver bullet, yet the creature had managed to be just as resourceful at self-preservation as she was.  The werewolf formerly known as Uma grabbed a length of electrical wire embedded in the wall, and that thin black wire was all that it took to keep from being sucked out into space.  The wolf snarled and roared into the thinning oxygen, and when it swiveled its head around and caught sight of Kerry and Rue, it stared at them with that same alien hate the first werewolf had had in its reddish eyes.  Somehow, it was evident that the hatred had grown.
"What are we going to do now?!" Kerry mumbled at Rue with the slingshot in her mouth.  The android couldn't understand her garbled words, but if he had, then he would have had no advice to offer at that moment. as he was also clinging onto a wire for dear life.  It occurred to her again that maybe no one was going to get out of this journey alive, and confronting death face-to-face made her shiver.  She wasn’t ready to die, but it didn’t matter how she felt because the very air around her was being evacuated out of the Green Dragon.  Death was coming for all of them, and coming fast.
Kerry sighed.  Sometimes, life was too cruel, and perhaps, meeting death for the very first time wasn’t such a bad proposition.  She decided that if Josh could sacrifice himself to save her, then it was her turn to be brave.  She lowered her eyebrows, and her forehead furrowed with determination.  She pulled on the harness, and with one arm secured, she pulled a solder pellet out of her pouch and held it between her clasped fingers.  Then she loaded the slingshot with the pellet, letting it fly with a twang.  The little tin-silver ball flew past the monster and into the wall where it bounced off impotently.
"Useless!" she snapped at herself, and when she tried to breathe in again, she found the air to be much too thin to waste on idle swearing.  She held the slingshot by the thong and released the handle so that it dangled in the wind toward the open doors.  She risked losing it, but the slingshot wasn’t going anywhere as long as she held onto it.  She reached into the bag again and took out another pellet, but when she gripped the handle of the slingshot and went to pull back on the leather thong, she felt the strain of the exertion in her lungs and saw the white spots in front of her eyes.  Kerry’s body was getting low on oxygen, and if she didn't hit the werewolf with one of the silver pellets pretty soon, then it wasn't going to happen at all.  She glanced down toward her feet, and she watched the werewolf clawing its way toward her along the sides of the wall.
"How is it doing that?" she wondered.  How could these creatures just keep going and going and going until they consumed everybody on the ship?  How?!  She recalled the night when the three wolves had trapped her in the Jeep, and the fear that she had felt then roared back into her mind.  This creature was unstoppable, and it was coming to get her.  One claw grabbed a knob sticking out of the wall, and hand over hand, the creature climbed relentlessly toward her.  Kerry knew that her time was coming to an end very soon, either by asphyxiation from lack of oxygen or by digestion in the bowels of the hybrid creature.  Her vision was failing her, and she glanced down at her blurry hands.  Everything was out of focus, but she could tell that one hand had the handle of a serviceable weapon, while the other pinched a tin-silver fragment within a carved, folded strip of leather.  Then her eyes drifted away from the blurry leather thong of the slingshot to the android that dangled like the rod of a wind chime in the torrent of air.  The droid swiveled its metal head around so that its man-made eyes looked into her own.  The roar of the escaping air drowned out everything that the droid might have been saying, but she imagined her uncle Rue was asking her what she was hesitating for.
"Nothing," she said to the android, and she pulled back on the rubber tubes, aiming the solder bullet at the head of the snarling wolf.  Just a yard away from her dangling feet, the werewolf swung its clawed hand like a scythe, narrowly missing the toes of her boots.  It was now or never.  She let go of the leather thong and the bullet, and the rubber straps rebounded; the tin-silver projectile sailed true and thwacked into the meaty flesh of the werewolf's face just below the right eye.  The werewolf's mouth opened silently in the growing vacuum, and it lashed out at her boots with its claws, clipping the sole of one shoe with its rigid claws.  She drew her foot back and aimed her boot at the fingers desperately holding the werewolf to the side of the wall.  The werewolf reared its other claw back to strike at her again, and Kerry slammed her foot down and smashed the werewolf's fingers into the crevice.  The joints of the werewolf’s claws gave way and loosened their tight hold in the crevice, and with a silent howl of anger, the werewolf was sucked down the corridor and out the open bay door by the pull of the vacuum.
Just like that, it seemed the nightmare was over.  Kerry relaxed her chest and let out a breath, which was a mistake because when she tried to inhale again, nothing seemed to be happening.  Then as if for the first time, she noticed the hazard sign blinking ‘Low Oxygen’ on the opposite wall.  There may have been an alarm sounding along with the blinking light, but it was impossible to hear since there was very little air left to carry the vibrations.
Fear of dying suddenly gripped her thoughts, and her eyes grew as large as dinner plates.  She regarded Rue, and she reached a hand out to him for help.  The lack of air was killing Kerry, but there was one good effect from the reduced pressure:  the wind from the suction had decreased to the point that the droid could get his wheels onto the floor with little effort.  It was up to him to save Kerry, if that was even possible at this stage of the game.
Rue didn’t have much time left, and he acted quickly.  He let go of the wall and rolled as fast as he could go down the corridor toward the door button, that singular mechanism which controlled his niece’s fate.  He went wide right to put as much distance as he could get between himself and the open doors, and then he used the remaining suction of the vacuum to drag his body past the doors and into the far side of the door frame.  He wasted no time slamming his hand into the button, closing the doors and busting the translucent plastic which covered the LED bulb beneath.
He had done it!  Then his audio sensors detected the ship’s air tanks slowly releasing compressed air back into the Green Dragon’s atmosphere.  There was no time to celebrate.  He raced back over to Kerry, who was laying on the cold floor tiles, and he noticed there was a drastic change in the color of her lips.  They were ice blue, and quickly, the droid activated the temperature sensor circuit within his chest.  It was minus 10 Celsius, not a good temperature at all for a human to be exposed to for very long without heavy clothing.  Worse, she wasn’t breathing, and with the lack of oxygen she had in her lungs, keeping her body chilled until he could get her breathing again was preferable.  He just needed to hurry up and get her breathing again before she froze to death.
But how was he going to do that?  He couldn’t give her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation because he didn’t have lungs, and he didn’t have a mouth.  There had to be some way to save her.  He looked all around him for ideas, and he noticed an emergency box on the wall with a breakable glass window.  It was situated right next to a defibrilator.  The painted words across the glass read, ‘Break in Case of Emergency’, and there was a first aid kit, fire extinguisher, and a fat plastic tube with a face mask attached to the end.  That last item was precisely what the droid needed.  He broke the glass with his mechanical hand and took out the plastic tube.  He squeezed it once as gently as he could and crushed the flexible tube in the center.  There had still been air trapped inside, and he suddenly felt stupid for wasting it, because it took another couple of minutes before the air pressure increased enough inside the ship to re-inflate the tube.  Yet the tube did expand with air, and as soon as it did, he wasted no time in covering Kerry’s mouth with the face mask and forcing air into her lungs.  Five times he did this, and still she wasn’t breathing on her own.  He didn’t let that stop him.
“Come on, come on,” he said.  Then he kept right on pushing as much air into her lungs as she could take.  Her chest rose and fell with each press, but somehow, she wasn’t jumpstarting.  He looked over at the defibrilator and knew that was what he needed, and so he dropped the tube and face mask and yanked the defibrilator off the wall.  He followed the directions and placed the pads beneath her shirt on her bare chest, and then he applied the pulse.  Her body jumped, and he quickly laid the defibrilator to the side and put the face mask back on to pump air into her lungs.  A few seconds later, she was coughing and sputtering, pushing him away and trying to roll over onto her stomach.
“What . . . what did you do to me?” she said in little more than a whisper.  The air pressure inside the corridor had returned to normal, and the sound of her voice carried quite well.
“You lost your breath, and you were dying.  Or dead,” the android said.
Kerry rolled over onto her back and looked up at him from the floor.  “I was dead.  I think I saw my mother,” she said, and her eyes were wet with tears that frosted on her eyelashes.  “It was so peaceful, but now it’s all starting to fade into the grey of these walls.”
Rue held out a small metal hand.  “Don’t be afraid.  Everything’s going to be all right.  Let me help you up,” he said, and she reached out and took his hand.  When she stood, she looked down on the android.
“Rue.  I saw you in my dreams, too, and you said the same thing to me then.  That everything would be all right,” Kerry explained, and the droid tilted his head to the side like a real person would.  There were no facial expressions he could make as an android, but the familiar head and body movements, those were genuine.  Those were Rue’s.
“What was it I . . . what was it your uncle said?”
“You told me, ‘Don’t be afraid.  Everything’s going to be all right.’  And I believed you then, and I believe you now,” she said and bent down to hug the small repair droid.  The droid was cold and steady for a moment, but then he returned the hug as best he could with the constructed mechanical hands that he had been given.  His body smelled of oil, bearing grease, metal, and hot ozone, but the hug he returned was one just like her uncle would have given her, and she was all the better for it.  She held him for longer than usual, and when she pushed away from him, there was peace in her face that he hadn’t seen before.  “Now, explain to me why we weren’t sucked out into deep space.”
Rue gave her the short version of what had happened after she had shot the werewolf and stomped its claw.  Then he showed her the first aid tools he had used to resuscitate her, and she smiled again.
“Thank you for saving my life,” she said.  Then she turned around and looked into the open docking bay.  There were no bodies floating around inside, because everything that would fit through the ports was sucked out with the wind.  A sadness once again came over her.  Josh, her friend and neighbor, had sacrificed himself to save them both, and she leaned against the glass and spread out both of her hands so that her fingers were splayed flat against the pane.  She said a prayer for him and knelt her head down for a moment in silence.  When it was over, she took her hands off the glass and quietly combed her hair into a braid with her fingers.  A chill like she had never before felt swept across the outside of her body, making goosebumps rise up on her skin.  She was not done with this universe, and she didn’t want to let Josh’s final sacrifice lose any of its value.  “Josh took care of the two werewolves, but there’s also that alien on board the ship with the death ray, holding the captain hostage.  What are we going to do about that?”
Rue’s optical sensors flickered, but he had no advice.
“Come on.  Let’s finish this,” she told Rue and picked up the slingshot she had dropped onto the floor.  She still had her apron on, and she reached her hand into the pocket to feel for a pellet.  There were plenty left, and she loaded one into the leather thong of the slingshot.  She walked up the corridor toward the control room with Rue following along beside her.
“What’s your plan?” he asked.
She laughed.  “I wish I had one.  If we have to die out here, I want to pay M’lalla back for what she did to the Green Dragon.”
“She has a weapon that can kill you with one shot,” Rue reminded her.
“So do I,” Kerry said and held up the handmade slingshot.
**********
An alarm was beeping on the control panel.  M’lalla watched Cribbs hit the button to close the open door to the docking bay without much success, and she felt the air pressure dropping in the control room.  If she had been in her right mind, maybe she would have cared, but the signs of her gradual transformation were all over her face now.  She was becoming a werewolf in appearance, if not also in mind, and a scary one at that.  Cribbs was tempted to look at her, but he was afraid to turn around and make eye contact with the creature that stood watch behind him.  Instead of taking a peek, Cribbs focused straight ahead on the window.
“What has she become now?” he thought.  “Some kind of weird, nightmarish monster?  I can’t look,” he told himself and resisted the growing urge.  He had input the coordinates, and all he had to do was just keep flying to the silver planet on the three-dimensional map like she had told him before.  The oxygen was getting low in the room though, and if he didn’t act fast, he was going to die from lack of air.  He accessed ORC and hit the hall door control switch.  That door wasn’t the culprit of the leak, but it was the next one upstream, and the door closed and sealed off the section of the hallway outside of the control room.  Then he closed the dampers on the HVAC system so that he didn’t pump out all of the remaining air into the leaking portion of the ship.
“There,” he said.  It was going to get cold everywhere on the ship, but he believed he was the only person left and his survival depended on it.  M’lalla made a dog-like whimper in her throat at the sound of the door closing, and he wanted to look at her face again, but he knew he shouldn’t.  Another minute passed, and M’lalla whimpered and panted even more.  It could mean death for him, but Cribbs’ curiosity got the better of him.  He chanced a look over his shoulder at her profile, and what he saw frightened him in ways he couldn’t easily describe.  M’lalla’s face had become every bit as canine as the other werewolf, only twice as large.  Her nose and mouth had grown outward like a canine’s, her teeth had elongated into fangs, and slobber dripped from her lower jaw.
“Oh boy,” he thought as he gulped once in involuntary fear.  M’lalla must have heard his Adam’s apple moving up and down because she turned her head around quickly.  He whipped his head back to look at the control panel, hoping she hadn’t caught him gawking at her.  She growled deep in her throat, and he wished he hadn’t let his curiosity push him to look at her.  His subconscious was now telling him that if he hadn’t made eye contact with her, everything would have been just fine.  He didn’t really believe it, but he had to tell himself something in order to keep calm.  He recalled the werewolf that had sniffed him out in Room 8-5-12-12, and he remembered how he had felt then.  Cold and afraid.  This time though, there was no metal door separating him from the werewolf.  There were only inches of air, and as he listened, he realized the panting had stopped.  Her snout crept in by the back of his head and sniffed the collar of his shirt.
“Don’t move,” he reassured himself.  Growling sounds crept up from deep in her throat, and he felt the heat of her breath huffing on his skin.  The hairs on the back of his neck stood up, and a chill went down his spine.  He closed his eyes and prayed that if he had to die, please let it be quick.  His palms began to sweat as he thought of those long yellow teeth sinking into his soft flesh.  He was afraid for his life like he had never been before, and he wished he could get up and run away, to flee to some hidden compartment in the ship and wait for the final crash landing on the silver planet that was surely coming.
Cribbs tried to pick up a foot, but his body was frozen in fear.  Instead of running, he was paralyzed in his captain’s chair.  He heard her jaws creak open, heard the sound of her hot, wet breath grow in his ears as her mouth opened wide, and his fingers began to tap nervously on the control board in anticipation.  He opened his eyes to see the last bit of this universe before he went to the next, and he caught the blinking green light on the view screen.  Someone had shut off the air leak at the docking bay.  The green light was saying that air pressure had stabilized.  Just as the werewolf’s hot breath was closing around his neck, just as M’lalla was going to rend his head from his body, there was a banging of fists on the hallway door that he had just closed.
“Great.  Another werewolf,” he told himself.  Cribbs couldn’t move to save his own life, but his fingers found the courage to hit the switch and open the door.  If it was a werewolf he was letting in, what did it really matter?  Perhaps they would attack each other.  Then he closed his eyes and waited for the inevitable.  He waited, but it didn’t come.  M’lalla whimpered again in her throat, and the hot breath from around his neck disappeared as the werewolf turned from him and hunkered down on all fours.  She had sat the death ray down, and she was ready to lunge, to use her fangs as the deadly weapon instead.
“Captain Cribbs!” shouted a familiar voice.  It was the girl.  She had made it back alive!  He peeked around, and his eyes shifted down on M’lalla.  His fear evaporated, and he suddenly became angry about what he knew was getting ready to happen.  No matter how afraid he was, he couldn’t let the werewolf ambush the girl.
“Run, Kerry!” he yelled.
“Why?” Kerry said innocently, and he expected to see her face pop out from around the corner at any second, but she didn’t.  M’lalla crept toward the damaged door to the control room, a mangled mess made by Dr. Skoll’s werewolf, and Cribbs felt the adrenaline about to burst out of the veins in his head.
“The wolf is coming for you!” he shouted.  He expected the werewolf to turn on him, but M’lalla never gave him a second look.  She must have believed he was dead meat anyways, so she steadily crawled toward the door.
“But I’m so cold, Captain.  And I’m so alone,” the girl said in a sad voice.  M’lalla seized on the weakness she heard in the little girl’s speech, and the werewolf who was dressed in a full spacesuit began to growl.
“Run!” Cribbs shouted as he picked up the death ray that M’lalla had dropped.  The werewolf swiveled her head toward him when she heard his movements, and she snarled viciously at him.  She could kill him in an instant, but their eyes locked on one another.  There was a calm, calculating intelligence behind those untamable irises, and he raised the death ray between them, the barrel aimed on the tip of her nose.  They stared at each other, and neither one flinched.  M’lalla, because she was fearless; Marcus Cribbs, because he was paralyzed with fear.  She smelled the fear radiating from his body, and her lower jaw dropped to reveal the yellow of her teeth.  The gun in Cribbs’ hands trembled.  She saw it, and she inched one paw closer.  She had him dead to rights, and she knew it.
In that moment, Cribbs’ mind was transported to what his father had told him on the hunt many years before when he was a child.
“Animals have a greater sense of smell than we do, and they can pick up on our body odor without us even knowing it.”
If what his father had told him was true, then he needed to shelter his fear for the moment and let his anger take over.  He steadied his hands and lowered his forehead until his eyes were a dark line of determination.  Then he allowed a rumble to rise from his diaphragm and up into his throat.  A deep growl escaped his own lips, and his finger pressed against the trigger so that he was ready to fire.  The werewolf and the captain of the Green Dragon stood opposite from one another, locked in a battle of wills.  He didn’t think he could win an unarmed duel with the werewolf, but he had the advantage.  He had M’lalla’s favorite weapon, and he believed he could blow her head off before she could reach him.  She sniffed the scent that wafted through the air, and she growled and barked at him, but her eyes gave her away.  His posture had changed, and with that, his confidence.  Believing in himself had made all the difference.  Reflected in the werewolf’s eyes, he saw the recognition of his strength combined with the weapon’s power, and she broke the gaze.  The showdown was over, and her eyes told the story.
“Captain, won’t you help me?  Please,” came the girl’s soft words from the corridor.  The werewolf flicked her head around to the control room door, and she bolted out the door and into the corridor.  Cribbs fought back the desire to fire the weapon for fear of blowing a hole in the ship that he couldn’t repair.  M’lalla hadn’t given up on feeding, and she meant to find the easy prey of a child, but when she lunged out into the cold metal corridor, what she discovered was something quite different.  She found a young woman brandishing a slingshot with the leather thong pulled back to her ear, the rubber tubes stretched thin and tight.
“This is for Patsy, you bitch,” Kerry said and let the solder pellet fly.  The tin-silver bullet thumped M’lalla in the chest, right in the wound where the claw marks had dug into her spacesuit, burying itself deep in the alien’s skin.  The Lofindran werewolf skidded into the wall and howled at the ceiling.  Kerry made tracks and ran down the long corridor toward the door to the docking bay.  “I did just like you taught me back home,” she said to the android.
“Aim for the body, the biggest target,” the droid replied.  It was exactly what Rue had shown her.  Then she noticed that the droid couldn’t keep up with her frantic pace, and she reached her hand out to take his and dragged him as fast as she could move.  “My batteries are almost depleted,” he said.
“We’re going to make it,” she reassured him, but when she looked behind, the werewolf was only trotting to keep up with them.  M’lalla was toying with them, teasing her prey before she pounced on them.
“You will, yes.  But there is no hope for me,” Rue said.  There was no emotion in the voice, only the cold, hard truth.  Then they came around a corner to the interior seal, and it was closed.  “I spoke too soon.”
**********
When the Lofindran werewolf scampered out of the control room, Cribbs found himself torn between chasing the creature or steering the ship.  Then he remembered that he had secured one of the doors to save air.  He checked the indicators, and he found that the pressure in the docking bays had been restored.  The kid must have gotten the exit to the docking bays closed, and then she must have made her way back up the corridor past the interior seal door which he had locked.
“Helluva kid, but she’s going to be trapped,” he said to himself.  Then he opened the interior seal again so that she would have free reign of the ship.  She was going to need it.
**********
“Hide,” the droid said as he tried to find a mechanism to unlock the seal.  “It can’t hurt me.  My body died many days ago, and this metal shell of memories will soon follow.”
“I’m not going to let that happen,” she said, and she felt her heart tearing apart even as they were running for their lives.
“You better load up,” Rue told her.  He searched but couldn’t find the release for the seal.  He rolled away from the door and looked it over.  There was no button to push.  They were trapped.  The werewolf came around the corner, and Kerry unleashed a solder bullet and missed.  Then the door magically opened without any explanation.  Kerry rushed through, going past the robot.  Then she turned and went back.
“What are you waiting for?!” she yelled at him.  Rue didn’t move fast enough, so she grabbed his hand.  Together, they wound around the bend and through the labyrinth that was the Green Dragon.  They were the first to make it to the docking bay.  “I’m not going to let you go.  You’re going to get recharged,” she insisted as she wrapped the fabric harness attached to the wall around her waist.  Rue made no effort to reply while he clipped on the safety belt and waited to push the button.  They waited, and they waited, but M’lalla didn’t come around the corner.  Something was wrong.
“Where is she?” Rue asked, and Kerry shrugged her shoulders.  Seconds turned into minutes, and then a shadow lingered by the last turn.
Kerry whistled a call.  “Come on, girl.  Come and get it,” she said, and the shadow grew darker and moved closer to the corner.  The Lofindran werewolf, the nastiest one of them all, finally came into view.  She was on all fours, and there was a cable attached to the tool belt around her waist.  “Seriously?  She strapped herself in.  I thought this was going to be easy.”
“That was unexpected.  I don’t know if we can pull that trick again with the door,” Rue said.
“What?!  We can’t change the plan now,” Kerry argued.
“Well, she’s got a cable to secure herself inside the ship, and she might actually be in a better position than we are.  I don’t have another plan, do you?” Rue asked as M’lalla crept toward them, growling with every step.
“Dang,” she said, realizing they may have reached the end of the line.
“You still have those silver pellets and a slingshot,” Rue reminded her, and she loaded the leather thong and pulled back on the rubber straps.  She let it go and fired a round at the werewolf, and she clipped M’lalla’s front leg.  The werewolf staggered backward and whimpered for a second, and then she howled at the ceiling.  Kerry turned and looked out of the bay doors of the ship, and she saw a light-colored planet growing very large outside of the docking bay doors.
“It’s a huge ball of solder,” Kerry said.
“That planet looks like it’s made mostly of silver,” Rue corrected her, but she was more right than wrong.  The planet was almost exclusively solid silver with veins of iron embedded in the outer crust.  At first, they were both glad for it until they realized that the ship was heading straight for the planet without any indication of slowing down.  More pressing at the moment, they had the werewolf to worry about, and M’lalla was halfway to them with plenty of length of rope to go.  Rue wheeled his body between M’lalla and Kerry, and he crouched down like the tiniest center of a football team.  M’lalla stopped in her tracks and bared her fangs at the droid.  Rue stayed steady and held his ground.  “You can’t have her,” he said.  M’lalla’s mouth widened into a toothy grin, and she barked her reply.
Then her ears perked up, and she backed up against the wall and let her eyes drift behind her.  She heard something, and her growl changed direction and was aimed toward the control room.  From around the corner, Captain Cribbs marched into view with the death ray clutched in his hands.  M’lalla barked at him, and Cribbs lowered the weapon with the barrel facing her.
“Bite me,” he said, and without hesitation this time, he fired.  The hallway flashed with brilliant light, and the shock wave threw Kerry off her feet.  For several seconds, she could see nothing but the flash burn, and when she finished rubbing her eyes, she saw the Lofindran werewolf’s body lying on the floor by Rue’s side.  Neither the droid nor the werewolf was moving.
“You could have killed us all!” she yelled up the smoky corridor to the captain.  Then the werewolf’s arm flinched, and the creature propped itself up on its front paws.  “Oh, no,” she said to herself as the alien werewolf stumbled to its feet.  More smoke cleared, and she could see the surprise lingering on Cribbs’ face.  The captain looked down at the gun and checked the settings.
“That blast should have blown her to bits,” Cribbs insisted, but the reality was different.  The Lofindran werewolf stood tall and licked her paws where the blast had singed the fur.  One arm was mangled, but otherwise, she was unscathed.  Kerry noticed that the rope around M’lalla’s waist was torn in two, and she propped herself up and strained her leg muscles to get to her feet.  With the proximity to the silver planet, she was beginning to feel the effects of real gravity.  The werewolf caught her movement out of the corner of an eye.  Kerry didn’t care, and she crept over to the door control anyway.  The time for fear was almost over, and she placed her hand on the button.
“We’re sending you home,” the young woman said to the monster.  Cribbs couldn’t help but grin at the girl’s grit; his opinion of her had changed drastically since their first meeting, yet her words worried him.
“Don’t do it, Kerry.  We’ll get sucked out,” Cribbs warned, and he grabbed a handle on the wall just in case she didn’t listen to him.  He saw the determination in her eyes, and he knew she wasn’t bluffing.
“Pispisza,” Rue said.  The droid was damaged, and his body was smoldering as he laid there on the floor, but he managed to say one last thing.  “Do it.”
“Cheap comes as cheap goes,” Kerry said to the Lofindran werewolf and hit the button.  The sliding door opened, and the vacuum reached through the bay and grabbed the atmosphere of the ship and turned it inside out.  The werewolf clawed the floor, but the suction pulled her with it toward the door.  Kerry went out ten feet into the bay until the rope pulled tight and held her in suspension.  Cribbs held onto the handle in the wall, and he gritted his teeth in pain.  Rue extended one of his metal hands and caught the door frame before he was pulled out with Kerry.  The teenager had created havoc with the simple push of a button, and she knew she was going to die just like Josh for that decision, but she had the rope to hold on to.  When she looked up through the door at her own rope, she saw the werewolf’s body hurtling straight at her like a meteor.  She swung to the side, but the werewolf reached out a desperate claw from the one good arm she still had and wrapped its fingers around Kerry’s ankle.  Her ankle popped, and the sudden pain was almost unbearable.  Kerry dared not to look down at her twisted foot, but she had to act fast.  She tried to kick the werewolf’s claw that was wrapped around her ankle, and she stomped repeatedly, but she couldn’t get enough momentum to hurt the werewolf.  M’lalla, or the thing that had been the Lofindran, was not going to let go for any reason, and Kerry knew it.  Wolves, she had found, were relentless so why should this one be any different.
She felt a tug on the rope, and she strained to look up toward the door.  To her surprise, Rue had propped his body up against the wall and was straining to drag her rope toward himself.  The droid popped out two wheels from his chest, and he wrapped the rope into the assembly.  Then one of the wheels began to turn under the power of a motor in his chest.  The motor towed the rope into the ship.  Soon, Kerry’s upper body was through the door, with only her lower body outside.
M’lalla had been patient and saw her chance.  She tried to get a better hold on Kerry, but the werewolf only had the use of one good arm as a result of Cribbs’ death ray blast.  Still yet, M’lalla wasn’t letting go, and as long as that was the case, Kerry was never getting back inside the ship to close the door.  Kerry dragged her free leg up onto the door frame and shook her other leg again to try to get the werewolf to let go, but there was no hope for it.  A last desperate thought of severing the rope came to mind, and she looked up at the droid that had pulled her back inside.  Rue must have known what she intended because he took the spare length of rope, tied it around a handle in the wall, and then climbed over Kerry’s body and down her leg.
“What are you doing?!!!” she wanted to scream, but her lips moved without making a sound.  She had no air left in her lungs, and her chest was aching from trying to pull in oxygen from a vacuum.  She hadn’t passed out yet, but she was close, and so she looked down through the glass to see Rue standing on the werewolf’s head and reaching his hands around the werewolf’s fingers.  The claws were the only thing holding the werewolf to Kerry’s ankle, and in that last tragic moment that would forever play in Kerry’s mind, Rue ripped the werewolf’s hand loose from Kerry’s foot.  The silver planet’s gravity didn’t discriminate between flesh and metal, and M’lalla and the droid both fell away toward the planet’s surface.  With the last bit of consciousness she had left in her, Kerry dragged her body inside onto the glass and hit the button for the door to close.  From a safe distance, she watched M’lalla and the android hurtle toward the silver planet, catching fire as their bodies entered the thin atmosphere of the planet.
“Rue,” she whispered to the glass as the android and the werewolf flashed like a meteor across the silver planet’s sky.  Sadly, her uncle’s search for treasure had taken his life from him.
Kerry couldn’t say the same for the Lofindran werewolf.  She doubted the fire could destroy the creature, and she even doubted that the impact with the surface of the planet would do the trick.  But even if the fire and the subsequent impact with the planet didn’t destroy the virus inside the Lofindran’s body, silver was the fabled bane of all werewolves.  She had to hope that the legends in the books and the movies were all true, that silver itself would be enough to end the creature’s existence and bring that part of her own adventure to a close.
With her face against the glass, she closed her eyes, and the universe around her drifted into black.

**********
When Kerry finally woke up, she found herself still laying on the floor by the door she had closed, and her cheek was pressed against the cold glass outside of the docking bay.  The giant ball of silver was still in view but was much farther out in the distance.  They were heading away from the planet, but where were they going?  And more importantly, why was she still alive?
She propped herself up with both of her hands, and she leaned her head against the glass, looking out into space.  She couldn’t see the werewolves anymore, and that was great, but both of her friends were gone.  She started to cry, and she let the tears come for as long as they would.  Ten minutes later, the wave of sorrow had begun to ease.  The groundswell of sadness had been poured out of her for the moment, and she stood up and walked down the corridor toward the control room.  When she had first awoken and recalled her loss, she hadn’t wanted to live.  She had even thought about opening the bay door and joining her loved ones out in space, but now that the tears were all pressed out of her, she decided that living was all she had left.  Josh and Rue had paid a heavy price to save her life, and it would be a crime to throw their sacrifice away so selfishly.  She couldn’t let their deaths have no meaning, so she would soldier on, one step at a time.
Kerry stared down at her feet as she limped.  Most of her weight was on one foot.  “Artificial gravity has been restored,” she thought to herself, and she wiped her wet face with her shirt.  When she looked up, she found that she had limped a very long distance without noticing, and she was standing outside of the control room.  Somehow her feet had brought her there without her sparing a thought as to her direction.  She peeked inside, half-expecting to find a werewolf flying the ship, but instead, she saw Captain Cribbs navigating the Green Dragon.  He didn’t hear her come in, or at least he didn’t pay attention to her.  He seemed to be busy pressing buttons, reading screens, and looking over charts.  She entered the room and plopped down in a chair next to him.  He looked over at her and smiled.
“Hey, there,” he said.
“Where are we?”
“That’s an excellent question, and it’s one that I can’t answer.”
“Oh,” she replied, stung a little by his answer.
“It isn’t what you think,” Cribbs said reassuringly.  “Actually, I really don’t know where we are in relation to the known galaxies.  We’re somewhere off the charts,” he explained and sat back in his chair.  “It’s all new territory for me.”
Kerry didn’t say anything, but she didn’t look as hurt as she had before.
“I’m sorry about what happened out there.  I’m sad to say that we’re the only two people left on the ship,” he said, and he bottled up the rest of what he could have said.  Kerry remembered that he had lost his friends from all that had happened, and she nodded.
“It’ll be okay.”
“You sure?”
She nodded again.
“Let me show you what I’m looking at,” Cribbs said and pointed at a ball of light on one of the scanners.  “This is a planet with water and atmosphere similar to Earth.  It’s a real rarity, but it’s there, and we’re going to take advantage of it.”
She leaned forward and put her elbows on the workbench.  “Will we be able to go back home?”
He hesitated before he answered.  “Maybe not for a while.  Maybe not at all.  If I could be totally honest with you, and I feel that I should, I can’t find the beacons I placed out in deep space.”
“What does that mean?”
“Well, it means something must have happened to the markers on this side.  We’re lost,” he said, and Kerry’s heart sank once again.  Even though they didn’t always get along, she missed her sister Abby.  “But we’re alive and in good company, and that’s really what’s important,” Cribbs said and went back to navigating.  He thought of drinking a glass of Snailian vodka in Rue’s name, but the only crew member left was too young for spirits and that might have to wait until he was alone.
Kerry sat back in the chair.  “What day is it on the calendar?”
“February 25,” he replied, and she sighed.  “What’s wrong?”
“It’s just . . . it’s a whole ten months until Christmas,” she said.  “What am I going to do for the next three hundred and three days?”
Cribbs considered telling her that they might not survive until Christmas, but that would be cruel to steal her hope that way.  He didn’t want to do that to the girl that he had found to be so remarkable.  He had to think of something else for her to do, something useful but time consuming.  “Why don’t you write a journal?” he suggested, and he handed her a stylus and an empty electronic notepad.
She frowned, but she picked up the stylus and doodled with it on the screen.  “I could try, maybe when I wake up tomorrow morning.  I think I know where to begin,” she said and jotted down a few words as a start.
“Let me tell you our story . . .”


Epilogue
*
Abby sat inside her home and stared blankly at the stone fireplace.  It was late winter in the Badlands, snow was piled up on the green grass, and she was alone.  She had a half-empty bottle of hard cider in one hand, and a police report in the other.  She lifted the bottle to her lips and drank the rest without a pause as the salt marks from her dried tears glistened by the firelight.  When she finished the cider, she tossed the empty bottle into the fire.  The glass busted into large brown shards in the flames, and the wrapper burned to ash in a bright yellow wisp.
Abby belched heartily, a good sign for a person with such bad news hanging over her head, and she lifted the report to her face again.  The details were all there, just no body.  Or bodies, as it were.  The same night that Kerry had drove off in the Jeep, which she knew was true because she had found the fallen sticky note under the fridge saying just as much, Joshua Hawkins, their nearest neighbor, had mysteriously disappeared.  Various sightings had placed the two on a flight to the moon, and then after that, they were gone.  Maybe they had gone to meet her uncle, maybe they hadn’t, but no one could seem to find the Green Dragon or her captain, Marcus Cribbs.
She crumpled the police report up in her hands, and she fought off the urge to throw it into the fire with the worthless empty bottle, but something inside her stopped her from doing so.  It could have been the fear of letting go, or maybe the fear of acceptance that her sister was never coming back home.  Whichever, she didn’t want to give up hope just yet.
Then a howl traveled across the quiet plains and into the calm of her empty nest, and Abby turned her head to look out the nearest window.  Another howl answered the first, and she stumbled over to the window and stared out into the moonlit night.  There was nothing to see, no movement, no footprints in the snow.  She looked to the edge of the plain, and directly beneath the moon, three hundred yards out was something casting a shadow.  Her mind was slowed by the buzz of the alcohol, but she waited patiently for another minute until a baying reply resonated over the soft white snow.  The howl came as expected, and the thing on the edge of the horizon seemed to move, every once in a while stopping to look all around and listen.  At two hundred yards, she could tell that it was a dog of some kind, its ears perked up and listening.
“A wolf,” she said to herself.  The wolf trotted toward the house, one hundred fifty yards, one hundred yards, and when it was a hundred feet away, it stopped and lowered its head to stare at her through the protection of the glass.  “Now, that’s odd.  Why would a wolf come this close to the house?”

A howl came from behind the house, and she heard the scratching of claws on the wooden back door.  She took an old shotgun down from above the hot fireplace, and she started to go to the back of the house to get the box of shells, but her instincts told her not to leave the room.  Instead, she glanced at herself in the mirror on the wall and caught a glimpse of something she hadn’t seen there before.  Grey hair had covered the skin on her face.
“It can’t be,” she told herself.  After all, she had been drinking that night, so maybe she was just imagining it.  She placed a hand on her face, and she felt the soft fur on her cheekbones.  She had suffered some weird effects from drinking before, but no amount of alcohol had ever made her fingertips feel fuzzy.  Panicked, she whipped her head around to look at the front window, and she saw the ice-cold blue eyes staring at her from just outside the glass.  The heat of its breath was steaming up the window.
Abby tried to scream, but what came out of her mouth was a howl.
###


Lofindran Language

Lofindran language
N’dea – eye
L’pemanica – diseased
L’Pemanica N’Dea – Milky Way or diseased eye
F’Eymond – pirate
W’Muck – human
Lofindra – their homeworld
P’owagonna – handheld grenade
L’matra – outer space
B’haha – firework
B’owate – light
W’compa – organic
E’canahan – fur
O’pake – silicon
N’dun – iron
M’hababa – death
y’min- to
k’han – your
j’ung – kind; type
U’pogner – mercy
Loffies – male Lofindrans
H’Tumbwa – galaxy
G’Jebussies – smugglers
Y’Nowbers – murderers
K’put – fart
J’mota – idiots; j’mot is the singular version of the word.
U’huthru – shaman of M’lalla’s tribe
J’babba – elder
K’prajer – nightmare
H’manchez – swear word for feces



About the Author
Christopher D. Carter is an engineer by day, and transforms into a writer and artist by night.  He lives with his wife and cats in central North Carolina.
