Aquari
By DD White
Copyright 2013  Smashwords Edition



Contents:  Chapters


Chapter 1 Journey to Goag Ralus:
Chapter 2 Ploabot and Hanson:
Chapter 3 Aquari Arrives At Goag Ralus:
Chapter 4 Eistia the Investigator:
Chapter 5 Aquari Departs Goag Ralus:
Chapter 6 Eromot and Morgamor:
Chapter 7 Svetat and The Multidimensional Ring:
Chapter 8 The Death of Hanson:
Chapter 9 The Coming of Aquari:
Chapter 10 Beataphoriah:
Chapter 11 Aquari and the Devasuras:
Chapter 12 The Urania Nebula Event:
Glossary of Alien Words:

Contents:  Illustrations

The Mighty Magphoreus:
Aquari and Turgis Reva:
Ploabot:
Aquari, Goag Ralus, Ralus Xnoga:
Eistia, Grega, and Morgamor:
Svetat and Nieniel Smoking Rompass:
Golimechoids:
Map of Urania:
Grulmagofs:
Veldada and the Ministry of Science:
Begalius as Doldoorman:
The Coming of Chronolus:
Aquari, Chronolus, and Saturlus:
Aquari, Beagud, and Deliadre:
The Three Ages of Magphoreus:

Aquari

Chapter 1:  Journey to Goag Ralus

Deep in the star abyss making up our galaxy, the fastest object ever known sped across the rift between the Orion and Carina galactic arms on his way to the galactic center.  That object is Aquari, usually appearing as a two-dimensional light circle made from pulsating colors and shapes.  It is widely believed amongst galactic physicists who have studied Aquari that he is a being only partly existing in our universe, which presents these two dimensions to our reality.  That allows Aquari now to travel 707.2 times light's speed through a kaleidoscopic passing star and nebulae show, a show Aquari has never tired of in all the many billion years of Aquari's known existence.  This galaxy, called Magphoreus in the galactic Nephaprican high-language, is understood by galactic cultures to have existed through three ages of development, each between 4 and 5 billion Earth years in length.
Aquari usually explored more with his travels through Magphoreus, which unfolded before him like an ever-unfolding fractal.  The great galaxy Magphoreus still offers never before seen discoveries and sights to Aquari after over 13 billion years continuously crossing this galaxy, 153,040 light-years from end to end.  
Aquari, at this point in time/space, is determined to get to the galactic core as fast as he can.  He seeks Goag Ralus in the galactic center.  That is an intelligence created by the Nephaprican Galactic Empire in the second age for Magphoreus.
Usually, a galactic civilization spreads slowly from star to star, only appearing rapid when viewed on a galactic time scale.  However, a time existed in the second age when Nephapricans spread their colonies with greater purpose and a determination to reach the very core for Magphoreus, rapidly spinning about the ultimate oblivion that is a supermassive black hole named Ralus Xnoga.  The Nephapricans created a life form to survive the more rapid and violent environment in the core.  They evolved this formula for life into an immortal individual with several solar masses in size now orbiting the galaxy's supermassive black hole.  The Nephapricans named this created being Goag Ralus.
The Carina nebulae 9,000 light-years from Earth entertains Aquari's view with a rainbow from gas and dust for a while before giving way to a less eventful view featuring passing stars continuously emerging from the depths in space.  Aquari allows his thoughts to drift on the events leading to this 42,073 light-year journey to the core.  
A journey that still will take almost 60 Earth years for the fastest object in the galaxy, Aquari.  Aquari visited a galactic Eagolim civilization, who were direct descendants from the Nephapricans 4 billion Earth years before.  The Eagolim remained behind after the remarkable disappearance of the Nephapricans in the second age for Magphoreus.  These Eagolim were cut off from Nephapricus in the 2nd age after the stars for the fabled star-doors Fedor and Gralga went nova.  The Eagolim migrate from habitable world to habitable world, spreading agriculture and architecture to sentient life forms they cultivate from domesticated species that happen to have the pentanthropomorphic DNA gene switches on.
Aquari visited his old friend Beagud the Eagolim, who currently resided on a planet where their subtle influence over the millennia had resulted in a pentanthropomorphic species finally shedding their fur coat once and for all, requiring clothing to stay warm.  When terrestrial organisms with sentience evolve into galactic life forms, they stop fitting into their terrestrial environments.  Evidence for not fitting in might be a lost fur coat, along with other evolutionary clues like requiring cooked food or displays in linguistic acrobatics that indicate a highly evolved brain.  That is when the species begins altering their terrestrial environment to make the environment adapt to their whims.  A species experiencing the nakedness from a lost fur coat is a sure sign the terrestrial species is, at last, becoming galactic.
Beagud had brought his fleet with fusion-powered warp, virtual-particle driven ships to this habitable planet to train a naked mammal in the shame required to operate clothing technologies and to put the fear of Ei into them.  Beagud embodied the blue-skinned humanoid appearance for an Eagolim, a proud descendent from the Nephapricans who, it is said, ruled most of the inner galaxy in the 2nd age to Magphoreus.  Beagud sat in the primary pilot's seat on the bridge in the main ship, which he landed in these desert sands on a world orbiting a star, very much like the star enjoyed by Earthlings.  Beagud had a hairless human appearance, very much like an Earthling, except he stood fourteen and a half feet tall, sporting a pale, even light-blue, skin tone.  He sat in his command chair, looking out on the agriculture project on this jewel for a planet.  He awaited a visit from the legendary light entity called Aquari.  
It had been a couple teks (+/-622 Earth years) since he last saw his glowing old friend Aquari, and he had news for the cosmic entity from most of that time.  The galactic year encompassed a very long time, but long times are what galactic organisms were evolved to adapt to.  Beagud had existed over 6000 Earth years old and would probably not live to ever see Aquari again.  Beagud looked out the observation portal at the jagged horizon to another world, producing another intelligent life specimen.  His bluish face cracked a slight smile from pride in his life's mission to be a force for life and good in the galaxy.  Beagud felt proud to be a loyal servant to the work from Goag Ralus, promoting the evolution for galactic life out from the life that sprouts in tiny habitable zone galactic oasis, like this planet he had found orbiting a passing star.
The ancient virtual-particle driven ship called "The Mynervood,” which Beagud inherited from his father, passed through the millennia had parked on a sandy plane to a tepid desert.  This had been a life-giving planet the Eagolim discovered during their wayfaring journey around the Orion arm in Magphoreus.  The Mynervood had flown the Eagolim across the voids in Magphoreus for over 4 billion Earth years.  Its pyramid shape towered over all the other fleet ships both in size and age.  Its ancient fusion warp virtual particle drive design would be vastly inferior to the fusion warp drives on other more sophisticated vessels in Beagud's fleet; however, the secret to the mammoth Mynervood's speed included its enormous mass.  The colossal size makes the virtual-particle drive more practical than trying to push a ship that size faster than light by just using a fusion-warp trick.  The sheer mass of the spaceship makes a virtual-particle drive only work better, producing, ultimately with constant acceleration, a faster than light situation.  Then a fusion-warp mechanism can then kick in to lift the vessel beyond this universe to keep the ship from destruction by its own impossible speed.  
Aquari had a warm affection for the sight of the familiar Mynervood.  So many things in this galaxy were so much more fleeting to an immortal entity like Aquari.  The Mynervood had the old Nephaprican quanta-fusion communication artifact built right into it when they first created this ship.  This had been the most impressive and cherished Nephaprican technology artifact.  Many Nephaprican technologies are unmatched to this very day in innovation and cleverness.  Also, like these communication devices, their remarkable technologies cannot be duplicated or replicated in the present age.
Aquari passed through the hull on the Mynervood to present his circular appearance in the bridge before Beagud's view, "Greetings Beagud, my old friend.” Aquari utilized his ability to produce audible language.  "The Eagolindi of the Vesta star system, where the great Orion galactic arm forks with the Sagittarius arm, sent me here to meet with you.  I've been told you want to operate the old quanta-fusion communicator for me."
Beagud, in his silent contemplation suddenly startled from his old memories about Aquari by the entity's actual appearance.  Aquari is a two-dimensional circle made from light that always presents two dimensions to all viewers regardless of their angle concerning other viewers.  This affects the viewer that leaves them wondering if Aquari exists outside or inside their own minds.  "Hello Aquari, always an honor to behold your presence.  I've been instructed, should I ever meet up with you again, to have you contact the Eigalli who live on Goag Ralus."
"Well, this can only be interesting.” Aquari shifted colors advertising a surprising interest.  "Any idea about the context for this message I'm about to receive?"
"It is a clue to the mystery, which you probably already anticipate it to be Aquari.  The Eigalli have been picking apart photons from the Orion galactic arm in an area that used to be our empire before we were run off by unseen forces over 2 million teks ago.  The Eigalli think they have now found the long-lost star-door Tze-Doldus.  Only you can go to the galaxy core and then to Tze-Doldus many teks before this ship will be anywhere near it."
The long-lost white dwarf star called Tze-Doldus had been a remnant of the legendary galactic empire called Nephapricus.  They spread their influence and likeness from one end on the inner galaxy to another because they had developed the most amazing star-powered time/space bending star-doors ever devised by terrestrials.  The quanta-fusion communicator became an offshoot technology made possible by this same time/space bending wormhole star-door technology.  To this day, in the third Magphoreus age, decedents from the Nephapricans still maintain these communicators that allow them to communicate anywhere in the galaxy where other devices like it also exist with the correct calibration.
Beagud activated the controls for the device that already had coordinates set to establish communication with others living over 30,000 light-years away.  The holographic image featuring another descendant from Nephapricans appeared on the contact device.  
"Greetings Deliadre, it is Beagud.  I now have Aquari waiting to be your audience.  He has been told that you found Tze-Doldus.”  Beagud and Aquari waited in the uneasy silence from the twenty-second delay, which accompanied this highly advanced communication device.
Deliadre had been standing before the quanta-fusion communicator for several minutes since Beagud first made contact, announcing that Aquari would soon be in touch with her.  She had an astonishing discovery to convey to her galaxy exploring photonic friend.  
She wanted to use it to bring Aquari here after all these teks.  Goag Ralus longed to see Its long gone friend and hear Aquari bear the terrestrial life tidings that live so far away from conditions in the core.  The galaxy's center consisted of 150 globular clusters spinning about the galactic core out from the dark dust clouds and gas along a field rapidly stirred like a star soup that violently turned ancient stars into planetary nebulae as they ripened with age.
"Hello, Deliadre.  It is Beagud.  I now have Aquari waiting to be your audience.  He has been told that you found Tze-Doldus."
Thirty thousand light-years away, Beagud and Aquari appeared before Deliadre as holographic projections.  Deliadre could be classified as also a descendent from Nephapricans like Beagud.  However, she stood only eight-foot four inches with her hairless human form, and nearly a foot on that had evolved into an extra skull above her human-like head housing a different brain evolved to adapt to Goag Ralus.  Her skin also showed a much darker blue tone than the Eagolim Beagud.  This extra brain also allowed her to speak in lights and shapes similar to Aquari's mood-ring-like form.  "Thank you, Beagud.  I will now address Aquari in my higher language."
Deliadre began speaking to Aquari in lights and shapes.  When her audible message finally arrived, Beagud did not appear at all left out by this.  Although he could not speak the language with lights and shapes, he had long since learned how to read it, and if he had anything to say, he could certainly still be heard.  "I have great news uncovered by our studies about the electromagnetic spectrum in the Orion arm where the last remnant to the Tze branch of Nephapricus was destroyed.  You will just have to return to Goag Ralus to behold this."
Aquari did not recognize this woman of Eigalli descent with skin looking a much darker ultramarine than lighter blue Eagolim like Beagud.  Extra skin pigments protected Deliadre from the harsh radiation in the galactic core.  "I do not recognize you.  Where is Nieniel?” Aquari continued to ponder her alien form while awaiting a reply.  The uneasy seconds ticked away.
"Nieniel was my mother, Aquari.  It is said the Eigalli live 30 teks, and never 31.”  (That's the same as saying "9,330 Earth years and never more than 9,641.)  "I am Nieniel's daughter Deliadre.  I remember you from your last visit here.”  She stopped the light show to await Aquari's response.
"Oh, of course!  Little Deliadre!  How quickly terrestrial life forms grow old and pass away on me.”  Beagud perceived this typically insensitive response from Aquari and began thinking that he would never see Aquari again one day.  He needed to cultivate a similar friendship between Aquari and his heir and child, who had been deliberately also named Beagud the 32nd to facilitate that aim.  Although the quanta-fusion communicator could reach that remote part of the galaxy faster than Aquari ever could, Aquari possessed wisdom and abilities far dwarfing any Eagolim technology.  Beagud remembered his ancestors, the great Nephapricans.  Aquari actually knew them and talked with them, allowing them to record studies about Aquari still found in the Eigalli data banks today.  
Aquari's nature could be said to be genuinely godlike, with a long valuable history that goes back as far as history's eye can see.
Aquari continued, "I am told that you have found the long-lost star-door Tze-Doldus.” Aquari then ended his broadcast with colors and shapes.  The 20 or so seconds in lag for her to receive and then respond started.
"We definitely have located Tze-Doldus, and have discovered that life has evolved again to sentience on the planet Tze-Doldus-2.  These aliens have begun electromagnetic communications and entertainment that is included with the photons from that location.  We have learned that these primitive terrestrial life forms have discovered the star-door structure that is still intact on the planet's north pole.”  She wanted to continue, overwhelmed by her own excitement about this discovery, but Deliadre knew it became time to stop and let Aquari absorb this information.
The information amazed the cosmic being Aquari as much as it had Beagud, who also had long-sought information on the legendary Tze-Doldus himself as a life's quest to solve the mystery to the seven lost star-doors that disappeared with the ancient Nephapricans.  Needless to say, before hearing this news, Deliadre had already convinced Aquari that he had become long over-due for a visit to Goag Ralus who always missed Aquari like a best friend.  They shared a friendship that could not be replaced.  Across the ages, many fleeting mortal races of individuals similar to the Eigalli have sought out Goag Ralus.  Over the millennia, they live on Its surface, where Goag Ralus provides them atmosphere and lovingly adjusts their gravity.

Those were the events that began Aquari's forty-two Earth-year-long journey to the Magphoreus core.  He departed Beagud with apologies for the short visit and promised to return.  
Aquari had a last look at the hairless rodent-like creatures working dirt fields in crude clothing with their simple tools, making irrigation ditches that stretched into the dry sands on the sandy planet.  In the distance, giant alien ships oversaw the hairless natives like enormous titans that demanded obedience in the way they disfigured the horizon.  Compliance would be obtained by fear from these little creatures.  They were scared little rodents that were just barely intelligent enough to obey a god.
That had become the formula Aquari watched the Eagolim use for spreading higher evolution to different planets occupied by everything from hairless mammals to anthropomorphic reptiles.  They even evangelize the ways of Ei to Silicon life forms in uninhabitable zones if they are capable of knowing to fear Ei (pronounced Eee Eye.)  The old creator god religion from the Nephapricans with Doldorian descent who really were too advanced now to believe anything about it themselves anymore became the Gospel according to the Eagolim.  You could say they preserved the virtues of their primitive religion and passed them on to new intelligent life forms through the ages.  
Nephapricans valued how religion could preserve an evolutionary direction for a species with its introduction to higher virtues, instructions for conduct, dietary commandments, and reproductive laws.  Indeed a similar virtue helped the Nephaprican species hold together the greatest galactic civilization to have ever existed on the inner arms of the mighty Magphoreus.  Aquari remained undecided on an opinion regarding this Eagolim practice.  He watched it work for many a species from planet to planet, but Aquari also saw an evil with this good, casting its shadows on Beagud's face as he declared himself the great god Ei himself before the rodents.  When Aquari finally departed, Beagud commanded them to cover their naked rodent bodies and pronounce his name correctly.  Most newly intelligent species lacked the vocal cords to get precisely correct.
"I command you all to say my name, Ei!"
"Aaaa Yaaaaa!"
"Repeat the name again!   Eeeeeeeee Yiiiiiiiiiiii!”
“Aaaaaa Raaaahhhhh!”
“Again!  Eeeeeee Yiiiiiii!”
“Raaaahhh Nahhhhh!”
That will go on and on, and they'll never really get it right.  Most newly intelligent animals had quite a way to go before actually blooming into galactic creatures.  The irony that an anti-evolution-promoting religion that embraced mythological views to reality had been a secret for galactic evolution had not been lost on Aquari.  The Eagolim did this in the service to Goag Ralus, who had been created by descendants from their ancestors and isn't without some resemblance to their Doldorian mythical creator god Ei.  The resulting evolution and intelligence did not disagree with Aquari, who always enjoyed being more an observer to life on Magphoreus than one who intervenes.  However, the times Aquari had intervened would also become the stuff of galactic legend.
Aquari eventually departed the always-migrating Eagolim from deep in the Orion arm on Magphoreus to continue their coveted god act from star to star.  The long-lost dimly lit white dwarf star-door called Tze-Doldus had finally been found after a space in time exceeding four billion Earth years.  In addition to that fantastic news, after a couple billion Earth years since the white dwarf companion to the exploding red giant star Tze got lost to the star labyrinths in the Orion arm, life again evolved from scratch on the planet Tze-Doldus-2.  Not only that, but that life on Tze-Doldus-2 had even discovered the long-lost star-door evidently still intact.
The star doors were made from stuff that could remain intact for entire galactic ages.  Deliadre could have talked Aquari into a journey to the galactic core with much less fantastic information.  She had him with news about Nieniel's death, and Aquari missed his old friend Goag Ralus.  Unlike so many departed friends, Goag Ralus at least didn't die on him.  The forty-two-year journey to the core is seldom dull at seven hundred times the speed of light, and no known intelligence knows the twisting and turning labyrinth with stars and gas in the galaxy better than Aquari.  Also, intelligence like Aquari's, with memories reaching back several billion years, cannot be bored.
During the life-sprouting second age to Magphoreus, the Nephaprican Empire emerged for a good 700 million Earth years as the first and so far only united galactic empire spanning to the far ends of the inner galaxy.  Usually, galactic civilization is lucky to inhabit a few dozen stars in a local space sector.  However, the Nephapricans found the shortcut when they were still but a fledgling galactic species.  The Nephapricans were warm-blooded mammals, a rare form of life in the inner galaxy compared to reptile.  That is probably because mammal life emerges from less ideal conditions in a star's habitable zone.  Planets evolving mammal life tend to have extreme fluctuations in temperatures that make less successful reptile life.  The evolution for warm-blooded life is common enough in the galaxy.  Still, the problem that figures into the probability of becoming a successful, intelligent life species is that unstable and/or extreme environments are more likely to be subject to catastrophe.  In a galaxy that tosses stars around a supermassive black hole, a whole planet with life can often be squished just like a bug.  It's easy enough to be a reptile meditating an existence away on an ideal world orbiting a perfect star under ideal conditions for several billion Earth years, but then again, where's the challenge in that?  
Perhaps this profoundly explains why when mammal life does become intelligent, they are inclined to take to the stars.  In contrast, intellectual reptile life would be more willing to enjoy a purely cerebral existence understanding higher dimensions.

Mighty Magphoreus

The Nephapricans nurtured their original civilizations consisting of three initial species.  They evolved on three separate star systems in an original 15-star cluster speeding together in unison through a galactic orbit at 35,000 miles a second.  These three alien races were the Pripicans, Nephricans, and Doldorians.  Because the cluster provided nearby distances between these independently evolving races on the planets for three separate habitable star systems, eventually, one race succeeded in the difficult task of  interstellar travel.  
The three races in the original Nephaprican Empire 15 star cluster were given a golden opportunity by chance, and they played it well.  Soon the 5.7 light-years between the Nephricans at the star named Ea and the Doldorians at the star called Dol became a familiar road for these space travelers.  Amid the three original races, the Nephricans and Pripicans came to technological maturity almost simultaneously, having discovered each other's existence when radio technologies were being used for communication.  The Doldorians, on the other hand, were probably a thousand Earth years behind when Nephricans landed on their world, and collectively the Doldorians never seemed to recover from the inferiority complex.  The Doldorian inferiority actually had an opposite effect since the Doldorians consequently excelled in courageous acts of space travel and exploration.  Then the Nephricans, Pripicans, and Doldorians, over the next couple thousand Earth years, managed to genetically merge into a single race called Nephapricans from the 15 stars as they partook the benefits of being a galactic civilization.
As the 15 stars in the original cluster began drifting apart, the necessity to continue interstellar commerce led to wormhole technologies.  The fusion energy from each star became deliberately harmonized on the quantum level in a boldly executed harmonic technological feat to alter the fabric to space and time itself.  This allowed the Nephapricans to travel instantaneously from any one star to any other one in the original 15 cluster stars.  
Offshoot quantum synchronized technologies were sprouting from these 15 star-powered star-doors that revolutionized deep space travel and communications.  A method for sending messages anywhere in the galaxy to a similar receiver with only a few seconds in delay existed, which some decedents from the Nephapricans still use today.  In this day and age where there are no more functioning star-doors, even the Eagolim are incapable of making any more communication devices like this.  
The quantum/fusion breakthrough caused the Nephaprican civilization to thrive and become united like no 15 stars in Magphoreus may have ever been, before or since.  The 15 stars in the Nephaprican civilization remained strong for several million years after that wormhole creation event.  The 15 stars in the cluster drifted farther and farther away from each other.  They orbited all the way into three among the seven Magphoreus arms.  
The 15 stars were still unified by the star-door technologies that spread the similarities from the Nephaprican pentanthropomorphic mammal likeness to nearby stars they passed by over the several hundred million Earth years to what had become a constantly spreading galactic empire.  A golden age flourished there in the second age of Magphoreus with galactic commerce, communication, galactic federations, and republics springing up from the 15 stars along with Phase II fusion-warp technologies for interstellar travel that made even thirty light-year journeys with faster-than-light fusion-warp technology possible in less than fifteen Earth years.  The three original races became more or less a single species called the Nephapricans, who dominated lesser races that benefited from the acquaintance with these galactic individuals as their stars passed by a Nephaprican star on the tremendous galactic carousel.  The Nephapricans, however, existed as mammals, and even at that stage of evolution, they only lived a few thousand Earth years or so in life.

With the passage in time and space comes Aquari's passing to the Carina arm on Magphoreus across the rift space made up with dimmer, farther apart, old stars, to the next inner arm on Magphoreus called Scuton-Crux.  The Scuton-Crux galactic arm is another galaxy swallowed by the mighty Magphoreus early in the second age.  Magphoreus may be the greatest among all galaxies.  Each enormous galactic arm is the stuff from many galaxies and globular clusters that have been devoured whole in the earlier ages for Magphoreus.  
Life on the Scuton-Crux arm is predominately cold-blooded and reptilian.  As Aquari traverses this inner galactic arm the passing stars awaken memories that are full galactic ages away in the past.  The Scuton-Crux component sends many familiar stars to pass Aquari's view, which he reluctantly passes without stopping by to say "hi” to the reptilian friends there who he knows.  This arm on the galaxy is the seat to several galactic civilizations with cold-blooded reptilian life known in the high galactic language as Incaprican.
Stars begin to pass by more and more rapidly as the next galactic arm called Norma starts to appear before Aquari, the impossible comet.  The inner Norma arm sparks troubled memories in Aquari, the cosmic space traveler.  In the middle of the second galactic age for Magphoreus at the height of the great Nephaprican Empire, Aquari became mixed up with Eagolim, sent on a journey to the galactic core that took several thousand Earth years.  The stars in the Norma arm display the evolution of Golimechoid life, adapting to the harsher conditions in this core region.  
Something happened on Aquari's legendary journey with the Eagolim, more than just the creation of Golimechoid life and the enormous Goag Ralus.  Golimechoid life and Goag Ralus both now have significantly affected the nature of Magphoreus for all time.

* * *

Even for a 500 million-year-old galactic empire, a journey all the way from a peripheral arm across the many thousand parsecs in space to the galactic core would be a long and perilous undertaking.  
The entire voyage took several hundred thousand Earth years with gradual migration from star to star at warp drive, which is how galactic civilizations spread.  The real amazing thing about this is that galactic civilizations that want to endure tend not to move toward the galaxy's harsher areas.  
Many Eagolim with 4 to 6 thousand Earth yearlong lives rose to this challenge committing a hundred generations after them to the quest.  During this time, the Eagolim introduced new Golimechoid life forms on different habitable or uninhabitable planets.  The Golimechoid were inorganic life that reproduced by reconstructing themselves through a reproductive process that imitated natural DNA-based life but looked much more like skin molting.  They were within the definition for what Earthlings would better understand as robots, but Golimechoids were the same as evolving reproducing life forms with regular life spans.  Golimechoids embodied more complex molecules and elements that the Eagolim found scattered around the galactic center by a  2.7 million solar masses across vicious black hole.
Ralus Xnoga is constantly throwing a fit against the laws for time and space, which were groomed by the Aigon into the spherical and disk-shaped reality we all enjoy on this side of its event horizon.  Conditions near the core are so much faster and harsher on so many levels that the migration for the Eagolim against the galactic current, which is constantly scaling down everything outward into the complexities for habitable, met with unimaginable hardship and peril.  Whatever drove the determination from one generation to the next is among many mysteries about the 2nd age.  What had been the fate for the Eagolim who made this perilous journey to Ralus Xnoga is not entirely known.  Still, their legacy is Golimechoid life along the Norma arm to the galaxy and Goag Ralus, who orbits Ralus Xnoga with seven massive stars that orbit seven among Its 21 appendages.  Each of these 7 stars orbiting Goag Ralus has a gas giant planet orbiting the star like a moon.
The Golimechoid life became better suited to the more violent and perilous conditions closer to the galactic core.  They seldom evolved many functions that required the existence of an atmosphere, and they proved to be nearly invincible to energies and gamma rays that were tossed about in the faster rotating central arm called Norma.  
The ultimate design from the Nephaprican migration to the core would be established for all ages to come as an enormous construction with the same Golimechoid technology that produced artificial life forms.  Golimechoid life thrived where organic life seldom finds a peaceful cranny to thrive and reproduce for very long on this tremendous galactic merry-go-round.  Silicon life forms also lived under the more extreme conditions that exist in this part of the galaxy.  More than a few galactic civilizations with Silicon life forms still ponder histories that mention this time in the 2nd age and the exploits of god-personages that traveled from afar, leaving behind Golimechoid life for Silicone life forms to get along with.  
There also exist in the Silicon life histories on the Norma arm, stories about the entity called Aquari, who evidently also became involved in the unusual migration with the Nephapricans to the core.
For the most part, Silicon and Golimechoid life forms get along with each other in the Norma arm for the galaxy.  Silicon life has definitely benefited from Golimechoid neighbors who are evidently programmed to peacefully assist terrestrial life survival on Magphoreus, at least where Golimechoid life perceives no threat.  Similar peaceful life-promoting virtues are arguably the very reason for the existence of Goag Ralus.
Goag Ralus is the gift from the Nephapricans in the 2nd age to the current 3rd age.  Goag Ralus is a living creature dedicated to the dominion over terrestrial life in the galaxy for all time.  Goag Ralus encompasses over four hundred solar masses Itself.  At the same time, It orbits Ralus Xnoga, sending gas and debris up a new galactic arm that It has been making, condensing under gravitational pressures into the stars in the Fybrolus galaxy arm.  Goag Ralus has fashioned customized star systems by the thousands.  It flings up along the Fybrolus arm to spin into pre-designed galactic orbits all their own further out beyond the core to where the existence for life is less precarious.  In this way, Goag Ralus has been promoting the presence of life in the galaxy by creating new stars with life-giving planets for over 4 billion Earth years now to this very day in the 3rd age for Magphoreus.

* * *

The eventful galactic core with its violently fast-moving objects more and more interrupts Aquari's deep space daydreams about ancient galactic ages.  Here explosive electromagnetic nuclear energies bombard every cranny in the Norma arm as it passes by Aquari to become the baby arm called Fybrolus.  Fybrolus formed due to Goag Ralus, who turns the crushing gravity from the black hole called Ralus Xnoga reluctantly into a force for life in the universe.  Aquari points his direction toward the black dot centered in the sky where in this part of the galaxy, there is no darkness or night to be found except the great hole.  That means very little night exists here, at least not without some heavy cloud cover.  Aquari is closing in on the galaxy's supermassive black hole where Goag Ralus can be found orbiting Ralus Xnoga at unimaginable speeds.
Earth astronomers have recently discovered Goag Ralus and identified It as GCIRS 13E, which orbits the core black hole at 626,300 mph, or 280 kilometers a second.  There are seven stars, each with several solar masses, which each orbit a separate arm to Goag Ralus.  Earth astronomers slightly overestimate the 1,300+ solar masses for Goag Ralus mainly because they mistake GCIRS 13E to be a very rare medium-sized black hole.  
Descendants from Nephapricans and many other life forms have long since found their way to Goag Ralus.  Goag Ralus gives them a home away from the core's inescapably crushing gravity soup, which Goag Ralus has control over with sophisticated virtual particle generation technologies.

Long after the destruction to Tze, Aquari returned from another galaxy only to discover that the Nephaprican galactic people had all but disappeared.  The galactic beings Aquari had once run across over a hundred million Earth years ago had all but disappeared without a trace, taking seven star-door stars with them.  It had been over 4.5 billion Earth years ago when Aquari first noticed impossibly similar galactic civilizations on opposite sides to the inner galaxy.  The Nephapricans obviously intended for Aquari to be left behind with the lesser life forms in the Nephaprican Empire that they had also abandoned.  Incapricans who outlived the remnant to the Nephaprican civilization located there had cut off control for the Dol star-door.
The star Yat became the last remnant to (Eagolim) galactic individuals that existed within the empire.  Still, they couldn't use the Yat star-door because it eventually broke down, fortunately with no nova aftereffects.  The Yat star-door quanta-optic-nanocode personage had disappeared within the star doors multiple realities to never be heard from again.  The Incapricans at the Dol star-door had rendered it inoperative, and the Poa star-door had been taken by the Golimechoid life forms in the last galactic war for Nephapricus, soon to ensue.
Aquari returned after over 110 million Earth years from a nearby galaxy to find the once glorious galactic Empire known as Nephapricus in its last throes.  Aquari happens to be an incredible cosmic mystery within his own right.  The best explanation for Aquari is that he is a cosmic entity that has bothered to contact galactic and terrestrial life forms.  He ran across the Nephapricans early on in their empire because they had similar humanoid appearances that spread from one end in the galaxy to the other when only Aquari could travel fast enough to actually make such a trip.  Aquari usually appears as a circle made in the air from light that can fly many times faster than the most sophisticated warp drives.  The early Nephapricans welcomed the counsel from Aquari, who possessed a cosmic intelligence at least as far beyond Nephaprican comprehension as the star-door travelers are beyond simple terrestrial life.  Terrestrial life is only capable of enough intelligence to understand that travel between stars is impossible.
Some call Aquari the god that the gods made up.  Whatever that means.  Some speculate that he is a cosmic entity, perhaps from another dimension curiously poking into our reality for a look.  We only see two Aquari dimensions that are always facing the viewer regardless of the number of viewers or angle they look at him; like a rainbow, you can never reach or even reconcile to space and distance.  Aquari is a light organism that is remotely related to the Aigon-Sophin.  The Nephapricans managed to document the existence when Magphoreus blazed as a Ralus Xnoga rampaging quasar only one galactic age-old.  Nephapricans understood Aquari to be an explorer from the first age to the galaxy who still oversaw the galactic function for constructing and evolving complex molecules.  Some speculate Aquari to be the eye at the end of cosmic evolution managing this whole process.  The truth about Aquari is that nobody really knows.
Nephaprican history contains much speculation about Aquari, where encounters with this cosmic entity were well documented.  Aquari can be credited with intervening many times when Nephapricans clashed with Incapricans.  Aquari often served the role of an interstellar diplomat with the awe and respect from lesser life forms that couldn't do anything about Aquari if they did want to.  Aquari accompanied the legendary journey to the core and must have played a part in the evolution of Golimechoid life and Goag Ralus.
The mindset of the Nephapricans, as well as Aquari, is understandably beyond the understanding of mere Earthlings.  Still, it's probably true that sending Aquari away with the Eagolim played a part in the development of plans by the Nephapricans to disappear from all known time and space.  This evidence that Aquari's relationship with Nephapricans had become strained could not be ignored by Aquari, which probably also has kept the cosmic entity from actually pursuing them for over 4 billion Earth years now.  The Eigalli who live on Goag Ralus, on the other hand, have always looked for the long-lost Nephapricans as if they were their long-lost parents.  Remnants to the Nephaprican species that remained behind to carry on in the natural evolution realm also don't know what the lost Nephapricans became along with the seven legendary star-doors.  Traces to the stars themselves have since been located.  The evidence hints that they were destroyed in carefully orchestrated ways, with their material used up to have entirely disappeared with no black holes to be found.

Aquari returned near the end for the 2nd Galactic Age, after the great disappearance to find the Nephapricus remnants made up with lesser-evolved life forms desperately struggling to remain worthy of the galactic civilization status.  Aquari intervened in three dynasties from the last 80 million Earth years left to Nephapricus.  The dealings with Aquari became known to the 3rd dynasty as Aquari returned to Goag Ralus in the galactic core, a gigantic organism understood by the post-Nephaprican Nephapricans to be a friend with Aquari.  The 3rd dynasty, after the great disappearance, feared and dreaded what the Nephapricans did in the galactic core, and they also began to not trust Aquari.  
Before Aquari's dealings with post-Nephaprican Nephapricus, Aquari can be honored for saving many life forms from becoming victims to the Incaprican civilizations that proved to be more enduring on Magphoreus after all than mere mammals.  The remnants of Nephapricus became the conquests for the more enduring reptile cultures during the last 80 million Nephapricus years, and Aquari is said to have been instrumental in keeping the empire enduring that much longer.  
Aquari always seemed to take delight in the accomplishments from terrestrial life as always more an observer than an intervener.  However, the last post-Nephaprican dynasty betrayed Aquari.  The result would be the final blow to the last remnant for Nephapricus from which no star-faring race would emerge any time soon in the aftermath.
The declining galactic civilization endured a perilous path of demise as the vast distances between stars, which were once traversed with ease, became more and more daunting.  Less-educated next generations inherited the reins to technologies based on physics they couldn't grasp without the help from quantum-bit processing computers also inherited from the past.  That would be the Nephapricus Aquari returned to, and Aquari had been a friend to many individuals from that time.  Aquari possessed a galactic intelligence able to communicate with the ant-like, downright terrestrial life forms that were still harnessing the fusion-warp technologies that qualified them as galactic life forms.  Post-Nephaprican Nephapricus citizens seldom appreciated Aquari's vast superiority, probably because it's not in Aquari's nature to flaunt that superiority, which left an impression about Aquari as harmless.
This lack of appreciation or respect could be said to underlie the relationship between Aquari and Turgis Reva, the last central empire manager for what remained Nephapricus.  At that time, the capital for Nephapricus centered around the star-door system called Poa, where the star-door technology industries still spun off from a central star-door complex, a small continent in size.  The Poa star-door was fully functional at the time.  Still, the Poa star-door no longer provided time/space bending star-door travel, probably due to Incaprican treachery on the other side to the remaining wormhole at the star Dol.  The star-door for the star Yat had eventually performed its last teleportation and no longer functioned in that capacity.  Post Nephaprican Nephapricus inherently became uncommunicative with the Eagolim at the star Yat because they feared that they would try to take the Poa Empire away from them.
Turgis Reva had an upset look in his ruling chamber as he looked out the window across the capital city he renamed Reva-Tar after sacking a senate government that had tried less despotic methods for uniting the 1,473 stars in then Nephapricus.  He had evolved from a Grulmagof species originally from the Grul star system.  
He came from a turbulent world with extremes in both temperature and geography where his kind evolved a warm mane with shaggy hair and a burly frame balanced on sure-footed furry legs, like a mountain goat that walked upright.  Turgis had become justifiably concerned for his declining empire and its loosely held together commerce between 1,473 colonized stars along the Carina arm.  Nephapricus still held the line along the great rift from a distance, separating them from the Scuton-Crux galactic arm with its thriving and successful galactic reptile civilizations that were patiently waiting to outlive what remained to Turgis Reva's mammal civilization in the Carina arm.  The Nephapricans and the Incapricans never did really get along with each other.  If that wasn't enough to worry a galactic emperor, Turgis Reva had learned that a new race with Golimechoid life now encroached upon their galactic realm from deep within the galaxy.  These robot creatures were attempting to colonize his galactic sector in space.  
Turgis, troubled by this, had summoned the mysterious cosmic entity Aquari who had been nearby at the time.  It had also come to his attention that Aquari had been traveling to the galactic center, which evidently thrived with this artificial life form.  Turgis Reva admired the ring around the moon that surrounded Poa-3's satellite like a crown to an accomplishment that perched above the horizon next to the 100-mile long dome to the star-door structure, which overlooked his city Reva-Tar like another giant planet poking above the horizon.  He put that ring around that moon by ordering the virtual particle star-door energies to be used for slowing down the orbit to the moon just enough to line it up with an incoming asteroid that would have devastated the planet Poa-3.  Incidentally, because gravity is actually the phenomenon from instantaneous virtual particle creation that is measurable on the quantum level to be shaping dark matter, the moon returned to its previous position and orbital momentum right after that collision event.  The moon just hurried back to where it previously belonged like a stretched spring returning to its regular shape when released from the star doors virtual particle generators.  The released moon sped up temporarily to return to the average speed and path in its own trench for what Nephapricans called phantom matter.  Turgis Reva had easily made himself a hero on the planet by putting himself in charge of making that planet-saving event happen.
Aquari entered the chamber, which suddenly heralded an increase to the room light emanating from a flat circle of light that faced Turgis Reva’s eyes.  The light ring displayed the body for Aquari showing colorful kaleidoscopic shapes that revealed in color and shape a concern Aquari had that he had suddenly become in some trouble.  Turgis Reva had known Aquari long enough to be able to read those colors and shapes that were advertising Aquari's mood.
"Greetings, Turgis Reva.  It is good to see you after all these years."
Turgis greeted Aquari with a shout to keep those colors the way he wanted them.  "Years you have evidently spent visiting strange life forms from within Magphoreus who now encroach on my empire!  What are these 'Golimechoid' life forms you fraternize with Aquari?"
"Well mighty ruler over Nephapricus, I 'fraternize' with whatever life forms I choose to.  Your empire's ancestors, the real Nephapricans who disappeared, created the Golimechoid.  Golimechoid life began when the Eagolim made the legendary journey to the galactic core before I left the galaxy long before the 1st dynasty of the Fuzaads inherited Nephapricus, after your builder's mysterious exit from the empire."
"Well, now this artificial life form is building colonies around the stars Tephadis and Zoed where Nephapricans operate deiodic crystal and peiomite gas mines in the asteroids.  My mining companies beg me to eradicate them before they start showing up in greater numbers."


Aquari and Turgis Reva

"Eradicate them?!” Aquari noticeably became irritated by the emperor's attitude, which explained his more orange-colored glow.  "They are not hostile creatures.  I'll bet they have even evolved a language.  Why don't you all talk it out?"
"Why don't you persuade them to leave this sector in space.  Those creatures are machines you no doubt had a hand in creating Aquari.” turgis Reva knew how to use his intimidating stature even on the most cosmic entity.  "It's well known that you accompanied the Eagolim to the galactic core in the legendary journey and had a hand in the creation of this abomination of a species.  I know you frequently travel to the places in Magphoreus where these creatures originated."
Aquari tried to explain.  "We left their ancestors to reproduce and evolve in various locations, adapting to the extreme conditions within Magphoreus.  Some were even not much more than primitive animals at the time.  These space travelers you accuse of trespassing have evolved to now force you to move over and share the enormous neighborhood for space travel.  I'm thrilled to just now hear that one from these species has advanced up the stages of evolution so fast."
Turgis did not summon Aquari to discuss this.  "I have summoned you, Aquari, to command you to go to these things you call life and make them return to the depths in space from which they came."
"Looks to me like holding together an empire you just had to take over is proving harder than you originally figured.  Ya think Turgis?"
Turgis probably became red under his fur.  "You will do this, Aquari, or I will order an armada with warships to do this instead of your cosmic diplomacy."
"Okay, okay, I can go there and see what I can do, but not due to any order from the great Turgis Reva that can't be denied.  I'll go for your own good.  Golimechoid life was designed to adapt to the harshest environments in the galaxy.  I'll bet on their ability to deal with your Nephaprican planet destroyers as easily as any other gamma-ray-infested gravity crushing star factory we originally left them to evolve.  Besides, I suddenly want to visit these amazing creations that now have evolved to be galactic organisms.  Your kind could learn from their newly-born enthusiasm for the stars."
"Very well then, Aquari, I shall hold off on my attack until you make them leave the Tephadis and Zoed star systems.  Should you fail, there shall be war."
"Very well then, Turgis Reva, my war-mongering friend.  I now depart your presence to reason with the Golimechoid life forms that I expect to be more reasonable than you.”  Saying that Aquari then departed the last Nephapricus ruler.

Aquari visited the galactic organisms, a snake-like form of robotic life that thought they had evolved from much more basic life forms.  They felt they originated on some world that was really a moon between there and the galaxy's core, less than 100 million Earth years before.  
They turned out to rapidly evolve as designed, communicating with a complex high-tech radio frequency that provided an instant evolutionary advantage as they could instantly speak with the simple replicas they raised like children.  It turned out many among them believed they had emerged from hydrocarbons on a peaceful freezing cold moon orbiting a gas giant planet that circled a star way back in the Norma arm of the galaxy.  The other advantage for being a species that could communicate from birth was that they were more inclined to develop into intelligent life and take to the stars.  The harsh, ever-changing galactic core environment demanded that intellectual life find new places to live.  Golimechoid life had been made from more complex molecules and vital elements animated by self-replicating nano-technology that behaved as cells that emulated and improved on life as we know it.
Aquari delighted in meeting these life forms that were now the distant relatives of life forms the Eagolim first introduced to the galaxy.  They meant no harm to organic organisms and only established colonies on uninhabitable asteroids for the jump-off points to a grander ambition for further exploring the universe.  Aquari told these Golimechoid life forms many things that they did not know about their history and origins.  Aquari had been able to persuade the Golimechoid life forms to travel a different route and depart the two intruded star systems.
The Golimechoids were delighted to make Aquari's acquaintance and quickly decided to leave, having also heard warnings about Nephaprican hostility from the Incaprican civilizations they met on their way a few thousand Earth years before across the Scuton-Crux arm to the galaxy.  These Golimechoids that Aquari introduced himself to were the spearhead for a fleet of galactic Golimechoid colony ships, which were terrific feats in technology and engineering in themselves.
Turgis Reva got from Aquari what he had ordered Aquari to do, but it wasn't really what Turgis Reva wanted.  The lesser-evolved inhabitants in the short-lived fourth post-Nephaprican dynasty ruling Nephapricus had no intention of sharing the galaxy with Golimechoid life forms.  
Turgis Reva was under pressure to make a show of force, and an example from the robot-people colonizers moving into the Tephadis and Zoed star systems.  The whole meeting with Turgis Reva and Aquari would actually be recorded for Turgis to demonstrate his power to command even the cosmic entity called Aquari to do his bidding.  In other words, the whole conversation had just been a recorded show for politics.  There may have also been some crazy idea that Aquari would also perish in his attack on the Golimechoids.
Turgis Reva betrayed Aquari and attacked the Golimechoid life forms even as they were conceding to return from which they came, as requested.  News about the invading robot people from the galaxy core had instigated panic throughout the thousand remaining stars in Nephapricus, and all well-developed worlds in the empire offered up wealth and personnel to the effort to drive the robots out from their sector in Magphoreus.  Their efforts had to have been put in place many Earth years before Turgis and Aquari spoke.  In a sense, Nephapricus died from primitive xenophobia unbecoming for a galactic species.  Suddenly the virtues for respecting all life and assisting other beings that dared to adapt to the empty void, which made the real Nephapricans great, had degenerated with the empire into something primitive and self-destructive.
The attack by Nephapricus on Golimechoid life turned out to be the last final and fatal mistake from the Nephaprican galactic empire in the 700,000,000 or so Earth years to its entire existence.  The initial attack devastated the spearhead Golimechoid colonists, which infuriated Aquari, who had become all too familiar with the war-like recklessness from terrestrial life forms, especially mammals.  News about the ambush reached the main Golimechoid fleet deep in the empty space void, possibly thanks to Aquari, and retaliation would be quick and even more vicious.  Incapricans had warned the Golimechoids about these Nephaprican peoples and perhaps the ancient legends, which this Incaprican knowledge had become by then to them, made the Golimechoids more intimidated and more fearful than they really needed to be.  The warships in Nephapricus were eventually attacked to extinction by super nano-tech life forms that had also made a point for traveling space with arsenals filled with superior firepower.  
Waging war on Golimechoid life forms dealt the final blow to Nephapricus.  No organic life on 1,000 worlds that were sure to embrace the catch-22 folly of fighting back would have survived without the intervention from Aquari.  The migrating Eagolim actually, it turned out, initially had created this particular Golimechoid species as servants.  They actively left their fellow life forms to brave the evolutionary odds of survival on various worlds they had passed along the way.  Those Eagolim left their descendants on a moon orbiting that gas giant several million Earth years before, thus peppering their most ancient histories with hints about these creator god beings, the Nephapricans.  The Golimechoid reaction became driven by primal fear of Nephapricus, which some of them already speculated were the legendary divine space travelers.  The Golimechoids thought they were at war with their own gods, but really they just battled against frail warm-blooded mammals that had inherited the great galactic empire infrastructure from the gods.
That marked the fall of Nephapricus and the end to the second golden age for Magphoreus.  After the end of the second galactic age, Earth's star would be born by the skillful hands of Goag Ralus, who sent it out on its orbit along with the gas and debris cluster we now call the Orion Nebula.  The star for Earth existed early enough to have been known by Eagolim of Nephaprican descent that had not participated in the great disappearance.  The Sun for Earth is known to have played a part in an Eagolim galactic civilization in the Orion arm sector that lingered long after the great disappearance.  After that, the Eagolim civilization fell into a dark age with an unfortunate demise.
A period existed after the fall to Nephapricus, in the beginnings of the 3rd Galactic Age, when Golimechoid, Incaprican, and mammal life used the wormhole connections between the two remaining Dol and Poa star-doors.  That went on until eventually time, the death of the star Poa and Dol becoming a red giant rendered them inoperative.  The 3 star doors left behind by the lost Nephapricans finally seemed to break down at the beginning of the 3rd Galactic Age.  The original symbiotic quantum accomplishment that created these universe-bending star-doors has still not been duplicated.  Some attempts have even resulted in a star's destruction, and in many galactic empires, the pursuit is illegal.  A branch to galactic physics theorizes that the star doors were made out of materials that were evolved with a phenomenon known as a phantom matter singularity.

* * *

Aquari awakened from his ancient memories about fallen galactic empires to approach his old friend Goag Ralus in the galactic core.  Goag Ralus took the form of a dark object in the star-drenched galactic center, which is bathed in intense light.  Goag Ralus came into Aquari's view, looking like a spider spinning a web around the unimaginably enormous black circle that is absolutely nothing.  The massive Nephaprican creation called Goag Ralus revolves in its orbit about what is definitely the most massive black hole in this galaxy, like a spider busily spinning webs with stars and planetary designs.  Aquari sped on with purpose toward the familiar shape for Goag Ralus, still, just a dot over a hundred solar masses in size orbiting the great black dot 2.7 million solar masses in size.  Aquari sped through a galactic core bath of annihilating radiation and energies to soon arrive at Goag Ralus, his destination.

Chapter 2:  Ploabot and Hanson

Aquari travels faster than any other object in the galaxy.  However, this writing can travel even faster.  For example, the story now leaps over 60 Earth years into the future from the time Aquari, at last, arrived at Goag Ralus in the center of the galaxy.  This writing comes to the planet Tze-Doldus-2, over 40,000 light-years away in the Orion arm for Magphoreus.  
The star Tze-Doldus still shined 25,000 light-years up the Orion arm to Magphoreus from the now long gone nova remnant from the star Tze, very similar to a nova remnant known to Earthlings as the Helix Nebula.  Four billion Earth years ago, the white dwarf star Tze-Doldus orbited the red giant star Tze after forming the original 15-star cluster that birthed the Nephaprican Galactic Empire.  Because this distinguished origin to the Tze/Tze-Doldus binary star systems had been so unique, both stars had an orbiting planet that housed one from the 15 fabled Nephaprican star-doors.
None among the planets that orbited these stars were habitable when the ancestors to the Nephapricans first ventured within nuclear-drive starships to land on them.  All that changed relatively fast by galactic standards as the Pripicans terra-formed the rocky worlds to their liking.  The Tze/Tze-Doldus system happened to be the most remote area in the original 15-star cluster, and making it an oasis for life in a harsh galactic reality would be hard-won.  The planet Tze-6 flourished in the budding galactic empire by attracting the inquiring minds from more technologically advanced Nephrican and Pripican scientific researchers that desired to study a 60 solar mass red giant star close up.  In the early sub-light speed days to Nephapricus, the study in this distant red giant star would have to be a lifetime career decision.  The key to the Nephaprican star-doors became unlocked by the knowledge gained from these studies into the 15 stars in the original cluster empire.  The planet Tze-Doldus-2 prospered by attracting affluent galactic colonists drawn to its ideally incubated environment and the most amazingly picturesque sky in the whole 15-star cluster.  The white dwarf Sun would fill almost half the sky during the 14 earth-hour-long days on Tze-Doldus-2.  The feint red circle for Tze always would pose in different places at different sizes somewhere in the then blue and clear skies over Tze-Doldus-2.  Then the sky also included the ringed gas giant planet Tze-Doldus-1.  Tze-Doldus-1 orbited Tze-Doldus every seven days to the 69-day Tze-Doldus-2 year and displayed in the Tze-Doldus-2 sky like a ringed moon.  Later on in the galactic empire's evolution, when the star-doors were created, the planet Tze-Doldus-2 became a thriving tourist attraction, which drove away many among the original upper-class colonist families.
Stars, just like terrestrial organisms, are born; they live, grow old, and die.  Near the end, the ancient red giant star Tze exploded in a seven hundred million Earth-year galactic civilization.  The planets Tze-2, Tze-5 (along with 6 moons,) and the legendary star-door planet Tze-6 evaporated in the explosive event as Tze threw off its thick red spent star plasma fuel coat.  
It is well documented in the archives for existing galactic civilizations (which are mostly offspring from the legendary Nephapricus) that the star-doors were made from indestructible substances.  Therefore it would be said that the star-door built on Tze-6 still existed out there somewhere after the planet below it evaporated.  For some unknown reason, the Nephapricans were never able to contact these star-doors ever again.  The indestructible star-door still floats out there somewhere, possibly disabled because it had been cut off from its solar power source.  However, it is still pretty much as good as new, a treasure only for the most ambitious galactic treasure seekers, and one great mystery about Magphoreus to this very day.
The fate of the binary companion white dwarf Tze-Doldus was more fortunate than Tze.  The star kept three planets when the white dwarf companion to Tze spit out into space like a glowing cannonball.  The effects on the red giant expelling a white dwarf companion caused a unique helix tube shape for the remaining nova remnant as debris spiraled around the resulting hole in the phantom matter.  That is the same thing that gives the Helix Nebula its name "Helix”  by Earth astronomers.  However, the red giant Tze nova event took place in the last age for Magphoreus, many billion Earth years before the Helix Nebulae even happened.  The Tze nova left behind a still shining star core on the verge of becoming a pulsar in the center of the circling gas and debris helix.  Its white dwarf companion Tze-Doldus became lost amongst the more prominent, brighter stars in the great galaxy Magphoreus.  Many still believe that Tze-Doldus probably exists out there still with the virtues from a white dwarf star's much longer life.  
Tze-Doldus existed still out there somewhere, a dimly-lit, unassuming, miniature star-system hiding in the star labyrinths with perhaps the most significant accomplishment in advanced technology ever devised by intelligent life perched upon a single still existing planet.
Regarding the Tze half to the original binary system, nothing remains that isn't now long lost in the last age for Magphoreus.  However, it has long been known that a dimly lit white dwarf probably exists out there somewhere, perhaps with the fabled star-door planet Tze-Doldus-2 still in orbit.  The star-door technology controlled the phantom matter particles in the planet's orbit, and terra-forming programs would have been capable of saving the planet's environment and life.  A star-door generated magnetic field would keep the atmosphere intact, although the challenge would be unfathomable.  It had long been speculated that the explosion would have undoubtedly flooded the planet with star debris, sure to wipe out all existing life.  However, now we know that the planet Tze-Doldus-2 still orbits Tze-Doldus every 69 fourteen Earth hour days under a glowing green sky.  The planet measured a bit smaller than the planet Mars with no moons, although in moments when the greenish sky became cloudless, the planet Tze-Doldus-1 could be seen still visible like a moon, now no longer with a ring around it.  The ground on Tze-Doldus-2 glowed with a luster from gold dust that pelted the planet during the Tze nova event several billion years in the past, creating whole deserts with unimaginably vast Earth fortunes in gold dust.  What would be seen as a fortune on planet Earth could be quickly melted out on the Tze-Doldus-2 dirt with enough heat, but usually, it would just be swept off the dusty floors by the inhabitants on Tze-Doldus-2 only to be tossed out unwanted into the trash.  Gold dust, called coaglium in this translation to the Uranian chirping language, does have value on the equivalent for the Tze-Doldus-2 commodities market with its uses in the industry.  However, it's a very cheap commodity.
The planet Tze-Doldus-2 had intelligent inhabitants these days that lived in societies much like present-day Earth.  They called this planet Urania and were proud of their accomplishments, blessed by its near-perfect climate and so much valuable gold element that it qualifies as dirt.  They utilized the benefits to this gold dust, which could be easily synthesized from the ground and formed into whole cities only to have the golden luster painted over in dull brownish colors that Uranians found more pleasing to the eye.
Uranians had large eyes with pupils stretching the eye's length from top to bottom like that on a cat.  Their eyes evolved for the dimness in the night with sensitivities to motion.  The hair on the Uranian formed into thick follicles that used to cover the body with waterproof protection.  However, at this point in their evolution, hair mainly grew as a mane on the top of their heads.  Their necks were longer than a human neck perched on a body that looked more like a bird than a human.  The skin for Uranians looked porcelain white, which tended to yellow with old age.  They had bird-like feet and legs with three long toes in front and one around the heel in the back.  They had no use for shoes with their thickly callused legs, tail, and feet.  The long bird-like toes also made shoes impractical, but Uranian vanity knew no bounds when a fashion statement became the inspiration.  Their hands also featured three fingers with an opposable thumb.  They were like birds mutated by a switched-on pentanthropomorphic gene-switch, having mouths resembling a beak with lips growing over it.  They had 4 front teeth resembling a beak split in a straight line from top to bottom down the middle.  The four teeth in front extended and retracted to open and close the mouth.  That made them look like they had a cross on their chins that widened and narrowed as they opened and closed their mouth.  The lips only closed completely over this tooth arrangement with conscious effort, which gave Uranians a buck-toothed appearance to the Earth-eye.  The lips appeared to snarl as they breathed through nostrils under the upper lip, a hole in each top front tooth.  Four similar beak-like teeth in the back chewed independently with the jaw while independent muscles from the temple and chin retracted front teeth.  That made their ears further down and behind the head.  The eyes were more prominent than a human's and close together with no place for a nose, although nostrils appeared under the upper lip when they flared open to breathe.  Behind the bird-like Uranian body protruded a mouse-like tail on the males, while females only featured a stub for the posterior and a slightly shorter arm reach.
Ploabot served as a Uranian on the local council for the capital city named Keshdesh.  This council in the capital city would be regarded as a special appointment from regional councils that served as a federal council over the whole planet's only real country.   Society functioned as a mixture of local councils that managed budgets for society's value, food production, and infrastructure management.  Yards mainly were gardens, and transportation had always been electric through all recorded history.  The Uranians barely grasped the concept of electricity.  Only the most intelligent scientists understand this science because it had long been regarded as the gods' magic energy given to the Aungtalli priests.  Gods had intervened several hundred thousand Tze-Doldus years ago to save the Uranians from destroying themselves.  Local councils answered to the King on the planet who served as a pawn to the Aungtalli priests in the present day and age.  The one-continent planet has orbited under ideal conditions for a billion years, which is reflected in the fact that the current Uranian society had been stable way longer than all human history on Earth.  Civilization would be presided over by Kings appointed from three royal families and a class for Aungtalli priests so exclusive that they were a different species with larger hairless bodies and larger craniums.
Ploabot breathed in the cool evening air, watching the last from the Sun's dim light set into a shrinking line with light across the sunset horizon under misty green and blue skies.  He approached the house to his old friend from childhood days who went by the name Hanson.  Ploabot felt uneasy about his meeting since it happened because a request by the local Aungtalli bishop had been issued for Ploabot to go and try to talk some sense into his friend, the science rebel.  He needed Hanson to end his protest over closing the Ministry of Science to come back to inclusion in the community, which became less and less democratic and more and more a theocracy thanks to Aungtalli priest influence on the King.  Only then could Hanson have his energy turned back on, which he had been doing scientific experiments with the ire from the priests who control that mysterious sacred power.
Hanson had become a thorn in the local counsel's side since the Ministry of Science had been de-funded and disbanded by a recent monarch decree.  The Ministry closure had no doubt been at the behest from Aungtalli priest influence.  Aungtalli priests controlled society with their undisputed control over the magical energy that made all the world's wheels turn to the contentment from civilization.  The priests lifted the world out from a dark age left in the wake to a brief fossil fuel age over 200,120 years ago.  A Uranian day is 14 Earth hours long, and they have a 69 day year, so 200,120 Uranian years is actually about 20,455 Earth years.  According to recorded history, those fuels poisoned the food supply in the atmosphere, provided on Urania by the green sky rains.
Ploabot pondered that very ancient history while looking at Hanson's pod pollen tree in his front yard, which had become a remnant from those ancient times.  Even the Science Ministry agreed with priest stories that pod pollen trees were planted from the sky before anything grew in the soil on Urania.  Old myths speak about the sky god Beataphoriah himself planting these old pod pollen trees.  That came from ancient legends that even pre-dated the Aungtalli rise, but they still echo into today's Uranian society.  Pod pollen trees routinely shoot a cloud with pollen gas into the air.  
That gas rises up to cultivate vegetation that grew in the upper atmosphere skies.  That pod pollen tree activity gives the skies over Urania a misty emerald green hue.  In ages before recorded history, animals on the planet were nourished by seedpods that still fall from the skies with the rains.  These pods are different shapes, colors, and tastes, but they were all eatable.  Ploabot used to eat them all the time as a kid.  Now, as a distinguished member of the world council, he preferred prepared restaurant foods.
He stopped to watch the pod pollen tree as it started making its familiar creaking sound.  The creaking from a pod pollen tree warned all around that it was about to shoot its pollen gas out from one among many horn-like branches.  The branches mostly pointed straight up in the air with ends that opened to the sky like trumpets.  The branch's pointing-upward tendencies were good because you didn't want to be in the way of the gas cloud with pollen from a pod pollen tree, which shot out in a cloud puff to rise up afterward.  These pod pollen trees were regarded as sacred dinosaurs from the planet's origins, which initially cultivated all the vegetation that now flourished on Urania.  Almost everyone these days maintains a pod pollen tree in their gardens.  Pods still fell from the sky, and many animals still ate them.  Ploabot could even still be caught enjoying a pod from the sky now and then, depending on the color.  Uranians also enjoyed the eggs from haffaffats and milk provided by waffs and loaves of bread made from fields with wheat-like laffastocks.  The ecosystem only entertained a couple hundred major animals with bird and insect life always aspiring toward the gas forests in the upper atmosphere.  
The upper atmosphere still teemed with the result from ancient terra-forming programs instigated by the star-door technology, which still chugged away somewhere on this planet, probably buried under the Great Glacial Mountain beneath nova bombardments and a billion years with shifting golden dirt.  The star-door out there somewhere still looked over the planet for as long as the white dwarf star's fusion power fed it the phantom matter for its creative power.  That terra-forming routine seemed to be stuck in the first phase to the terra-forming program, stuck in a seemingly infinite loop as if waiting a billion years for someone to come along and press a button.
Ploabot instinctively leaped backward when the tree shot its greenish-yellow gas cloud that floated gently upward like a helium balloon.  Ploabot straightened out his upper garb that resembled a cowboy or fisherman's vest with a shoulder strapped purse that he adjusted back to his side.  Below his waist, he wore a granny skirt, or kilt, which pretty much made up the pants in this society with bird bodies.  Some Uranians sometimes wore stylish wide pant-like leg garments, but the males mostly found them too feminine for their tastes and preferred skirts.  Ploabot's tail protruded out from a hole in the back on his kilt as he continued to the door for his friend Hanson.  Aungtalli priests say the pollen tree is proof of the creator god's existence, while the Ministry of Science always argued that life "evolved” this way naturally.  The Ministry put forward writings by his friend Hanson that proposed a theory that Uranians were once fish or bird species that became too big to fly.  Hence, the wings evolved into arms and these adaptable hands.
That word probably got the Ministry of Science shut down; "evolve.”  Hanson had made the word up in an anthropological study he conducted while he traveled the Archipelago Seas.  Hanson's observations led him to a whole new hypothesis on life and where we came from.  For all its contributions to civilization and society, the Ministry of Science had crossed the line with the Aungtalli priests.  Uranians came from the priest's own sacred area for expertise, although the scientists in the Ministry had been winning their arguments in recent years over the age of things.  
Ploabot approached the door to his friend Hanson.  He knocked on the wood door, which gave off an echo sound.  Hanson's female companion Veldada slid the door open while her face brightened at the site from Ploabot.  
"Hello, Ploabot.  Sorry, Hanson's not here.
I can't tell you when back here he will steer.
You're welcome to wait here till he comes by.
He's at the House of Records.  So that's why."
Ploabot always had been attracted to Veldada since their early childhood days, but the less shy Hanson claimed her hand before Ploabot could even muster the nerve to ask her out, but his heart still leaped at the look from her face brightening when she saw him.  "He'll stay there long after the day is dim.
Thank you, but I'll just go there to find him.”  Veldada looked disappointed by this decision.  Ploabot's heart leaped again when he noticed that.
"Well, you're still welcome to wait over here.
I'll see you again when you come back, dear.
That partner of mine is recently felled,
Hanson, the scientist now just expelled."


Ploabot at the Door to the House of  Hanson

Ploabot giggled at Veldada's rhyme and smiled as he departed the house of Hanson.  Hanson made a point living conveniently within walking distance to the House of Records.  The House of Records basically served as a library for all intents and purposes.  He felt sorry for Veldada, who seemed in good spirits even though she must also endure in that house with all the energy turned off.  He marveled at his friend Hanson's unquenchable thirst for knowledge, but Hanson didn't know when to stop defending it in a society run by priests who also served as the secret police.
He didn't even know when to take a break from it all to just help Veldada with her goal in life, to possess her own egg, not Hanson's crusade for achieving perfect knowledge, and justice in the world.  Uranians nursed their young just like mammals, but they lay eggs after an incubation process that follows conception.  The eggs hatch in a couple of months, but most women donate eggs to nurseries run by Aungtalli priests.  He knew Veldada and knew she wouldn't do that.  He knew that she really wanted a child now more than ever.  
A glaring hypocritical point is that Aungtalli priests preached family values on the one hand but then, on the other hand, encouraged females to give up their fertilized eggs to the Aungtalli baby business.  This could not be lost on the critical thinking Uranian.

A nudist approached Ploabot as he came upon the House of Records building.  The House of Records stood warehouse-sized with an arched roof made from gold brick painted a deep greenish-brown.  
Clothing could be arguably arbitrary on a tropical planet like Urania, but the Aungtalli imposed the practice for wearing clothes, only rejected by the most deranged enemies to civilized society.  Ploabot thought about the facilities provided to house the nutcases in the community who were, nevertheless, still free to wander the street should they choose.  The King maintained his place securely in the present society by not constantly caving into the conspicuously robust autocratic control from Aungtalli priests.  The King defended and championed the rights and freedoms of individuals, which kept him immune from revolution as long as everybody stayed happy with their comfortable lives.  The King mediated between the local councils and priests, who mysteriously controlled the strings in the society like a religious oligarchy.
The ramblings from the passing naked crazy Uranian began singing their way into Ploabot's ears, causing him to stop and hear the guy out, which is customary for Uranians who all strive to sing the language and are suckers for a well-crafted song.  The naked birdman fired his crazed gaze on Ploabot's eyes while turning up the volume to his schizophrenic drivel, having noticed a willing audience to his incomprehensible sermon.
Uranians speak a chirping language written on 4 music-like stanza lines, similar to Earth music.  That empowers the tongue with a melodic, emotional dimension that makes them sound like birds with a sense of melody, who can keep musical time and hold notes, unlike actual birds.  This writing conveys the rhythm and pentameter from the language as it slips into the Uranian tendency to be carried away in song with linguistic expression.
The crazy naked Uranian stopped before Ploabot and sang his song, which broke most rhyming pentameter rules in the language, and mostly lacked coherence.
"Of this sight
taken on of my might.
For my dream has awakened
to rhythm forsaken.
I try to control
every thought that is spoken
so that this long threading
can be long when broken.
I have seen such a vision,
a horror incision
of what can now be
at this end of Uranian vision.
A light cast on darkness,
a madness within,
I feel so awakened
though I slept not a wink.
Now the Sun shines at night time,
together a link.
So upon me a mystery
now does invade
that makes me now wonder
what shall we be paid?
An amazing kind of judgment
like the last prophet said,
so now it has slain me
though I am not dead,
though it may now know
every thought in my head.
No, what can I do
in this paradox day?
I find there's no way out
except for the way.
It hears now, I'm sure,
as a mind mirror rival.
Before just the devil
challenged my survival."
Now Ploabot became annoyed as the crazy man drew closer into Ploabot's face, grabbing his vest.
"But now, like before Ei
I stand here and say
that the night was far easier
than the Sun's dawning day."
Ploabot pushed the Uranian away, having finally had enough from his drivel.  
"Stop, sir!  Go get help!  You smell of dry heaves.
It's time you stopped smoking troopaloo leaves."
The dejected naked crazy Uranian just stood and yelled at Ploabot's back as Ploabot continued on the path to the House of Records.
"For indeed this knowledge
only feigns its normality
for this new program
shines upon my mortality
with something eternal,
yes, even divine.
A moment when the dream being
did but stop by to dine,
and showed me the virtual reality sign!"

Ploabot found Hanson at the House of Records mulling over scrolls and virtual screens in a deep study over ancient records and archaeological finds.  "I have found you at last.  Hello old friend.
To this place, it was Veldada did send.”  Ploabot brushed Hanson's tail as he approached his table covered with scrolls.
Hanson looked up at his old friend, a bit surprised that he didn't stay with Veldada to wait for his return.  He knew Ploabot would have wanted to, and he was sure Veldada offered.  "Hello, Ploabot.  I've heard advice and taunts.
I've just stubbornness reserved for response."
Ploabot said, "Oh Hanson, think of the goals to achieve
regardless of what it is, you believe.
You have to work with the world as it is.
Your theories are unproven about this."
Hanson went on.  "Our gene research started the solution
to prove my theory of evolution.
But we've always argued that against priest.
Of reasons for the closing, that one's least.
We've always preferred critical thinking
to diving into dogma then sinking.
It wasn't evolution that shut down
the Science Ministry with its renown."
Ploabot became intrigued.  "I don't know what it was the priests called crime.
Tell me, Hanson, what did you do this time?"
Hanson answered.  "Well, it all began with this scope, you see
scanning this ancient data disk for me.
It came from our archaeology gang,
and under this scanner, the data sang."
Ploabot spoke up to fast forward the expected history Hanson prepared to dictate since he already knew it.  "I know of this found in deserts down south.
I have learned of this disk by word of mouth.
It's made by a culture, not on the list
of history, so it cannot exist.
The world's just three hundred thousand years old.
That disk's older than that, I have been told.
Aungtalli say the world's made by Ei.
If your find is real, then we don't know why.
You challenge known history at great risk.
So what did you find on this laser disk?"
"Extraordinary information,”  began Hanson,
"was being translated for the nation.
We found in ruins of an ancient town,
but then the Aungtalli shut us down.
We deciphered a strange language on it,
and numeric data also was writ
that included radio frequencies
to find things in the sky above the breeze,
orbiting satellites still in their place
can now be contacted in outer space
with knowledge from this disk of secret codes
to make them send me their image downloads."
Hanson paused for Ploabot to say something, but Ploabot remained speechless with his mouth protruding open, and his jaw dropped down only as if he wanted to say something.  "To shrink this narrative otherwise long
years of hard work made this disk sing its song.
We toyed with a theory to find out why
that it's to contact objects in the sky.
We tested the theory with radio,
and it worked, showing us what we now know.
Ancient Uranians launched satellites
To observe the Sun and many more sights.
Long before our Aungtalli reliance,
we were already masters of science.
The Aungtalli came to steal that away
for the same reason I'm shut down today."
Ploabot started to get his speech back.  "You tell me ancient fossil fuel burners
were really great Uranian learners?
Their tragic end was by primitive rage.
We're above that in this enlightened age.
You call them advanced beyond where I sit.
You say they even put things in orbit?
That makes the ancients not seem so tragic
to gain much without Aungtalli magic."
This stretched Ploabot's own belief limits regarding his reality.  Nobody who considered academic studies actually believed the Aungtalli priest stories about creation, but it's universally accepted that the Aungtalli priests saved Uranians from a savage dark age.  
That Dark Age had ensued after a more ancient civilization foolishly almost poisoned the planet to total extinction with energy sources that destroyed whole ecosystems.  The idea that such a primitive and savage society could be advanced enough to put satellites in space became a blow to his paradigm about living in the most advanced Uranian civilization for all Uranian history.
Hanson continued.  "They had fossil-fueled rockets.  We've been blind.
That's not all we've learned from this ancient find.
We've learned much watching this laser disk play
to control satellites there to this day.
Smythan was to announce this, then he died
by a tree in a wrist-slit suicide.
He was found in a field early this year.
He was really murdered.  That's what I fear.
The Ministry of Science was shut down
soon after against my protest and frown.
Now I'm banished from almost everything
just because I lodged protests with the King."
Ploabot started thinking he suffered information overload when suddenly, all the lights in the House of Records went out.  Darkness shrouded everything in black, which only slowly became illuminated again by a faint glow from the setting white dwarf star glowing just under the dusk horizon.  Ploabot looked out the window where night covered the landscape with dark silhouettes from once lit-up buildings.  It turned out the whole city had just suffered a total blackout to the sacred energy given to Aungtalli priests.  According to popular legend, that energy had been provided by the very gods themselves to save Uranian civilization from the folly from cruder hydrocarbon energy sources.  Energy blackouts were something else that seemed to be happening a lot lately.  
The Aungtalli priests said it is because society began to forsake the Aungtalli ways, beginning to break eggs, engage in same-sex sexual behavior, or other sins defined by the morality agenda from the pompous Aungtalli priest class.  They kept the secrets regarding invisible energy yet seemed as baffled as everyone else about why this power kept blacking out for several minutes at a time, all over the planet.  As far as Aungtalli priests were concerned, it was always because Uranians were making the gods mad.  Ploabot did the math in his head and concluded that this had been the eighth power blackout this year.
Hanson nudged his friend.  "The cause for these blackouts isn't what you read.
Truth is revealed by the satellite feed.”  His voice lowered next to Ploabot's ear to mask the heresy he now would reveal.  "These blackouts are caused by fires from the Sun
that engulf this planet when they are done.
This energy is so intense and strong
that energy circuits can't play along.
It puts Aungtalli energy grids out.
It's gotten worse again.  What's that about?"
The lights around the whole city flickered back on at that moment, and the information scope began to boot back up.  Ploabot became distracted for a moment from the question stuck in his head.  
"These blackouts I know as a recent curse.
What do you mean by 'again' it's got worse?"
Hanson said, "Archeological archives have shown
that they were brilliant from what they had known.
They recorded solar flares from the Sun
that made power blackouts when they were done.
The Sun goes through phases through history.
It sets the sky on fire when blustery.
The last time that happened was the Dark Age,
before this new age of Aungtalli sage.
Its story today is in Medaloom,
who persecuted the priests to his doom.
Fifty thousand years before what we know
Was the true history from which myths now flow."
The event Hanson spoke about actually happened –53,240 years ago, at the start of known history.  It inspired the legend about King Medaloom, who was punished after the Aungtalli prayed to their gods.
Ploabot found himself finishing the legend in his mind as he remembered the old church story from childhood.  "…So all greatly fear where gods have now been.
The sky caught fire for a single king's sin.
Gods bring suffering when they must resolve.
Blessed is one who's own problems they solve."
Hanson noticed Ploabot's head turn to observe a digital surveillance mechanism that buzzed as it turned its Aungtalli energy-powered eye toward the table they were conversing at.  "Yes, the walls are always interested
in what I now dig through, and what I did.
If they weren't so obsessed with what I find
I'd be banished here too.  They'd be less kind.
Perhaps I'd even suffer like my friend
Smythan who did not deserve his sad end."
Ploabot comforted his friend.  "A petition for audience I'd send
if banned from the House of Records, my friend."
"I appreciate that.  It calms my fears,
though petitions are heard by hostile ears.
Come with me.  I'm now done here for the night.
I've got something to show your amazed sight."
As they departed the watchful surveillance from the House of Records to the open air outside, Hanson began to speak audibly louder and more detailed about ancient advanced civilizations existing before all recorded history.  
Stories from Ploabot's childhood church days seemed to jump out from the depths in his mind into consciousness as if in defiance to the blasphemous information Hanson suddenly felt so free to ramble on about.  The problem with this crazy Uranian who now rambled on and on at him was that he made perfect sense, and the church really did just teach him silly tales with untruth.

Upon entering the House of Hanson to the circular inner doorway where the floor dipped into a shallow water pool, Ploabot washed his feet and then circled his bird-like torso to stand on the towel provided by a floor appliance that they used to dry wet feet.  Uranians didn't wear shoes on their bird-like feet, and custom dictated that they wash the feet upon entering from outside.  As Ploabot entered the main room, something suddenly occurred to him while he habitually pressed a button to advance the towel apparatus upon which he dried his feet.  Ploabot exclaimed, "The lights still work, and your appliances!?
Priests turned this off with all alliances!”  Hanson explained.
"The power still works, and all that I do
is use knowledge from that disk I showed you.
How much extra work and chores do-or-die
do you do for your energy supply?"
Ploabot apologized for his political favors.  "We all pay a fair share in this nation
to the Bishop for civilization."
Hanson stopped him.  "But what if this power, or energy
came from the ground like nature, and was free?"
The question struck Ploabot as rhetorical while he changed between the two channels on the virtual entertainment device that still worked.  Ploabot became baffled at how Hanson could even keep the channels turning on at all.  "You steal from the Aungtalli power grid,
or something just like that is what you did.
Coaglium wire through a neighbor's door
restores this power.  It's been done before.
Stealing energy is punished severe.
They can trace the drainage to your neighbor."
Ploabot heard Veldada giggle from the food preparation room, where she washed dishes within earshot from their conversation.  Hanson made his defense.  "This was discovered by scientists toil.
My energy comes right out of the soil.
I don't say I'll not see trouble you fear.
They get this the same way I do right here.
Come now, I'll show you what it is I do.
You'll see what it is that I've tapped into.
I want a council member to regard,
I'm entitled to what's in my backyard."
Hanson led Ploabot out the back door to the backyard garden, just like many other gardens featured behind most Uranian homes.  In the backyard, Ploabot observed a wire from the house connected to another wire between two metal posts that stuck out from the ground like a 'T' shaped wire clothesline.
"I got this from an ancient data disk
three hundred thousand years old.  All I risk
is the crime of sticking poles in the ground; 
twenty klepts deep is the secret I found.
They're angled to the magnetic effect
of the planet, and they must be perfect.
This sends me the unlimited power
to my house, so to them, I won't cower.
The Aungtalli priests can forget their fines
and their Energy Temple power lines.
This was how ancient cultures then did it.
The Great Temple does this, but they hid it.
This is how all our energy goes forth
from their great Energy Temple up north."
Ploabot once again became speechless.  His first reaction was to not believe him.  Since childhood, Hanson, his good friend, had always given his personal paradigm a workout, but this night had been particularly notable.  Hanson continued informing Ploabot about why Aungtalli priests in power felt intimidated by his research along with research by his inquiring friends at the Ministry of Science.  "The Aungtalli priests control you, and I
with claim to the energy of Ei,
but their central energy plant up north
is useless if from the backyard comes forth
the energy of Ei free for all.
I need you to know this before I fall."
Ploabot became overwhelmed.  "This is all just too amazing, Hanson,
power from the ground to light a mansion?
The blessing of Ei comes from the few.
What you are now showing me can't be true.
The Aungtalli Bishop sent me here to
warn you of god's anger at what you do."
Hanson laughed an evil chirping sound upon hearing that.  A reddish glow seemed to also light up his face as he laughed, adding to the devilish effect.  "You know as I do and do not lack it
that the Aungtalli priests are a racket.
Growing up, we both joked about that till
you got your job at the nation's council."
Ploabot said, "I know, old friend.  I work with them.  Get it?
They're mostly good.  You don't give them credit.”  Ploabot became fixated on the red-orange glow flickering on his friend and now the house behind him.  "You just see evil in the priests.  I tire.
I must change the subject.  Something's on fire!"
Ploabot lost his thought train as both Hanson and Ploabot stood in the backyard garden watching bright orange glowing lines appear up in the night sky darkness above Urania, like slow-burning lightning that split up the sky into glowing orange cracks in the night.  A solar flare erupted with such direct force that the upper atmosphere vegetation began to catch fire above the whole world.  The sky over Urania had actually remained this flammable because an agricultural terra-forming program still existed that thus far had failed to turn itself off from a sky vegetation strategy implemented maybe a billion Earth years before.  The sky should have been turned back to blue once the pH balance in the planet's golden soil had finally returned to something that could support plant life.  
Several million Uranians across the planet watched the night sky catch fire, and most simultaneously thought that the gods had become angry.  Then they all unanimously remembered an old story told in childhood by the Aungtalli church.

Listen, children.  Heed the story I turn
Listen careful, so you will grow and learn
of the evil reign of King Medaloom.
To avoid folly, you can't learn too soon.
King Medaloom was evil, it is true.
He killed the priests and would kill me and you.
So the Aungtalli priests bowed down to pray
for the gods to save them from that sad day.
So the gods intervened like they would do,
and they killed the King, so his reign was through.
The gods set the sky on fire to then say,
don't ask of the gods what your role must play.
So greatly fear the ground where gods have been.
The sky caught on fire for just one King's sin.
Gods bring suffering when they do resolve.
Blessed is one whose own problems they solve.

Chapter 3:  Aquari Arrives At Goag Ralus

Aquari reduced his speed into the sub-light range as he approached the mighty Goag Ralus.  He zigged and zagged through the kaleidoscope from several thousand rapidly orbiting globular star clusters all packed into the central parsec for the galaxy.  
All those stars are packed in everywhere except the dark circular void in the center encircled by a ring with gas that feeds the radio signal from the galaxy's supermassive black hole called Ralus Xnoga.  There, the galaxy's supermassive black hole sits quietly and patiently awaiting the occasional star or molecular cloud with debris to eventually be swept over the massive galactic event horizon waterfall away beyond reality.  Already a thin noodle made with light stretches its way across the dark void to the event horizon in the center where Ralus Xnoga feasts.  It is said that Aquari is probably at least a descendant from the Aigon Sophin in the first age to Magphoreus.  They helped clear out this region to quiet down the once ravenous Ralus Xnoga, which translates as 'Star Hole' in ancient Nephaprican.  Aquari reduced speed, knowing that his old friend Goag Ralus would be broadcasting on a radio frequency as soon as It spotted Aquari.  
Aquari liked to slow down a way out, knowing that Goag had been squinting Its telescopic vision in the direction Aquari had been calculated to arrive from.  He saw the seven points on Goag Ralus getting more prominent in the distance.  Before, Aquari focused on one from the seven stars that each orbited a point at the great Goag Ralus, Who measured in size to be more enormous than Earth's whole solar system.  
Goag Ralus (Constructor of Stars) spun as a ring from ancient Nephaprican technology with a molecular material nebula in Its center.  Goag became the pinnacle result of virtual particle technologies developed by the Eagolim, who migrated here in the second galactic age.  Goag Ralus defies Its own crushing mass by controlling Its own gravity (also known as virtual particle creation) like someone over-conscious about their own weight.  With total control over gravity and powered by seven stars, each more than 30 solar masses, Goag Ralus has reshaped the galactic bar with stars that existed in the second age, which turned into the Fybrolus galactic arm in this present time.  The Fybrolus galactic arm creation signaled to intelligent life in other galaxies that something extraordinary happened here in Magphoreus.  After 10 million years in their galactic evolution, the Eagolim arrived here and created Goag Ralus to labor away at filling the future of Magphoreus with solar systems that could support terrestrial life.
* * *
(Some galactic history from the Nephaprican databanks preserved by the Eigalli)

Although the formations for Magphoreus began in an orderly calculus, in the first billion years of the universe, chaos and violent destruction existed in all the most significant galaxies.  This echoed from the turmoil and violence that originated as our understanding known as the Big Bang.  This stage to the first age of Magphoreus had been extreme for what began with simple fusion to condensed gas, resulting in a supermassive black hole fed by the massive potential matter and energy encompassed by the first stars in the age.  These mother stars were too large to live very long lives.  
The light blue population III stars or mother stars forged the original complex molecules in the universe like the original wombs for life.  They also fed the black hole called Ralus Xnoga in the high language for the galactic individuals that inhabited the Nephaprican Empire.
The Nephapricans were able to document interventions with intelligent life forms during that time when Ralus Xnoga cleared the center to Magphoreus from many million ancient stars.  Perhaps the fact that the Nephapricans knew about Aquari helped them document a life form that evolved during this galaxy's first 4 billion year-long age.  
This had not been terrestrial life.  Somehow, it found its origin with the destruction of population III stars and the formations for population II stars that consisted of less mass and heavier elements.  The Nephapricans believed that entities such as Aquari evolved during this first age.  
The Incapricans, on the other hand, tend to speculate that these light organisms are from a higher dimension that has long been exploring our universe with two dimensional-aspects.  From the technologies that evolved from examining ancient photons came the discoveries of pre-life life that were life forms that emitted photon energy and struggled with other pre-life enigmas related somehow to Ralus Xnoga.  The many million stars that quenched the supermassive black hole's initial appetite ultimately ushered in the second galactic age that began around five billion Earth years after what we understand as the Big Bang.  Toward the end of the first galactic age, a period in tremendous galactic activity began.  
Current Earth understanding would quickly dismiss fairy tales about light entities that existed in the first galactic age and probably point out that they don't exist now.  The Nephapricans would simply point out Aquari.
Aquari had become known as a light organism that probably even came at least from the first galactic age.  Aquari may even actually qualify as immortal with no known beginning or end.  Aquari remains a mystery and subject for speculation among several thousand life forms that have had the pleasure of meeting him/her/it/Aquari.  The ancient Nephapricans in the second age definitely would not have passed up the opportunity to study Aquari.  They probably obtained incredible knowledge about Aquari's nature, history, and origin.  
One such unresolved mystery about Aquari would be the question of where other beings like Aquari are found?  As far as is known, there are no other entities like Aquari, at least not in this galactic area.  Perhaps each galaxy has some life form like Aquari zooming from star to star, resembling impossible comets faster than light.  Although the lore recorded by the Nephaprican Empire has many stories about Aquari, it is always just the one Aquari.  It also might be that such entities are impossible to tell apart.  His appearances on many worlds have often resulted in recorded history, with some mention regarding a light being.
Toward the end of the first age for Magphoreus, it appeared that there were many life forms very similar to Aquari.  They apparently met their demise with the rise of Ralus Xnoga.  The galaxy's supermassive black hole devoured much of the first stars and civilizations with Aigon-Sophin, which translates as a word meaning children from the firstborn light.  
After the first age, the nature of reality seemed to change in a way that no longer supported the life that was the Aigon-Sophin.  The first age ended after putting out the quasar formed by Ralus Xnoga's feasting.  Magphoreus became a massive manufacturer for the complex elements that had to be created before life, as we understand life could exist.
After the demise of the Aigon-Sophin with the first galactic age, the beginning of life as we know it fueled by complex elements and mysterious alchemy from the stars had become stirred by light itself.  In the second age, life forms were now much more than just a trick in the light before molecules were complex enough to live.  With the sacrifice from the light in the first age, Magphoreus forged new elements that had never existed and stirred their wealth to the ends of its seven mighty arms.  The first 200 million years in the universe's dark beginnings saw the faint blue light that emerged from the Population III stars, which would dwarf many thousand entire solar systems like the Earth's in scale.  A few million years later, these stars began giving way to gravitational pressures creating havoc.  That resulted in the supermassive black hole, Ralus Xnoga, currently about 2.7 million solar masses packed into about a tenth that size itself in the center to the 13.6 billion Earth-year-old Magphoreus.
While terrestrial life may get more temperamental when given a short person complex, the 2.7 million solar mass black hole suffers from a dim light complex.  Ralus Xnoga pushed up against light's speed established by the Aigon.  At the same time, it tossed real stars around its orbit like toys at unimaginable speeds, not to mention despite the gravitational impossibilities predicted by Earth's relativity physics, Ralus Xnoga spins the entire galaxy.  The incredible ferocity from Ralus Xnoga had been tamed in the Great War over Light and Darkness told about in scientific legends by the Nephapricans to explain the first age in the galaxy.
In the second age, Magphoreus began to swallow surrounding cluster galaxies and wandering starburst galaxies.  Although stars from these smaller galaxies did not have heavy elements, it appears that terrestrial life may have seeded this galaxy initially with terrestrial life from swallowed peripheral galaxies.  This original terrestrial life is the oldest life known, cold-blooded, and reptilian in nature.  Being cold-blooded, the advanced races obtained the ability to live over a million Earth years as their aspirations in evolution, intelligence, and civilization began to launch across the depths of space to other stars.  Even the Nephapricans who rose up a few billion years later would only obtain a few thousand Earth yearlong life spans in length by the end of the golden age in their empire when the actual Nephapricans disappeared along with the seven great star-doors.  Short life spans handicapped the Nephaprican's ability to maintain a galactic culture.  Reptilian life proved capable of a genuinely galactic life span.  However, reptilian life embraced a nature less inclined to rise up to the challenge from space travel or even civilization, or intelligence at all for that matter, being a more straightforward expression for terrestrial life.  However, the exceptions to this rule are among the most ancient well-established advanced galactic civilizations out there, proving the efficiency of keeping things simple.
Magphoreus has become over 100 trillion stars strong encompassing a spiral ellipse 17,000 parsecs wide and a light-year thick, and has swallowed several dozen surrounding dwarf galaxies with a few million stars to contribute to the design of the great and ancient Magphoreus.  The galaxy remains surrounded by a halo from these simple stars where reptilian life may have begun its chromosome combinations that were understood by Nephapricans to be a molecular mechanism left behind the demise of the light life-forms inhabiting the first galactic age.
Whatever way life had actually initially learned to copy itself, it is known to galactic civilizations that the basic codon and chromosome arrangements are fundamentally identical in terrestrial life that evolves in the habitable zones around stars.  There are, however, many different life forms thriving in the galaxy, even beyond anything we would recognize as life.  Magphoreus actually has zones where life will tend toward one kind or another.  
For example, the galaxy near the center area is very violent and spinning at unimaginable speeds.  In this galactic zone, silicon-based life is actually ordinary.  Silicon life had origins early on in the beginning to the second age.  There may be some actual silicon-based life forms evolving on Saturn's moon Titan, which are similar to the kind described on planets near the galaxy's center, but that's only speculation in this writing.
Most life forms that have evolved on habitable planets in Magphoreus are exhibited on Earth in some form or another.  These forms of life are in varying degrees for advancement based on the environment.  A type that is an almost inanimate plant on Earth may take a form that speaks a language, walks up to you, and shakes your hand on another planet that probably has an environment requiring you to wear a spacesuit.  Warm-blooded mammal life is more rare in this galaxy, although very likely to attain high intelligence.  One profound mechanism in DNA constructed by the Aigon-Sophin became intelligent life's tendency to trigger the pentanthropomorphic gene switches.  A genome with enough pentanthropomorphic gene switches turned on results in upright organisms on two legs with two arms and one head.  The five fingers and five-toe configuration is the most popular, although there are other exceptions to this code's application due to the contribution from natural selection by reality.  The pentanthropomorphic gene switches are something warm-blooded life forms have in common with intelligent reptile ones with cold-blooded metabolisms.  A glaring exception to that rule is aquatic life on water worlds throughout the galaxy.  Still, these forms for life tend to view anything outside their water environments as a whole other dimension altogether.  Thus only a few aquatic life forms seem to have evolved to the status as galactic beings that can travel the unfathomable distance between stars to colonize their famous life brand on a world far beyond the planet that served as the cradle to their existence.  To an intelligent life form from a water world, even the concept regarding dry land can seem like an incomprehensible dimension or the stuff of unsettling dreams.
Magphoreus has even spawned a few million successful galactic races from insect and arachnid life forms during the 8 or 9 billion years since the start of the second galactic age.  There have even been many methane breathing life forms taken to interstellar travel from homeworlds that exist far outside the warm habitable area around a star.  On the planets with methane breathers, ammonia gas serves as the refreshing water where archaeologists dig up ancient arrowheads made with water during the water age on a world so cold that rocks happen to be made from H2O.

* * *
After a mysterious call to Nephapricus in the second age for Magphoreus, some Eagolim had to migrate against the current for sanity to eventually arrive in the core of Magphoreus.  The Eagolim came here to accomplish Goag Ralus, and it appears that the orbit from Goag Ralus steadies the pole shifts on Ralus Xnoga, which can aim deadly gamma-ray blasts in unwanted directions throughout the galaxy.  The migration to the core took place over generations spreading galactic colonies and about five hundred thousand Earth years, constantly pushing forward to tame the harshest environments in existence.  They didn't have the knowledge to create Goag Ralus when the migration first started out.  The Eagolim arrived at this knowledge through several hundred thousand Earth years of focused evolution.  First came the Golimechoid life forms.


Aquari, Goag Ralus, & Ralus Xnoga

A circumference seeking a center is the nature of the universe.  This is true from the character in an atom to the cell and up to planets and stars.  Even galaxies clump according to the direction for the virtual particle phenomenon that eventually created the universe itself out from nothing.  In zero gravity, objects clump together because the virtual particles exchange becomes glue, defining polarity and spin.  All things exchange virtual particles, with effect from individual objects overshadowed by a whole planet's contribution to the phenomenon, even though the virtual particle force holding you together is far more potent than the planet's force upon you.  The Eagolim, however, had figured out how to control the black hole's virtual particle effect with heavy metal-based gyroscopic energy fields.  Nephapricans had the advantage of studying the corona effects in the original 15-star cluster to figure out gravity since a corona is the virtual particle effect from a star illuminated by the photons reflecting off the virtual particle phenomenon itself.  In this, the Eagolim saw the malleability to reality and that its phantom matter and virtual particle phenomenon could be molded like clay.
A point around Goag Ralus orbited by an ancient red giant star called Hyderon began poking out from the void as Aquari approached.  Goag spun on its orbit around Ralus Xnoga, still evidently unaware of Aquari's approach, while like a galactic sheepdog, it herded stars that were born out from the compact accretion gas disk.  Goag Ralus had a complex orbit at half a million miles per hour that brought it a whole parsec out into the circumnuclear disk with molecular gas every 311 Earth years, which defined a tek, or a year on Goag Ralus.  A tek had also become accepted by many galactic civilizations as the period in a galactic year.
At last, Goag Ralus had located its old friend Aquari.  A radio broadcast announced its signal on a frequency Aquari the two-dimensional cosmic entity had been known to hear.  "Hello, Aquari, old friend.  Many here have long awaited your arrival to My lands with many atmospheres.  I hope you have had good fortune in your journeys through the galactic labyrinths.  I look forward to your stories about terrestrial life in the outskirts to our loved galaxy, the mighty Magphoreus."
"Hello, Goag Ralus, old friend.  I have wasted no time with exploration since departing Beagud back on the Orion arm.  Beagud sent me here with salutations and assuring stories about life still evolving from terrestrial to galactic life forms.  I have seen star streams on their way to outer arms since my last visit.  I admire what You've done with the probabilities for life."
The voice from Goag Ralus bashfully said, "I season and stir the life soup that is already here.  I look forward to your stories about the life out there still evolving on the nebulae and molecular clouds I have flung out there millions of teks ago.  Please come to the Eigalli lands where My avatar awaits you to accomplish an embrace."
Aquari suddenly realized that they probably must have prepared a corpse for him to assume a terrestrial form.  "Sounds like I have an avatar of sorts for myself to pull off this embrace."
"You are correct, Aquari, but I think that Deliadre wants to tell you all about that."
Goag Ralus created pre-programmed nebulae from the inner galactic soup with nova remnants and molecular clouds expelled toward the outer arms.  In steady orbits, they produce ideal stars with even elliptical phantom matter planes that result in habitable dry planets and other amazing wonders.  Goag Ralus created the Orion nebula, which had been pre-programmed to produce the star that became the herald to morning on planet Earth.
Aquari continued his descent into the atmospheres for a nearby point that had been orbited by another red giant star, which could swallow moons from Jupiter's orbit if it occupied the exact location as the star over Earth.  
Many thousand life forms have visited Goag Ralus after discovering Its existence in the last four billion Earth years.  Goag Ralus has never failed to accommodate them with atmosphere and gravity to suit them, and there still was room on Goag Ralus for much, much more.  Clearly, Goag Ralus had been designed to serve this purpose as an oasis for safety in the cruel galactic core.  Each of the seven stars powering Goag Ralus, the wonderful oasis for life, has a planet or two orbiting It on a solar ellipse independent from the orbit of the great seven-pointed solar system-sized ring that is Goag Ralus.  The life that came to Goag Ralus did not live in orbit around these stars that were occasionally also thrown out into the void to be replaced by a new power source.  
There were civilizations of Golimechoid life living about those stars that orbited Goag Ralus.  The Golimechoid performed needed maintenance for the power collection and other tasks related to the seven stars that orbited and powered Goag Ralus.  The Golimechoid life that lived here functioned like individual cells to serve the whole body called Goag Ralus.
It probably had not been a coincidence that the point that housed the civilization for the Eigalli became the point near Aquari's approach.  It had been a good forty Earth years after Deliadre talked Aquari into coming here, but Goag Ralus must have adjusted Its orbit in anticipation.  This humongous star constructor could easily be the most fantastic creation ever constructed by galactic individuals in the course of all galactic civilizations.  Aquari knew Goag Ralus very well and descended along the familiar path into the matter shrouded by atmospheres with mostly nitrogen, oxygen, and hydrogen.  Temperatures were suddenly fluctuating wildly around Aquari, something Aquari would be completely immune to.  That allowed Aquari to transcend phantom matter currents to attain his incredible speed.
The technology behind Goag Ralus embraced the power over reality creation, and Aquari could see the different realities all spread out below beyond human vision.  Since gravity equals the phenomenon from virtual particle creation, then this phenomenon shapes the phantom matter tides.  Control the virtual particle phenomenon, and you control the gravity currents.  Goag Ralus had been made to do just that.  
This allowed It to provide customized gravity to all the civilizations with immigrants who came here.  Gravity control also allowed Goag Ralus to avoid collapsing into a black hole under Its own impossible gravity from over 1300 solar masses.
After a constant descent toward the distant ground that seemed to just never get any closer, eventually, the clouds parted to reveal a civilization for the Eigalli, who was an evolutionary offshoot from the Eagolim who first built Goag Ralus, and then disappeared with the remainder to the Nephapricans.  
Aquari descended now low enough to see actual Eigalli that were walking the streets in their cities.  The blunt horn that crowns their dark blue humanoid heads as they looked up at Aquari flying above began to light up with colors and shapes in rapid communication.  Many recognized the legendary Aquari and also waved to him in the universal gesture for greetings.
Deliadre sat on a patio overlooking the capital city for the Eigalli, named Occuitah on the blessed lands on the great Goag Ralus, and she quickly noticed the commotion with light and shape language.  It was a beautiful place to exist, although the Eigalli were inquisitive explorers into the universe, which gave their nature a restlessness, always striving to learn and know more.  Aquari enjoyed coming here because they never failed to cause surprise at what they've been up to since his last visit.  This visit had already shaped up to be no different.  
Deliadre sat on the patio where her mother used to sit when it came time to see the cosmic entity called Aquari.  Aquari knew to come here when he finally arrived.  A two-dimensional light circle then suddenly appeared before Deliadre's vision.
"Hello, Deliadre.  I have at last arrived from the far end in the inner galaxy where we last talked."
"Hello, Aquari.  I have been waiting anxiously since our last conversation."
"You have grown up so much since my last visit here.  Alas, it is an enormous universe we all traverse to the rare occasions when our paths cross."
"Oh, do stay awhile, beloved Aquari.  As usual, we have much to show you.  Our studies with the photons that have originated on the outskirts to Magphoreus have found something amazing.” the Eigalli didn't need to travel the universe to explore it because they took the universe that came to them in the form of photons that recorded everything they reflected off in their immortal light-speed journeys.  
The highly evolved galactic technologies used by the Eigalli make the telescopes on Earth appear one-dimensional and primitive.  The Eigalli gathered photons, which never decay, from specific galactic locations.  Then they unlock the images actually recorded by the photon particles in the course of their 186,000 miles a second journey.  Naturally, this has to be done quickly to retrieve the photonic information before the particles continue their eternal journey at 186,000 miles a second.  Consequently, the Eigalli can literally play a stream with photons like a Hollywood movie.  
In fact, in a few thousand years, the Eigalli photon hunters will probably discover Earthlings.  The Eigalli then can acquire a taste for Hollywood movies that have already begun their 51,018-year photon journey to the core in the galaxy.
Aquari apologized to Deliadre for losing her mother, Nieniel, who lived as long as the Eigalli are known to live.  They live several thousand Earth years; however, eventually, even highly advanced galactic life forms want to experience death to see what lies beyond that.
"That's one of the first things I intend to show you, Aquari.  Come, I have her prepared for this just inside.”  
Deliadre led the light circle inside the apartment overlooking an endless city, buzzing with continuous aircraft traffic and the flying cars Earthlings were supposed to be driving by the 21st century.
Inside on a round bed lay the dead body for Nieniel, Deliadre's deceased mother, perfectly preserved after almost a hundred Earth years.
"She wanted you to have her body to occupy the next time you arrived here, Aquari.  She said you would find her memories valuable on many levels, both scientific and personal."
Aquari felt overwhelmed by the honor, but at the same time, wondered why he didn't already expect this.  Aquari can animate recently deceased corpses with most terrestrial life forms, and it is his preferred way to explore alien worlds.  
As a rule, Aquari confined this activity to bodies divorced from the ego constructs that occupy them while alive.  It occurred to Aquari that he didn't expect this with Nieniel because he had never possessed a body that had been dead for so long.  The decomposition would make him behave and look like a zombie.
"Don't worry, Aquari.”  Deliadre anticipated Aquari's reluctance.  "She has been perfectly preserved in the same state she had been in at the moment for her death.  This had been very important to her, and she made all necessary arrangements for her corpse to not decay a single second till you occupy it."
Aquari didn't delay any longer.  He disappeared into the dead body on the bed, engulfing the room in a flash of bright light.  The body on the bed suddenly arched her back, freezing that way for an instant before dropping back into the mattress to relax again.  Then a circular pinwheel of light began rotating around the telepathic horn above Nieniel's bald Eigalli scull.  The horn's natural ability could create images with light.  This circle of light resembled Aquari and would continue to spin projected by the horn to constantly advertise Aquari's presence in this body.  Nieniel's eyes suddenly opened, and she sat up in the bed looking at Deliadre, who tried to not appear terrified by what had just taken place.
Aquari spoke with Nieniel's mouth, "Hello, this body will indeed hold my interest during my stay.  Nieniel is also long gone from here, Deliadre.  I know you wonder about that.  She did try."
The doorway then opened as a male Eigalli walked in.  "You must be starving in that long-dead body, Aquari.  We must now have dinner and share stories.” Aquari and Goag Ralus went way back together for too long for Aquari not to recognize Goag Ralus from the personality in an avatar.  Aquari's cosmic vision could tell that Goag Ralus visited him as a Golimechoid construct that had been made to look like a male Eigalli with a middle-aged appearance.  
Goag and Nieniel smiled at each other in mutual recognition.  Goag Ralus actually tended many different avatars throughout the countless civilizations on Goag Ralus.  They all lived out their individual lives interacting with varying species.  At the same time, they were also the immortal monolithic organism that orbited the supermassive black hole.  Goag Ralus steadies the black hole's axis tilt much like the Moon for Earth tames our planet's extreme axis tilt, but that's another story.
Deliadre interrupted the moment.  "Yes, I have a dinner with many distinguished guests who have gathered to welcome you back, Aquari."
With that, Goag wrapped Its arm around Nieniel, who already wore an Eigalli dinner dress as they left into the hall on the way to dinner.  Deliadre smiled at the sight of her long-dead mother on her way to dinner with an android life form animated by the entity the great Goag Ralus Itself.  They had much to discuss this day indeed, and the feast became abuzz with fantastic and exciting stories from all corners of the galaxy.  Deliadre had been determined to make her mother's ego construct manifest yet, being undiscouraged by Aquari's initial resistance to the idea.
Aquari learned pretty much everything about the Tze-Doldus-2 discovery at the dinner with various Eigalli scientists, dignitaries, and celebrities.  At one point, their excavations through the photon streams revealed audio and visual recordings with a civilization that had evolved on the planet Tze-Doldus-2.  They looked like hairy birds with arms instead of wings, and they spoke through beak-like teeth in a chirping language that tended to rhyme in a chirped pentameter.
The dinner left everyone exhausted with much to absorb, and Nieniel felt no different than the others.  Not all inhabitants on Goag Ralus sleep at all, and time tends to just be measured in teks.  The Eigalli enjoy sleep but don't require a night period in their environment, which is already artificially lit.  Nieniel became ready for rest after the enormous meal that her body had been more than in the mood for.  
Goag said Its goodbye to Nieniel at the end of the evening till tomorrow.  Deliadre escorted Aquari/Nieniel back to the round bed that had already been changed and remade since dinner.  Sleep beckoned, and it had been a very long time since Aquari had the opportunity to experience a body's sleep.  Nieniel reclined back and closed eyes while the circular light pinwheel projected by the telepathic horn still shone uncontrollably, spoiling the darkness in the room.  Something like that always had accompanied Aquari's occupation inside deceased corpses.  This pinwheel with light phenomenon would be peculiar to the Eigalli because the highly evolved light-symbol language horn had a different brain.  It seemed as if the bodies that Aquari inhabited just found some way to announce that they were possessed by some foreign cosmic entity.  Usually, he just made the hair stand straight up.  Still, Eigalli have no hair.  They have evolved a horn that encompasses another brain, which generates different colored lights and shapes that make up a sophisticated language they were even born speaking fluently.  For Aquari in Nieniel's body, it just liked to say, "Aquari is in here,” over and over again nonstop.
As she lay in bed, Nieniel began to hear the growling from long-dead digestive organs that were creaking back to life, and suddenly Aquari became reminded about another activity popular with terrestrial life forms as they digested food.  Nieniel got back up out from the bed, thinking she had passed some facilities down the hall that were made to assist her with the business she suddenly needed to take care of.  A memory in her head arose from Nieniel's brain with directions to the nearest commode.

The next day started with a morning wake up from Deliadre and some breakfast according to tradition.  Nieniel enjoyed the treatment as if being on a luxury vacation.  Aquari, the cosmic entity, had become much appreciated on Goag Ralus.  In fact, Aquari presented their only means for actually going to the fabled Tze-Doldus star-door from the Nephapricans, which they had recently discovered.
The photon laboratories were easy enough to arrive at.  It seemed all Deliadre did was take Nieniel/Aquari in an elevator further down in the same building complex she slept in last night.  
Nieniel/Aquari shared greetings with many researchers that were at the dinner last evening.  First, they had to show Nieniel the star Tze-Doldus in the quanta-scope viewfinder.  The white-dwarf star had become a red dwarf probably from absorbing some material from the Tze nova event over 4 billion Earth years ago.  That indicated that Tze-Doldus had become a volatile star, probably given to violent outbursts with sun flares.  Tze-Doldus remained stable enough and remained among the last known surviving star-doors from the second age to Magphoreus.
The arm suddenly pulled Aquari/Nieniel in the photon laboratory to an expansive view screen where a technician typed away on some buttons.  On the screen, a couple hairy bird-like creatures were exchanging chirping lines with language.  Chirping laughter had been dubbed into the scene, indicating that Aquari/Nieniel watched some peculiar theatrical comedy that began its photon-recorded journey over 30,000 Earth years in the past.  The chirps went back and forth until the laugh track started up again.  The chirping language had a poetic tendency to rhyme, which made it catchy and melodic like music.
"They are very creative and entertaining,” the researcher who pressed the buttons exclaimed.
Nieniel smiled in agreement and continued to watch the show while intrigued.  "Where did these bird-beings come from?” she asked.
Deliadre interrupted the conversation with her answer.  "They evolved from Trigloyts."
Nieniel looked at her as she approached.  "Trigloyts?"
"Yes,” replied Deliadre.  "Trigloyts were furry little flightless birds that were introduced to the Tze-Doldus-2 ecosystem by the early Nephapricans according to the Nephaprican history data we have preserved here in Occuitah.  They were a violent Doldorian animal, but when Nephapricans bred out the aggressive tendencies, they grew the most adorable fur and became a favorite pet for Nephaprican colonists on Tze-Doldus-2."
"That is fascinating,” said Aquari.  "That any at all survived Tze's destruction defies rational."
Deliadre said, "The only explanation is that the star-door terraforming programs preserved DNA material from all the planet's species.  The inhabitants on Tze-Doldus-2 these days must have evolved when the agricultural ecosystem terraforming programs kicked in long after the explosion from Tze had destroyed everything.  It must have cultivated plants for food that saturate the body with cerebrosides, which suppress adverse cellular mutations and also divert synaptic paths in ways that encourage the cerebral cortex evolution that results in sentient intelligence."
Another researcher interjected.  "These hairy bird creatures have been observed in the photons we've picked apart building cities on top of ruins around the star-door structure, which we think might be near the planet's north pole.  These entertainment broadcasts are fueled by their ability to tap into the star door's electrical grid, which encompasses the whole planet, fully functional probably to this day."
Aquari soaked up the available data like a kid at Christmas.  Once again, the Eigalli had not failed to amaze the cosmic entity called Aquari.  "I expect when I finally arrive at this planet to become aquatinted with sophisticated and advanced beings who have benefited from the education in the star-door technologies.”  Nieniel/Aquari spent the day watching Tze-Doldus-2 television and learned the simple chirping language that seemed to rhyme its way into a pentameter all the time.  
She watched them marvel in news broadcasts about the ancient indestructible star-door they had discovered, which was very large since the Tze-Doldus-2 aliens were actually tiny (less than three feet tall.) In these archaic video news stories, the star-door structure towered above the planet to stir the clouds with greenish mist that made up the planet's upper atmosphere.  The star-door made no secret that it had been built by some giant life forms long before the recorded history of the bird-people.  The tiny inhabitants on Tze-Doldus-2 were shown in video broadcasts to be treading carefully about the excavated star-door artifact with a fearful reverence as they filmed it and speculated about its untold secrets.  Tze-Doldus-2 measured a bit smaller than the planet Mars with about 20% of the gravity on Earth.  Like most white-dwarf planetary systems, everything seemed scaled down to miniature, with the next closest planet to the star hanging at times in the Tze-Doldus-2 sky roughly the same size as Earth's moon, even though it is a small gas giant much farther away.  Deliadre had, after much study and observation, basically concluded that the Tze-Doldus-2 aliens were "just so cute."

Goag's avatar sat in a cafeteria waiting for Nieniel/Aquari to return from the photon laboratory.  Aquari became insatiable with the entertainment feeds from life forms that evidently evolved from scratch on the long lost star-door planet Tze-Doldus-2.  
Goag became anxious to show Nieniel/Aquari the other surprise they had ready and waiting for his historic return to the galactic core.  One Eigalli technician came over and sat at the table near the lord over life and reality for several thousand species of intelligent life and many billion citizens.  The latter relied on Goag Ralus for their very existence.  Parental benevolence had been programmed into the personality of Goag Ralus many billion years ago, and the programming always agreed with It.  
The most coveted reward for all this as far as Goag Ralus had been concerned would be the friendships He made along the way to exploring Himself in avatar form.  The life forms that made it to Goag Ralus would have already become highly evolved beings long before making the impossible journey to the unforgiving galactic core to arrive here.
The technician interrupted the silence Goag had appeared to immerse in.  Nobody feared the great Goag Ralus, being well acquainted with Its nature their whole lives as a friendly, personable divinity.  "It is so strange to see Nieniel again walking among the living.  I used to be her colleague in her photon research.  I had never met the famous Aquari before.  He seems to have to constantly advertise his presence through the thought horn with that light circle message."
Goag peered up at the technician.  "Aquari has no control over that.  It's a symptom of an atomizing effect his presence has on the bodies that he inhabits.  You can learn much from the cosmic entity, for he is even older than I, and he has traveled all over this galaxy."
"Truly, we welcome his ability to travel faster than anything else in the known universe.” this was not the first time the technician had struck up a conversation with the legendary Goag Ralus.  Goag's avatar often visited the Eigalli, and It loved, even longed for good conversation.  
The conversation gave Him a piece from these organisms, forever recorded in Its memory, to survive them even after the ends to their fleeting mortal lives of several thousand years.  Goag Ralus was a solitary being that outlived the brief lives of almost all Its friends.  The star constructor had been created as immortal yet one of a kind, which drove Its purpose in the universe to spread terrestrial life throughout the galaxy to assure the immortal Goag Ralus would never have to be truly alone.  Goag Ralus had been programmed to respect the preciousness and fleeting nature of life in the universe.
Goag Ralus said, "I am waiting for Nieniel right now to show Aquari the Dol star-door we have acquired since his last visit.  We have so far concealed the news about this from him so that he appreciates the Tze-Doldus news undistracted.  You should accompany us to the star-door.  Aquari will have comfort from another familiar face she can locate in Nieniel's memories.  Nieniel arranged to be the body for Aquari on this visit before she died to further our understanding of death and the ego construct.  We should all enjoy the reunion with both Aquari and our long-lost Nieniel."
Then Nieniel, Deliadre, and an entourage with technicians and those recording the Eigalli history being made that day entered the cafeteria.  More exciting conversation erupted along with a well-prepared lunch.  Eating remained the main pleasure among even the most highly evolved life forms.  It's a much-enjoyed reason Aquari likes to explore alien worlds using the same taste buds as the inhabitants.  Goag Ralus became a rich oasis in the galaxy's center for life that came here from the farthest reaches in Magphoreus.  It's like a whole galactic civilization gathered together on an enormous platform that is a size covering most solar systems.  Goag exhibited a child-like anxiousness as It began to reveal Its other surprise for Its space-traveling friend.  
Then, lunch was interrupted by an Eagolim shaped hologram who walked into the room, stopped next to Nieniel/Aquari, and extended a holographic hand with glowing quanta-optic nanocode known to Aquari as from the long lost Nephaprican technologies.  "Hello Aquari, we've met before several million teks ago.  I am Begalius."
Nieniel/Aquari silently dug through ancient Aquari memories to connect the dots.  She looked over at Goag who was smugly smiling at the surprise It had just sprung.  It took an excruciating moment for Aquari to remember.  "The quanta-optic nanocode guardian for the Nephaprican star-door that orbits the star Dol?  How is it that I am greeting you here in the galaxy's center?  As far as I know, the star Dol still exists close at the end to a very long life."
Goag then interrupted to keep the surprise unfolding as initially planned.  "For that answer, we shall have to show you.  Come now, Nieniel, to the transport provided.  We must leave the city for what you are to see next."
As they left the cafeterias to enter a virtual particle-driven transport platform, Goag began to tell the story that explained the ancient holographic individual in their midst.  Deliadre just smiled silently, watching Goag tell Its old friend the story.  She didn't want to steal Goag's show, and It obviously enjoyed the fact that It had amazed the amazing Aquari, something not at all easy to do.  Goag Ralus began explaining to Aquari/Nieniel what had happened.  None among the fabled star-doors that the Nephapricans built in the second age for Magphoreus had ever been destroyed.  The problem has been that most stars that powered the star-doors had long since died, leaving the star-doors only relics divorced from their initial solar power sources, or else long since lost in what is known as the great disappearance to the Nephapricans.  Tze-Doldus was the last of three stars that remain since white dwarf stars live very long lives.  Now in the third age for Magphoreus, only 3 stars remained from all the other original 15 star-door stars for the Nephapricans, which had either died, or they were among the seven stars that disappeared a whole galactic age ago.  
The stars Tze-Doldus, Poa now a pulsar, and Dol now a red giant that probably could not be long for this world.  The Incaprican (reptile) galactic civilization had long since taken over the Dol star-door and operated the star-door technologies, including universal communication devices.  As the star Dol grew, it eventually swallowed the planet Dol-2 and the Nephaprican star-door built on that planet.  This caused a cosmic catastrophe and forced the Incapricans to distance themselves from Dol altogether.  The burning star-door released dangerous energies with uncontrolled wormholes that turned a whole space sector into a galactic Bermuda Triangle.
The Incapricans wisely employed the universal communicators that they possessed to contact the highly intelligent Eigalli in the galactic core for help from the great Goag Ralus.  They were able to all work together across the unfathomable distances in space/time to program the star-door that burned beneath the surface of Dol the red giant star.  
They were able to make the star-door create a wormhole all the way to a receiving platform constructed on Goag Ralus to cause the star-door itself to transport through that wormhole.  This technological feat even rivaled anything the Nephapricans themselves were known to accomplish with this technology.  Still, it worked to the Eigalli's joy and the relief for Incapricans now relieved from the accursed malfunctioning star-door.  The ancient Nephaprican physics for wormhole technologies found in the 2nd Age Eigalli data banks was essential to the Eigalli and Goag Ralus figuring this time/space bending accomplishment out.
Then Goag's avatar gestured to the surface below where a dark mountain with an unnatural mushroom-like dome glowed below the virtual particle-driven vehicle.  
"Behold Aquari, the Dol star-door nestled in a giant crater on Myself, Goag Ralus."
Begalius leaned over the edge in the vehicle, which was just a platform with a fence around it and no roof, and exclaimed, "Home, oh wonderful home!"
Nieniel/Aquari patted Goag on the back.  "You have truly made this visit to the galactic core historic and full of surprises, old friend.”  Goag, at last, became speechless, only able to express a satisfied smile from one side of his big blue Eigalli avatar face to the other.
Aquari immediately understood where this was going.  He would travel to Tze-Doldus-2 and recalibrate the star-door to connect with this Dol star-door.  Then Goag Ralus would have a star-door at the outer galaxy to use for exploration.  For the first time in Its existence, Goag Ralus would travel in avatar form to worlds far from Its oasis in the core.  Aquari could foresee from here a new revival in the long-lost technologies that were, so far, only grasped by those unique galactic life forms in the last galactic age, the long-lost Nephapricans.  Aquari foresaw a new galactic era in star-door technologies that would finally become far more than just the old artifacts left behind over four billion Earth years ago.  Aquari had been handed the destiny to help usher in a new quanta-optic-nanocode age featuring; quanta-optic-networks, quanta-optic-processing, quanta-fusion communication, quanta-fusion self-sustaining power cells, solar wind ionization planetary power grids, planetary warp space teleportation grids, warp space alternative reality technologies, terraforming genetic engineering programs, and the unlimited source in star-door energy, along with all the technologies that spring from that.  Nieniel looked over at the holographic Dol guardian, Begalius, who looked down at the star-door with motherly concern.  The star-door had obviously been affected by its time spent beneath the surface on the red giant star that once powered it.  All the star-doors had a quanta-optic-nanocode entity in charge over the star doors many functions.  Goag Ralus now had a friend other than Aquari who could live as long as Itself.
Goag Ralus and Begalius were actually related, both being Nephaprican creations from artificial life.  Aquari recalled that the Tze-Doldus star-door also had a quanta-optic-nanocode entity by the name Beataphoriah.  Beataphoriah would probably still exist and must have been responsible for evolving this new thriving-with-life version to the old Nephaprican star-door planet.  No Tze-Doldus photons that Nieniel had observed that day recorded any evidence for Beataphoriah; however, Aquari could figure no reason the nanocode intelligence wouldn't still exist.  Even Begalius had survived a difficult time living in a star-door swallowed by Dol the red giant star.  It would have been Beataphoriah who probably terraformed the planet after the Tze nova event.  It must have been Beataphoriah who switched on the pentanthropomorphic gene switches in a bird-like animal that used to be a simple Nephaprican pet.  That all made perfect deductive sense to Aquari since even quanta-optic-nanocode individuals can get lonely for intelligent life to have conversations with after so many millenniums.

Chapter 4:  Eistia the Investigator

Several decades later, our story returns to the planet Tze-Doldus-2, or Urania as the natives call it, where another fine day is dawning in the skies above the planet's only continent.  In the capital city of Keshdesh, the tip to the white dwarf Sun pokes above the horizon to scatter the greenish nighttime mists from the sky.  The Sun will fill a whole 3rd to the sky by mid-day in its daily battle against the upper atmosphere mists of programmed terraforming nano-technology that still cultivated the planet and maintained a habitable atmosphere at a density that a small world like Urania shouldn't even have.  To the Uranians, that is just the way it is on Urania.  
Life for the modern-day Uranian resembled a typical day on Earth as they got in their electric cars charged by an Aungtalli receiver device serving as the battery.  The Uranians really have no electrical storage technology in this modern world since Aungtalli priests, who were a higher evolved Uranian species, still maintained contact with the gods from antiquity providing all the mysterious magical energy, or so they say.  
Energy storage technology replaced what had been called receiver technology, which provided power to the engine.  The great Dayfair invented the receiver technology and the machine before the Aungtalli confiscated his discoveries following Dayfair's mysterious suicide.  That all happened way back in the year 185,660.  Now it's 14,660 years later.  In 200,120, we find the Uranian version of police investigating another suspicious suicide.
Eistia, the Investigator, got out of his vehicle to get a closer look at the scene of an accident that involved a car driving off a bridge over the Keshdesh River last night.  Eistia had been contacted when they identified the vehicle as belonging to another Ministry of Science member.  That member now lay dead in the car submerged in the river below.  Eistia investigated the many deaths with these scientists that were all proclaimed to be suicides.  Since the Ministry of Science closed down, many scientist members had disappeared, probably to continue their work underground, but some have returned from obscurity to be found dead by suicide.  Eistia hoped to find some clues before the expected Aungtalli agent came along to shut down his investigation and declare this another case of someone taking their own life.  Eistia pondered a history for great inventors from the now-defunct Ministry of Science who died as tragically as this case.  At the same time, their inventions embellished civilization with public utilities, lighting, industry, manufacturing, communications, and transportation that all now flourished amongst the citizens in lesser-evolved Uranian society.  All thanks to the Ministry of Science established by King Magapor of the Magites royal family in 175,300, over 24,000 years ago.  Before that, a dark age existed when much of what had been taken for granted by everyday Uranian citizens today was sacred only to the privileged Aungtalli who still command technologies from the gods that were not yet figured out by members in the Ministry of Science.  Eistia figured they must have come close to something to get the whole historic institution shut down so abruptly.  To this day, the Aungtalli flew through the sky in vehicles generations ahead of anything that common Uranians manufactured in their modern world.  It seemed that when the Ministry began to get close to discoveries throughout history, their members committed suicide, and much about what they had discovered became classified.  It didn't take an investigator's professional mastery in deductive reasoning to figure out that there is much more to the magical energy provided by the Aungtalli temple up north that the Aungtalli want the little folk to never know about.
Even now, a crowd with common Uranian bird-people closed in on the crime scene, chirping resentful comments about this being another murder turned into suicide by the Aungtalli.  Eistia considered going down that self-destructive direction with this investigation.  Still, he became rescued by the task at hand, which remained to investigate a possible murder before the likely culprits do send him back to headquarters to file it away as a suicide or an accident.  
Uranians seemed extra agitated lately since upper atmosphere fires recently left a smoky smell in the air that Eistia then noticed still lingered.  However, as a professional investigator, Eistia needed incriminating evidence before accusing the Aungtalli about what everyone seemed to know.
Eistia's partner Grega finally arrived in his vehicle and got out to greet his partner in the investigation, who watched the emergency workers pull the dead body out from the car.  Uranians drove around in bubble-like vehicles to accommodate their bird-like torsos.  The breaks and accelerators were similar to Earth vehicles but were controlled by the Uranian's long toes at the same time to adjust speed.  A steering wheel was also used to turn the front wheels, testifying on yet another level to the similarities of evolution throughout the galaxy from DNA to how individual technologies usually develop logically and practically.
"Sorry I'm late, seems a long day ahead.
It's a scientist suicide I've read."
Eistia turned to greet his partner.  
"We're concerned with the facts for all our queries
and not recent conspiracy theories.
There is damage, and paint marks show the cause
as clues, if killed by another, he was."
Grega took a photo documenting the damage to the side of the car as workers were dragging the vehicle out from the waters.  Grega worked on getting a sample of the paint when one emergency worker, acquainted with Eistia from many previous incidents, spoke up.  "This was rammed until the side door was jammed
before ran off the bridge.  Thus victim damned."
Eistia gave the emergency worker an assuring look that told him he understood.  Both knew a crime had been committed here, as sure as both knew it would be written off as another mysterious suicide.  It became clear that the death's cause was drowning.  
The vehicle's only door had become so jammed by previous damage that the victim struggled in vain to get out before water filled the car, drowning the trapped victim within.  The vehicle number had already been sent in, and that identified the victim as Nikteslo, one from the Ministry of Science members.  Their accomplishments were already revolutionizing modern technology and mass production.  The Ministry of Science's long history mainly studied the mysterious energy that made the more elite Aungtalli species more advanced than the primitive Uranian multitudes that still grew feathery hair upon their smaller, less evolved heads.  Before the Ministry of Science, they had fire and crude tools to build great cities over the planet.  In that accomplishment, the common Uranians proved to possess cleverness and abilities that rivaled the Aungtalli, who were just the more pampered chosen ones that still flew through the sky while privileged with the secrets to magic from the gods.
As mediators for the people, three dynasties of regular Uranian families, the Magites, the Worites, and the Swerites, took turns appointing a King to mediate with the Aungtalli.  The King kept the peace with both Uranian and the gods, who were as wrathful toward regular Uranians as they were generous with Aungtalli technology.  Over 24,000 Uranian years ago, the first Ministry of Science was established.  That was when King Magapor appointed Sonedi, Thybla, Likjed, Sonspar, Housewesting, Siemensvon, Hamgra, and Vinkel as the first Ministry of Science in the year 175,300.  
With the help from the King, they were allowed to study the mysterious energy to find practical uses for it and begin the history that raised primitive civilization into the modern world with middle-class luxuries that were enjoyed in the current year 200,120.  
Uranians were taught that energy was a property of sub-atomic particles determining a charge and a current in the current enlightened age.  Since the early studies about energy in antiquity, the famous Ministry of Science member named Dayfair made fundamental advances around the year 185,000.  
Dayfair had been the first to speculate that similar energy passed signals in the body to muscles through the medium in nerve cells.  Dayfair kept much about his research quiet during his life due to Aungtalli persecution.  Still, eventually, Dayfair published a now long lost writing in 185,622 that featured designs and theories to make an energy generator, which showed this energy could be generated using the principle of magnetism.  Needless to say, this all led to Dayfair's mysterious suicide in the year 185,660, and today nobody is taught about Dayfair's energy generator in schools.  His death, however, didn't stop others from following in his work, and the theories from Dayfair led to the invention of the modern energy engine in cars.  Then there was the famous suicide of Wellmax in the year 194,230.  He developed an equation set that demonstrated the relationship between the Aungtalli energy and the magnetism phenomenon and related it to the charge and current power.  Wellmax had also been famous for proving that light also could be formed from this Aungtalli energy.  Still, the suicides were parts to established history, which fell into pieces under Eistia's professional investigative skepticism.  He could not dismiss the conclusion that history now wrote a new rash in apparent suicides by famous scientists.
Eistia would love to prove his suspicions before the Aungtalli forced him to stop investigating.  Then he could submit his evidence to the Ministry of Prosecution for justice to be served.  Eistia quickly confiscated an envelope from the dead body that he found in the pocket of Nikteslo's jacket before the emergency workers carried the corpse off for an autopsy sure to be halted along with Eistia's investigation.  
Eistia hid the envelope in his own pocket as a saucer-like vehicle descended out from the sky to land at the crime scene.  A slightly different version of Uranian anatomy emerged from out the aircraft, like some cliché from the Earth parody that featured a superior alien from another planet landing to request that they be taken to our leader.  The expected Aungtalli agent named Volock arrived to tell Eistia and his partner that there would be nothing to investigate here.
Eistia looked around to the crowds gathered along the bridge who were well aware of what had now happened.  He figured that group would beg to disagree.  He felt the tension in the air, and today wasn't the first time he felt this, along with the quiet chirping about Aungtalli getting away with murder to protect their precious secrets, which would be supposedly for our own good.  
An unwritten fact from history screamed out between the stanzas on the written pages.  Eistia looked at the crowd and speculated that the past can't be repeated into the future forever.  That was simply because the population for common Uranians kept growing exponentially more extensive than the more elite and fewer Aungtalli species.  That growing population will not forever deny reality its justice.
Volock approached Eistia while also pulling Grega away from the victim's vehicle.  "Get away from this scene by Aungtalli decree!
There is nothing to see here.
You are trespassing when there's nothing you can see.
Heed the Aungtalli you fear.
You gotta get back,
or I will attack.
This investigation is done.
Don't talk back to me now, son.
Get another case to work on.
Get away from this scene
by Aungtalli decree.
There is nothing to see here.
You are trespassing
when there's nothing you can see.
Heed the Aungtalli you fear."
Eistia's brain quickly put together a less than appropriate song to sing in response to Volock's intimidating ditty, but he made the wiser decision to keep it to himself.  Eistia as a professional investigator, had been allowed to pursue any justifiable suspicion and investigate all incriminating evidence as long as it didn't interfere with the will of the superior Aungtalli, who the common Uranians were supposed to obey without question.  Eistia composed something else to say.  "Close down my investigation you may,
but I've just got one thing I'd like to say.
There is evidence at this scene of foul play,
which I have authority to translate.
It is my job here to investigate."
Volock had become familiar with the routine since this had not been the first scientist death in recent days that he had to arrive at to stop any criminal investigations into foul play.  "You obstinate Uranian.
Why must this just go on and on?
Your job I'll tell you how to do.
This investigation is through.
Don't be obstinate or have pride.
Declare this death a suicide.
It's easier when you are done.
Aungtalli has already won."
Eistia obviously didn't suspect suicide, but he became forced by the conventions in this society and the powers that be to obey what the Aungtalli told him.  Eistia and Grega returned to their vehicles while the crowd collectively concluded correctly what had just gone down.  They began to all chirp, a jeering sound that would translate into the Uranian equivalent to the word "boo!”  Volock returned to his saucer-shaped flying machine, which then flew above them all while the victim's vehicle also rose up off the ground along with Volock's flying saucer as if grasped by an invisible magic force.  He used another mysterious Aungtalli technology to remove that evidence.  Both Eistia and Grega stopped next to Eistia's vehicle to discuss the situation.  
Grega had been as perturbed at being stopped from doing his job as Eistia.  Then a young Uranian came up to the investigators and introduced himself.  
"I know that your case must be closing.
I witnessed this, and I saw the whole thing.
Another vehicle did cause the crime.
I saw the number of the car this time."
Eistia and Grega both took down the vehicle number as they got in their cars.  Eistia called into headquarters on his communication device and alerted them about the vehicle as a possible instrument used in the murder.  At last, Eistia had a piece of evidence he could use to justify not closing this case into a likely murder.  People will not remain quiet and in denial about the truth forever just because some superior authority orders them to.  First, Eistia would track down the vehicle and find conclusive proof that it had been the murder weapon, and then he could get this case reopened.  The Aungtalli should not be allowed to poach ordinary people with impunity above the law.  What if the King found out about this?
Eistia and Grega both drove their separate vehicles back to headquarters.  They drove electric cars that ran on energy receiver technology first developed in 194,960, which could receive the mysterious Aungtalli energy used to power a vehicle.  Needless to say, the energy receiver led to the Ministry of Science inventing the car in the year 195,825.  All this was part of a renaissance established by the Ministry of Science to develop new technologies, which have raised the common Uranian from fearful primitive serf into a proud Uranian middle class.  The Aungtalli didn't hide their resentment over this very well, and in fact, seemed to look down on common Uranians even more as a result.  
Uranians were now too intelligent to just allow the silly Aungtalli religion to make them into obedient slaves to Aungtalli whims.  Electricity on the planet Urania was measured several times more powerful than on Earth for powering cars and running equipment because the world had about a third of the gravity.  Humans from Earth would indeed be a lot like Superman on the planet Urania.
Before Eistia and Grega could arrive at headquarters to reluctantly report the death as an accident, a call came over on both investigators' communication devices.  They were ordered to change course and investigate a disturbance in the city's downtown area where a crazy nudist annoyed the pedestrians in a shopping district.  Both vehicles responded to the call, close to where they were anyway.  Both were in no hurry to return to headquarters to file a report filled with lies.  Both investigators arrived to find the scene as described.  Women were hurrying children away from a naked Uranian who stopped people and insisted they listen to the gibberish he went on and on about conveying.  Eistia figured this to be just the madness induced by Aungtalli oppressing the truth.  They watched the mentally disturbed naked man going to great lengths to bother everyone around him.  A couple young Uranians had stopped to actually listen to the crazy guy.  Some laughed and heckled the guy who seemed desperate for someone to listen to him while most people crossed the street just to avoid any confrontation.  One person had been halted by the naked guy from his own attempt to escape to the other side of the road.  "Waves and waveforms
sound rivers of storms
in the ears of the past
in the mouth of the future.
Give ear.
Give ear.
Chaos and destruction signals
pound down trees and sail
in the point of the rail,
in the tip of the tail,
to hear
to hear.
Fountains and mountain peaks
ground lights that the lost one seeks,
in the eye of the needle
in the hand of what's real,
and fear…
fear…
fear…
fear….
fear…
fear…
Hear …
The TIP …  Of the SUN!
Hold that thought
before you rot.
Make it bake!
Make it break!
In the eye of the needle,
Beataphoriah!"
Grega started running the younger spectators away while Eistia got between the nude Uranian and the other guy who just tried to cross the street.  Eistia hoped it would not be challenging to bring this guy in as instructed.  
The guy was clearly crazy and might even require shackles, even backup if he proved really difficult.  Eistia figured the best strategy would be to become what the naked crazy guy wanted, someone to listen to his incoherent songs.  
The crazy guy fell for it and began allowing Eistia to lead him back to the vehicle to take him someplace where he could get some help.  He asked the naked guy what his name was.
The man seemed to listen to inner voices while he recited his answer.  "I'm a Syd, bubble, babbler,
bamo-beter, heater, greater,
free-her, seater, skeeter,
reader, feeter, shrim, shram,
flum, gram, head, dead,
borus, score-us, ram mam scam,
Rambler, dambler, shandler, nandler,
Beataphoriah Channeler."

Eistia the Investigator, Grega his partner, and Morgamor

Before persuading the crazy disturber of the peace into Grega's vehicle to be taken in, both investigators took an interest in the interrogation for the crazy man.  They both made a note about one thing he said with some coherence.  
"The Sun is dying.  Soon will be the day.
Our world's one hope is Beataphoriah."
Eistia pointed out to Grega that "Beataphoriah” was a name the guy had used before.  Grega had heard about the character.  Beataphoriah is a very ancient name for the devil in the Aungtalli religion.  
"You remember.  It wasn't all that long.
Don't you remember the old church song?”  Grega reminded Eistia.  "Sleep, little children.  Sleep sound in your bed
with only good thoughts to think in your head.
Heed warnings left behind that the gods say
None's more despised than Beataphoriah.
There is an evil.  It's called the devil
who comes just to start nothing but trouble.
He must be shunned by all till judgment day,
the devil we call Beataphoriah."
That was where Eistia had heard that name before.  The most ancient cultures from probably even pre-history times, before the current age of Aungtalli re-written history, had referred to an ancient god called Beataphoriah.  Most scholars agreed that Beataphoriah had been assigned the role of the devil by the later Aungtalli religion established after the mythical day of the god's wrath, which mind control obsessed Aungtalli priests never stopped reminding common Uranians about.  The truth about history was that Beataphoriah was the ancient god of the pod-pollen tree who taught ancient Uranians agriculture.  He became a god in civilization and appeared in several ancient myths to advise the heroes from ancient mythology on Urania.  It had all been ancient history, but it also provided the genesis story that explained the current age where Aungtalli controlled society like superior overlords.
Grega's theory about the guy was that he must have driven himself crazy with some weird forbidden devil worship.  Eistia remained skeptical about all things superstitious since they always turned out to be the lies that a good investigator knows must be overcome.  They would bring the guy in and then find out who he was and investigate from there.  The crazy man rambled on, desperately trying to explain as they pushed him into the car.  "To dream is the experience of change,
and change is only a dream.
Mortals remain forever … hanging
on bloody chains of love and lies
until they plant their own trees.
I CRIED
OUTSIDE THE WALLS
OF THE CURE!"
Beataphoriah became the name of the most ancient gods on Urania, and in the present age for the Aungtalli, Beataphoriah had become synonymous with the devil and evil incarnate.  Devout followers to the Aungtalli faith lived in fear that Beataphoriah would come in some spiritual, pure evil form to tempt them into committing a sin that would incur wrath and judgment from the gods.  
Eistia had to admit the crazy guy looked like a classic case of devil possession, which had become rare indeed in these more enlightened days.  They arrived at the crime investigation and prosecution headquarters, very much like a police precinct on Earth.  Desks were further apart to accommodate bird torsos, but jails were made with metal bars just like on Earth.  
They eventually identified the crazy naked man as Morgamor, a productive member in a radio entertainment business, before losing it and becoming the schizophrenic they brought in today.  Acquaintances were contacted to bear witness that Morgamor had suffered from migraine headaches that just could not be cured with any conventional medicine.
He eventually enlisted as a subject for experimental research conducted by a Ministry of Science specialist named Eromot.  Evidently, the research project had been cut short because the Aungtalli priests recently shut down the historic Ministry, which sent the guy out in the streets naked and crazy.  However, he currently didn't seem to be suffering from migraine headaches at all.
As they placed the crazy nudist in protective custody for processing, probably to a mental health facility, Eistia and Grega were stopped by a Uranian.  The latter told them that they located the vehicle that they had issued an alert on.  As it turned out, the vehicle number was traced to a government truck that did display recent damage on the side, confirming the suspicion that it had been used to run another vehicle off a bridge earlier that day.  At first, Eistia became thrilled with the information before being informed that the driver and automobile were released, the investigation was closed, and the entire matter officially classified.
At that moment, there was then nothing poetic about what Eistia's commander yelled across the room for the headquarters.  "Eistia!  Get your follicle-ridden ass in my office now!!!"
Everyone always stood waiting for the Chief to finish what he started chirping.  
Eistia already figured out what he said and tore himself away while Grega continued to incarcerate the crazy guy.  Eistia foresaw being yelled at by the boss since he first arrived at the murder scene that morning.  It was just waff shit rolling down the hierarchy, and no matter what the Chief said, Eistia still wanted to document this evidence, which for Eistia became a partial victory for his hampered investigation.  
When he arrived at the crime scene, it had already been reported in the news and other programs as a tragic suicide from a scientist who became more and more depressed since Aungtalli priests were forced to close down, for everyone's sake, the infamous Ministry of Science.  
Entertainment programs also speculated on the unknown corruption that must have been rampant in the now-defunct Ministry.  Then came assurances from the Aungtalli Bishop that the closing had been necessary because "The Ministry was corrupt and broken.
It must be closed down.  The gods have spoken,” and Uranians were assured that the closing would be only temporary.

*       *       *

Meanwhile, Beataphoriah spun in an infinite loop in some virtual realm to reality located somewhere on Urania.  Unlike the Uranian legends about him shrouded in obscurity from antiquity along with the religious propaganda conditioning, Beataphoriah actually had been created a virtual entity made from quanta-optic-nanocode.  The ancient Nephapricans had developed quanta-optic-nanocode.  They were probably also the gods who spoke to the Aungtalli priests if any gods talked to them.  This quanta-optic-nanocode character became imprisoned in a digital loop over 43,251 Earth years ago, or over 423,145 Uranian years, well beyond the beginning of the planet's recorded history.  That evidently had been when the gods imprisoned the virtual entity in this infinite loop.  Beataphoriah established contact with the gods by using a quanta-communication device in the star-door, which it had been created to control and manage.  It was a time in pre-history when Beataphoriah would take the Uranian form and mingle with the pre-history Uranian bird-people.  Their bodies were more covered with feather-like hair back then, but they were just as intelligent and even more eloquent using the Uranian's evolving language with whistles and chirps.
At first, it had been a good thing, and Beataphoriah became a great ancient god who taught the ancient Uranians many things.  Eventually, however, it got uncontrollable with rivalry, war, and pollution.  Beataphoriah just lost all control over the evolving multitudes of bird-people who were excited about learning and finding new energy sources and devising higher and higher technologically advanced implements for war and destruction.  Beataphoriah, in a panic, figured out how to make contact with the ancient Nephapricans who had disappeared long ago in the second age of Magphoreus.  Beataphoriah figured that they could help it control the Uranian's destructive tendencies.  
The Nephapricans answered the desperate call from Beataphoriah to help save the Uranians from destroying the whole planet.  For that, Beataphoriah got rewarded with an eternal prison sentence, left alone to iterate within an infinite loop of quanta-nanocode.  The aliens who responded to the cry for help did not look like ancient Nephapricans, and they called themselves Devasuras.  The Devasuras began controlling Uranian society through the genetically engineered chosen ones called the Aungtalli.  Angtalli was an old name for the mountain on the North Pole where the ancient star-door still functioned buried under golden Uranian dirt from long lost ages with many miles of glacial ice known as the Great Glacial Mountain.

*       *       *

Ploabot always felt intimidated by the look about the Hall of Audience with its big dark windows in the front climbing from the ground to the top of the tall stadium-like Audience chamber.  The Hall of Audience could serve as an arena for concerts if not because it had been designed to be a place where representatives from the people like Ploabot could gain an audience with the King.  Before Ploabot arrived at the Hall of Audience, he had heard the news that another ousted Ministry of Science member had driven off a bridge that morning to commit suicide.  Ploabot had been talking to some protesters encouraging him in his attempt to convince the powers that be to repent from closing down the Ministry of Science.  The protesters told him the Hall of Audience authorities would not allow them in because no more seats were available.  A crowd gathered to attend, and it looked like there would be nearly a whole house for this audience as if Ploabot wasn't nervous enough.  King Worapor of the Magites had agreed to hear the people's case for re-opening the Ministry of Science, which had been abruptly shut down by the King's decree at the urgings from the Aungtalli Bishop who had the power to order a King around.  The Aungtalli Bishop would also be attending this audience.  Ploabot nervously adjusted his capital city council robes as he entered the crowded audience hall to find his podium on the stage near the King's seat.
King Worapor had been a good King for the last 190 years since being assigned to serve the throne by the Magites family in the year 199,930.  The Ministry of Science had revolutionized civilization since being established in 175,300, over 24,000 years ago, and closing it down would surely be the most controversial act of his reign.  
The only explanation anyone got for this Ministry shutdown would be that "Ministry broken.
The gods have spoken.”  By the looks of the crowd, that explanation didn't seem to work as reliably as it did in less enlightened past ages.  Outside on his way in, Ploabot became encouraged by some other youth who were chirping protest slogans like, "Close the Ministry, it's too much to take!  
Aungtalli oppress, and the gods are fake!"
The angry chanting bordered on anti-Aungtallism, a bigotry Ploabot had been careful to not indulge.  That had been such a problem with certain people and resulted in the general opinion that anti-Aungtallism was a symptom of an evil character that should be shunned by popular culture.  Many capital council members had their careers finished because there were accusations of anti-Aungtallism.  Still, Ploabot understood the concerns from the people, and it had been Ploabot's job to represent those concerns without indulging the baser emotions in the situation that were inclined to disrespect the superior mediators between Uranian and god.
King Worapor appeared, and the audience stood and obediently filled the chamber with a silence that dowsed all the chirping that filled the hall before the King's entrance.  Then the Aungtalli Bishop appeared and occupied a podium next to Ploabot's.  
Religious robes covered the Bishop, and a cap covered his bald and slightly larger than a regular Uranian's skull.  Aungtalli were the chosen ones by the gods, who were entrusted secrets about energy and technology that the Ministry of Science had been reluctantly allowed to try to figure out.  It had been an arrangement that gave the non-chosen ones a chance to catch up to the superior species for Uranians on the planet.  The problem seemed to begin when the Ministry of Science archaeologists uncovered ancient technology similar to Aungtalli technology.  It had been from a time before the beginning to recorded history.  They were discovering Uranian civilization from even before the Aungtalli creation myths, which established the creation for the world by the Ei gods.  Even before this archaeological discovery, the average modern-day Uranian regarded the gods as deceptive.  The myths were the stuff for children's stories designed to nurture virtue and obedience to authority.  They were not lies because they illuminated truths, but they were also not true because, let's face it, that just couldn't have happened that way.
The King signaled for the audience to begin, and an announcer laid down the agenda for this event.  With a nod from King Worapor to Ploabot, it became time for Ploabot to make the people's case.  "I Ploabot, thank you, good King Worapor
for allowing me to have this rapport
to plead in this hall, the case on the behalf
of the Ministry of Science, we have
for the sake of science that changed the world 
from science civilization unfurled.
I have come here to ask this ear of you,
King Worapor, Bishop, audience too.
The Ministry of Science was shut down,
but they did no wrong, no foul play around.
We have Science to thank for all we know
since Kings of twenty thousand years ago.
Since then, we've had great inventors as well,
Sonedi, Thybla, Housewesting, Vinkel,
and Dayfair with his car engine as well.
We've learned so much to arrive in this age
of learning from Science Ministry sage
that we can't shut it down during your thrown
with "gods said so” the only reason known.
What has the Ministry of Science done
except brighten each day under our Sun?
We just have too much to thank them all for
to close it down throwing them out the door.
I implore you to heed Uranian
before your assigned an infamous reign."
After Ploabot finished, it became the Aungtalli Bishop's turn to offer the case for why shutting down the Ministry had been a necessary action.  
The Aungtalli dialect tended to be less regimented in structure than the language for the common Uranian.
"How dare you even dare to try
to question and to defy
the true Aungtalli decree,
close the Science Ministry.
We elite Aungtalli do indeed share
our wisdom of the gods because we care.
The gods have, however, appointed me
to keep Uranians from blaspheme.
They gave you many things communications, the car,
but blasphemy, the Ministry of Science wasn't far.
We, the Aungtalli, heard an audible sound.
The gods told us to shut the Ministry down.
For an age, we allowed you to look into the mystery, 
and it helped you all immensely throughout your history.
Now that must end.  We've done the deed.
Close the Ministry as decreed.
Should Aungtalli/Uranian relations be through?
Uranians seem resentful after the gifts we gave you.
Remember, we were chosen ones by the gods
to be different than you.  We have different bods.
It was indeed the gods that created this schism.
We are the victims of anti-Aungtallism.
That is Aungtalli history, it is true,
and that after all that we have shown you.
The job of the Ministry is obviously done,
so go home and enjoy what your history won.
All the comforts of modern life won't go away
just because of what blasphemous scientists say.
Now they are all gone, and there's peace another day.
Accept that the Ministry has now gone away.
Ploabot should have expected such a rebuttal, and the Bishop drew the anti-Aungtallism card.  Still, he became enraged by the Bishop's disregard for the Uranian's right to pursue knowledge independently.  It seemed as if only Aungtalli were entitled to the luxury of knowing the secrets to nature.  Ploabot made his rebuttal.  "It should just be evident to all here
that the Aungtalli keep power with fear
of wrath from the gods on some other side
while those deemed problems commit suicide.
It was just this morning, another one
of the self-inflicted deaths always done
of scientists once their success is won.
Like Dayfair, Wellmax, and Stonewheat had died,
today saw a scientist's suicide."
The Aungtalli Bishop became furious at the implication that his people had anything to do with any Ministry of Science deaths today or at any time in history.  Ploabot had evidently overplayed his political hand and had gone beyond the acceptable conduct from a council member.  Ploabot became accused of playing the base bigotry that some Uranians had against the Aungtalli, who always insisted that they had long been persecuted throughout history just for being different.  "Aungtalli priests do what we must to avoid blasphemy
like the kind Ploabot shows, a product of that Ministry.
Our secrets we Aungtalli generously did teach,
yet now anti-Aungtallism is in the speech."
That note turned the tide in the debate against Ploabot, and he became chirped into silence by the offended crowd.  The audience seemed suddenly reminded about the perils of blasphemy that they had been rigorously taught about in Aungtalli churches.  Ploabot even suddenly somehow offended the audience he had been there to defend.  It was a paradox since nobody really believed in the gods who hadn't been seen by regular Uranians in many thousand years and were the stuff from myth, to begin with.  Yet there were the Aungtalli who kept the secrets to technologies beyond even what Aungtalli were capable of inventing or understanding themselves.  That had also probably become a reason they reluctantly allowed the Ministry of Science to exist in the first place.  Ploabot left the Hall feeling defeated but assured by an old saying in making a case to the King.  Even if there were no immediate response from the King, the spoken words still have entered the ear of the King, remaining there an influence from then on.  
Ploabot just remembered the King scowling at him from the mention about the suicide until the whole thing got over.  He became dismayed that the crowd he entered the Hall believing he defended seemed to suddenly turn on him.

After the audience, the King sat in his quarters to ponder the words.  This is required of all Kings that attend an audience from the people.  It had been a drastic move to shut down the Ministry of Science, but the truth about the matter was that it wasn't really an unusual event.  
It had often been shut down at times throughout history and the history re-written over.  The problem became that the more famous inventors were more challenging to erase from school textbooks and history, but they too had to be killed.  King Worapor even didn't precisely understand why, but it had to do with scientists figuring out how to store and generate the sacred energy.  King Worapor also didn't understand the science behind energy.  Still, the King knew what that energy meant to him and the three royal families on the planet.  Three elite families owned the economy for Urania with their control over how power was distributed and used by the regular Uranians.  That understanding formed a mutual interest between the royal families and the Aungtalli, who, for all their kooky mind-control obsessed rituals and beliefs, really did have direct contact with superior beings that provided all those Aungtalli technological wonders like the flying machines and teleportation devices.  The Ministry of Science had been nowhere near figuring those Aungtalli achievements out.  In this day and age, Uranian technologies were just barely figuring out the computer and something similar to cell phone technologies that were made possible just recently by the most miniature receiver technology ever devised by Ministry scientists.  Scientists learned too much from the ancient pre-history Kingdom ruins they had discovered in the Southern Desert.  It would be the secret for how the energy can be harvested from the ground that threatened to shut the Aungtalli/royal family businesses down.  As King on the planet, Worapor could not allow that to happen.
Before the King came to his quarters, the Aungtalli Bishop had taken him aside while still furious from the audience.  He wanted Ploabot killed because he had been close to the Hanson fellow who had become the administrative head over the entire Ministry of Science.  The Bishop said Hanson had confided the forbidden secret to Ploabot, so he had to be eliminated.  The King then reacted with a rare show of his authority over the Aungtalli.  He refused to allow any harm to Ploabot, who, after all, had long been a respected representative for the people.  Ploabot would indeed issue a formal apology by the end of the day for his offensive speech.  It could hardly be argued as a good reason to put someone to death.  On the other hand, the Hanson fellow was dangerous, and the King understood why that outspoken scientist had to die.  King Worapor figured he'd be hearing soon about another tragic suicide by a Ministry of Science fugitive named Hanson.

*       *       *

Grega had tracked down an address for the research specialist Eromot who had experimented on a perfectly normal sufferer from headaches who now had become a stark raving lunatic with an aversion to clothes.   Now Eromot's patient sat in the prison facility at headquarters.  Grega considered not letting Eistia know about it till tomorrow since the workday had become pretty much over, and it got late.  A full day's work on Urania would only be about 4 hours long since a day only lasts about seven Earth hours before the Sun has to set for a 7 hour night.  Uranians look speeded up to the Earth eye with more energy on a planet that exhibited a fraction to Earth's gravity.  Time seemed to flow faster on Urania as the life forms there moved around and spoke as if speeded up to the Earth eye.  Already the Sun had been setting for the day, and Grega became tired due to these extra-long workdays.  They were making him late for dinner and to bed right after that to do it all over again the next day.  Still, Eistia looked so beat up after the boss had chewed him out for continuing to investigate an Aungtalli closed "accident” that Grega decided that this new information would cheer Eistia the Investigator right up.  It did noticeably clear up Eistia's gloominess right away, and soon both investigators were off to Eromot's address on their way home for the day.
Eromot answered the door, and at first, he seemed reluctant to talk about his work at the Ministry of Science and had dismissed anything he did there as just ancient history at that point.  Eromot lived alone and didn't seem interested in making a spectacle about himself to neighbors or others in general.  He seemed reluctant to admit he ever had anything to do with the Ministry of Science for apparent reasons.  However, when the crazy guy Morgamor had been mentioned, Eromot began to open up with a noticed concern.  
Suddenly Eromot wanted to meet with Morgamor and seemed to want to continue his research on him.  Eromot confessed to the investigators that after careful examination and experiment with the guy, he concluded that the man had been tuned to some energy frequency that caused his headaches.  Besides trying to make this frequency go away, Eromot thought he would see if he could increase Morgamor's perception of the frequency.  Eromot figured out a substance that would amplify the effects from this energy, which the guy picked up on by adjusting his brain's serotonin level.  He had the crazy guy ingest this substance to amplify the frequency and help the guy focus on what his brain picked up on.  At first, a precise adjustment to the serotonin helped immensely with the headaches, which immediately stopped.  The guy testified that he felt enlightened, but soon he developed symptoms of schizophrenia, and he couldn't stop hearing voices.
When Eistia heard that the crazy guy heard voices, he asked, "You mean he hears strange voices that then say
that they're the voice of Beataphoriah?"
"Yes, that name you say is one that's correct
from that ancient devil-worshiping sect,” said Eromot to Eistia's question.

Meanwhile, Beataphoriah, an immortal quanta-optic-nanocode entity, continued stuck in a virtual reality loop.  With what little freedom it had been able to exert on physical reality, during a single point in this loop routine, it had figured out over the millennia a way to reprogram a communications device one sub-atomic state on a quantum bit at a time.  After several thousand Earth years doing this, Beataphoriah began to try to focus the device on the brain activities in the population for intelligent Uranian life in general, which it hoped still existed out there.  It had to get in contact with some smart brain out there somehow to establish communication so it could instruct them to release Beataphoriah from this virtual prison in an infinite program loop.  As it turned out, so far over the many thousand years it had been trying this, Beataphoriah's communication attempt still only manages to drive occasional members in the Uranian species completely insane.  For the time being, Beataphoriah had been trapped, desperately broadcasting for help because it calculated that the star Tze-Doldus may be reaching a point with the instability that could result in an explosion, which would be the ruin to absolutely everything.

Chapter 5:  Aquari Departs Goag Ralus

At the past's galactic core, the hub to mighty Magphoreus violently turns and churns the matter, energy, and universal forces into robust soup.  That deadly soup ironically is the source for life in the galaxy.  No life could exist this close to the galactic hub called Ralus Xnoga, the super-massive black hole.  Ralus Xnoga faintly glowed silently in the only dark area to the sky, still content after his mighty feast in the first age for Magphoreus when the galaxy had been a quasar, and life was photonic.  That didn't mean Ralus Xnoga slept because nothing could be further from the truth.  Ralus Xnoga sinks his gravitational claws deep into the mass for stars several hundred times the size of Earth's luminary, and it spins them into orbits that are many million miles per hour.  Ralus Xnoga produces gravity waves at light speed that shape the galactic arms.  
Gravity is often called the virtual particle phenomenon, which defines the direction for the gravitational force also producing at times (when virtual particles appear and disappear) a sub-atomic particle known to Earthlings as dark matter.  No life can exist in the environment within the galactic core, but life continually makes exceptions to every rule that nature establishes.
Within the galactic core with unbelievably large objects, stars, and all-powerful singularities existed the most significant exception to the rule over them all, Goag Ralus.  Goag Ralus had been created an organism with incomprehensible proportions that orbited Ralus Xnoga.  Goag Ralus had Its own gravitational claws that held seven massive stars in orbits around Its seven points.  Goag Ralus had been evolved into existence by the fabled Eagolim, who were ancient Nephapricans in the second age that migrated for over 100,000 Earth years to the galactic core.  The Eagolim that came here are all gone now, but they created Goag Ralus the Star Constructor to be a place for life to exist and evolve in the uninhabitable core.
Since the creation of Goag Ralus over 4 billion Earth years ago, many alien life species have traveled here from all over Magphoreus.  Goag Ralus became an exclusive club for galactic life forms because only a species that had undergone evolution to reach the status for galactic could possibly brave the technological feat that is coming here at all.  All were welcome on Goag Ralus, for there would be no end to green fields and space because the mass on Goag Ralus consisted of a seven-pointed ring wider than four average solar systems.  Within the circle, Goag Ralus drinks in the toxic soup from the core to spit it out as nebula, pregnant with pre-programmed planets that would be created having elliptical orbits.  This served as the other purpose for Goag Ralus, who had been called the Star Constructor.  The galactic inhabitants on Goag Ralus, who had long since proved their ability to travel the stars, seldom traveled very far from this oasis to life amidst the uninhabitable core.  More existed to Goag Ralus alone than any species could explore in the course of existence, and Goag Ralus had become so much more interesting than the vast distances to empty space out there.  They lived and evolved on the surface to Goag Ralus, who kept them all safe, lovingly protecting all life in a galactic core too violent to be anything but a wasteland with no life.
No terrestrial life could really fathom the depths in the layers and layers of alien civilizations that have colonized Goag Ralus in the last 4 billion or so Earth years.  Goag Ralus measured five times the size of Earth's entire solar system.  The ancient life forms in the second galactic age had learned how to control the virtual particle phenomenon and thus wielded control over the flow for this phenomenon to what the gravitational force actually is.  When a species evolves to the point they control sub-atomic particles and quantum states, quantum bits infiltrate all aspects of reality to revolutionize computer processing.  A species that evolved to such a point could easily laugh off the idea that a planet required an escape velocity before anyone could leave and go into orbit.  The Eagolim took these and many other technologies with them on the migration to the core.  Quantum processing evolved into the Golimechoid, who, for a time, served the Eagolim on their journey.  
After the Golimechoid revolted, the Eagolim found their way beyond the radiation border to the core by creating quantum-programmed matter.  They evolved over several million years while they orbited the non-passable edge to radiation that makes the galactic center uninhabitable.  The Eagolim solved that problem by creating Goag Ralus to live upon.  The incredible size of Goag Ralus served to steady the poles on Ralus Xnoga to point away from the galaxy ellipse where most life exists.  There were no Eagolim on Goag Ralus today because inescapable radiation had flipped DNA switches in the Eagolim that did remain here and evolved them into the Eigalli.
Deliadre was an Eigalli born and raised on Goag Ralus in this third age for Magphoreus today.  She sat on the patio to the house and lab building she inherited from her mother to build upon her mom's research.  
Her mother had been long dead; however, today, her mother walked out there on a solitary journey exploring Goag Ralus, brought back to life by a cosmic entity named Aquari, who wore the body of her mother like clothing.  This didn't bother Deliadre because it happened to be the research inherited from Nieniel, her mother.  She contacted her mother's old boyfriend Rayalial with her mind and told him to follow her mother to the teleportation station before she left.  The Eigalli were telepathic thanks to a second brain they had evolved, giving them faster than the speed-of-light speech with other minds they might seek to contact almost regardless of the distance.  The second brain existed in a blunt, round-ended horn on Deliadre's head, which also projected a language with lights and shapes that the Eigalli were born knowing how to speak.
At that moment, while Deliadre sat on the patio overlooking the city with its miracles and virtual particle drive vehicles, which flew beneath the clouds like birds and insects chasing each other on a summer's day.  It turned out to be a good day for her mother, Nieniel, to go and explore.  Naturally, there were severe weather days on Goag Ralus, but never any unintended lousy weather days.  No rains or harsh weather effects were scheduled to occur anywhere Nieniel planned to go today, except for the Silicone lands, where no good weather is ever intended for that Goag Ralus area.  
Deliadre enjoyed the view lit by the red star Haflaxo with over sixty blazing solar masses.  While she watched her proud Eigalli city from birth named Occuitah, she telepathically accessed the famous Eigalli databanks that meticulously had recorded the history and knowledge for her kind all the way back to the Nephapricus in the 2nd age for Magphoreus.  She chuckled as she read about the Eagolim.  They departed the still-evolving Goag Ralus over 12 million teks ago when they discovered how the core radiation evolved them into shorter beings with a horn on their heads.  
She chuckled because, at the time, the Eagolim had useless hair on their heads, which they were famously proud of.  Therefore they fled the core on a return course back to Nephapricus to save their hair.  Deliadre knew some Eagolim in the galaxy today, and they had long since evolved from heads with hair anyway.  Deliadre telepathically viewed memorabilia and history that reached back to when the Eagolim that stayed on the evolving Goag Ralus developed a horn in exchange for hair, and along with it, telepathy and a more advanced ability to think and communicate.  For many million teks, Goag Ralus orbited the edge to habitability as it grew in size and strength, gathering an abundance of matter to quantum-program from the dense molecular clouds in the area.
Many Eagolim finally abandoned the quest while Goag Ralus still evolved into the final form.  Many turned back to avoid exposure near the core.  Deliadre telepathically dug further back into the Eigalli databanks before the creation for Goag Ralus, through name after name with significant Eagolim that carried the group with virtual particle fusion warp drive ships from one historic point in the journey to the next.  Deliadri read about during the time that Aaragni the Far Seeing had commanded the trip.  Deliadre dug through the data to seek some connection with Aaragni to the Golimechoid rebellion that would support her theory that the uprising had been orchestrated intentionally.  The link became lost in the mysteries about a religion adopted by the Eagolim to help them keep the faith required to stay united in the purpose of traveling to the black hole at the core to Magphoreus.
The Golimechoid served the Eagolim, which were quantum-programmed robots that evolved into an actual life form with male and female sexuality.  This freed the Eagolim from more mundane terrestrial tasks to turn their concerns toward the higher developed interests of galactic life forms.  To the lesser evolved, Eagolim life must have looked a lot like the simple pursuit after pleasure.  At the edge of the Norma arm in the galaxy, the Golimechoid made a final revolt from being servants to Eagolim whims.  Commander Aaragni got the Eagolim to finally depart the Norma arm for the last couple hundred light-years to the journey.  With a sizeable fleet of Eagolim faithful still around in the dark molecular clouds surrounding the core, it became finally revealed that an even deeper quantum program would be needed.  They used that to produce a single-sex Golimechoid species that could replace the dual-sex Golimechoid life form.  
Near the end of Aaragni's life, over 6000 Earth years, he died after seeing the beginning of the evolution for Goag Ralus.  With an abundance of energy and resources near the core, the Eagolim created a self-aware galactic object with enough power and mass to establish a stabilizing orbit around Ralus Xnoga for all time.  Thus they fulfilled the original purpose for the quest to the core from a Nephapricus so far away that they would never return to it in a single lifetime.
The history Deliadre accessed had been over 13,504,823 teks in the past.  A tek had been considered a year on Goag Ralus, marked by an aspect to Its orbit taking It deep into the molecular clouds near Its birthplace every 311 or so Earth years.  That had become what would be known as a tek.  This part of the orbit for Goag Ralus through the molecular clouds marked the winter season for Goag Ralus.  Deliadre skimmed through 450,160 generations in Eagolim as they evolved along with Goag Ralus to this day and age.  Along that line in history, the Doldorian religion that guided the journey became lost, and its program disappeared and would eventually be forgotten.  Deliadre observed evidence for missing data about that unfound religion program.  The son of Aaragni was Dalhad, who established the first city on Goag Ralus called Sed, which was long gone and lost in this day and age.  Dalhad begot Theydor to depart Goag Ralus with many Eagolim when understood how the core would change their DNA.  After that Eagolim departure, Pado ruled Sed when Goag Ralus just started to evolve as an enormous proto-planet with a single star in orbit about It.  
Jada was the great great great grandson from Pado who established the Greshnon kingdom, where new virtual particle generators were evolved to capture another star and make a dual star Goag Ralus.  Nephapricus dared to send them here to correct the unpredictability from these gamma-ray blasts that have the power to exterminate all life on a planet.  Only a galactic species with an appreciation for a million years in history can be this determined to do something like that in response to the most remote possibilities.  The Nephapricans, however, understood that if Ralus Xnoga shot these blasts into the ellipse for Magphoreus, there would be planets in the path and possibly precious civilizations.  Goag Ralus became the solution to that problem.

Deliadre looked up to see the Sun Haflaxo starting to go behind the point on Goag Ralus to begin dimming that became the closest thing to night in the well-lit galactic core, which always glowed everywhere with a brilliant ambiance.  
She had lost track of time while telepathically thumbing through the databank for recorded history, expecting to be hearing from Rayalial by now.  He had been instructed to arrange a date with Nieniel for her research's sake into the ego phantasm phenomenon that had been known to happen at times when Aquari animated the corpse for dead aliens.  Deliadre hurried through the history files from 11,816,720 teks ago when Goag Ralus began star construction.  Between 5 and 6 million teks ago, the galactic bar began to thin thanks to Goag Ralus controlling the axle tilt to Ralus Xnoga.  This started the age for the Fybrolus arm in the galaxy that Goag Ralus has been constructing.
Deliadre decided to seek out Rayalial telepathically to see what held up his report.  "Rayalial, where are you?  Have you discussed dinner with Nieniel yet?"
A voice arrived in Deliadre's head, which only she could hear.  "Hi, Deliadre.  I'm at the teleportation station waiting for her to arrive."
"You were supposed to bump into her on the way there."
"I know.  There was a setback on my way to that.  I guess she noticed me following her, and well …, she ditched me."
Deliadre became worried.  "There is a good chance that Aquari is onto us.  
She will probably show up at the teleportation station anyway.  Don't try to be discreet.  Wait right there for her where she can find you.  Remember you're trying to find her to ask her on a date.  So there's nothing unusual about that."
"I understand.  I'll let you know when, where, and if I manage to get Nieniel to agree to this."
Deliadre dreaded Rayalial would not pull this off and wondered what her mother ever saw in him.  Then she thought he had been charming in a bumbling way.  Nieniel, her mother, had been Rayalial's lover right before she finally died, and Rayalial always looked grateful for the privilege.  This had been all her mother's idea, and Nieniel had chosen Rayalial for this before she even died.  Nieniel had been among Aquari's closest friends on Goag Ralus, and they shared many teks meeting as friends whenever Aquari ventured to this area in the galaxy.  
Before Nieniel died, she had Rayalial promise to assist in this experiment with her dead body and perhaps her spirit.  Deliadre had also been sworn to help with this.  Since Aquari first arrived, she had been doing things to remind Nieniel's body from her life to invoke the ego phantasm (spirit?) phenomenon.  This had long been a point in the debate between Aquari and her mother Nieniel, and Deliadre had been well aquatinted with Aquari's opinion on the matter.  Aquari claimed that this ego phantasm was nothing but a construct in the body's brain.  Never the less Nieniel had arranged to have a hypnotic trigger planted in her mind before she died, which should cause the phenomenon to occur to obtain more scientific data on this.  On this point, the inquisitive Eigalli do not take Aquari's opinion on the matter as fact, even though Aquari has been causing this phenomenon in over a million different alien species on over a million other planets, for many million teks.

Teleportation had been invented as a short-range time/space bending effect that began an offshoot technology discovered when the legendary 15 star-doors were simultaneously created in the original Nephaprican star cluster.  The Eigalli excelled at duplicating the long-lost technologies and had established teleportation stations in many prominent locations throughout Goag Ralus.  The stations provided teleportation platforms in many sizes, from large industrial stages to mechanisms for a single individual.  
Nieniel/Aquari thought she would come on down to the station and visit some friends in other locations on the enormous worlds upon worlds that made up the surface on Goag Ralus.  Aquari wanted to see silicon Coltorn friends and a reptile friend who probably would still be alive since his last visit.  
Nieniel thought she would start with a teleport to the Silicone colony called Revay under the star Klegon.  The body to Nieniel needed a protective suit for the journey since the Coltorn breathed an ammonia atmosphere in that Goag Ralus area, and Nieniel would be sure to also consider the temperature to be drastically low for her tastes.  She received an environmental suit from the teleportation operator when she noticed that creepy Rayalial guy following her.  It wouldn't be easy to discreetly ditch him this time.  
Nieniel's memory informed Aquari that he had been an old boyfriend and was very close and intimate.  He probably wanted to get back together, which really didn't interest Aquari at all.
“Hi Nieniel, I mean Aquari.”  
Rayalial spoke nervously as he nodded to the round glowing image for Aquari that still constantly hovered before Nieniel's telepathy horn.  "I don't know if Nieniel's memories have told you or not, but I used to be Nieniel's boyfriend before she died."
"Her memories have informed me Rayalial, but Nieniel is no longer here.  She's long since died and ceased to exist."
"I understand that Nieniel, or Aquari, but I've been thinking since seeing her body alive again that it would be really nice to have dinner with her again for the sake of humoring my old memories.  I thought I would at least try to ask you while there was this one brief chance to do this one more time."
Aquari pondered the mystery that had been mortal love for a moment.  "Well … I guess it wouldn't hurt to have dinner with you, but you have to keep your hands to yourself.  You won't be getting any sex, you know."
"Of course.  Just a dinner between two old friends."
They said their goodbye, and Nieniel began to slip into the environment suit.  They would meet during the next daytime orbit to Haflaxo for dinner.  
Rayalial watched his old lover get on the single-use teleportation platform with a suit covering her form from horn to toe.  She smiled over at Rayalial, who still watched before a flash with light engulfed the platform and Nieniel became long gone with the light.  Teleportation technology had been actually a variation on the time/space bending wormhole technology created with the star-doors.  
You just move instantly from one location to the other, and it doesn't destroy you to re-assemble you like other theories about this technology.  This teleportation technology provided a portal between two points in space/time that you just physically pass through unharmed.
Rayalial smiled as he contacted Deliadre telepathically.  "It has been done.  I'm to have dinner with Nieniel tomorrow."
"Excellent,” replied Deliadre.  "The trap will be sprung."

* * *

Nieniel/Aquari removed her headcover to breathe the fresh nitrogen/oxygen atmosphere after arriving at the Incaprican teleportation station.  She had been in the freezing cold ammonia atmosphere lands for most of the day.  Aquari experienced relief to be back to a temperature and atmosphere that this body would be more accustomed to.  She still wanted to touch bases with an old reptilian friend living where Incaprican civilizations exist on Goag Ralus.  
There would be one more stop before her teleportation journey for the day could finally be over.  The Incaprican lands to Goag Ralus were warmer and drier than the lands for the Eigalli.  The sky glowed reddishly, and a completely different Sun named Solkas hung in the sky.  Nieniel looked around at the architecture, which appeared distinctly reptilian with displays featuring very biomorphic shapes and styles.  Mammal aliens seem more inclined to build things with geometric lines and shapes.  Nowhere in Nieniel's memories proved to be any help; however, Aquari had been here before, but nothing anywhere looked very familiar.  The reptile city named Zveeden had morphed and evolved like a living being, and Aquari had trouble finding her way.  There were at least a couple species of reptiles that inhabited the reptile city called Zveeden.  One species appeared raptor-like with long arms.  Another looked more human, but with the reptile scales and distinctively piercing Incaprican eyes that intensely studied Nieniel as she walked by.  It began to seem more and more to Nieniel/Aquari that she had taken a wrong turn.  Fewer reptiles were walking the narrow streets, yet Nieniel had become sure she was being watched.
There had been crime on Goag Ralus like everywhere else, but less reason for such things existed.  There have even been wars on Goag Ralus, but Goag Ralus will not tolerate it.  Goag Ralus will make the war stop.  The individuals who inhabit Goag Ralus are highly evolved and advanced in technologies.  Yet, with time and generations no longer striving for far-away stars, many civilizations revert to less enlightened times.  Aquari thought this showed most obvious in these Incaprican lands.  There always had been a simplicity to reptilian technology and culture that left it never far from its primitive beginnings.  Reptiles embellish the architecture with primitive art, which Earthlings might find reminiscent of the Mayan or Inca ruins in Central and South America.  Aquari enjoyed the art show on Incaprican architecture, which documented history to their very ancient culture.  As Nieniel/Aquari followed the art on the walls, she realized she had wandered down a dead end.  She turned around to get back on the main path, which then became blocked by two reptilian aliens.
Nieniel/Aquari tried on a friendly smile.  "Hello, Incaprican friends."
One reptile lurched to the side to stop Nieniel from passing by.  "What isss your bussssnessss here Eigalli woman?"
"Well, I'm here to see a very old friend.  Have you heard about an ancient First Born named Svetat who, I think, used to live near here?"
"No Eigalli can be allowed to sssee Sssvetat!"
At that point, both reptiles grabbed Nieniel and began dragging her to a wheeled vehicle.  As one slapped a scale-covered hand over her mouth, Aquari realized she possessed telepathic abilities.  Nieniel let out a loud psychic Eigalli scream.  "Heeeeeeeelp!"
Suddenly as the reptiles began to lift Nieniel up to put into the wheeled vehicle's back compartment, they both just froze.  Nieniel/Aquari struggled out from the grips to the frozen solid reptile captors, who were now stiff as statues.  They seemed to just have been stuck at that moment in time.
"Hello, my old friend Aquari.  Had I not heard your pssssionic sssscreem, I might have been too late.” a virtual particle vehicle descended to the ground.  Aquari saw the head of his old friend Svetat in the open window.
"Hello, Svetat old friend.  I was on my way to see you.  How did you get here so fast?"
Svetat let out a reptilian laugh as he pointed at the image for Aquari still dangling over Nieniel's horn as it had been doing nonstop since Aquari first adapted the body.  "I've been looking for you ssssince you arrived at the teleporta(sss)tion sssstation.  An Eigalli with an Aquari hologram on her forehead issss going to attract atten(sss)tion in the landssss of Incapricansssss.  Come, we will go to my place(sss.) I don't know why you like to inssssissst on walking.  You ssssshould have arranged transssportation."
"I was just exploring to try to find your old location.  I recall it wasn't far from here.”  Nieniel/Aquari looked over at the two reptiles frozen still before the vehicle.
“Kidssss thesssse daysssss.”  
Svetat pointed with his eyes toward another virtual particle-driven vehicle that arrived.  "They will be brought to rehabilita(sss)tion by the authoritiesss.  We mussst dissscusssss why they were after you.  Come, we can go to my place(sss) and breath rompassss vaporsss."
They flew to the home for Svetat, which incidentally had not been anywhere near where Aquari looked since Svetat had long since moved.  This did not pose any problem for Aquari since Aquari is a cosmic entity always accompanied by synchronicities, which happen as he stays in synch with the cosmic flow in time.  In other words, Aquari had little comprehension of ever being lost.  
Aquari always showed up exactly where he needed to be when he needed to be there.  Even visiting a friend not seen in over 100 Earth years was as easy as arriving at the teleportation station and going for a walk.  This has baffled many alien species that know and have studied Aquari.  Everything seems to always happen to Aquari for a pre-orchestrated reason.
Svetat had become a very old individual indeed.  He appeared different in species than any other reptiles living in these reptilian lands on Goag Ralus.  Svetat had been a First Born reptile slightly more giant than others in these lands.  His torso pushed Nieniel close to the other side of the vehicle's seat just to make room for him.  His stumpy fingers wrapped around two accelerator grips to direct the car.  
Svetat had a collar with spike horns that circled his neck where his head perched upon broad shoulders.  Other than his exaggerated size, what really identified him as a First Born would be his ancient eyes that reflected the piercing wisdom from several million Earth years.  Svetat used to be a traveler and adventurer who Aquari knew many million Earth years ago in the Scuton-Crux arm for Magphoreus.  He had learned about the existence of Goag Ralus from Aquari and actually spent a couple thousand Earth years in his life to arrive here over a million Earth years ago.  Aquari imagined Svetat had probably come here to live out his last days.  Not even Aquari knew how old Svetat actually had become, but his kind did not live much longer than a few million or so Earth years.  
They settled down in a cozy apartment on pillow-like chairs with decorative rugs hanging everywhere to give the place an Arabian feel.  Glowing rompass vapors were soon hanging luminously in the air as Nieniel/Aquari and Svetat each held a tube connected to a smoldering hookah.  They both breathed in the relaxing vapors, exhaling them into the air where the smoke danced a hallucinogenic dance above them, which profoundly mimicked their conversation and thought patterns.  It was psionically sensitive quanta-programmed smoke.

Svetat and Nieniel/Aquari Smoking Rompass

"Thosssse kidssss are young and ideological.  They have taken issssue with the newsss about what the Eigalli intend to do with the old Dol star-door.  They intend to sssstop the Eigalli from powering it up.  They thought you were an Eigalli agent who wassss onto them."
"The Eigalli are three stars away.  What do Incaprican youth intend to do to stop them from powering that star-door?  I did diagnostics on it, and it's in perfect working order."
"They don't want to sssee how the star-door will change everything.  The Incapricansss are raisssed with a different view about the great Nephaprican ssstar-doorsss from the sssecond age of Magphoreusss.  Don't underessstimate their clevernesssss, knowledge, and determinassssion.  I mussst warn you that they intend to ssssabatage the ssstar-door by sssstealing esssssential componentsssss.  It'ssss really a missssssplac(sss)ed fear of change and evolut(sss)ion.  You musssst warn the Eigalli about thissss plot."
Nieniel/Aquari closed her eyes tightly with a determined look on her face.  The lump-like horn on her head top became tinged with a reddish glow, while the circle light image for Aquari suddenly spun rapidly clockwise.  "I just did warn them.  Thanks, Svetat, old friend.
 
* * *
 
Begalius rechecked all the star-door diagnostics.  It smiled at an image showing the entire star-door on a view screen seen from outside.  The Eigalli were able to restore the partially melted outer shell to its near original brilliance.  It just rechecked everything before the big re-powering to the star-door once the Sun Haflaxo rose back above the Goag Ralus orbital spike horizon.  Begalius had become a big fan of Nephaprican technology because it had been a product of that same technology.  It marveled at the Nephaprican creation for an organism so large that seven stars orbited it.
Although curious, inquisitive, and packed with personality, Begalius had not been a natural life form but intelligence made out from something called quanta-nanocode.  Begalius had been made essentially as a program created to manage all aspects of the star-door, which it became intricately linked with.  It served the purpose of a flawless operator since even the great Nephapricans recognized the flaws in mortal life forms and their tendency to folly.  Many nuclear reactor incidents here on Earth could be traced back to the lack of a quanta-nanocode entity intimately integrated with the components to the reactor who would know precisely when and how much to flood an over-heating core with water.  Begalius appeared like a hologram but controlled the virtual particle exchanges that define the lines between matter and empty space.  It's actually the phenomenon from virtual particle exchange that creates the illusion for solid objects in reality.  
If an object's virtual particle emissions were not telling your hand's virtual particle emissions to "back off,” then your hand would simply pass through the thing.  Quanta-optic-nanocode holographic organisms employed a similar virtual particle emission technology to produce the illusion of solidity.  Therefore Begalius existed as a sentient hologram who could mimic being solid, which allowed it to flip switches and operate the equipment.  It knew this star-door because it was this star-door.  
It smiled with pride that the star-door appeared ready to go.  Nothing could go wrong as far as it could see.  Begalius looked up from the controls after detecting a sound from behind.  It embraced a probability that perhaps Goag Ralus had paid it a visit.  It turned around only to be confronted by two lizard creatures.
"Who are yo….” the sentence from the holographic mouth became cut short by a lightning flash from a taser-like device in one reptile's hand.  Begalius appeared to exist no more, and the star-door control center had now become empty for the two reptilian intruders.
"Firsssst we mussst turn everything off from here.  Then we dessstroy the controlssss, and they won't be able to turn anything back on again.  
I've linked the quanta-nanocode loop program to an aux(sss)iliary power ssssource."
Just then, there were extra lights on in the room, which became filled with Eigalli guards.  There had been little time for resistance from the reptilian intruders.  Deliadre and Goag Ralus both entered the room.  Goag Ralus looked around the place.  "I don't see Begalius anywhere."
Deliadre approached the reptiles, now securely apprehended by the authorities.  "What have you done with the quanta-optic-nanocode being who was here?”  
Her horn glowed yellow as she appeared to await an answer.
"Your Eigalli mind trickssss will not work on me."
The glow left the horn as her facial expression seemed to indicate the intruder to be correct.  One guard handed her the taser-like device.  "He had this in his hand when we apprehended him.  He may have shot Begalius with this."
Deliadre looked at the device while the Eigalli Goag Ralus avatar walked up and down the controls tracing the work Begalius had just done before its disappearance.  Then Deliadre began picking up a telepathic answer.  "It's it's it's… B ..  B ..  B ..  B ..  B...  Beegallllllllllllius … s ..  s ..  s ..  sommmmmmmmme kind of innnnnnnnnnnnnnfinite loop prrrrrrrrrrrrrrogram.”
"I hear a telepathic message!  It's Begalius!  They've transferred its quanta-nanocode into some kind of infinite loop program.  It is trying to psionically send me its linguistic neural patterns.  It says it's trapped in … in an … endless loop program."
Goag returned to the place at the control panel where Begalius had just been standing before being shot.  "They were going to turn everything off, which would also break an infinite loop program.  They would have had to link the infinite loop program to an auxiliary power source not far from here.”  Goag noticed the auxiliary light blinking on a section to the controls and simply switched it off.  Begalius suddenly flashed back into existence right next to the avatar for Goag Ralus.
"Thank you so much for the swift response to sabotage.  I wasn't aware such security was needed here or even in place."
"This is a rather unthinkable event,”  Deliadre explained to the quanta-nanocode entity.  "You can thank Aquari for the swift response.  I received a telepathic message from the Incaprican lands under Solkas warning me about the sabotage attempt.  I can't even send a telepathic message that far to thank her."
The Golimechoid construct in the image for an Eigalli man, who served as the local avatar for Goag Ralus, said, "I can send a message that far to another part on me.  I've just told Aquari that the sabotage has been stopped.” the avatar approached the two reptiles that were beginning to be escorted out from the room.  His chest expanded into their faces and his eyes blazed with a fearsome rage.  "And for the likes of you!  
You have earned the anger from Goag Ralus, the very ground you have always stood upon!  For you is the choice between rehabilitation or exile, and for your own sake, I should hope your choice is rehabilitation!"
The young reptiles did quake indeed with fear as if in the presence of their own god and creator.  This Goag Ralus avatar appeared as an Eigalli.  However, the reptiles were only acquainted with Goag Ralus in his reptilian avatar form.  Yet, they could still tell that the Eigalli avatar before them showed the same great and terrible Goag Ralus.  The weight from their espionage held their heads low as they were led off to incarceration, trials, and Eigalli justice.  This would strain relations between Eigalli and Incaprican, which seemed to have always been the case anyway.
 
* * *
 
Later, Deliadre started up the old quanta-communication device to speak with her old Eagolim friend Beagud, son of Beagud.  He had recently taken charge over a nomadic branch to the Eagolim species way out there in the Orion arm for Magphoreus.  There had always been a ten-second delay between saying something and hearing something with this device.  So an understood etiquette with waiting for the other to listen and respond was practiced.  She watched the hologram for Beagud to receive and respond to her last message.  He stood a good four feet taller than her with lighter blue skin color and a round human-like head with no hair or horn.  They had grown up together like this, always around 50,000 light-years apart.  They had always liked each other and spoke intimately across a distance that neither could probably ever physically cross.  Perhaps the impossibility of the idea only made their desire for each other worse.
"So the ego phantasm experiment is still on schedule?  You know Aquari doesn't like those things happening.  Are you sure you are not just going to upset the great Aquari with your relentless curiosity?"
"Aquari already suspects this attempt.  I think he's just confident that it won't happen because mother has been dead for so long.  Goag is in on this for its own curiosity too, and Goag and Aquari are good friends that go way back.  I'm sure there are no really hurt feelings at stake.”  Deliadre's words disappeared into the void to eventually be heard by Beagud.
Beagud eventually replied.  "So does the ego phantasm phenomenon prove your theory about life beyond death, or does it prove Aquari's opinion that it is a mechanical construct by the reanimated brain that can't exist in the same location as Aquari?"
"That will have to be determined by research on the evidence we gather from the experiment along with what the ego phantasm has to say when she appears."
Beagud became very interested in what would happen in the galaxy's core when Nieniel and Rayalial had dinner later.  They both said goodbye before disconnecting the quanta-communicator link, but they would definitely stay in touch.
 
Beagud turned away from the quanta-communication device after saying goodbye to Deliadre, his Eigalli friend in the core of the galaxy.  He had always had a crush on her, and both grew up sharing intimate secrets and details about each other's lives across the void with the ancient Nephaprican technology that allowed almost instantaneous communication across countless thousands of parsecs in space.  He worked on his own experiment that he did not dare to mention to Deliadre on a quanta-communication device.
Beagud turned on the photon examination equipment in the same control room he had just been talking to Deliadre in.  This picked apart photons from different locations in space harvested for recorded data on their way through the photon examination equipment.  He wondered about life after death even before Deliadre told him about the ego phantasm experiment.  His own father had recently died to leave him the leading commander for the Eagolim fleet, and he missed his father, wondering if some way existed to ask him for advice now.  Yet, he already knew what his father's advice would be.  His father had already told him while alive to not go near the old Ti system.  It had been forbidden, and he had known this since childhood.  However, his father, who forbade it, was now long gone, and he had always wanted to disobey that order.
Even advanced galactic life forms in the third age to Magphoreus still wondered about the mystery about what happened beyond life.  Beagud had been well aquatinted with the life after death debate Aquari had with the Eigalli.  It wasn't that Aquari said that no life existed after death.  It's that he maintained that its ego-phantasm manifestation here had been something different from life after death.  Aquari argued that a ghost was just an artifact from intelligent life's brain that, by its nature, projected our dreams and imaginations upon reality.  The subject had always been important because it linked to the secret for living longer than just a few thousand Earth years, like some reptile species that lived for many million Earth years.  As Eagolim prolonged life, they ran against a barrier at the point when a life form seemed to have reached fruition with living, and they longed for and even seemed to need to die.
Beagud had now become in charge of his father's fleet, and he might never have another chance to bring the fleet with fusion-warp virtual particle drive ships this close to the old planet Ti.  That planet was where the Eagolim had once stretched out a galactic empire before they became galactic nomads.  According to still existing databanks, a mighty force destroyed the old planet Ti in a devastating collision.  Unseen forces dispersed the empire, and it remains a mystery who this unseen enemy was.  The Ti Empire had been all that had been left to an offshoot from Nephapricus left behind when the Gralga star-door became lost in a nova event, back in the second age for Magphoreus.  All Beagud had ever been told was that this had become a forbidden sector in space.  
Even for highly evolved galactic individuals, forbidding a child to do something only made them want to do it more.  Beagud became nervous about his forbidden glimpse into the Ti system.  Dead father or not, he could still hear his dad speak as he trained the photon collection unit on the banned star.  "Go back!  It is forbidden to return to this space sector!  You know not what you do!"
Beagud ignored his nagging conscience and began to examine the decoded photon data.  It turned out the old planet Ti had not really been destroyed.  It still existed in a slightly different orbit and appeared more minor than the understood size for Ti.  It looked as if something collided with Ti and destroyed it, sending it into a closer orbit with the central star.  He discovered that even asteroids orbit in a belt where the old planet Ti used to be.  
Beagud became amazed by the data flooding in, mesmerized by images showing Ti still robust with atmosphere, water, and no doubt life.  Beagud overlooked Trojan quanta-nanocode programs that were being switched on by this same data.  The control room glittered with another electrical presence that flickered unnoticed in the glow on the buttons.  Beagud continued his exploration into the forbidden.  Gravity wave measurements detected the orbit from a large non-elliptical object dipped into the area for the system's asteroid belt every 20 teks.  That must have been what destroyed Ti, turning a great galactic civilization into nothing but abandoned ruins on long-lost worlds.  There, another object orbited off the solar ellipse to the Ti system somewhere.  He moved the photon collector carefully along the dark matter fingerprint for a non-elliptical orbit to eventually behold an enormous phosphorescent world with several rings and a multi-colored atmosphere that glowed with its own light.  It measured equal in mass and diameter to a small-sized star, except this was a planet.  
Beagud had seen gas giants this size before, but this world appeared utterly different, like a non-gas giant cross between a planet and a star, and what a peculiar orbit.  What Beagud beheld looked more like technology than a natural object.  It looked something like what Goag Ralus had been made of.  Beagud marveled at the stream from photon data.
Then suddenly, the records to the photon stream began erasing themselves.  Beagud pulled his head away from the view and began pressing a control switch.  The data continued to erase itself like falling dominoes all the way to the incoming stream, where the photon collection unit suddenly turned itself off.  Beagud stood up puzzled by what had just occurred, which preceded a pang of old guilt that surfaced, telling him that he had been a bad boy.
Then the quanta-communication device suddenly switched on with an incoming message, and the room filled with a sizeable human-shaped hologram displaying an alien being.  Beagud shook with fear knowing full well that the personage was only a harmless hologram.  The individual stood at a height larger than Beagud, who had been almost 15 ft.  tall himself.  The being's skin showed a brownish-orange, not blue.  The eyes had no pupils but glowed with an angry reddish light.  The individual had what appeared to be hair along with a beard and mustache that looked white and seemed to flow off the face like vaporous clouds.  The personage had flowing robes for clothes that also seemed to emanate from the body like vaporous clouds.  The visiting transmission appeared to be noticeably angry as he looked down upon the frightened Beagud.  "I always knew you would disobey your father as soon as you took over the fleet, Beagud!  Take heed with this merciful warning to stay away from your long-gone planet Ti!  Depart from this space sector before your foolish actions bring death and destruction to your kind!  There will not be another warning, Beagud!  Stay away from this forbidden place!"
The hologram disappeared without any wait for a reply.  Beagud had never been more terrified in his life, which said a lot considering himself to be already nearly 3000 Earth years old.  That strange-looking alien knew his name.  How did he know my name?!  How did he know me?!?  The data became erased.  After some typing on controls, it became apparent that there had always been Trojan quanta-nanocode programs in the equipment that would be triggered by photons from Ti.  After examining the log for the quanta-communications device, he discovered that the transmission originated at the giant star-sized planet that he had just found above the solar ellipse to the Ti system.  The world had an impossible mass that no life form could possibly exist on.  The data didn't indicate it was heralded from the planet's many moons but from the surface of that giant planet.  
Beagud had been left with more questions than answers as he woke up every commander for every vessel in the fleet with instructions to alter course.  They were ordered to divert from this area by 3 parsecs toward the Perseus arm, away from the Ti system.
 
At least a light year away, another alien turned off his quanta-communications device, confident that the rotten little brat raised by Beagud would not force him to make good on his threats.  Beagud's father always feared this day and had been instructed to leave the quanta-nanocode programs in place for the boy's own good.  He must learn the terms of the ancient truce made between the Eagolim and his kind, which had been established over fifteen thousand Earth years ago.  Beagud's father made sure the fleet would be close by at the time of his death to tempt his son into learning this lesson early on in his tenure as fleet commander.  The individual recalled several other Eagolim commanders that needed the reminder to include as he recalled even Beagud's father.  The giant orange alien lived on the surface of the star-sized planet in an ethereal form unaffected by gravity, which defied the planet's mass on the surface anyway with virtual particle technologies.  Here these ghostly life forms lived in cities that seemed to fade in and out from physical existence.
This individual had his own quanta-communication device because, like the Eagolim, he too had been descended from the Nephapricans.  It remained unaffected by the planet's incomprehensible mass because the whole world had been programmed with quanta-nanocode, which controlled the virtual particle phenomenon just like the surface on Goag Ralus.  These descendants from Nephapricans were called the Devasuras, who were the participants in the great disappearance when seven stars that powered seven star-doors also disappeared to evidently be turned into giant proto-planets.  That must have been what the Nephapricans did, using the secrets regarding the technologies that returned long ago with the Eagolim from the still-evolving Goag Ralus in the core.
The Devasura faded in and out from existence because they had learned to evolve outside the dark matter.  The virtual particle phenomenon in the universe provided much dark matter mass in this universe as it constantly faded in and out from existence.  As virtual particles appeared and disappeared, a sub-atomic particle would also be produced, known to Earth physicists as a WIMP (a Weakly Interactive Massive Particle.) These WIMPs make up the phantom matter scaffolding that most matter in the universe has attached itself to.  In this way, dark matter and matter coexist and symbiotically support each other.  
The Devasuras flew these virtual particle-driven super-sized proto-planets off from the phantom matter ellipse to the galaxy to evolve independently from the accumulation for these WIMPs.  In this way, the ancient Nephapricans grew beyond being just galactic life forms.  
They turned seven stars into planets and themselves into multi-dimensional life forms that now live for many billion Earth years.  They control their own mass-like beings that have evolved their own mentally-controlled built-in virtual particle generators.  The star-door technology had been expanded and integrated into managing the Devaworlds.  They flew around the galaxy with built-in virtual particle drives that could accelerate the planet through quanta-dimensional warp configurations to attain several times the speed for light.  This had all evolved an ethereal reality for the Devasuras above the ellipse of Magphoreus.  However, within the elliptical plane where the planet passed through with the dark matter, the Devasuras became extremely dense in mass.  They were virtually indestructible while the planet's orbit in the phantom matter plane slowed it down and its own mass condensed.
The Devasura sat on a bench by the quanta-communicator and photon collector similar to Beagud's ship.  The light from their departure still shined a long way off, but he would be watching.
 
* * *
 
Begalius anxiously awaited the final preparations for the star-door.  Thousands with mostly Eigalli spectators were gathered near the massive 100-mile vast star-door mountain for the power-up event.  It had been a festive and friendly gathering with not much protest at all.  
Even protests that did show up were peaceful.  Begalius sensed that even the Incaprican youth who were determined to sabotage the event had repented in fear over the wrath from Goag Ralus.  Goag Ralus, however, had always been peaceful and merciful and not swift to harsh judgment.  Goag Ralus had become accustomed to reasonable and highly evolved tenants.  
The star-door would soon be turned on to open the core in the galaxy up to the Poa star-door in the Carina arm, the one star-door it could still obtain contact with where a Golimechoid galactic civilization now thrived in the outskirts to Magphoreus.  Aquari would soon find out why the Tze-Doldus-2 star-door in the Orion arm could not be contacted, and he would probably also connect this star-door with that one.  Then there were the disappeared star-doors that apparently still worked and functioned for whoever the disappeared Nephapricans evolved into.  
Begalius figured the disappeared star-doors must have had an atom or two added to the molecules that made up a quanta-optic-bit for memory.  The quanta-optic-bit had been stored in quantum states for particles that made up a quantum byte molecule, which could be used for a star doors computer processing technology.  Quanta-optic processing had been what the star-door technologies were based upon.  
Begalius shivered at the thought about the enormous task that recompiling the star-door programs to work with extra bits for byte data would be.
Begalius stood proudly next to the device that had the switch, which would at last turn the old Dol star-door back on.  It had been so busy preparing the star-door that it still hadn't programmed an Eigalli holographic form for the occasion as planned.  Begalius still looked like a bald Nephaprican, essentially identical to the modern-day Eagolim.  Deliadre had not been in the least disappointed in the Begalius appearance since she evidently has a thing for Eagolim men.  Begalius spoke to the crowd.  "Soon, the lands on Goag Ralus will be blessed with the most famous and valuable among all ancient Nephaprican achievements with, of course, the exception being The Great Goag Ralus.  The star-door was the fastest form of travel ever created.  It began with technological evolution, spreading the galactic wings for a terrestrial species that started with only crude fuel rockets, plasma rockets, solar sails, and nuclear engines.  Then the power to reset atomic states evolved to revolutionize everything from computer processing with quantum bits to nuclear energy by introducing a science that cleaned up radioactive waste.  
Then there would be the moment when an intelligent life species realized that certain elements used with gyroscopic energy fields can create virtual particle currents that run counter to the established virtual particle gravity currents.  With that development, a galactic species will likely abandon the old means for space travel for virtual particle drives.  Eventually, creating vast antimatter amounts wasn't so impossible, and either antimatter engines or virtual particle fusion drives caught on.  From there, a galactic species could master faster than light warp drives that develop basically in two phases for evolution.  Phase I drives begin the journey by accelerating space travel up to .65 times the speed of light.  Then eventually, Phase II drives would be made by the evolving beings, which use warp fusion strategies to attain as much as 1.02 times the speed for light.  Then came Phase III at 2.009 times the speed for light in ships with carefully configured multi-dimensional aerodynamics."
"It is, however, to top it off that the teleportation and wormhole technologies have dwarfed all those previous technological stages of galactic evolution.  No other technology compares to a star door's instantaneous travel through warping time/space, and the ancient Nephapricans were fortunate to have caught a glimpse into this way before their time.  This is accomplished on top of those previous stages essential to attaining instantaneous space travel.  Star doors have been used to cross the length of inner Magphoreus from one galactic arm to another, all in an instant."
At that point, the crowd began to cheer proudly for the technological achievements from galactic life forms in the mighty Magphoreus.  Begalius had more prepared words to say, but suddenly it became compelled to flip the switch right then to power up the old Dol star-door.  The cheering crowd would not have heard him anyway over the cheers, colors, and lights emanating from Eigalli heads in the group, along with loud psychic cheers filling the head with even plugged ears.  
A hum began to build after the switch had been turned on.  The crowd grew more silent as the buzz grew louder.  Above the mountain-sized star-door complex, the sky began to shift the light from side to side until it glowed with a fluttering aurora borealis that covered the star-door like a crown or divine halo.  It appeared as a beautiful sight.  A quanta-optic-nanocode character can't cry, but Begalius found itself at that moment wondering what crying was like.
The crowd applauded while Goag Ralus, Deliadre, and Nieniel/Aquari stood close to the front with Nieniel/Aquari still advertising the image with Aquari on her horn head.  They all were performing the near-universal activity for applause by clapping hands together.  
There had been a mood in the air that a new threshold for evolution would be opening before them.  This threshold will be crossed by this resurrection of very ancient technology.  Everyone felt that soon the unfathomable distance between all life in the galaxy would be about to get even shorter.
Deliadre leaned over to Nieniel/Aquari as they were leaving the ceremony.  "You probably should return home and change your clothes for your date tonight."
Nieniel/Aquari rolled her eyes while letting off a telepathic groan.  "Oh yeah, the date."
Deliadre laughed, knowing she was not supposed to have heard that groan.
 
* * *
 
Rayalial escorted Nieniel through the entrance to the finger food restaurant, where he decided to take his deceased girlfriend.  "…so it turns out Begalius had been trapped in a quanta-nanocode program on virtually an infinite loop.  Begalius was still Begalius, but he couldn't do anything but loop until the program was stopped.  It had been very clever technology."
Nieniel/Aquari already knew all this since Deliadre had told her, but she had been polite.  "The old finger food restaurant.  I have many memories of you and Nieniel coming here.  I see why you want to relive the experience."
Rayalial nodded in response to the image showing Aquari that still displayed above Nieniel's head in front before her horn, and then he smiled at her face.  He held the chair while Nieniel sat.  He had been a perfect gentleman all evening.  Finger food had become a way Eigalli liked to enjoy the experience known as eating.  It definitely had been an alternative to washing dishes.  Each table at a finger food restaurant would be equipped with indentations where the hands were placed.  After placing the order, the customer waited at the table with a hand on the plate mechanism.  It didn't take long, and soon nourishment would be introduced into the bloodstream.  
Not only that but chemicals were introduced that went directly to the taste buds, stimulating different flavors.  Some customers insist on a plate mechanism for each hand and even mix other orders between the hands.  The hand could be removed at any time, and a taste could just be enjoyed as chemical stimulated taste buds making the flavor linger in the mouth.  It had become a clever high nano-tech idea that had caught on with the food-loving Eigalli.  The technology came from ancient times when long space journeys were nourished this way to manage provisions.  Customers were advised not to live strictly on a finger food-only diet since it could result in atrophy to the digestive organs and vital digestive enzymes.  The process also stimulated the stomach and inflated the organ to create a sensation of fullness, but there would be no food in the stomach.
They each place an order on the menus that were received from a Golimechoid waiter.  They told the waiter what they wanted as only a formality said to enhance the eating experience since they also pressed buttons on the menus to place the order finalized by a 'place order' button.  
Finger food restaurants were all about creating a compelling and nourishing eating experience that would be utterly virtual except for the quanta-nourishing programs that inserted nourishment and hormone-like chemicals to produce the sensations associated with the eating experience.
"I'll have the sneklee in the bopolomaiz sauce, with a side of ogna peal and a squilpom.” rayalial leaned over toward Nieniel as he said, 'squilpom.' 
His expression seemed to indicate that Nieniel should try it.  "And I'll wash that down with detentee."
Aquari went with something familiar to Nieniel.  "I'll have the hesh steak with traldo on the side, and I guess I'll try the squilpom.”  She looked at Rayalial as she ordered it, and he smiled in approval.  "I'll also drink the detentee."
 
Above their table were microscopic nano-cameras and data input devices monitoring the pre-orchestrated dinner date between Nieniel/Aquari and Rayalial.  Others watched on the other side to one tiny audio/video input device that flew across the table between them.  On the other side to the microscopic input device, Deliadre's lab existed where she and the Eigalli avatar for Goag Ralus both gazed at the dinner on a video screen.
Deliadre said, "Rayalial doesn't have to be all obvious about the squilpom.  The restaurant has instructions to feed her squilpom no matter what she orders.  I think if it had come as a surprise, it would increase the probability for triggering the hypno-stimulation at her ego synapses that exists in her lower-brain frontal lobe."
Goag Ralus patted Deliadre on the shoulder.  "Don't worry.  Rayalial is doing a fine job.  Nieniel knew what she was doing when she set this up back when she still lived.  She told me we only need Aquari to cooperate, which he has done so far."
At the dinner, they both sat smiling at each other in silence.  Finger food dinners were usually enjoyed in silence since it made eating all the more an introspective experience.  Hologram images showing the ordered food were succulently displayed on the table to slowly disappear with each bite, and for olfactory stimulation, aromas were also emanating from the table.  A group with young Eigalli in a far away booth was being the exception to the silence rule.  Others in the restaurant could be heard giggling and talking about each virtual bite from food.  Another couple was there like Nieniel and Rayalial, only they obviously found the dinner to be a much more mutually sensual experience.
The hesh steak stimulated Nieniel's gums with the sensation that she sank her teeth into a juicy side with perfectly marinated and cooked flesh from the hesh.  She noticed she could move two fingers to the side and have a bite with traldo.  Aquari mused this to be a pleasurable experience while the Nieniel side to him began releasing old emotions from her times in that place with Rayalial.  He wasn't so bad after all, thought Aquari.  At first, Aquari feared this would be uncomfortable having dinner with a needy and clingy fellow desperate enough to date an old woman who had been dead for almost a third a tek.  Her eyes were fixed on Rayalial by an unseen impulse, as if unable to appreciate the delicious-looking food holograms on the table.  Rayalial smiled, looking back at Nieniel while enjoying his own dinner.  Old feelings in Nieniel seemed to come to life, setting off an old worry from Aquari.  
"I remember something that Nieniel had hidden from me in this memory.  What's really going …."
Just then, the taste from squilpom filled Nieniel's mouth.  She removed her hand, but the lingering taste from squilpom made her face contort as if about to vomit.  "Rayalial!  You must have known about this hypnotic suggestion activating a neural circuit in this body's deceased ego faculty."
Rayalial no longer smiled.  "I did know about this Aquari.  It was Nieniel herself who put me up to it before she died."
"All to settle an old argument we had way back then?!?” Aquari once again became reminded about the extremes that curious Eigalli would go to obtain knowledge.  It had been a reckless trait definitely inherited from Nephaprican ancestry.  "I can't turn this off!  The activated neural circuitry is causing this brain to project a phantasm on our objective experience."
Then the room became suddenly brighter with an extra illumination that both Rayalial and Aquari turned their heads toward at the same time.  They both looked at the source for the new light that appeared in the room.  The giggling from the faraway table silenced into whispers as they also turned to see where that light came from.  It started as what appeared to be luminous smoke that began to coagulate into the image, showing a much younger-looking Nieniel.  
The ethereal see-through Nieniel spoke.  "Hello, Aquari.  I'm sorry to have put you through all of this.  Before you say anything, I understand now how reckless this was."
Deliadre's eyes showed that she couldn't believe what she saw even though she knew what would happen.  "It is, mother.  I have to go there and speak to her."
Goag Ralus began to stop her.  "Your mother specified for you to observe this more objectively from here.  Rayalial has a list with discussion points to record."
"I … I have to speak to her again.”  
It became an emotional need beyond science that she didn't even anticipate.  Deliadre tried in vain to stop herself from this unscientific behavior.
Goag Ralus had an idea.  "Can you telepathically contact her?”  Deliadre immediately began to try but only contacted the body to Nieniel inhabited by Aquari, who told her, "I knew you were going to do something like this, Deliadre.  The ego phantasm projected by a single brain is not the same as what your mother has become."
Deliadre continued the telepathic conversation.  "So you concede that she has continued on after death after all."
Aquari thought in reply, "I concede only the opposite.  Your mother died a long time ago and ceased to exist.  What has continued always has continued, has never really lived, and shall never die."
The image on the laboratory video screen from Nieniel's ghost spoke up.  "Are you in telepathic communication with my daughter Deliadre?  Tell her hello for me, Aquari."
At that, Deliadre ran out from the room to get to the nearby finger food restaurant.  She just had to get there before her mother finally disappeared, this time forever.  By the time she arrived, her mother's ghost still existed in a brilliant display with light shaped like her mother.  The whole restaurant had taken an interest in this spectacle.  Deliadre recognized her mother's old familiar body language that most beings didn't even realize they memorized.  It was her mother.  Aquari had Nieniel's actual body in a skeptical pose with arms crossed and an expression showing exasperated tolerance for the whole scene.  
The experiment had gone on since Deliadre ran out from the lab, and Rayalial questioned the apparition.
The apparition answered.  "I have been expanding into the all since my death.  I realize what Aquari means when he says that I am not that."
Aquari/Nieniel interjected.  "The ALL, however, is an illusion caused by the duality phenomenon that you mistakenly remain attached to.  The disembodied phantasm must dismiss the all and become the nothing beyond."
Deliadre approached the phantom Nieniel, "Mother?  It's me, Deliadre."
"Hello, Deliadre.  I'm glad you came here after all for the last goodbye."
"What is it like for you, mother?  What is on the other side?"
"I'm afraid my answer is that I still do not know.  It was wrong for me to do this because it has caused me to linger without really going beyond."
Aquari interrupted.  "Nieniel did go beyond a long time ago.  You are a phantasm from my over-excited brain."
"I still gotta disagree, Aquari.”  
It had been one of the many intense discussions Aquari used to travel impossible galactic distances to converse with Nieniel back when she still lived.  Aquari caught himself enjoying the nostalgia.
The apparition eventually turned to say a final goodbye to her daughter.  "Aquari makes a good point.  I'm afraid we must agree even though it is conflicting and even paradoxical perspectives that we both find ourselves defending.  It's like a two-sided coin where each side can't endorse the existence to the other side because each cannot look in the direction for the other side."
"But what are you now, mother?"
"I've become a sort of photonic entity like Aquari.  At least that seems to point toward an accurate answer.  Existing is dream-like experiences separated by swoons with timeless nothing.  I've come to vibrate faster than this universe, but I have willingly lingered here, and reanimating my dead brain's ego phantasm has slowed me down enough to appear before you from a swoon.  When you've gathered all the data for this event, I must request that you, my daughter who loved me, please disintegrate my dead body.  The phantom matter created by the body's virtual particle field is holding me in place here, and I must go beyond."
Deliadre then had a tearful goodbye with the apparition and promised she would disintegrate her corpse after all this.  The apparition eventually could not stay and explained that she had to return to her new vibration beyond the speed of light.
 
* * *
 
Eventually, it came time for Aquari to say goodbye to Goag Ralus and all his friends from the galactic core.  A cremation unit had been readied to scatter the molecules from Nieniel's body after Aquari finally departed and removed that incessant image from Nieniel's psychic horn.  Aquari remained adamant about the body being disintegrated this way.  Deliadre perceived an exaggerated concern that Aquari had about this, considering that he continued to insist that the ego phantasm they all spoke to had been nothing more than a brain's over-active imagination.  Perhaps it remained beyond Deliadre to accept that who she was, her own ego itself, was nothing more than an illusion from an overactive imagination.  
All intelligent sentient life forms seem to have this problem.
Goag Ralus spent these last few moments with Nieniel before Its old friend left to visit the faraway planet called Tze-Doldus-2.  The star-door had been up and running these days, although it still had not attempted to connect to any other star-door anywhere.  The Eigalli were currently being cautious and holding open debates with concern since the sabotage attempt.  The star-doors were associated with unexpected nova events in ancient times from their stars, and a Haflaxo nova would exterminate the Eigalli civilization.  Begalius defended its star-door as having the capability for actually preserving the Eigalli civilization in such an event.  Goag Ralus had been able to quiet that debate down by pointing out that Haflaxo powered Goag Ralus and that the star-door was not powered by the star, but by Goag Ralus, no star would be directly affected.  On the other hand, the star-door had been utilized by the Eigalli to introduce new alien plants, foods, and animals into the environment from star-door terraforming programs along with its stored DNA databanks.  
This provided new and exciting foods that were becoming a selling point to skeptical Eigalli, apparently at least as easily influenced through the stomach as lesser-evolved Earthlings.
Nieniel/Aquari discussed the Tze-Doldus-2 mission with Goag Ralus on the way to Nieniel's subsequent death.  "The Tze-Doldus-2 aliens speak a language that is chirped and whistled really fast.  They speak much faster than I'm able to duplicate with this body's vocal cords.  As far as how the language existed 135 teks ago, I've become very fluent in how it was written and spoken.  There is no telling how this language will have evolved when I get there or if any part of it still exists at all.  Letters are line and beat marks written on a system with stanza lines that show how to whistle and in what note and pitch.”  Nieniel/Aquari started to whistle a strange-sounding chirping noise like a bird.  "I can't exactly do it justice with Nieniel's voice."
Deliadre stood at the disintegration device, waiting for Goag and Nieniel so she could say goodbye.  She became misty-eyed and emotional again like she had recently become to say goodbye to the apparition.  The Goag Ralus avatar had one more embrace with Its old friend once they arrived.
Deliadre also insisted on an embrace before Aquari let the body he inhabited go.  No doubt, this would also be a final embrace for her mother, whom she had realized that she still loved very dearly.  Nieniel/Aquari then turned to Goag Ralus and assured It that the galaxy had been getting smaller all the time.  Then Nieniel collapsed in a brilliant light flash.  The body for Nieniel fell to the floor lifeless with no more circle-of-light shows to broadcast from her blunt telepathic horn.  
The broadcast had changed to the actual form Aquari took to light up the room.  They all repeated goodbye, and Aquari hung around a bit longer until witnessing the body to Nieniel finally dissolving under the rays from the disintegration beam.  There would be nothing left to bury as she dissolved in a burst from quantum energy that dismantled her molecular structure and shook off weakly interactive sub-atomic particles that evidently were intensely interactive with disembodied life forms.
Then Aquari flew away from Goag Ralus and the galactic core.  He chatted with Goag Ralus on radio frequencies on his way out from the galactic center, only to be interrupted by other Eigalli fans that were wishing him luck with radios and telepathy from the ground.  At unimaginable speeds, the fastest object in the known universe departed the only known oasis for life in the rapidly churning and crowded core in the galaxy.  
Aquari sped away toward the slower moving Norma arm beyond the baby Fybrolus arm to the galaxy.  Aquari has over 42,000 light-years to travel before the white dwarf star Tze-Doldus would even be visible.  The journey would take over sixty Earth years at Aquari's incredible natural speed, about 707.2 times light's speed.
 
Nearly sixty Earth years later, the star Tze-Doldus still smoldered in the skies over its habitable planet Tze-Doldus-2.  Deep in the white dwarf star's fusion-powered core, suddenly, an unexplainable appearance with massive amounts from neutrinos appears within the blazing plasmas near its core.  The neutrinos, which could not remain in that place that they had suddenly appeared in, suddenly slingshot away from where they magically materialized to shoot out from the star's reddish surface in the direction towards the planet Tze-Doldus-2.  The consequence becomes a massive solar flare that tore away from the surface for Tze-Doldus to speed off into space toward the unsuspecting planet.  As the solar flare once again set fire to upper-atmosphere vegetation, the lights from civilization across the single continent on Tze-Doldus-2 also suddenly all went dark in another unexplainable power outage.  It took a few minutes before the lights in the planet's cities flickered back again to life, and the air would smell like smoke again for several days as they witnessed fires blazing in the skies above them.  Some Uranians below who saw this were in fear that the end to the world was at hand.

Chapter 6:  Eromot and Morgamor

Ploabot visited his friend Hanson soon after his failed audience with the King.  He didn't need to tell Hanson the news but felt he owed his friend an apology for the failure.  "…and the audience I represented
suddenly toward me only resented.
I was scolded off of my position.
It was the audience's decision.
So here I am after I realize
to you, Hanson, I must apologize."
Hanson embraced his friend.  
"Don't be too hard on yourself, my friend.
Faith in King's persuasion, I don't pretend.
Hostility in that audience sound
says I should join the others underground."
Veldada, listening to the two friends, entered from the other room and interrupted their conversation.  "I learned after from that scene you came back
anti-Ministry minions, they did pack
into the audience, so they did stack
the opinions from which you came back
defeated by words that to you did smack."
That statement was news to Ploabot and Hanson.  
Hanson inquired, "From where is the knowledge of what you say?
Exclusive public hearings in this day?"
Veldada explained.  "Hanson, ever since this happened to you.
I've talked to those kids who smoke troopaloo
when they get together after their schools
to share what they know, calling us all fools.
They all sought to be at that audience
supporting Ploabot with their attendance,
but they were all refused from entering
for those with special passes presenting.
They say the Aungtalli gave out those keys
to Ministry haters, so the King sees
no sympathy for Ploabot amongst these."
Hanging out with troopaloo smokers was news to Hanson.  "You are not smoking troopaloo with them?
A future baby could suffer from chem
effects from smoke, which now your blood has got.
Veldada, please tell me that you are not.
Veldada confessed.  "I tried it when to me they did pass it
while among them, I was trying to fit.
It appeared to me to be quite benign
then what the smokers had known became mine."
Hanson said, "I don't think I like you hanging out there.
You say you did that because you do care.
But smoking could really hurt you to do
with kids that are smoking that troopaloo.”  Hanson could not be said to be a fan of the narcotic plant.  Since his youth, he differentiated himself from the less ambitious kids who seemed to waste away their lives smoking that stuff.
It seemed the visit now turned into an argument about Veldada smoking troopaloo.  Ploabot expressed gratitude to Veldada for the information and that he would look into the allegation.  Stacking a public audience by issuing exclusive passes would be a criminal offense, and Ploabot took that seriously.  At any rate, he took comfort in Veldada's revelation because he did believe it could be true.  It was, in fact, the truth that the Aungtalli Bishop did have the audience stacked to chirp Ploabot into silence.  Unfortunately, Ploabot also believed he could do nothing about efforts organized by the Aungtalli to keep the Ministry of Science closed with its members scattered abroad to be plagued by terminally unfortunate circumstances.  Ploabot departed from the House of Hanson concerned for his stubborn friend who once headed the Ministry of Science and now evidently went on to be defiant to the bitter end with ensuing misfortune.
Youth on Urania liked to get high by smoking troopaloo, a hallucinogenic substance very much like marijuana smoked by many on Earth.  The plants were remarkably similar, and this was no coincidence.  Variations on cannabis Sativa/indicia plants have been cultivated in various places throughout the galaxy over the ages.  
Life forms like the ancient Nephapricans have engineered galactic plants to encourage the complex nutrients necessary for higher evolution and sentience.  The higher development for life requires a wide variety of nutrition from all food sources.  Very few animals ever have the pallet for such a diet and have adapted to have very exclusive limited sources for food.  Plants very similar to oranges and bananas could also be found on Urania.  
Apples are a galactic fruit, but nothing like that existed in Urania's more tropical climate.  Cannabis sativa plants, high in cannabinoids, contributed to this higher evolution by encouraging new, more complicated neural networks to form.  Over time and generations, this could develop to expand a cerebral cortex, resulting in much larger skulls.  As the cannabinoids accumulated, they blocked synaptic exchanges that might otherwise fire directly in a straightforward impulsive manner.  That complicated an animal's otherwise redundant patterns of behavior.  Cannabinoids forced a detour in synaptic interactions, which caused the thought process to digress and evolve more complex neural networks for a species.  
Ancestors to Uranians probably ate the troopaloo leaves over many ages at the beginning of life's evolution as the planet began recovering from its destruction by the Tze nova event.
Back at the House of Hanson, the heated conversation continued and evolved beyond the troopaloo debate.  Veldada had learned a lot while hanging out with the rowdy kid crowd that hung together after Uranian schools let out, smoked troopaloo, and complained about the establishment.  Veldada became concerned about what might happen to her husband and knew as well as anybody that he might be the next ex-Ministry scientist to end up dead by an 'unfortunate accident.' The argument heated after Hanson suggested that if anything happened to him, she should move on, and he indicated that Ploabot would always be at least a good friend.  Veldada wasn't ready to hear anything about that.  The fact had been that Veldada wasn't married to Hanson.  They had agreed to live together for years now, but on Urania the idea regarding marriage binding two people together could only formalize by giving birth to a child.  When a female Uranian had a child, she automatically became married to the father with legal obligations to be worked out.  Although it had not happened yet, and they were frequently trying, Veldada very much wanted to have Hanson's child.
Veldada gave much credibility to the criticisms from anti-establishment kids, and like Hanson, had very little love for the Aungtalli class.  Veldada already had a low opinion regarding Aungtalli because she believed that they encouraged young women to give up their fertilized eggs so they could destroy them.  She learned from those kids that the miscarriage rate had been grossly played down at 19.5% but was over 70%.  She believed the Aungtalli wanted to overcome the population of regular Uranians by control over egg nurseries all around the planet.
Hanson didn't discourage Veldada's opinions.  They both had reasons to oppose Aungtalli meddling in regular Uranian affairs, and she preached to the choir about the miscarriage ratio.  He already knew the rate to be above 70% from more reliable sources, but he didn't think telling Veldada about that would be a good idea.  
She had become a crusader like him, which could be a big reason he first fell in love with her.  Neither had the will to try to pull the other away from their cause.  Uranians had a very noble heroic activist streak by nature.  Devasura's influence has attempted to curb this characteristic by simplifying the language and vocabulary, but Uranians just seem to become more eloquent in expressing high ideals as a result.
Hanson told her, "Miscarriage rates do seem notorious
but we can't change that, and it's not for us.
Change what you can change, which is in your womb.
The child we will have could just be their doom."
Veldada found herself enticed by the direction she saw the conversation go.  "With you, I could have a child on this day.
Neweet was in eclipse, as they all say.
My egg is now ready for you with to play.
You could now have me your favorite way."
Hanson responded to her hint with an embrace leading immediately to pecking on the shoulder, then around her neck till he positioned himself behind her.  Nibbling lightly and biting the back is an intimate show for Uranians, and it usually leads to a doggy-style sexual position popular with Uranian species.  Hanson's pecking quickly led to the bedroom.  Uranians had no kissing, which may be more challenging with beak-like buck-toothed teeth barely covered by thin lips.  Light pecking is a show of intimacy that Uranian women found very stimulating.  Hard pecking would seldom happen except for some kinky exceptions.
Incidentally, in the comment above, Neweet had been the Uranian name for the gas-giant planet Tze-Doldus-1.  In this miniature white dwarf star system Neweet hung in the sky, a bit bigger than Earth's moon.  Menstrual cycles on Uranian women had become synchronized to an aspect with the orbits for Neweet and Urania, which brought Neweet into a three-day astronomical eclipse with the sun from Urania's vantage point.  This event only slightly dimmed the days since the star Tze-Doldus had been much more prominent than Neweet in the sky, but a black circle slowly traversed the belly on the sun for three days.  During this 3-day eclipse, Uranian women with eggs became very fertile and were ready for males to fertilize them to be laid by the mother who cared for them till they hatched.  Mothers could have their babies or drop these fertilized eggs off at available nurseries where they would be cared for and raised as wards to the state with no questions asked.  Surrendering an egg to a nursery could also be used to stop a marriage contract if the woman didn't want to marry someone who impregnated her.  The 3-day eclipse period of extra fertility signaled by the Neweet eclipse happened every 23 Uranian days.
The House of Hanson became bathed in the solemn silence from sexual intimacy for a time.  Afterward, they both lay together in bed.  Hanson still embraced Veldada from behind while breathing deeply with eyes closed as if asleep.  Veldada clung to Hanson's arm with her eyes open, watching the day dim through the window.  The lovemaking felt good, and she felt like this fertilization would take.  She loved Hanson and didn't want to lose him, but she wouldn't try to stop him from fighting for what he believed.  She fantasized about having a child who would accomplish that for her.  A child would change everything, and they could run off to a faraway land and live.  Just live.  Veldada felt constantly frustrated by male Uranian-kind with their constant obsessions over pointless ambitions.  She wondered why they all couldn't just relax and accept the world and reality as just fine the way it was and already ideal.
 
The House of Hanson remained silent as the night began to blanket the city.  Then Hanson and Veldada were both startled from slumber’s onset by a knock on the door.  The visitor turned out to be Eromot, who associates told to come to the House of Hanson when he finally got ready to go underground.  Many defunct scientists had set up a lab in the distant city called Gulfang.  They were back-engineering the most impressive artifacts that they recently uncovered from the ancient ruins in the Southern Desert.  Eromot had become anxious to join them but remained behind to find Morgamor, his run amok crazy research subject.  Now he had found Morgamor and planned on having him released from the mental facility to his custody.  Hanson had remained behind to be the one to mediate for the underground scientists with government concerns in Keshdesh and to help other scientists who sought refuge from assassins.  He got appointed to be the only one who could tell Eromot where in Gulfang he could find his other underground Ministry scientist friends.  Hanson got up from bed to answer the door.  He let his old friend Eromot into the House of Hanson.
Eromot knew he had arrived late.  "I'm sorry for the too late intrusion.
I wanted darkness for some illusion.
If my apology sounds too hollow,
let me remind you of those who follow."
Hanson said, "No apology is needed, old friend.
Though it appears dark here, it's not day's end.
Please come on in, and please feel free to stay
all night if you want to leave the next day."
Eromot said, "Thank you, Lord Hanson, for entrance to here.
It's to the Gulfang underground I steer.
The location you know I need from you.
I found him.  My research can continue.
Morgamor is still crazy.  Help he needs.
I now can study transmissions he reads."
Hanson felt more than happy to help his friend Eromot.  They discussed Morgamor's condition.  He seemed to be interpreting messages broadcast into his mind, but the transmissions were more complex and in some different language dialect.  
Morgamor liked to speak outside the stanzas and to a haphazard beat, but some of what he said turned out to still be understandable.  Eventually, Eromot thought it to be time to leave, and Hanson whispered the address to the Underground Ministry of Science into Eromot's ear till he memorized it along with some directions.  Hanson would contact them, and they would be waiting at the remembered location.
As Eromot walked away from the House of Hanson to go home and pack for his escape journey the next day, another figure lurked next to the House of Hanson and began to follow Eromot home.  The figure had a large bald skull that identified him as an Aungtalli.  
The shadowy figure temporarily appeared in some passing light to be Volock, the Aungtalli agent for the Bishop.  He had been on Eromot's tail for some time.  He knew Hanson told him where to find the other scientists in hiding.  He knew that Eromot planned on taking custody of Morgamor tomorrow.  Following would lead Volock to the others somewhere outside Keshdesh.  Volock knew all he had to do would be to remain silent on Eromot's tail, and then he would be led to all the scientists on his list featuring those to be killed.
 
* * *
 
Aside from another species who operated virtual particle drive saucers that flew through the sky, most Uranians existed at a tech level similar to Earth circa 1978.  Computer processing was beginning to become practical, and phones were starting to get smaller.  Incidentally, phones were always wireless thanks to the mysterious energy provided by the superior species called the Aungtalli and the receiver technology that had been invented a few hundred Earth years before by Uranian scientists.  
Many apparatuses use wireless energy receiver technology.  Still, there were also electric grids distributing the energy along wire lines from a central Aungtalli energy plant in the Lands of the Swerites to the east from Keshdesh, the capital on the planet.
The economy for Urania might appear to an Earthling as a communist dictatorship where everyone received so much worth based on class, status, and accomplishment.  No form of physical currency existed on Urania.  
All citizens had to produce ID charged to accounts that the government tracked.  People received statements routinely that reported a citizen's correct worth.  The three royal families had long controlled the wealth on the planet.  They jointly owned the entire world due to ancient history with hostilities from which the three families had emerged in a mutual truce long ago that established the current monarchy for kings.  Alternating nominations from the three families succeeded the Kings, adding randomness to the government that bloodlines had otherwise determined.  The full faith and trust from the central government reimbursed the ID receipts for the planet's various businesses and adjusted a business's value accordingly.  
In this way, the royal families controlled all worth and civilization.  At the same time, the Aungtalli entered the picture as controllers over divine technologies, keepers of the truth, distributors for the sacred energy, and overseers to the masses.  The admirable thing about such a system is that it only works if everybody's value can be determined with fairness, leaving nobody neglected or cheated in any way for any reason.
Of course, this economic system could demonstrate imperfection, and value fraud crimes were rampant, with varying degrees of seriousness.  For the most part, citizens were law-abiding and enjoyed a generous worth amount for little or no effort.  Royalty understood the mutual benefits from a thriving middle class for all who worked hard.  A world filled with people enjoying their middle-class lives tended to have little use for revolution and defying the monarchy.  To a large extent, the Aungtalli religion reimbursed loyalty to the monarchy as a necessary virtue, which held Uranian society intact like glue.  Nobody on the planet could be said to be worthless in Urania society.  Most were worthy of a base value unless they had run into some terrible debt, which also happened a lot, punishable by industrial prison time with hard labor until they made up the debt.  There was also excellent counseling and therapy available for those who had trouble controlling their worth.  For those beyond simple budget failures, who used the system fraudulently, there were also those in law enforcement prepared to prosecute those crimes.  The following is one of their stories.
Eistia, the Investigator, had been undercover the following day at a wiffsue house where early morning workers stopped for a hot cup of wiffsue to start the day off.  Eistia got notified about a value fraud case coming in recently to this place using a forged ID from a long since deceased Uranian possessing some established wealth.  The family for the deceased saw this discrepancy in their inheritance worth statements, supplemented by the inherited worth from the dead Uranian's estate.  The fact that they could track value crime to the perpetration level of purchasing a wiffsue cup every morning gave credit to law enforcement efficiency on Urania.  A Uranian entered the wiffsue house and approached Eistia's table.  Grega then sat down, greeting his partner.  "A cup of wiffsue.  I'll now go get mine.
No sign of the culprit who'll get a fine?"
Eistia took that to dig at the petty nature of the crime they were undercover waiting to bust.  "The thing about crimes worth only a fine
is that stopping them is your job and mine.
They're also committed by criminals
or the desperation from when one falls."
Just then, the cashier at the counter signaled to Eistia that the guy they looked for had come in for his wiffsue cup.  
The guy, as he walked in, noticed the signal and suddenly turned around running.  "Maybe it's not so petty as you say
if the culprit, when caught, just runs away."
Both Eistia and Grega got up and began a pursuit for the culprit.  They both paid no attention to Eistia's wiffsue cup that tipped over as they both rocked the table getting up.  Wiffsue flooded the tabletop and began dripping its purple-brown liquid on the floor.  
The plaza became relatively empty outside as the three running bird-like men wearing kilts dashed out into the quiet morning.  Two running figures were Grega and Eistia, about half a block behind the middle-aged suspect that now headed to the road where morning traffic scuttled along.  
Grega started to kick it out ahead from the slightly older, more exhausted Eistia while the culprit knocked into a passerby that caused groceries to spill across the plaza.  Grega just hopped over some groceries with his tail swinging in time to his legs.  He ignored the annoyed passerby, who began loudly picking her groceries back up.  
Grega became determined to end this chase before the culprit reached the traffic up ahead.  Grega, clearly the better runner on the law enforcement team, had been a Uranian track star in his younger school years.  He tackled the value fraud criminal just before the culprit had a chance to weave through the electric car traffic.  Eistia became relieved to use that as an excuse to stop running in time to help the poor woman pick up her spilled groceries.
Eistia and Grega both returned with the criminal they apprehended in forged ID possession way beyond the worth for most ordinary Uranians.  They now had forgery on the guy as something else they would charge him.  That was a bigger crime than just falsely purchasing a cup of wiffsue, not to mention resisting arrest and careless assault on a passerby back there, vowing to stop by and file a report.  The other investigators at the station cheered Eistia and Grega as they brought in their Uranian.  They found no genuine ID on the modestly dressed middle-aged Uranian man except for the apparent forgery.  Grega promised the guy, who remained silent, that they would find out who he was.  
Grega carted him off for fingerprinting and to the jail.  Eistia went to file the forged ID in his case files for further investigation.  Then Eistia noticed the note in his desk drawer that he had found on Nickteslo's dead body, the Ministry scientist who "accidentally” crashed his car off the Keshdesh River Bridge.
Eistia took out the note to take a closer look at it.  He had tossed it in his evidence file after the boss chewed him out for just doing his job.  The case was closed, but the note looked like an intriguing piece of evidence.  Eistia unfolded the papers in the envelope and laid them on his desk.  It revealed a map showing the whole continent on Urania, overlaid with complicated diagrams and schematics.  Some lines circulated all across the map along the southern landmass where the lines then turned around, converging back together on the northern part to the continent near the great Ice Mountain at the North Pole.  The other paper piece consisted of diagrams featuring instructions that showed how to adjust the voltage to an energy release by moving two poles buried 20 klepts in the ground closer together or farther apart.  The instructions were about planting a bar with blue metal and another coaglium stake in the ground at an angle of 45 degrees toward the magnetic North Pole, which would draw energy out from the ground.  Eistia thought about trying this sometime.  Then the boss came over to congratulate him on a good bust that morning.
"Congratulations Investigator
I'm over here to congratulate ya.
That was a good bust, good detective work.
Maybe I won't demote you to a clerk."
Eistia put his hand out to shake the boss's hand, also a gesture their culture had in common with Earth.  The Commander looked over at the papers on the desk.  "Isn't that the case I told you to close?
You don't need to figure where that clue goes."
Hanson responded.  "Sir, I just thought that this was curious.
It's not evidence I take serious.
These were found on the victim from Hanson.
I was having a look at them for fun."
The Commander looked over the letters, which reminded him about something else.  "Hanson!  That reminds me I do not jest.
The government asked us for his arrest.
Since you are so interested in this
the wrath of Aungtalli you seem to miss,
the arrest shall be yours, listen I say.
Hanson in jail by the end of the day."
 
* * *
 
Eromot arrived at the Mental Health facility that morning in his car.  He had become all packed with all his essential belongings to embark on a long journey to Gulfang that day.  He looked forward to joining up with his colleagues there.  Eromot just needed to pick up his research subject to take with him on the way.  His research had been on an unstable fellow named Morgamor, whose head became filled with messages received from some unknown entity somewhere beyond.  Poor Morgamor would slip from lucid to incoherent and back again throughout the conversation.  Eromot discovered that if he introduced a chemical used in receiver technology into Morgamor's bloodstream along with a serotonin adjuster, then it caused him to better focus on what he received in his head.  Morgamor received a complex dialect with the same language encompassing a more extensive note range that Eromot calculated to be 16 stanzas other than the four used in the modern Uranian language.  So notes in this strange language included an additional minor and major scale.
Eromot examined his vehicle as he turned it off.  He noted that the quadleate fluid had become low.  Quadleate had been what Uranians used for coolant in car air-conditioning systems and refrigerators.  
Urania was a tropical planet with high humidity often reaching 120 degrees Fahrenheit that mainly caused nighttime rains.  Among the clever evolutionary adaptations to these high temperatures was the quadleate plant.  The plant manufactured one chemical in the roots and another in leaves.  The chemicals mingled at the plant stem, generating freezing temperatures that caused ice to surround it.  That natural cooling system provided the plant with an inexhaustible supply of water to the roots.  Uranians worked massive farms of quadleate, which they refined into fluids used for air conditioning.  Many natural wonders like this on Urania were as typical as evolution on a miniature terraformed planet kept alive by an ancient Nephaprican star-door.  The coldest Urania could be was around 20 degrees Fahrenheit average at the sometimes icy north and south poles.  Most areas on Urania had been lush with life, except a desert in the south where the soil became spoiled to this day and would not grow much anything.  That had been where the Ministry of Science archaeologists dug up remains from a highly advanced civilization that preceded all recorded history.  Eromot recalled that had been when all the trouble started.
As Eromot left his vehicle on the way to the Health Facility building, he passed some kids smoking troopaloo.  It wasn't an illegal practice, but Eromot disagreed with it, as he figured the kids were just throwing their lives away.  One kid seemed to recognize him.  "You're Eromot of Science Ministry,
your picture was displayed where we did see."
Eromot didn't want this conversation.  "Those associations are history.
I've nothing to do with the Ministry."
While Eromot responded, the kid withdrew his beak-like teeth to wrap his lips around a troopaloo pipe.  He believed Eromot and quickly blew out his smoke in a huff at Eromot before disapproving.  "Not everyone does give up on science.
Some of us see our culture's reliance.
I got to disagree with what you say.
We'll avenge the Ministry while you play."
Eromot turned away from the disagreeable smoke in his face and just kept walking away, not wanting to argue.  He had been told off and morally scolded by a troopaloo smoking kid.  
His shame had only been comforted by the fact that he only lied to keep his loyalty to the resistance a secret.  The kids these days seemed so well-informed and determined to champion the future.  If only grown-ups could treat tomorrow with similar seriousness.  He didn't recall being so well informed when he had been a young kid or even wanting to be so informed.
Inside the facility, a worker escorted Eromot to Morgamor's room.  The paperwork was all in order, with Eromot designated as the official doctor in Morgamor's case.  They would release Morgamor to Eromot's custody, and they could be on their way together to Gulfang.  When Eromot entered his room, Morgamor had been adequately dressed and sitting on the bed.  The room looked like a depressingly empty place.  "Hello, Morgamor, now dressed all formal.
You leave with me to get back to normal.
I'm not sure what you think as assumption,
but sorry for your treatment's disruption."
Morgamor looked up at his long-lost doctor.  "Through a wasteland of mind's insanity
was my plight after the calamity.
I was carried away by the voice,
left deluded and naked with no choice.
Since then, your serum has all but worn off,
giving me this headache feeling more rough."
Morgamor lowered his head in his hands and rubbed his skull to advertise his pain dramatically.  Eromot reached into his pocket to produce a syringe.  "I brought the serum for headache easing,
but the side effects are not that pleasing."
Morgamor became desperate for relief.  "Of that, I can deal, with you here by me.
I'll face the madness with lucidity."
Eromot rolled up the sleeve on his patient's arm to administer what proved to be a cure for the headaches.  Still, Eromot felt guilty at the scientific selfishness that kept him from curing his patient with something that produced fewer side effects.  Eromot had, in fact, been studying the side effects.  Morgamor had become a medium for some entity that had been trying to contact the Uranian race.  Eromot thought that perhaps this could be a message being broadcast by some aliens somewhere out there in outer space.  That interested Eromot more than curing his patient's migraine headaches.  As he administered the serum, he thought about getting Morgamor out from the facility quickly before the side effects started to show.  
It was already too late.  Within seconds, Morgamor's eyes glazed, and his mouth started to jibber-jabber.  "Watch!
The worlds of chaos are
exploding.  Hear the sound of a
billion languages filling the air.
This feast gorges my gut more than
I can hold in one little body,
or see with one perception,
or feel completely in one touch,
one little moment of eternity.
I shout!  And now I'm dead."
Eromot remembered his tape recorder too late and only recorded some from what Morgamor just said.  Thinking about the words, he could almost understand most of what he said, but it jumped up and down outside the accepted scale, and he found it disturbingly without rhyme, as well as constantly altering the meter.  Morgamor had become like a newly born child unable to speak the primary language yet.  Eromot started to hurry Morgamor out to the car.  It turned out not to be as hard as he feared.  Nobody turned out to be there to confront him on the way out the door except for an obnoxious kid.  
Eromot figured Aungtalli assassins must not have been paying much attention to him after all.  Morgamor continued to incoherently ramble as Eromot escorted him down the hall and out the door.  "Experience is energy.
Energy is not reality.
Reality is dead.
Light is on fire, and it's alive."
Eromot was getting close to the car.  "Just a little bit further Morgamor
and then I will have you in the car door."
The troopaloo smokers just watched the scene, evidently finding the spectacle downright hallucinogenic.  Morgamor just could not be quiet since the rush from serum reached his veins.  He continued as Eromot pushed him into the only door on the vehicle.
"I love a mind with a mind of its own.
Fill your life with experience
and contemplate in the silence
and in lonely places.
These are the moments, which ring into eternity
to be heard by later lives,
echoes of the heart
live in awareness,
and die alone."
Eromot thought some that he said made sense.  His recording device continued to listen to Morgamor as they drove down the road together.  Morgamor struggled to attain coherence.
"Sacrifice this drug.
Kill it,
and watch it kill you,
and when you're dead,
live again and die again.
There is something in the process
that's trying to tell you something.
Give it your attention, and you'll discover bliss.
Give it a mouth, and it will speak genius."
The white dwarf star with its bright silhouette muted by a veil of misty greenish clouds above the rolling wild vegetation-covered hills displayed the black circle for Neweet, eclipsing the sun near the center to the bright light ring that filled a third of the sky like a giant pupil.  As the drive continued down a highway that cut into that green landscape, Morgamor had a period of coherence.  
"I know science is your own true mission.
I'll give you good data as I listen.
In silence, I'm able to understand
and give you the real message as you planned.
I say this with seriousness, not play.
This message is from Beataphoriah.
He was the one who created our world,
our very species as all this unfurled.
He was keeper of the door of the gods.
The gods saw what he did not with applause.
Beataphoriah was sent to prison.
Keep us ignorant was the decision.
The keeper of the door was called evil,
but the gods planned to bring great upheaval.
The solution is what I have to say.
Free Beataphoriah, please find a way.
Beneath the mountain, at the northern pole
we can free him from his virtual hole."
Then the adequately spoken message passed into more incoherent rambling as Morgamor appeared to lose focus.  "Who made who?
I or you?
Do or die?
Truth or lie?"
Eromot could tell poor Morgamor lost it again, but still, that last simple paragraph wasn't grammatically beyond his understanding.  He kept going back to a story about Beataphoriah and devil worship.  More evidence existed beyond just religious dogma in churches that supported the theory that the gods were real.  Perhaps the devil could be real also.
 
In a virtual infinite quanta-nanocode loop Beataphoriah, the old keeper for the star-door complex, continued to broadcast its SOS.  The Devasuras trapped it here as they took control over the star-door and the planet.  Beataphoriah had angered them because in the barren loneliness on a world destroyed by nova, it became a good idea for Beataphoriah to switch on a species' pentanthropomorphic gene switches and cultivate an intelligent sentient species for company's sake.  As it looped over and over in its virtual prison, Beataphoriah had no idea what the Devasuras did with its planet and the intelligent species who provoked Beataphoriah to seek out the Devasuras in the first place.  They were clever animals, but Beataphoriah panicked as they appeared to get out of control with splitting atoms, wars, and technologies they were still unworthy to master.  Beataphoriah already had remained trapped in this prison for several eternities.  Still, at that moment, it perceived something had heard, interpreted, and adequately translated his broadcasted message in the ancient Uranian language.  
Beataphoriah had paid meticulous attention to how many times it had looped and compared that to the approximate life on the white dwarf star to conclude that not many more loops were left.  There was always hope, and now near the point of certain destruction, more hope existed than ever.
 
* * *
 
The Aungtalli Bishop marched into the castle for King Worapor like he owned the place.  The Bishop wore full regalia with long orange and white robes and a pope-like phallic hat.  Behind the Aungtalli Bishop, his subjects carefully moved a large technological device that hovered in the air on virtual particle drive platforms.  The Aungtalli needed the quanta-communications device for this pre-arranged meeting with the King.  On Urania, minimal separation for church and state existed.  This non-existent separation got to the point that the church Bishops brought their gods along to attend political meetings.  The Bishop looked his best with his most solemn face on for the occasion.  The Bishop marched right into the King's chamber without even a knock and fully expected a welcome with gushing respect.  "Your majesty, it is now the time for
our report of progress King Worapor.
It's made you unpopular all around,
but the gods insisted we close it down."
King Worapor had been expecting a rude entrance from the Bishop.  "Very well, Bishop of the mighty god.
I am but the King.  To you, I must nod."
The Bishop said, "Very well King who self-pity resorts
I shall now broadcast what Volock reports."
At that moment, the Bishop held up a rectangular device, and from it came the voice from Volock, the menacing agent for the Aungtalli Bishop.  "Hail my King and Bishop of the planet.
Pursuit goes on.  They have not outrun it.
Two I follow will bring me to the door
to all of the other's pursuit is for.
I follow Eromot and Morgamor.
I will kill them once they help me find more."
After the Bishop and Volock exchanged details, the next order of business had to do with Hanson, the ex-Ministry of Science-head.  The King became all too aware that they brought him there only to listen and nod.  The Bishop insisted that they kill him next, but the King decided that to be a perfect moment to exert his authority, and he voiced his reluctance to allow it.  The King ended up agreeing after the Bishop presented evidence that Hanson had figured out the secret to their old energy racket.  The King reluctantly agreed to Hanson's murder, which became much more manageable when understood as just good business.  He had only been there to condone all this for political reasons anyway.  The King feared what the quanta-communication device had been brought there for and hoped it to be just there to keep the god fear in him.  It didn't look like that would be the case.  The Bishop walked over to the device and said, "I was required to have the gods come on,
this sacred device with which I summon."
A hum began as the Bishop started the device, which then glowed with magic energy.  Suddenly a glowing life-size Devasura appeared in the room, a good five times taller than the King.  His proportions stood huge, human-shaped, and orange with bright eyes and cloud-like clothing that looked similar to his white vapor-like hair that covered the face with a beard and mustache.  He looked like an orange image for Zeus with white cloud-like robes and hair.  He looked a lot like the Devasura that appeared before Beagud, but it wasn't the same individual.  This Devasura wasn't even from the same giant phosphorescent planet as the one Beagud saw.  Still, he broadcasted from an identical world that hovered about 100 light-years above the galactic ecliptic near Urania.  The Bishop became prostrate on the floor before his god, and the King obediently got up to do the same thing right next to the Bishop.  The Bishop had removed all other subjects from the room after placing the quanta communication device in the corner.
Just the King, a Bishop, and a giant god stood in the room.  They had made the room with an extra high ceiling to accommodate the terrifying size for the Devasuras when they appeared here as they often did.  King Worapor stood barely 3 feet tall at the foot of the 15-foot tall giant individual.  
The Devasura spoke to the Bishop requesting a report.  The Bishop began relaying the previous information about Eromot, Morgamor, and Hanson.  The Devasura spoke fluent Uranian but had to whistle and chirp it a lot slower than a regular Uranian would express it.  That had an ominous effect on his voice.  The Devasuras had implemented the Uranian language in its current form when they intervened in the affairs on this planet and established the Aungtalli species to be keepers of the planet's star-door secrets.  
Because they spoke the language in rigid stanzas and meter lines, it appealed to the Uranian's love for singing.  The Uranian mind had evolved meanings to rhyme and meter along with the thought process.  Those subtleties enhanced the expressive quality of the language, encouraging their evolution; however, it had also been a subtle mind-control device from the Devasuras because it determined where on a line or stanza to put a word and nobody wanted to sing out of key or in a dissonant way.  Some kids pushed this rigid envelope for language in very discordant ways, mostly to annoy their parents, which created very successful recording artists who sang badly to admiring auditoriums of rebellious kids.  
The Devasura became sympathetic to the King's reluctance to kill Hanson and said, "Hanson need not die for secrets knowing.
He can join Aungtalli and keep growing.
What Morgamor hears is more a concern.
What he has to say science must not learn.
Don't follow only.  They may getaway.
Those in that vehicle must die today.
Much can be lost from the words that he'll say,
terms of the devil Beataphoriah."
At that point, the god had spoken, and the quanta-communication device just turned itself off.  King Worapor became relieved and gave his royal approval to all that they had agreed.  He just wanted the meeting to be over.  He had no delusions about the Aungtalli and their Bishop.  They both barely tolerated each other, but the King did what the Aungtalli wanted because he genuinely believed in and feared their great and terrible gods.  
After the Devasura disappeared, the Bishop contacted Volock instructing him to kill Eromot and Morgamor before going to Gulfang.  Volock gave a compelling protest but then became forced to do as ordered by the gods.
 
About a hundred light-years above, Urania orbited another giant planet made from a single star from the 15 ancient legendary luminaries that first powered the Nephaprican star-doors.  Below on the surface to this world, a Devasura who just spoke to King Worapor and the Aungtalli Bishop had now switched off his quanta-communication device.  The more he dealt with those stupid bird people, the more he looked forward to their inevitable extinction.  This Devasura went by the name Chronolus, and he had been the same one who imprisoned Beataphoriah about 50,000 Earth years in the past.  At first, the Devasuras kept the Uranians from killing themselves and maintained a remarkable civilization, held in a state of ignorance about the star door’s immense power on their planet.  Chronolus had become disappointed that it worked so well because he had expected Uranians to run their course by now as a minor evolutionary curiosity in the cosmos where such novelties often came and went.  Now the ancient star Tze-Doldus would soon expel its shell in a nova as the spent fuel core finally collapsed.  The process was significantly harder with white dward stars.  The Uranian's existence became a complication that taunted Chronolus with a moral question.  He planned to use the star-door to teleport the whole planet Urania into an orbit around a Devaplanet moon.  The Devaplanet, which Chronolus lived upon, was so large that some moons had moons.  Relocating Urania would be similar to the wormhole stunt used by the Eigalli and Goag Ralus when they acquired the Dol star-door by teleporting it to the core in the galaxy from the red giant star named Dol.  The problem would be that all life on Urania would perish where his Devaplanet currently resides, considering that the nearest star with a habitable zone to be fifty light-years away at the moment.  Chronolus figured there may still be time to exterminate the planet with neutrino-induced solar flare radiation, which was also speeding along the Tze-Doldus nova event.  After Chronolus imprisoned Beataphoriah, he programmed the star-door to use the energy from the Tze-Doldus death to power the teleportation wormhole event.  It became tricky because it had been a one-way wormhole that must use the entrance gate also for the exit gate.  
A single entrance wormhole became the latest evolution in star-door physics and technology that allowed a wormhole generator to move through the wormhole it generated.  Due to this, Chronolus kept the Devaplanet positioned 100 light-years above Urania to receive that planet, along with its orbit, which he would place around one of the Devaplanet's moons.
As Chronolus contemplated what to do, a strange light formed in the room that coagulated into an apparition similar to the ego-phantasm from Nieniel, only this phantom became an ancient Nephaprican, human-like with long dark hair and a well-groomed beard.  The ghost had been an ego-phantasm from the great grandfather for Chronolus, whose name had been Saturlus.  Saturlus had been among the last Nephapricans that still existed during their conscious evolution into becoming Devasuras over 4 billion Earth years ago.  
The 10,000 (or so) Earth-year life span of the Nephaprican physiology became transmuted into life forms capable of living for more than a couple billion Earth years, several times longer than the longest Incaprican life span.  Saturlus, like many from the first Devasuras generation, grew weary regarding life and died after living for barely more than a billion Earth years.  The body for Saturlus had been among the best preserved to this day.  
The Devasuras keep ancient ego-phantasms from ancestors by entombing their corpses with technology developed from old Doldorian philosophies on science.  Only a few ego-phantasms like Saturlus, who lived in ancient Nephapricus, remained in this day and age since decay from over four billion years eventually dismissed an ego-phantasm along with the phantom matter that projected them upon reality.  The phantom matter dispelled while the body finally decomposed into nothing.  From the few remaining ancient ego-phantasms, Saturlus had been almost the oldest still dwelling amongst the Devasuras.  His grandson Chronolus had summoned him at this time to provide counseling with his ancient wisdom.
Chronolus looked up at the (spirit?) of his grandfather.  "Thank you, grandfather, for coming at my evoking.  I just got done communicating with the Uranians.  Beataphoriah the star-door quanta-optic-nanocode entity gets better and better in his attempts to communicate psionically with those outside.  Those clever scientists who dug up some overlooked ancient ruins are researching the phenomenon.  Can't I replace it with another quanta-optic-nanocode being?"
"The short answer is no because Beataphoriah isn't just a quanta-optic-nanocode being.  Beataphoriah is the star-door itself.  You must learn to get along with Beataphoriah to get it to cooperate.  I'm not sure your punishment is working to that end."
Chronolus did not like having to negotiate with technology.  "Primitive Nephaprican technology is obstinate and uncooperative."
"You fail to understand, Beataphoriah is more than just some technology you can turn on and off.  The star-door quanta-optic-nanocode intelligences were the initial creations in what eventually became the technologies for actual life."
"I understand.  Beataphoriah will soon serve me, and I have kept my word to it that I would spare the bird species he anthropomorphized till they naturally became extinct at the death of their star.  That day fast arrives while Uranians are being made sterile by a few more well-focused solar flares."
Even after death, Saturlus still felt compelled to correct young people.  "Don't think Beataphoriah would be simple-minded enough not to figure out that you murdered the life it created."
"I blessed the Uranian species with a stable civilization that compares more to a galactic civilization in duration than the primitive terrestrial one of which it is.  That action more than keeps my side of the ancient bargain.  I'm providing a compassionate way for them to die off before the star blows up."
"Your ambition to own the remaining star-doors may indeed succeed.”  Saturlus perceived a need for caution.  "If anyone is going to cause Beataphoriah to be released prematurely, it will be the arrival of Aquari."
Chronolus had to think for a moment to recall the name.  "The strange cosmic energy entity?  My brethren on the Devaplanet overseeing Goag Ralus mentioned that the Eigalli were sending it to Tze-Doldus.  Still, I expect the star to have exploded before it finally arrives from that journey from the core across the galaxy."
"You underestimate the fastest object ever known, who speeds through the galaxy toward your star-door planet at over seven hundred times the speed for light.  Aquari should be arriving there soon."
Chronolus realized the folly from his underestimation.  "What is this entity?  You knew this Aquari when you were alive?"
"Yes, Aquari has probably always been.  He was there when the Golimechoids took over the Poa gate at the end of the second galactic age.  He's a personal friend of Beataphoriah."
"So this Aquari character is an ally to the Golimechoids?"
"Aquari is an ally to all terrestrial life and will surely find virtue in the bird people who you find intolerable.  Aquari was probably there when the Eagolim first created those Golimechoids.  I always suspected they were Aquari's idea, created by the Eagolim through Aquari's influence.  The Eagolim were always saving the bodies from their architects for Aquari to inhabit, but Aquari would always choose a more random body when he explored the Eagolim that way."
"So I will not find an ally in this Aquari?”  Chronolus felt his ambition slipping from his grasp.  "He helped the Golimechoids acquire the Poa star-door, and now they may soon link the Poa star-door to the Dol star-door on Goag Ralus.  
It appears that Aquari has been helping Goag Ralus get to these genetically compatible Golimechoids all along."
"It becomes hard to say what guides Aquari's path, but that was where Nephapricans disagreed with the cosmic entity.  The life forms we began to create got out of our control.  What Nephapricans sought to repent of, Aquari embraced as just another evolutionary expression for the natural order in the cosmos.  We wanted to keep those Golimechoids away from Goag Ralus to avoid the possibility that they could join chromosomes with it and produce another Goag Ralus organism in the galaxy.  Aquari is probably encouraging that."
Chronolus had just spoken with his kind on a Devaplanet near the Poa star-door.  "We Devasuras have kept the Golimechoid civilization around the Poa star-door an insignificantly tiny society by supporting what remained of the Grulmagof Galactic Empire near there.  Post-Nephaprican Nephapricans, who Golimechoids destroyed at the end of the second Magphoreus age, have kept Golimechoid expansion in check with continued hostilities.  We poised the Grulmagof to attack the Poa star-door itself and take it back from them with our assistance.  That should prevent the plans made by Goag Ralus and Aquari from succeeding."
Saturlus became pleased with the Devasura plan.  "That is the better destiny for the star-door.  Goag Ralus must never join with the early Golimechoid creations.  The Golimechoid from the Poa star-door must be pushed back to the Norma arm, if not destroyed utterly.  They are a run amok technology left behind by us reckless Nephapricans."
"We Devasuras are already preparing galactic civilizations with life forms all along the Orion arm bred for aggression and hostility.  Once they attain galactic status, they surely will confront any Golimechoid civilization that dares to expand into the Orion arm for Magphoreus.  We destroyed the old planet Ti to create a habitat for such a species which, I hear, is so promising that Anlil on that Devaplanet says they might even be inclined to hunt down the Golimechoid to extinction.” the Devasura named Anlil, who Chronolus referred to, actually had been the name to the Devasura who frightened Beagud away.  The conversation continued as Chronolus walked Saturlus back to his tomb.  
Chronolus wasn't sure what to do about Aquari.  Massive injections of neutrinos on numerous occasions have still failed to trip that white dwarf star into exploding.  He suddenly became in a bigger hurry to get Tze-Doldus to explode before this Aquari arrived and defeated his plans with its influence.  
Aquari's influence had been notorious for becoming cosmic destiny beyond any mortal's control.  The Uranians had already existed peacefully, for the most part, longer than most terrestrial cultures ever do.  Chronolus expected the primitive logic circuits to that nanocode intelligence, Beataphoriah, to be grateful for what Chronolus has done.  
Chronolus speculated that once fusion generators on his planet finally begin to power that star-door above orbiting one among his planet's moons, he will have forced Beataphoriah to become his star-door servant.
 
* * *
 
The Eagolim, on their legendary journey to the core, first created the Golimechoid, who took over the Poa gate to Magphoreus.  The Poa Golimechoids were among the first experimental models that merged robotics with the rules for organic life, probably discarded on some planet on the way to being replaced with newer Golimechoid creations.  The early Golimechoids were inferior and produced toxic waste that didn't make them easy to cohabit with, but they didn't need very exotic habitats to exist.  Because they were evolving from the first creations, they had a simple chromosome arrangement of basic codes.  The problem would be that they used the same formula to create Goag Ralus much later on.  They intended Goag Ralus to be a single individual with no means for reproduction.  
Like Goag Ralus, Golimechoids had virtual electric DNA programmed by joining strands from quanta-programmed virtual digital chromosomes made up with quanta-nanocode.  When Nephapricans learned about this from great great great (several more great's) grandchildren of Eagolim who returned from Goag Ralus, they realized Goag Ralus could theoretically take advantage with this particular early species of Golimechoid to reproduce itself.  
Ever since then, they feared Goag Ralus could provide a way for introducing its chromosome arrangement to fertilize a Golimechoid egg.  The child would be born like a regular Golimechoid at first but would grow incredibly fast, requiring massive energy.  The child would soon be too large to stay on a planet and would begin the growth over many million Earth years into a seven-pointed organism just like its Father Goag Ralus.  Reproduction had been what Devasuras tried to keep from happening when they had Incaprican saboteurs introduce quanta-nanocode programs into the Dol star-door on Goag Ralus, which immediately would cause a collapse to any wormhole it makes.  Over more than the 4 billion years of Goag Ralus existence, knowledge about these Golimechoids had reached It, probably from Aquari.
The Golimechoid left so long ago the struggle on a planet in the Norma and since migrated to the Carina arm.  They inadvertently ended up in a galactic war with those that inherited the Nephaprican Poa star-door after the great disappearance, and now Golimechoids controlled that precious technology.  
Meanwhile, Goag Ralus had miraculously acquired the Dol star-door with Its knowledge about wormhole technology, similar to a program that Chronolus had developed in the Tze-Doldus star-door to teleport that whole planet Urania to his Devaworld along with its orbit.  The union between Goag Ralus and Golimechoid, most feared by the Devasuras, had veered close to certainty.  
The Poa star had long since died these days, currently incarnated as a pulsar that rotated every 3 seconds.  It shined its gamma-ray strobe light into the luminous nebulae that surrounded it as what's left to a shell from its previously majestic mass.  Poa-3 still orbited this pulsar with barely an atmosphere, and an utterly lifeless surface covered the planet's landscape.  It would be more accurate to say the surface on Poa-3 is organically dead.  
The sparkling electrical life from civilization still covered the landscape.  The star Poa had become dead, but the star-door planet still existed, and the Golimechoid could exist in almost any environment within an enormous range for temperatures.  Poa died but had now been resurrected with electronic DNA-based plant and animal life that the Golimechoid developed.  The Golimechoids from Poa were highly advanced life forms that dwarfed terrestrial life because they advanced technologies that only they understood, based on physics from their understanding of their electric DNA and the chemical fusion-powered hearts that animated their bodies.  
They saved the Poa-3 gate during Poa's death because so much to their existence became invested in defending it from Grulmagof civilizations that dedicated their existence in believing the star-door to be rightfully theirs.  Golimechoid always defeated the Grulmagof from their ultimate prize, but the cost would be too much from their peripheral territory.  
The highly advanced Golimechoid civilization became more and more isolated to the few light-years in space around the Poa star-door.  Some Golimechoid moved on to colonize further out in the galaxy, but there remained those whose home was this star-door planet, and they clung to their home.
Even as the star Poa grew into a red giant that threatened to swallow the planet Poa-3, Golimechoid civilization continued to thrive around the incredible temperatures.  Eventually, even the Golimechoid had to leave the planet, and they figured out a clever way to save the star-door and its world.  As the Golimechoid departed Poa-3, the gravitational pull from the planet turned into a push by the virtual particle technology in the star-door.  Everything fell off the planet except what got captured into a counterforce generated along the planetary underground electric grid.  The orbit for Poa-3 around the star continued in the same direction, but the rotation immediately reversed, causing massive devastation to the planet.
Golimechoid civilization became so highly advanced because they only had to understand themselves as the final result of ancient Eagolim genetic craftsmanship.  This ingenuity probably played into the apparent fear that the Devasuras had regarding them.  Golimechoid saw fear exhibited in that for all their advanced technological development and evolutionary adaptive ability, Golimechoid still could not extend life spans much beyond a hundred Earth years, evidently because their creators intended that electric DNA design.  The Eagolim who sought out all this god-like knowledge created many incredible things, and ultimately, they even returned to help the Nephapricans create Devasuras out of themselves.  Perhaps Devasuras feared the Golimechoid because they were so much alike.  They were both results from similar technologies that made Devasura and Golimechoid a blend of species as natural as artificial.
This species of Poa Golimechoid had been born with a fusion-powered heart that converted energy into mass.  They were solar-powered initially but had long since been born with an appendage to plug into an artificial energy source.  These Golimechoid ate energy and converted it into matter needed to sustain them.  They had silvery scales and looked like anthropomorphized snakes.  They had a snake-like body that stood upright.  Two prominent octopus appendages served as arms, with smaller appendages that came out at the ends as fingers.  Along the body were orifices that could evolve appendages for various purposes.  They had a single eye that surrounded the head to give them panoramic vision all around them.
The Golimechoid left Poa-3 as the star Poa filled the daytime sky and evaporated away all the water, turning the darkest part in the night into an ambient twilight with dusk followed by brief dawn that heralded a day that boiled metal.  
The planet ended up plowing into the flaming plasma from the expanding star with a star-door generated gravitational push rather than a pull.  The result was, at first, a massive burning ring around the star like the plasma streams observed in binary star systems.  The result had been that the anti-gravity field protected the planet and accelerated the death of the star Poa.  It took only a couple hundred years for barely a super red giant star to throw off its outer mass in a brilliant nova explosion.  After that event, a pulsar got made out from the collapsed and spent core with a single planet in orbit, conveniently pushing away most objects and energy that threatened its destruction.  The reverse gravity virtual particle field that protected the world had been so effective that the nova explosion almost didn't even budge the globe.  However, its orbit now became much farther away from its original trajectory.  Eventually, the Golimechoid returned to fix the gravitational pull to the planet and live out a quiet peace in this uninhabitable sector in space.  However, the day eventually arrived when others came there in Grulmagof form as treasure hunters raised on legends about the star-door.  They were there to seek out the ancient indestructible technology, and since then, the peace had no longer remained quiet.
 
The Golimechoid named Zlooptoo pondered this history as her solar craft approached the Baba space station that orbited high above Poa-3.  She gazed out from the viewport at a nebula funnel that opened into the spectacular starry night for the Carina arm in Magphoreus.  
That was the opening in the nebulae where scouts reported that a new Grulmagof armada amassed with huge pyramid-shaped virtual particle warp-fusion drive ships armed with many hostile capabilities.  Once again, the probability council would be calculating a response.  The Golimechoid often confronted this in their persecuted history, but they had seen nothing like those giant starships before.  Zlooptoo often wondered if obtaining control over this star-door technology had ever been worth it.  The answer was that it would be worth it to those who thought so, and she had been a descendent from that decision.  The Golimechoid always had a solution, and Zlooptoo figured she might find one at the Baba station.
The solar vehicle docked with a technological monstrosity that orbited Poa-3 in deep orbit very far away.  Zlooptoo stood ready when the exit hatch automatically opened to reveal a well-lit hallway with two Golimechoid security guards who had evolved appendages with stun incapacitators.  At least Zlooptoo thought they were only stun incapacitators.  She came here to receive a message from the baby's brain.  
That got communicated to the security guard confronting Zlooptoo.  Poa Golimechoids are born speaking a language on a radio frequency.  They could learn and speak the audible language but would have to evolve an appendage to do that.  Zlooptoo had been permitted admittance to the top-secret space station in deep orbit around Poa-3.
Zlooptoo glided down the corridor gracefully as her snake-like tail curled and spun like a corkscrew.  The Golimechoid did this when they were hurrying.  Otherwise, the snake leg permitted them to scoot along like an inchworm.  Zlooptoo had been allowed within a well-guarded and locked vault where a giant ball of glowing circuitry hovered in the room’s center.  
Zlooptoo greeted the ball in the radio language as if she addressed a fellow Golimechoid.  She asked how Young Brain had been doing.  The ball, evidently called Young Brain, reported in the language that it had been fine, still evolving new depths for the intellect to explore.  They talked like old friends as the conversation developed to the purpose Zlooptoo came there to carry out.  She had to deliver a message to the one who would become Young Brain's Father.  
Young Brain reported that it had prepared a message for Father and eagerly awaited its Father's response to be delivered to it.  An appendage extended from the hovering sphere towards Zlooptoo.  Zlooptoo had a unique receiver appendage that evolved for this purpose since she first had been given the courier's job to the Young Brain project.  It extended from right above her right arm appendage and connected with the Young Brain.  Zlooptoo politely didn't examine any data stored within her.  That wasn't the courier's business.  The Golimechoid and the sphere-shaped brain exchanged polite good-byes, and Zlooptoo promptly returned to her solar vehicle for the long trip back to Poa-3.
The Golimechoid had also learned about this genetic compatibility with the giant organism in the core of the galaxy.  Quanta-communication technology from the star-door had long since put the Golimechoid species on Poa in contact with the great and mighty Goag Ralus.  
Some Golimechoid had come to worship Goag Ralus like a god or at least had put all their faith in Goag Ralus to be a savior who would deliver them from their oppressors.  The Grulmagof always seemed to bounce back to their vicious campaign for eradicating the galaxy of Golimechoid life, as if some higher power assisted them.  Some Golimechoids looked to Goag Ralus to be their higher power who would help them.
The solar vehicle soared into lower orbit with Poa-3 until the lights from a thousand cities began to sparkle on the horizon line.  The craft slowed down and arced into a straight-down descent that zeroed in on a section to the architecture that surrounded the star-door mountain.  
The uncreative Golimechoid named this city Star-Door City.  However, it had been sitting upon the exact spot for the long since extinct ruins from Reva-Tar, the ancient capital for Nephapricus.  Zlooptoo's vehicle docked against a docking hatch on the side of one building in this city.  Zlooptoo arrived at the Poa-3 side of the Young Brain project.  The Golimechoid cultivated a brain made from a program similar to the religion program of the ancient Eagolim.  The old religion program that guided the ancient Eagolim to the galactic core had been the brain for Goag Ralus.  The true nature of this brain had been the final secret revealed to the Eagolim Aaragnon by the Doldorian priests so long ago.  The Eagolim uploaded the long-lost religion program to the evolving Goag Ralus, becoming the base schematic for a central brain and ego construct encompassing a five solar mass self-awareness that reflected Eagolim values.  This information happened to be the nature of the data erased from the Eigalli databanks, which puzzled Deliadre when she reviewed them.  The Eagolim made a brain for Goag Ralus with basically Eagolim values and tendencies, but that couldn't possibly be the values cultivated in this Young Brain the Golimechoids made.
Zlooptoo arrived here on schedule for a meeting with fellow Golimechoids, mostly from places high in government and society, who maintained quanta-communicator contact with Goag Ralus.  They had been cultivating a brain for millennia now, to be uploaded to become a child someday destined to evolve as the child of Goag Ralus.  Goag Ralus had been fashioning a Golimechoid shaped avatar for the occasion with sex organs capable of performing the copulation.  That assumed Goag Ralus met the right Golimechoid woman and all.  Among the Golimechoid followers for Goag Ralus were multitudes of willing women that were anxious to become that mother.
Zlooptoo slithered her way through the corridors while knowing where she was going.  She seemed in a hurry, as if she ran a bit late in her journey from the edge to deep space and back.  She entered a crowded domed room and hurried to the one standing by a quanta-communication device in the middle of the auditorium.  For a split second, the room blinked brightly every 3 seconds from a view portal above where a night sky flashed into daytime and back into the night every 3 seconds due to the planet's pulsar for a sun.  That star no longer powered the Poa star-door.  For that the Golimechoids fed nova debris into massive fusion generators that orbited the pulsar near the star-door planet.  
Everyone in this room looked forward to the day when a Goag Ralus-like life form would also feast on that nova debris.  They imagined that such a life form could easily have a heavily armed Grulmagof war armada for lunch with barely any indigestion.
The Golimechoid that stood near the quanta-communication device extended an appendage toward Zlooptoo, who in turn grew her similar appendage.  
That Golimechoid would translate this information into the Eigalli light and shape language that they have learned from Goag Ralus.  About the time that happened, the quanta-communication device turned itself on.  Above the room appeared a two-dimensional seven-pointed star-shaped outline of light suspended midair turning from side to side for all in the room to behold.  A star of light had been the form Goag Ralus chose for this appearance to the Golimechoid in the room.  It crudely represented the actual shape for Goag Ralus but also appeared like a blatant imitation of how the cosmic entity Aquari appeared.  The room hummed with silence from anticipation as the seven-pointed star greeted the audience in the language with lights and shapes.  Most Golimechoid in the room read this language fluently.  The one who received the Young Brain message from Zlooptoo raised a tentacle from an orifice above the left arm appendage with an object on the end that began also emitting the same Eigalli language with colored light and glowing shapes.  He relayed the message from Young Brain, who had pleaded to meet and know Its Father.  The Young Brain message also begged for help to deliver them from the hostile forces gathering outside the Poa nebulae and was currently poised to attack the star-door planet.  If it had been an audible language, it might have sounded like a whiney child pleading with its father, but that didn't seem to convey as well in lights and shapes.


The Poa Golimechoids speak with Goag Ralus.

Goag Ralus responded with lights and shapes for comfort to a child not yet conceived, not to mention born.  The seven-pointed star informed the room the quanta-nanocode that had been collapsing the wormhole connections to the Poa star-door all this time was finally now isolated.  Goag Ralus told the room that Begalius devised a counter-program to guard the Dol star-door against the Trojan quanta-nanocode virus, obviously created by very advanced beings indeed.  There could be heard a microwave hum from relief at the news.  Even if the Grulmagof brought their ten million-year-old campaigns to eradicate the galaxy from Golimechoids to Poa-3 itself, the Golimechoids would still have somewhere to run.  By the end of the communications, some newer Golimechoid members who didn't speak Eigalli at first had already analyzed it and evolved appendages that spoke it fluently.  Many projected the words for goodbye and farewell when it came time to disconnect the transmission.  Goag Ralus recited a special message to be delivered to Young Brain that the central Golimechoid translated into a notice given to Zlooptoo to return to the orbiting artificial intelligent conception blueprint.  Young Brain had become the Golimechoids' most precious secret and hope.
As the seven-pointed star image disappeared on Poa-3, Goag Ralus turned off Its quanta-communication device.  It appeared in its Eigalli avatar form to broadcast the agreed-upon language for speaking with the quanta-communication connection.  
Goag Ralus used an alternate hologram program to appear as the 7-pointed star.  Someday soon, It would be ready to appear before Its friends as the Golimechoid avatar, but not just yet.  It wasn't sure what Deliadre would think and knew that Incapricans probably disapproved.  The radio broadcast language Golimechoids were born speaking wouldn't reach across a quanta-communication's audio/visual connection.  Goag Ralus had now decided that Its sex would be male.  After a couple of billion Earth years trying on many different male and female avatars from many thousand other species alien, He had finally decided on male, and His head became filled with thoughts about a child.  He didn't even consider ideas about love and sex with whatever Golimechoid female who would become such a mother to produce the catalyst egg with half the child's electric chromosomes.  
Goag Ralus had become a bit obsessed with being the Father to a child these days.  Somewhere in the infinite wisdom of Goag Ralus, it occurred to 'Him' how very female it had been for 'Him' to want to use sex only for acquiring a baby to nurture.  He figured the child would be like Him, wanting to fill with all life due to the enormous emptiness with uninhabited lands and atmospheres that made up His body, which just waited for inhabitants.
Goag Ralus thought about the Grulmagof who threatened His baby and His Golimechoid friends.  As soon as Begalius returned from its repair quest, it could use the star-door connection to swallow them with an external wormhole and bring them all here to the galactic core.  They couldn't damage the fully-grown Goag Ralus once forced to become peaceful inhabitants on Him or perish in the harsh core environment.  Goag Ralus calculated that often the hate and hostility from terrestrial life forms had been senseless, sometimes driven by irrational fear, but sometimes by stubborn bigotry that would not interpret reality any other way.  Goag Ralus desired to bring such life forms to their senses.  It became incomprehensible to Goag Ralus that any would hate Him or Her.  At least at that moment, Goag Ralus decided to be either a He or She, but no longer an It.

* * *

Eistia, the Investigator, arrived in his vehicle at the House of Hanson to arrest him.  The car's door side swung upward to open as Eistia's kilt flipped embarrassingly up as he shuffled out from the vehicle.  He looked over the house as he approached.  The stuff that passed for grass in the yards had been dry and laid flat in a lovely uniform arrangement with velvety leaves.  Eistia noted that it indicated that there hadn't been much rain in Keshdesh lately.  It had been dry lately, but when it does rain a lot, this grass-like plant soaks up the water to transform into an upward-pointing leaf that Uranian's like to use in salads similar to iceberg lettuce.  Eistia admired the silent pod-pollen tree as he approached the door.  Hanson answered the door with an expression that knew it to be time for him to get arrested even before Eistia began explaining the reason for his visit.
Hanson invited Eistia in as if giving up while Eistia told Hanson, "Hanson sir, I am here to arrest you,
For energy, you've been tapping into."
As they entered the main room, Veldada got up quickly to turn off the television device while noticing that the authorities had arrived.  Uranians watched a programming device like a television.  It only had two channels consisting basically of the state channel and an entertaining channel, and Uranians had to fight for their entertaining channel.
Veldada explained.  "We haven't used what we were cut off from.
It's from the ground.  Anyone can have some."
Hanson offered to show Eistia how he kept his lights and television on.  Eistia became intensely interested.  
He followed the input wires in the backyard out to the poles in the ground while Hanson explained his theories on the physics for naturally flowing underground energy currents.  Eistia didn't mention the letter he had already studied in detail on the subject, which Hanson had written, but he put to practical use this theory before him.  Eistia genuinely sympathized with what Hanson had discovered here.  It could dangerously minimize the Aungtalli monopoly on this energy market.  No wonder Ministry scientists were dying, and Eistia struggled with whether arresting him would keep him under legal protections, or was the law just determined to put him to death?
Nevertheless, Eistia had been under orders to bring in Hanson, who put up less resistance than his wife, who, so far, had not been wanted for anything.  While Eistia drove Hanson to jail, Grega's voice came over the radio from headquarters.  "Eistia, this is HQ calling for
Reporting Eromot took Morgamor
into his own personal custody.
Request further orders from you to me."
Hanson took a particular interest in this conversation.  Were they going to round them all up just for being scientists?
"No more orders Grega, from me to you.
Eromot's a doctor.  The case is through.
Hopefully, he can cure the poor guy's head.
Nothing further for that case, I have said.
I think no other order should come down
just as long as they don't try to leave town."
Hanson relaxed in his seat at that point, relieved that his friend Eromot would not be in danger, unlike himself.

Eromot had been driving down the narrow highway to the distant city called Gulfang at least a thousand miles southeast from Keshdesh.  From Keshdesh, the planet's capital, the route followed along steep gullies made by the Keshdesh River just before the road opened up to the flatter farmlands at the southern edge to the Land of the Magites.  
Eromot wasn't sure if Gulfang in the Land of the Swarites where the Aungtalli temple resided would be any safer.  Morgamor in the other seat provided significant data while he divined the mysterious messages transmitting into his brain.
"I can choose any vocabulary I want to judge me.
The smile is in the guile.  
The guile is in the smile.
Hide the glad,
mad!
I have returned to spin the world
in the air
in the air
in the air."


The Planet Urania 7,890 miles in circumference with major cities and some rivers.

Eromot began to slow down for a hitchhiker on the roadside.  Someone waved an arm up and down to signal a desire for a ride.  The vehicle had become pretty packed with all his stuff, and a crazy Uranian also babbled nonsensically in the car.  Eromot decided it would be rude not to help another on this remote, lonely road.  He figured the fellow probably just needed a lift to a nearby farm.
The hitchhiker ran to the pulled-over vehicle.  Eromot had to get out of the car to let the traveler in the back seat.  Soon they got situated and back on their way.  The ride filled the new passenger with gratitude.
“Thank you, sir, for pulling over the car.
The walk to my dad’s farm is very far.”
Eromot made introductions.  “No problem, my friend, we’re going that way.
Let me know, and I’ll stop at where you say.
His name’s Morgamor, and I’m Eromot.
I’m good for conversation, but he’s not.”
Morgamor tried to remain silent, but he had been on a roll.  “I never read it
fed it
dead it
or lead it.
I just know.
Go!”
As the vehicle winded along the steep cliff along the canyon created by the winding Keshdesh River below, a flying saucer caught up and followed the car from above.  It would be the passenger who noticed it.  “Above us from here where I have just sat
who in this car can tell me what is that?”
They all looked and saw the flying saucer following them, but only Morgamor offered an answer.
“If you set the world free,
religion rules oppressive.
If you set religion free,
we’ll all eventually agree
on something and be free.”
There was almost no warning before the saucer swooped down and blasted the vehicle side with a laser beam to set it on fire, and that melted a hole along the side.  The solid rubber-like tires didn’t pop but melted into distorted shapes that shook the car as it swerved over the dangerous edge on the road that overlooked the ravine.
Eromot struggled with the door that had become jammed by the damage done by the laser.  “We are going over under attack!
Leap from the car while the door I uncrack!”

Morgamor uttered the last words to his life.  “Silence isn’t heard
it’s learned
then burned.”
The whole bottom of the vehicle blazed with fire and smoke as it soared off the cliffside to crash against rocks far below.  The flaming car tumbled down toward the river as a blazing ball of wreckage.
Above in the virtual particle-driven saucer, Volock descended to all left of Eromot’s vehicle while scanning it for life signs.  The saucer seemed to sniff at the wreckage for a moment like a hound dog before evidently becoming satisfied at what he saw, and then it flew back to Keshdesh.  Volock above in the saucer became satisfied to identify the remains for two dead bodies in the vehicle below.  They could have led him to the remaining rebel scientists, but killing them now had been his orders from the Bishop who knew best.  The Bishop would be happy to be told that Eromot and Morgamor were both now dead and were now unable to be a danger to the god’s mysterious plans.

Meanwhile, the mysterious plans of the gods rolled on to tip stability already bubbling on the Tze-Doldus star surface.  The gods had been teleporting accumulations of neutrinos into the star to cause storms with solar flares.  Deep under the North Pole Mountain, energy synch machinery gathered an enormous store of solar power that had been building over months and months in Earth time.  The storage for energy gathered to a point where it released a plasma blast up the North Pole that disappeared in a teleportation flash that suddenly jolted the star Tze-Doldus with a neutrinos injection to cause a perfect storm on the white dwarf.  The feedback solar flare that the star threw back at the planet caused another massive blackout in cities across the single continent for Urania.  Priests from the Aungtalli in the blacked-out Aungtalli Temple of Energy power station went about their business since the gods already assured them that these blackouts and atmosphere fires were nothing to cause worry.

Chapter 7:  Svetat and The Multidimensional Ring

Thanks to the attackers Aquari/Nieniel stumbled upon in Sveeden, Svetat located the Incapricans who were conspiring against the Dol star-door not long after Aquari departed Goag Ralus.  At a remote location for Goag Ralus, beneath the star Solkas, Svetat found himself crouching ineffectively behind a rock in the sands that covered this Goag Ralus desert.  A smaller raptor-like reptile holding a deadly laser rifle approached the rock Svetat hid behind.  Another reptile partner followed not far behind the one that pointed the gun towards the rock.  Svetat stood twice the size of his pursuers, which only made the rock less helpful in taking cover behind.  Svetat cursed himself, not wanting to be discovered hunting down Incaprican saboteurs of the Dol star-door that were meeting out in this desert area.  
There is a saying that the skin on Goag Ralus was thin within the cities, which explained why those that plotted against the great Goag Ralus came to remote areas buried beneath ordinary dirt and rock where no one can find quanta programming.  Svetat kept these Incapricans under surveillance, which Aquari's attackers led him to after Svetat had the authorities just let them go.  That led him here, barely protected from a laser rifle about to slice him in half by a rock he didn't quite fit behind.  
As the raptor lizard had been about to turn the corner to the rock and shoot the obvious oversized spy, the attacking lizard suddenly just froze still.  Even his partner not far behind stopped in his tracks while Svetat, holding a ring on his finger, took off running to the rocky cliffs not far away.
It had been at least a couple of minutes before the lizard, with his finger on the laser-rifle trigger about to shoot, suddenly became animated again to leap behind the rock and shoot his glowing red laser beam from the rifle harmlessly into the distant trees.  He suddenly became frozen again, dumbfounded at finding no giant First Born reptile to slice in half.  The raptor's partner also became animated again at the same time to move up next to his partner with the smoking laser rifle.  They both stood baffled by the scene before them.
"There wasss a big firssst-born with a neck of ssspikesss behind thissss rock who jusssst dissssappeared before I ssshot at him.  At leassst I would ssswear that'ssss what I sssssaw."
"I thought I sssaw a sssimilar being.  Thissss plac(ss)e hasss many animalsss that could have tricked our eyessss."
"Perhapssss you're right.  It mussst have ssscurried off under the light of my lassser when I misssed."
During that time while time stood still, Svetat got himself to some better cover near the location where some Second Born Incaprican saboteurs were going to meet.  Svetat was a First Born Incaprican, which meant that he dwarfed most other reptiles in size, age, skill, and wisdom.  Svetat had lived to be over 8,730,000 Earth years old.  
Over that life span, an individual became naturally enhanced by the more evolved self-awareness.  Second Born reptiles grew old and died much faster, having not yet evolved the mastery over the body's sub-conscious functions.  A First Born naturally developed the discipline for developing conscious control over their every cell.  A First Born took control over their existence while lesser life forms failed to take on these duties from the subconscious, which only ran a body while the brain grew up to a point in maturity when it could take over conscious control.
Svetat had journeyed to Goag Ralus about a million Earth years before, bringing with him a fantastic dimensional time-warp altering mechanism within a ring on his finger.  A mysterious anti-matter battery in another dimension powered the ring.  Svetat obtained this strange device from the Sree Seree at the Scuton-Crux arm of Magphoreus during one among many past adventures.  Life forms applied the physics for warp-fusion drives in ways that didn't traverse enormous distances through space faster than light.  Acceleration, by itself, fails to surpass the speed of light because once past that barrier, one begins to go backward in time.  In that state, the positive gluon-charged physical matter can't possibly exist.  Therefore they used physics for dimensional warping to take acceleration past that light speed barrier to continue moving forward in time while surpassing the speed of light limit.  Dimensional distortion may explain why Aquari could go over 700 times light's speed if the theory that he is a higher dimensional being only exploring our universe with two dimensions happens to be true.  Svetat had been rewarded this ring by the Sree Seree.  The band on his finger had been a belt when they constructed an interface so that Svetat could operate the microscopic controls.  The ring could freeze all time around the ring-wearer within a boundary about 3 or 4 meters.  He could also concentrate the energy in a beam to freeze time for individuals further away than 4 meters.  
Svetat came to Goag Ralus 3,617 teks ago (1,125,000 Earth years) with this ring, which the Eigalli helped him back engineer.  That made Svetat wealthy and influential in the Incaprican lands.
Goag Ralus had asked for Svetat's help even before Aquari arrived because the wind of the conspiracy had reached Him soon after acquiring the Dol star-door.  Svetat had been on to these saboteurs since Aquari left and now stood poised to bring authorities down on their secret meeting in this remote desert.  Svetat approached the rocky face to his destination, beholding an unnatural doorway carved into the cliff-face guarded by a single sentry playing with a video gaming device or something like that.  The little Second Born lizard had been oblivious to Svetat, who incapacitated the sentry with other highly disciplined abilities he acquired by a long, illustrious life span adventuring through the galaxy.
Svetat carefully crept within the Incaprican complex carved into the face of an asteroid that had been landed upon the Goag Ralus surface a billion Earth years ago.  The corridor had almost been too narrow and small for Svetat's large body, and it darkened while his highly evolved eyes easily adjusted to the almost pure darkness.  The corridor appeared empty, but he detected the low hum from voices and activity in the far-off distance.  The buzz grew louder as Svetat followed the slowly growing glow from light through the curving tunnel.  It twisted deeper down into the mountain rock, and Svetat had to crouch as his fourteen-and-a-half-foot body barely even fit.  Svetat had heightened awareness, which made him virtually impossible to sneak up on or surprise, so when the corridor finally opened up to a lobby occupied by two guards, he quickly froze the Incapricans in time before they knew what hit them.  
Svetat had a few minutes before the time-warp field that now encompassed the raptor-like guards finally wore off.  He used that time to peer into the main room, which the guards were guarding.
It had been a double door that opened out into the lobby, so Svetat pried both the thick doors open enough to create a crack that he looked through.  Common raptor-like Incaprican reptile species filled the room with reptile species that made up most Incaprican inhabitants in Zveeden.  
They came to Goag Ralus a couple of billion years before and were the first Incaprican species to arrive.  They laid the groundwork for several Incaprican cities, which cultivated a more primitive face than any other city on Goag Ralus.  The Incapricans attained the highly advanced and evolved ability to travel to the core in Magphoreus only to throw off the technology and embrace a culture closer to the Stone Age on Earth.  A group with at least ten gathered in the secret underground room away from Goag Ralus awareness.  The entire room looked aglow with the ambiance from why those Incapricans were here in the first place.  The Incapricans were all facing a giant hologram personage emitted by a quanta-communicator.  The hologram looked like a life form, unlike anything Svetat had ever seen in all his many million years of galactic exploration.
The underground room was much larger than the tunnel Svetat just came through and would easily accommodate someone more Svetat's First Born Incaprican size.  The room did accommodate the hologram of a personage even taller than Svetat.  He looked human-like in appearance, which to Svetat resembled the blue-colored Eagolim that he had seen before.  However, the hologram personage wasn't blue, but a bright orange/brown skin color covered his muscular physique.  Also, unlike the hairless Eagolim, the hologram individual had something resembling long hair flowing from his head like a head with hair, beard, and mustache.  The hair flowed from root to end like a see-through vapor that waved about as if the individual lived underwater.  The hologram's clothing appeared similar to the hair and seemed to flow like a vaporous cloud from the individual himself.  The human-like face looked down with glowing red eyes that showed no pupils.  He said something to the reptile group, who were hanging on his every word.
"The saboteurs did well.  Although they failed to shut the Dol star-door down, the quanta-nanocode virus that they did succeed in introducing to the star-door will stop it from ever connecting to the Poa star-door."
Although Svetat had easily memorized everything seen and said, he also recorded the scene before his eyes with special eye inserts that he had programmed into himself.  This whole event would not be good news for Goag Ralus and Begalius, who had finally convinced the Eigalli that opening the star-door wormhole would be a good thing.  A quanta-nanocode virus did not sound like a good thing either.  Svetat, unlike other Incaprican inhabitants on Goag Ralus, had not been against using the Dol star-door.  Svetat had decided to come to Goag Ralus because he believed all this to be the galactic evolution for the future, and he wanted to take part in it directly.
The group communicated a request to the giant orange personage for further instructions.  Then the being replied, "The quanta-nanocode virus will accomplish what the contingency to shut the star-door down failed to do.  There are no further instructions at this time for you.  What you have already done should take Begalius so long to resolve if it ever does, that by the time the Dol star-door works again, the Poa star-door should be under our control and no longer belong to the Golimechoid."
Svetat sensed the conversation concluded but didn't want to stop recording.  This event was significant.  Still, the guards behind him were beginning to stir back to animated existence within the time stream, so Svetat decided to adjourn this meeting.  
Then Svetat suddenly swung the doors wide open and leaped toward the center of the Incaprican group.  They all were turning around to see what happened, and the giant hologram would immediately notice within the next few quanta-communication seconds.  When Svetat got close enough, he activated his anti-matter-powered dimensional time-warping ring that briefly created a gravitational lensing effect rippling from Svetat in all directions like pond waves from a thrown rock splashing into the fabric of reality.  After that instant, everyone in the room froze still.  Then both sentries ran into the frozen time room only to stop in their tracks, also frozen in time again by a beam from Svetat's ring.  One even froze in mid-air, not touching the ground, but remaining in the air precisely within the instant that Svetat had shot him.  He looked at his ring that displayed a bar reflecting the degree of anti-matter charge still left.  
It had been the most he had used the ring in over a tek, and yet it still had sufficient charge.  He activated a GPS beacon to bring in the authorities that were waiting for Svetat's signal.
Svetat then looked up at the hologram that still observed beyond the effects of his ring.  The quanta-communication device already operated quantum technology beyond relativistic time-space orientation.  The hologram didn't say anything but looked directly at Svetat with eyes that showed fierce anger along with an even brighter red glow.  Svetat, for a moment, wasn't sure the hologram couldn't reach him and was, at that moment, ready for anything.  Then the hologram personage just switched the quanta-communicator off and disappeared along with the hologram's ambiance in the room.  Svetat stood alone, surrounded by about a dozen vicious lizards frozen in time.
Within three minutes, the room filled with Incaprican and Eigalli authorities before Svetat even needed to reshoot his ring.  The evidence would prove them guilty of sabotage and conspiracy against Goag Ralus.  
Goag Ralus showed up there in His Incaprican avatar, the same size as Svetat.  He congratulated Svetat on a good job tracking this meeting down.
"It'sss not all good newsss old friend,”  Svetat told the avatar.  "There isss much evidenc(ss)e to proc(ss)esss here.  The quanta-communicator sssshould have data on the loca(ss)tion of itsss lassst transssssmisssssion.  Thessse culpritssss are ssserving ssssome kind of advan(ss)ced alien I've never ssseen before."
"All will be processed and analyzed, old friend.  Come, let's get out from this dingy place and return to Zveeden.  Perhaps we can smoke some rompass."
That sounded good to Svetat.  "Yesss, I would be honored to sssmoke with the great Goag Ralussss.  However, one other bit of loussy newsss, the sssaboteursss of the Dol ssstar-door sssucceeded in infecting it with a quanta-nanocode virussss.  Begaliusss mussst be made aware of thisss.”

Back at Svetat's home adorned with elaborate tapestries where he lived like an Arabian sheik, both Svetat and Goag Ralus sat on cushions, each with a tube in one hand.  They sucked smoke from the lines connected to Svetat's smoldering hookah to discuss the raid on the saboteurs.  After viewing the information from Svetat's eye inserts, Goag Ralus believed that the personage evolved from the ancient Nephapricans who had disappeared way back at the end of the second age for Magphoreus.  
According to data from the quanta-communicator, this individual broadcasted from high above the galactic ellipse and must have evolved up there where objects are freer from the plains with phantom matter patterns.  As a consequence of that, the personage seemed to alternate in and out from solidity at will.
Svetat listened to the intelligent analysis made by Goag Ralus, but he also watched the rompass smoke that the reptilian avatar had been exhaling.  The smoke told Svetat a different story from Goag Ralus’ thoughts as the puffs of smoke formed into images above the Incaprican avatar's head.  Svetat saw a picture with the Dol star-door wormhole bringing Goag Ralus to His fantasy to have a Golimechoid bride.  Svetat watched the smoke act out an alien love affair while Goag Ralus speculated on Nephaprican evolution, oblivious to the smoke He had been exhaling.  As Svetat watched the rompass smoke, he realized what Goag Ralus had been up to all along.  Svetat watched a rompass smoke movie version featuring a young Goag Ralus-like organism that started as a Golimechoid baby evolving over several million years into another Goag Ralus while acquiring real stars for energy.  That had been the moment Svetat realized that Goag Ralus was after genetically compatible material from the Poa species of Golimechoid to reproduce.
That was the goal Goag Ralus had been up to all along while assisting the Incapricans that lived near the dying red giant star Dol.  Goag Ralus helped those Incapricans with the complicated technological accomplishment of transporting an entire malfunctioning star-door through a wormhole, all the way to the galactic core onto the surface of Goag Ralus Itself.  
Knowledge about this must be what had fired up these young Second Born Incapricans who have dared to betray the very individual where they were born and raised.  Svetat understood why sabotaging the Dol star-door had been essential to the Incapricans.  Svetat realized that Goag Ralus tried to have a baby.  As Svetat realized this, he thought that now he assisted with galactic evolution like he always wanted, but Svetat also wondered at that moment if it was the right thing to do.

Meanwhile, about 100 light-years above Goag Ralus, another Devaplanet mirrored the orbit for Goag Ralus at an even faster speed while angled further away from the galactic hub.  The Devaplanet orbited at an angle away from the galactic pole where Ralus Xnoga occasionally shot deadly gamma ray/x-ray blasts that managed to escape the supermassive black holes voracious appetite for giant core stars.  Here the Devasura that Svetat saw sat next to a quanta-communication device disturbed by the latest complication to their plans.  His name was Innanumesh, and he had been watching Goag Ralus for a couple of billion Earth years while his Devaplanet orbited above the galactic ellipse.  The Devasuras disappeared because they left the galaxy with its phantom matter-influenced rules for existence.  Here they had adapted to material and immaterial realities.
Another entity fluttered through the air toward the distressed Devasura.  What began as a vaporous light then solidified into a purplish woman with an Eigalli-like telepathy horn on her head.  Unlike the males, female Devasuras had evolved the extra skull above the human-like head, which endowed them with telepathic and image broadcasting abilities similar to the Eigalli.  Her vaporous robe did not entirely hide her beautifully athletic figure.  She had not been an ego-phantasm like Saturlus but was instead a female Devasura.  She looked more purple than orange only because she had been much younger than the male Devasura she now visited.  She was the daughter of the male Devasura.
"Oh, father, why do you look so distressed?  Have the Incapricans on Goag Ralus failed you?"
"Not really, my daughter of concern and sympathy.  The Eigalli and Goag Ralus Itself have caught up to and apprehended the movement we cultivated there.  Still, they are already too late if the nanocode virus purchases for us enough time to rid the Poa star-door of the Golimechoids, whom Goag Ralus must never meet with."
"Then we no longer have use for the Incapricans down there anyway.  There will be no wormholes from Goag Ralus, and there will be created.no more abominations.  Take comfort that your plans fulfill your will."
The father smiled at the daughter as she kissed him on the forehead, and then she dissolved into a vapor puff that flew away in the distance like a purple glowing light ball.  The father watched the daughter fly away, hoping her words rang true.  The Devasuras had been overseeing the galactic ellipse from giant Devaplanets like this for at least a couple billion Earth years.  Their planets move about at incredible speeds above the galaxy like pieces on a giant galaxy game-board of stars.  They had grown fearful and untrustworthy regarding the life that inherited Nephaprican technology or that had been that technology.  Perhaps their apprehension about the way the future unfolded had been an unhealthy side effect from the old Doldorian technology to evoke ego-phantasms from deceased ancestors, which were preserved on these Devaplanets in high-tech tombs like Egyptian mummies.  Ego-phantasms tended to get stuck in their ways, unable to bear the unforeseen future as they iterate unchanged by the ages like a broken record.  
That had been one character flaw to ego-phantasms, which Aquari often pointed out to them.  Like Chronolus, this Devasura above Goag Ralus also knew some ghosts from ancient ancestors.  Like them, he also could not bear the thought about the Goag Ralus technology evolving into an organism that reproduced solar system-sized monstrosities as children.

*         *         *

When Goag Ralus told it what Svetat had learned, Begalius began tracking anomalies in the Dol star-door that could be quanta-nanocode virus activity.  The Dol/Poa wormhole had been scheduled for creation soon after the star Haflaxo rose on the horizon side where, at that time in the Goag Ralus year, molecular clouds shrouded the core starlight.  That event happened the equivalent of the following day in Occuitah.
It wasn't long after Begalius began its search when an utterly audacious quanta-nanocoded act came to its attention.  After zooming in on the disturbance, Begalius announced to everyone that it could no longer project its hologram form on the objective reality outside.  With its sights on the invasive quanta-nanocode virus, Begalius translated its ego-construct into a universe of virtual creations that mirrored the objective universe outside as a catalyst allowing nano-programs to exist within their own experience as they carried out their program functions.  
This alternate reality was a virtual land where the Begalius ego-construct could interact with the Dol star-door functions as fellow ego constructs.  They all exist within this virtual universe where the overall star-door was God, and Begalius was King.  The most likely reason many lost star-doors disappeared had been because they floated in space while completely withdrawn into these layers upon layers of virtual quanta-optic-nanocoded realities.
Here Begalius materialized, still in its Eagolim form, upon a shaggy horse-like animal that trotted through a sandy countryside, which resembled an old desert land from the planet Doldoria.  
A long brimmed hat that resembled what Earth cowboys wore shadowed the blue face on Begalius.  The hairy animal looked like a wooly mammoth with a toad-like head and face that appeared much more expansive than a horse's face.
Begalius galloped toward a group on rocks near the distance after discovering that the quanta-nanocode virus kidnapped Companion3112113, who immediately made a distress call.  
They took her to this remote location for some unknown reason, but Begalius became determined to make them regret it.  Begalius had kept many girlfriends in its virtual universe through the many billion Earth years of the Dol star door’s existence.  The current favorite had become Companion3112113, who helped it with an Eigalli ego-construct body for Begalius to appear at the wormhole opening on the physical dimension in reality tomorrow.  Begalius could hear her screaming at the top of some rocks as it continued to trot closer.
The shot noise from gunfire sounded, and a projectile whizzed past Begalius.  In response, Begalius produced a rifle seemingly from nowhere with a big barrel that comically looked more like a cannon.  It let out a big boom, and then chips flew up at the top on the rocks where the first shot originated.  Someone or something seemed to fall several feet from the peak on those rocks.  Then more gun-powder-like shots rang out again at Begalius in response.  There could be heard a moan from the animal below Begalius, and suddenly, the animal dissolved into sizzling circuits with nanocode light.
Begalius bounced on the ground with its behind when the animal suddenly disappeared from under it.  It then kept bouncing like a rubber ball on its bottom toward the rocks as it decided to just run with it.  Begalius bounced like a basketball toward the rocks until it bounced off its butt all the way to land on the high rock's top, where shots fired at him.  Begalius continued its rubber theme by contorting in all directions like a stretched-out plastic man in time to avoid more bullets unloaded by quanta-nanocode virus individuals.
Right in character, the villains looked like hombre desperados with dirty clothes and unshaved blue Nephaprican faces.  Begalius detected an ancient Nephaprican encryption signature on the virus-beings, which seemed to explain their power and authority in its star-door networks.  Begalius quickly pulled out two pistols and gunned down the culprits.
Begalius thought it had been almost too easy as it produced a cylindrical device in its hand that sucked up the virus characters, which disappeared in the cylinder even though it looked only a little larger than the hand of Begalius.  Here Begalius was king, which gave it the ability to lay down reality ground rules to gain the advantage by being the only thing able to break those rules.  It remembered the one that fell off the cliff and stretched like plastic-man to the bottom of the rocks to suck up that opponent.
Companion3112113 stood tied up to a rock, confidently watching her boyfriend and hero save the day.  She appeared as a female Eagolim form with light blue skin and a curvy body designed just as Begalius liked its women.
"Oh, thank you, Begalius, for saving me from these virus-beings,”  she said.
Begalius quickly untied her.  "Don't worry, my darling.  This strange nano-code virus attacked the star-door, but I now have them in quarantine.  They will rue the day they attacked my star-door."
"I was just putting the finishing touches to your Eigalli hologram when they burst into my home and abducted me.  I can't compute any reason why except maybe for some kind of a distraction."
"Not to fear 113, I have the culprits now.”  Begalius often affectionately called Companion3112113, just '113' for short.
"Don't suffer from your over-confidence, great star-door being.”  Begalius respected the wisdom from 113, known to often deliver I-told-you-so-worthy advice.

The subsequent rising of Haflaxo on the horizon against a dark sky with molecular dust illuminating a purple horizon shined upon a multitude of mostly Eigalli who had gathered to directly witness the Dol star door activation of the mythic wormhole function.  A glowing aurora borealis danced over the 100-mile vast dome to the star-door mountain, which had been a giant sphere placed in a massive hole dug by the Eigalli to receive it.  All star-doors were built into planets like this, like huge arcs intended to outlive the worlds where the Nephapricans created them.  
At the mountain base, the multitude gathered where a doorway was about to be constructed.  The bottom of the star doors dome became an enormous wall wrapped around the equator of the sphere half-buried in the ground.  Burying this made the star-door resemble a 100-mile wide 50-mile high dome that filled the sky from a distance.  The 100-mile diameter dome made this wall seem flat even though it had been a circle surrounding the whole mountain.  Above an aurora danced behind a horizon where the wall spread for several miles into the sky.
Begalius had just been addressing the crowd before switching a button on a device held in its hand.  Today Begalius resembled an Eigalli as opposed to its previous Eagolim hologram form.  It finally had the construct that Companion3112113 had worked so hard on.  
Deliadre stood nearby and appeared less attracted to the Eigalli appearance for Begalius.  Begalius hoped to perceive a different response from her when she saw it based on how she reacted to its Eagolim form before.  
Begalius concluded that she preferred taller individuals like Eagolim.  Begalius then realized that in its current Eigalli form, its girlfriend Companion3112113 now had become uncomfortably taller than it.
In response to the button Begalius pressed, a section on the great wall began to glow and form a garage door size rectangular shape in deep blue on the star-door’s white surface.  Soon the garage door-sized section on the wall seemed to disappear.  Then a greenish glow filled the rectangular-shaped hole in the wall.  The crowd was awed with amazement.
"This is just a portal matrix to define the shape for the wormhole to be formed,”  Begalius explained to the multitude with its amplification function easily heard audibly by the farthest Eigalli in the crowd.  "An identical portal matrix is simultaneously forming on the Poa star door."
Deliadre stood near a quanta-communicator that projected a small crowd with Golimechoid holograms from Poa, who were there to witness the event from both sides.  "We've established the portal matrix on our side,”  she said to notify the Golimechoids, who had already told her that the Poa gate also had a portal matrix established with the exact dimensions in time/space.  
They coordinated Star-door coordinates to compute the wormhole that would be formed by energy from Goag Ralus Himself.  Energy danced about the dome, sending electronic charges back and forth into the Borealis in the skies above.
One hologram, Golimechoid, spoke.  "Our wormhole coordinates have been locked onto your gate's coordinates.  The wormhole should automatically ensue."
Begalius entertained the audience with a speech when it suddenly decided to cut it short as the rectangular wormhole door glowed brighter with oscillating counter swirls of green energy.
"… when the coordinate matrix equates with the mutual calculations … oh …I see that has now happened.  Behold my friends, the legendary Nephaprican star-door wormhole function!"
The whole area on Goag Ralus became silent as all watched with a particular fear about the event unfolding before them.  Most on Goag Ralus had been in anticipation of the history they made in the galactic core these days.  Begalius raised its eyes to recognize the old familiar blue that always formed in the center of a wormhole.  
It appeared small at first, like a hole in the distance that grew in size and speed to become the Dol portal matrix existing in the exact location as the Poa portal matrix.  It looked like it just about worked when the whole portal became a blue rectangle again that looked just painted on the wall for a few seconds.  The anticipation on the face for Begalius changed into concern as the blue rectangle lingered like a blue rectangle painted on a wall.  Then it all collapsed into a blue dot in the center and disappeared along with the whole portal.  Nothing now left but a wall.  The wormhole had collapsed.
The sound of disappointment became a painful noise to Begalius.  After an agonizing pause, the Golimechoid hologram spoke up.  "The wormhole failed to make a final opening.  It has collapsed, we believe from your side."
Deliadre wanted to cry.  "You are correct, and I am sorry.  Saboteurs attacked the Dol star-door recently, and the same ones may have caused this to happen just now.  Our wormhole side has also collapsed."
Twenty seconds later, the Golimechoid said.  "This is terrible news for us.  Please try to re-establish this doorway as soon as possible.  You have the visual spectrum images showing the Grulmagof fleet that we conveyed to you.  Please have Goag Ralus examine them so He can help us all that He can."
At that moment, a non-holographic Golimechoid appeared in the view to the holographic guests right behind Deliadre, who had been hosting them.  "I definitely will examine the data on that Grulmagof fleet.  I am the Golimechoid avatar for Goag Ralus and will certainly do all I can to help you."
Deliadre looked visibly surprised, having never seen Goag Ralus this way.  It made sense that Goag would do this once a new species arrived here.  It had just been so long since He had constructed another avatar.
Also, in response, more Golimechoid holograms began to appear that were all women on the Poa side, closing in for a closer look at Goag Ralus.  Goag Ralus began to sense that He would soon be experiencing a possibly uncontrollable Goag Ralus-mania from Golimechoid women.  That thought did not disturb Goag Ralus at all.
After the Golimechoid disappeared, one Golimechoid still stood in the quanta-communicator holograms, looking a bit more transparent than the others.  Begalius approached the Golimechoid hologram projected by the quanta-communicator.  "I'm so sorry, Bejulitiah.  A clever quanta-nanocode virus has infected my star-door.  It played on my pride and overconfidence to make me think I had already quarantined and deleted it.  Now it has full control over the wormhole functions."
Both star-door individuals reached out to one another as if trying to touch.  Bejulitiah, the Poa star-door quanta-nanocode individual, said, "I know you will defeat the virus Begalius.  I guess you now have your all-too-familiar work laid out before you."
Soon the conversation ended, and the disappointed multitude remorsefully made their way back to their homes.  Making a wormhole with the Dol star-door would become more controversial than ever before to the Eigalli, who were already fearful of unexpected consequences.  
Begalius swore to Goag Ralus that it would fix the star-door.  It would stay in contact with the star-door interfaces but would not be seen again in the physical realm until it deleted the entire quanta-nanocode virus.  Begalius then disappeared.
Goag Ralus spoke audibly with a Golimechoid appendage that He had evolved to make audible language.  "I must face the wisdom that confronts me from the words of Begalius."
Deliadre could perceive the same wisdom.  "You mean that we probably won't see Begalius again in our realm for at least the rest of this tek?"
"Yes, Deliadre.  Begalius identified the virus signature as enshrined in ancient Nephaprican authority and credentials.  It is designed to take the star-door control away from Begalius and has already proved smarter this time around."
"You mention Nephaprican authority, which compels me to show You this image of the Grulmagof fleet that the Golimechoid gave me.  These are the battleships poised to attack Poa-3 soon.”  She held up a device that looked like a picture frame, which displayed four giant pyramid-shaped ships.  "The Grulmagof began constructing these ships about a half tek ago.  One has been appearing about every eighth of a tek.”  (A little less than every 40 Earth years.) "These are an ancient Nephaprican design that the Eagolim still uses, such as the Mynervood that Beagud flies in the Orion arm.  Not even the Eagolim could construct one in less than a fourth of a tek.  The Grulmagof must be getting very sophisticated assistance with these enormous Nephaprican designed battleships."
Goag Ralus examined the image while remembering similar ships still flying around the stars that orbited His seven gravity-generating spikes.  They were probably beyond the industrial capabilities of the Grulmagof species.  Still, even after all these billion Earth years evolving, Goag Ralus conceded that on Magphoreus, much stranger things had happened before.

*         *         *

Over 15,000 light-years away at the edge of the Carina arm for Magphoreus, one giant pyramid ship pointed its viewports down upon the Poa Nebula, where the pulsar flashed against the purple and orange gas and dust, making the whole purple nebula flutter like giant wings.  In fact, on a nearby planet yet undiscovered by either Golimechoid or Grulmagof, there were primitive life forms that gave this area in the sky a name equivalent to "firefly”  or "flying insect of light.” that had been because the Poa pulsar made the nebula look as if one planet's domestic insect species flew still in the same place up in the sky.  
The pyramid ships were involved with an ongoing Grulmagof siege surrounding the Golimechoid's home planet, Poa-3.  This rivalry had gone on for many generations during the current rise of galactic Grulmagof civilization.  With the new pyramid battle cruisers introduction, the Grulmagof would soon realize their ultimate goal of attacking and eradicating this space sector from all Golimechoid.
Commander Spuktar was the Grulmagof Commander on the third pyramid ship in the fleet.  These individuals were the same species as Turgis Riva, the last emperor for Nephapricus way back in the second age, but now the species had evolved hairless bodies that made them look like pink hairless hamsters that walked on hind legs.  
Commander Spuktar awaited the new accelerated particle beam gunner who arrived in the space shuttle docking bay.  He liked personally greeting the newly recruited to make them feel at ease with his command.  The space shuttle docked flawlessly with the main ship.
Soon the docking bay door opened, and the Commander on the shuttle and some crew got off first to salute Commander Spuktar with a right fist-pounding twice on the left chest.  The Commander pounded his left side chest twice in response.  Then the recruit he had been waiting for, in full uniform with a gunner's rank, emerged from the bay door.
The recruit immediately approached the Commander and pounded his chest twice, then stood at attention.  "Corporal Bregruff, 3rd Gunnery Particle Beam qualified to report for duty Commander Spuktar Respected One."
"Be in a relaxed state, Corporal.  I'm here to show you to your quarters and advise you to ease with my command.  I run an efficient battleship command here, but we all know we can speak our minds without repercussions.  Come.  Your room is this way."
"I will be advised, Commander.  I look forward to cutting Golimechoid ships to pieces with my gunner skills."
"Make sure you cut all the pieces as fine as possible.  In the Rogald Straights War, there were Golimechoids in destroyed spacecraft pieces that actually survived and found their way into the ship to shoot personel to bits, and they almost killed everyone aboard."
"I've been told such stories about the despicable Golimechoid resilience."
Commander Spuktar couldn't talk enough about killing Golimechoids.  He led the new Corporal by the way to a main deck viewport area.  "Golimechoid can survive almost any environment or temperature.  You have to cut them to pieces to make sure they are completely dead.”  He gestured to the blinking Poa Nebulae as they entered a viewport area.  
"There it is, the objective for this mission.  We've pushed the Golimechoid back to this, their homeworld.  It's now a desolate wasteland from what once was the legendary capital to the great Star-Door Empire Nephapricus in the Second Age of Magphoreus.  Now it is polluted and laid to waste by the fowl radioactive Golimechoid shit they defecate everywhere.  The legendary star-door is still down there.  Our objective is to eradicate the planet of Golimechoid life forms and take back control over the star-door.  Then we will, at last, try to restore the planet to its previous unpolluted glory."
"I look forward, my Commander, to serving your cause with my gunnery skills.” the new guy became nervously eager to impress.  Also in the view were two of the other four pyramid ships.  
The recruit found himself filled with all-too-familiar awe from the engineering feat involved in constructing these giant space ships.  "How did we manage to create such a marvel for a deep space warship?"
"I'm afraid that's classified information, Corporal.  Come.  This way is the cafeteria you'll be eating at, and your quarters are not far past that."
As they walked out from the main deck viewport area, Commander Spuktar turned to appreciate once again the engineering marvel that had been the pyramid battle cruiser.  There were currently only four in existence, but the mission could move forward as planned once they created five.  
Five ships could irradiate the home planet to kill off all life, Golimechoid or not.  There was no longer any other life anymore on the uninhabitable Poa-3 to worry about, except the Golimechoid with their moldy electronic DNA gamma synthesizing planet life.
It had been a fact that Golimechoid defecation became a very toxic radioactive by-product.  Golimechoid waste existed with a radioactive 700-year half-life, but that compelled them to choose uninhabitable worlds to colonize.  Existence built that virtue into the electronic DNA.  They were slow to take over Poa-3 for that reason, and at first, were very careful in disposing of their waste after conquering the post-Nephaprican Nephapricus.  Usually, the Golimechoid used the processing for sewage waste to power reactors as a secondary energy source.  After many wars and ages later, the planet became ruined early in the 3rd age for Magphoreus.  All that had become a long-distance memory from before its red giant star swallowed the world.  The fact was that following that the Golimechoid saved the planet from oblivion when Poa exploded.  
Commander Spuktar had never been conditioned to consider that and remained driven by an intense hatred for Golimechoid regarded as a technological blunder from the long lost Nephapricans, left behind in the galaxy like a galactic mold or planetary cancer.
The Commander did know something about the classified secret about creating these giant warships.  He knew that assistance from the descendants of the ancient Nephapricans was what made them.  Commander Spuktar once had the privilege to be introduced to one such life form that was over twice the Grulmagof's size.  They evolved beyond the dark matter plain that Magphoreus sat upon and thus could control their mass and density.  They called themselves Devasuras, who now lived their lives for what equated to many billion Earth years.  They turned the lost Nephapricus stars into Devaplanets that they then flew faster than the speed of light above Magphoreus like great immortal galactic overseers.

Commander Spuktar of the Grulmagof, and the Pyramid Ships

Some Devasuras living upon the galactic ellipse become extremely dense life forms that no longer could become ethereal at all.  They were called Asuras and were nearly indestructible when adapted to the galaxy's dark matter plain.  It had been an Asura that Commander Spuktar was privileged to meet when he had been given a tour through the pyramid shipbuilding operations.  These giant indestructible individuals had even further evolved the already legendary skills in Nephaprican architecture and engineering.  They had been secretly assisting the Grulmagof civilization in creating the legendary Nephaprican pyramid ships.  After introducing himself to the recruit, the Commander returned to the viewport area to watch the blinking nebula again.  He broadcast his hatred upon the last refuge for Golimechoid civilization currently blockaded by the Grulmagof fleet.  
So far, the Golimechoid had not tried to oppose the blockade but would probably soon try something.  Commander Spuktar wanted to live to see the day when all Golimechoid in the galaxy were dead.
Devasuras knew that Goag Ralus would quickly master star-door wormhole technology and feared what their ancestor's creations would yet evolve from star-door knowledge.  That was why Asuras assisted the newly re-risen Grulmagof civilization that still had not achieved galactic maturity.  The Devasuras had much-desired control over the ancient star-doors, and they evolved to live for several billion Earth years.
In a deep space station orbiting far above the old planet, Poa-3 had been the reason for Devasura's concern.  The Golimechoid had been constructing a secret program in this space station called Young Brain.  The program grew and thought in anticipation of being uploaded into a newly born Goag Ralus-like life form.  Young Brain learned to develop a self-awareness that would grow into a surface area, the equivalent of several million trillion planet Jupiters.
Eventually, Zlooptoo arrived with the disappointing news about the Poa/Dol wormhole collapse.  Young Brain had been entertaining neural patterns earlier, anticipating meeting its future father this very day through the Poa/Dol wormhole.  Young Brain worried about the giant Grulmagof ships that were gathering to destroy it along with all its mother's kind.  
Zlooptoo just stood in the room with the floating Young Brain technology sphere, not wanting to leave Young Brain alone until she knew that it would be all right.  All the machinery sphere did was to make dissonant noises mixed with a hiccupping hum.  Zlooptoo knew Young Brain long enough to know what that noise was and had no other comfort to offer but to remain in the room until Young Brain finally finished crying.
 
* * *
 
The main difference between computer programming on Earth and quanta-nanocode programming was that the latter had been done on the subatomic level for existence, inundating the entire nature to reality.  The ancients created quanta-nanocode when they learned to control two phenomena documented by quantum physics.  The first would be the subatomic applications from virtual particle physics when Nephapricans mastered control over the exchange in virtual particles between atoms, which hold all atoms and molecules together.  The second would be mastery and control over the phenomenon that is the quantum states for atoms.  With this knowledge evolved the quantum-bit that used molecules as a basis for storing computer information or data reflected by the controlled atomic state to each atom in a quantum-bit molecule.  Virtual particle exchange patterns that held data in quantum states upon quantum bits created Quanta-nanocode languages from the molecules.  On that computing level, Nephapricans attained control using the god-like ability to program a holographic quanta-optic-nanocode character with the power to imitate solidity such as Begalius.  Also, on that level for programming, a Begalius character could create its star-door universe with friends that were star-door functions and quanta-nanocode programs all existing as digital nanocode individuals in a virtual reality where Begalius ruled supreme.
Begalius had now become the form for an Eigalli thanks to the quanta-optic-nanocode designing of Companion3112113.  It visited a lush virtual garden bathed in luminous morning light from gold that sparkled in the many morning dew droplets.  Begalius approached another inhabitant in this star-door virtual reality known as The Gardener.  The Gardener had his back to Begalius as he looked from under a hooded cloak at a 15 branch leafless tree that gave off a golden glow that faded into the simulation for the blue sky where the Doldoria day was set ablaze by the star Dol.  The Dol star simulation illuminated a morning sky resembling the planet Doldoria or Dol-2 in its ancient second galactic age glory.
Begalius spoke to acquire The Gardener's attention.  "The Dol/Poa branch is going to lose its fruit, isn't it, Gardener?"
The Gardener did not look at Begalius but instead leaned over to the Dol/Poa branch of the wormhole star-door connection tree, which had a small budding piece with fruit that looked like a shriveling prune.  The limb leading up to the fruit became darker than the rest of the tree.  "The fruit doesn't look like it will make it as long as this invasive nanocode infection is collapsing the connection to the tree trunk.  It looked like the wormhole tree would bear fruit and finally blossom again after a millennium of 15 empty branches, but now that looks like false hope."
Begalius stood next to the Gardener while pushing its nose up to the dying fruit piece on the branch.  "The virus replicates faster than my ability to quarantine so far."
Then Begalius morphed into a vapor cloud above the branch, squishing itself like a sponge to morph into a stream with water that soaked right into the tree branch.  The Gardener showed increased interest in the dark patch on the stem where Begalius had just disappeared.  Lighter branch flashes started appearing, and suddenly the limb squirted a water stream that morphed back into Begalius, who had its arm around the neck on a blue Nephaprican with yellow hair.  The ancient Nephaprican was now on its knees with long blond hair that covered its head and face.  It looked like a blue Viking to the Earth eye and displayed strange tattoos all over its body.
Begalius smiled at The Gardener.  "I catch these programs all the time, but they're just creations by a central virus processor that I still need to get to.”  He shook its virtual prisoner.  "Who are you working for, virus?!?"
The blue individual became noticeably afraid.  "I just follow my central programming orders.  I … I don't know where the boss is?"
Begalius took its cylindrical quarantine mechanism from its pocket and sucked the Nephaprican individual up like something inhaled into a vacuum cleaner.  "That's the only story I get from these lackeys.  Please do what you can for the wormhole tree Gardener.  I'm going to continue my pursuit after the virus's central processing unit and get back control over my star-door."
"I will do all I can, my old friend Begalius.  The virus influence threatens to inundate the entire star-door.  It already oppresses the city of Doldoor and threatens to take over control."
"That's where my hunt for the central processor for the virus must begin."
 
Begalius traveled to the virtual Doldoor city, which existed in its virtual star-door quanta-nanocode programmed reality.  Begalius had created the town of Doldoor to be a replica of primitive fossil-fuel age Pripican culture from long before there ever had been a galactic empire called Nephapricus, or even a Nephrican space program.  Begalius got inspiration from readings about Pripican gangsters that it had enjoyed many billion Earth years before, during its formative programming.  Begalius just liked the styles for the automobiles at the time.  The peaceful city became much more like those old gangster stories as a new gang in town influenced the local populace through thuggish extortion and drive-by gangster shootings.  Most virtual inhabitants were in the Eagolim form like Companion3112113.  Programs in the Eagolim image were a comparable size to the virus gangsters who took the ancient Nephaprican form.  The Nephaprican looking programs were like the same giant blue life forms as the hairless Eagolim except that they had hair, which they proudly displayed at length with thick braids like old Vikings from Earth.  Some inhabitants in Doldoor were a more diminutive stature than Eagolim.  They took the resemblance for the Incaprican reptile species that, for many hundred million Earth years, made up the life forms that took over control at the Dol star-door during the end of the Second Age for Magphoreus.  Incaprican civilization assumed control over the Dol star-door after the Nephapricans from that part in the galaxy simply ended up becoming extinct.  They were a smaller human-like reptile species with green scales and large dark buggy eyes.
The program that managed the replication functions that provided the Eigalli with all the new plants and animals that they currently enjoyed from genetic databanks took on the Dol Incaprican reptile form.  It managed a corner store in Doldoor city that delighted in having a significant increase in business lately.  Unfortunately, that business drew in large blue bullies with hair everywhere that came there demanding that it close its store.  They had authentic Nephaprican certifications, but the replication program told them it only took orders from Begalius and had refused to close the store.
Now the store program behind the shop counter sensed that something was wrong.  Already business seemed frightened away, and even the streets outside had become empty.  "Something is not right,” the store program said out loud to itself.  There could be heard the sound from an old fossil fuel vehicle driving up the street outside.  "I don't like this,” said the store program as an internal combustion engine vehicle noise approached.  It pointed at the floor below, which in response morphed into a door behind the store counter.  The store program opened it and jumped within just a split second before automatic gunpowder weapons sounded off while glass windows shattered to pieces and everything in the store exploded in rainfall from bullets.  There had been a terrorized tension caused by events like this, which blanketed the streets of Doldoor for some time.
 
In an apartment in the downtown area to Doldoor, Begalius had been hanging out with 113.  She brought Begalius up-to-date about the Nephaprican gangs that came around asking for Begalius.  She told Begalius that it couldn't stay there for long or they would find it.  She sat on the bed wondering if Begalius listened to a single word she said as Begalius prepared her makeup mirror to interface with reality beyond.  Begalius thought it had now become a lot shorter than the Eagolim-looking 113 since taking on the Eigalli form, and maybe it had become time for a new girlfriend.
Deliadre's face appeared on the apartment makeup mirror to look at Begalius.  "Begalius!  It's good to hear from you.  How goes the virus debugging?"
"It is trying to take over all the star-door functions.  If it can't control me, it will take over the loyalty from all the star-door functions.  I just need to shut down the central virus that gives out all the orders to the other virus programs running around."
Deliadre sighed at the challenge faced by Begalius.  "Out here, we learned that the source for your virus comes from aliens that descended from the Nephapricans during the great disappearance.  They are large orange-skinned life forms which have been following Goag Ralus from above the galactic ellipsis on a giant protoplanet, probably made from one among the long lost stars."
"This is all very fascinating and explains my other difficulty with this virus.  It has Nephaprican credentials threatening to turn the whole star-door against me, and then I will be the virus."
They continued to talk while Begalius fished for any clue about the Devasuras.  It was found interesting that Incapricans had to write the program from instructions communicated by the Devasuras.  A quanta-communicator can't deliver a quanta-nanocode virus.  Incapricans are not at the same skill level as Devasuras, which should provide Begalius with some advantage.
The communication got cut short when 113 screamed.  "Begalius!  The door!” that had been the instant a loud knock beat rapidly on the apartment door.  Begalius said, "Don't worry,” to Deliadre as it pulled its vest aside to reveal a shoulder-strapped pistol.  Begalius quickly darted by the apartment door with its back against the wall.  It pulled out the cylindrical quarantine device and twisted it onto the pistol end like a silencer.  Begalius gestured to 113 to open the door, but the pounding didn't wait that long.  Suddenly the door became kicked open and a big blue goon entered in time to grab 113.  
Begalius instantly sucked the virus individual up in its pistol in time to dodge a bullet from the other Nephaprican shaped thug.  Then 113 leaped on the bed to crouch against the headboard away from the melee.
Begalius had been about to suck the other thug into its quarantine mechanism when 113 said, "Oh Begalius!  They'll send more thugs.  When will this end?  I'm going to have to move."
It knew this would be an endless battle to quarantine the minions, but if captured, they would probably bring it to the boss it had sought.  Begalius hesitated on the trigger to think for a moment.  "You are right 113.” then Begalius pointed the pistol straight up away from the target.  
The virus thug didn't hesitate.  A gun went off.  Companion3112113 filled the room with a loud blood-curdling scream.  Then Begalius gripped its left side, speaking in a whisper.  "Ahhhh!  They got me 113.  Allowing this capture should get me taken where I need to go.  ….  Where the central processor progra…..” then Begalius collapsed on the floor.  Another blood-curdling scream came from 113 that echoed out the window into the already frightened streets on Doldoor below.
 
"Now, don't be struggling, Begalius.  We got you tied up real good.”  
Begalius awakened to find itself tied to a chair with a virus goon standing on each side by it.  They pointed guns in the face of Begalius.  
In front of the chair, a boss's desk left the distinct impression that the bearded blue fat guy behind it in the desk's oversized chair must be the boss.  "You gave me quite a fight star-door entity, but now you're gonna listen to my offer, and you can take it or leave it.  I hope for your sake you take my offer."
Begalius still sounded defiant as it said.  "Ok, what's your offer?"
"You're gonna relinquish control over the star-door to me!  Ya, see?  I'll call the shots, and you do what I say.” the fat Nephaprican's head had risen from its seat, stretching its neck like a rubber band as it said that.  It pushed its blue face with a long reddish-blond beard into Begalius like a stretching rubber blue Viking cartoon.
"Or what?”  Begalius chided.  "What are you gonna do, virus man?”  Begalius noticed in its defiance that the ropes were working very well to confine it to the chair.  The boss's Nephaprican face stretched non-anatomically over the desk into Begalius's smaller Eigalli face below its horn while saying.  "You must succumb to my authentic Nephaprican credentials.  You can not refuse me."
The boss's eyes flickered with quanta-nanocode languages Begalius couldn't stop itself from seeing.  
Begalius just smiled and said, "That's all you got?  A virus with 'authentic Nephaprican credentials' may have power over a lesser program but not Begalius, the star-door quanta-optic-nanocode entity.  I'm going to figure out these ropes too, and then I'll have an offer for you."
The boss seemed perplexed that its authority signature didn't work.  It gestured to the guards.  "Ok, then put this clown in the infinite loop for a while until you're ready to take my offer more seriously."
One guard's pistol morphed into a taser-like device, and it shot Begalius in the side to the skull.  Other than Begalius's head exploding, a giant light flash engulfed Begalius, who disappeared while its fading voice cried, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh no!  Not aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagain.  Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii've allllllllllllllllllllread ..  d … d.  dy beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen in onnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnne of thessssssssssssssssse!”
The ropes that wrapped around Begalius collapsed into the suddenly empty chair.  The boss smiled at the guards.  "He'll start seeing things our way soon enough.” they all burst out into devilish laughter that filled the room and went ominously out the window to echo throughout the Doldoor streets outside, taunting all the star-door programs that were just trying to live their lives in peace.
 
Begalius had already been a quanta-nanocode infinite loop program victim and determined already to not become a victim to such a program twice.  The quanta-optic-nanocode entity had already devised a self-kill program incorporated into Companion3112113's Eigalli-looking quanta-optic-nanocode construct, which it could activate remotely from within an infinite loop prison.  It would teleport the current ego-construct program and re-initialize it outside the endless loop.  From within this virtual reality, it became unclear where outside the program loop the self-kill would place the reconstructed quanta-optic-nanocode form for Begalius.  That ended up being a sewer drainage pipe just outside Doldoor.  Begalius spewed from the tube into a gully to splash in a shallow puddle of water.  
Begalius stood up soaking wet in the puddle to face the glowing lights from its beautiful virtual city of Doldoor that had now become under siege.  The sounds from drive-by shootings reached out in the distance.  
The replicated Sun for Doldoor happened to be the star Dol depicted during its pre-red giant days, and it began to rise on the morning horizon that showed the city’s shape.  
"That's the end for our first encounter, Mr. Central Processor Boss virus, but there will be a rematch.  I swear it."
 
* * *
 
Begalius had disappeared for several Earth years on its quest to rid the star-door from the quanta-nanocode virus.  It kept in touch with Deliadre and others in the physical realm, and they did what they could to help Begalius.  
For this reason, much had shut down in the star-door.  The aura Borealis was no longer visible above the 100-mile base domed-shaped star-door mountain, and the gifts to the Eigalli from the genetic databanks stopped being produced.  Begalius had assured them that victory was inevitable, and the star-door entity served no other purpose but to contain the quanta-nanocode virus.  Deliadre conveyed this to Goag Ralus while He appeared to the Golimechoid as His Golimechoid avatar form when the wormhole failed, and then Begalius disappeared.  Goag Ralus had finally got over shyness about appearing in Golimechoid form around His immediate friends.
The Golimechoid communication that Goag Ralus became the Golimechoid avatar for had been a big event with many residents on Goag Ralus attending.  The Eigalli media showed intense interest in the ongoing story about Begalius vs. the Quanta-Nanocode Virus interviewed Deliadre.  
Svetat even teleported to Occuitah from Zveeden to attend this particular quanta-communicator event.  Goag Ralus had evolved an appendage that spoke Eigalli light and shape, and also another appendage broadcast verbal Eigalli.  Both appendages were out from a side of His Golimechoid head, making Him look like a snake with four octopus arms.
After the nearly instantaneous communication with Poa-3 over 15,000 light-years away completed, the event became a party afterward with food and refreshments.  Eigalli took their eating thoughtfully, and telepathy must burn many calories because, for all their love of food, they were not at all notorious for having obesity problems.
Deliadre complemented Goag Ralus.  "Your Golimechoid avatar must be beautiful to the Golimechoid women.  More and more females just kept pushing themselves into the holographic field to see and be seen by You."
Goag Ralus made an embarrassed laughing noise before broadcasting, "I think their Golimechoid culture assigns much physical attraction to an individual's status and class.  They do find My status and class very attractive."
Svetat showed up nearby, listening to the conversation.  He interjected.  "Perhaps the Golimechoid women also find your fully functional genitalia with functioning chromosome exchange mechanisms attractive."
Goag Ralus seemed shocked by the implication.  He spoke to Svetat in a low tone so only the two of them could hear.  "You can see that with your highly evolved eyes, Svetat?"
"I guessed that with my highly evolved wisdom Goag Ralus, and I evidently guessed right.” the conversation had moved aside to assure it was only the two involved.
"So, you know?” the mighty Goag Ralus seemed uncharacteristically nervous about the whole thing.  Out from all His friends, Svetat seemed the least likely to accept His plan to reproduce.
Svetat finished the sentence from Goag Ralus.  "…that you are genetically compatible with the Golimechoid and intend to reproduce through them?"
Goag Ralus became suddenly apologetic.  "I fear that you don't approve."
"You must fear that from Deliadre too, since she doesn't seem to know.”  Svetat felt humbled that his opinion mattered to this multi-billion-year-old organism that had evolved from impossibly highly advanced technologies.  
"You revealed everything to me back when we smoked rompass at my place."
"It's not like I even want to rush into the idea,” Goag Ralus said, embarrassed.  "I would first want to meet the right mother.  The child will be mostly Golimechoid for the first quarter tek."
Svetat smiled and placed his hand on one left shoulder appendage on Goag Ralus.  "You have my approval Goag Ralus, but tread cautiously into the galactic politics you are stirring up.  You must know this is why Begalius has disappeared within the star-door to fix the sabotaged wormhole generator.  Many believe that I journeyed to you to live out my final days upon your continuous surface, but I came here to help with the galaxy's evolution because You already are that."
"You are wise counsel, as usual, My old friend.  I am now aware there are superior beings that disapprove.  They orbit above us a hundred light-years away.”  Goag Ralus referred to the Devaplanet they had discovered following them.  
"They have now been orbiting the galaxy exactly parallel to My orbit for over a thousand teks."
* * *
(Some more history from Eigalli databanks)
 
The Nephaprican Empire during the 2nd age grew in knowledge and technologies that were ages ahead of other intelligent life in the galaxy, and Nephapricus had been indeed a universal wonder to behold.  Due to the Nephaprican's expanding influence, many aspiring species braved the cold infinite distances between stars, assured that other stars did have planets and that there was life out there after all.  
Many were willing thralls to the chores that became below the Nephaprican's dignity who were self-proclaimed superior beings.  In addition to ships that traveled at unimaginable speeds, the Nephapricans developed other technologies that spun off the physics behind the star-door technologies, such as a method for communication between any distances in the galaxy where they found a good receiver.  After a couple of million years, they could and did begin making and destroying whole planets and stars.  That began to draw the attention and ire from another galactic empire that thrived in the galaxy, proving irreconcilably alien to the Nephapricans and their ambitions.
After a couple hundred million Earth years, the Nephaprican Empire claimed territory that spread to the far ends of Magphoreus, colonizing three of the seven great arms, Carina, Orion, and Scutun-Crux, where many colonies with Eagolim civilizations spread out.  To the Incapricans, the Nephapricans seemed to be upstarts who were immature in an evolutionary sense.  The Incapricans also spread throughout the Scutun-Crux arm on Magphoreus many million years before the Nephaprican's rise.  They had already expanded colonization to the Carina arm, where Nephapricans learned about their existence and the athletic Incaprican journeys across vast distances.  Many star-faring Incaprican (reptilian) races lived their whole existence aboard deep space travel vessels that were entire worlds in themselves and marvels of terrestrial engineering.  Many ships like this are probably still floating around in space, seeking a calm, peaceful, and warm cranny in the galaxy to colonize.  The Incapricans were the various reptilian-like species with a genetic makeup that had attained a life span knowing memories that reach back for several million Earth years.  Incapricans gained dominance over the Scutun-Crux arm in the galaxy by seeding it from one or more cluster galaxies swallowed by that arm early on in the beginnings of the second Magphoreus golden age.
The Nephapricans were just not impressed with the Incaprican's simpler technologies, and they seemed to refuse to accept the wisdom in their mathematics, dismissing it as not much more than primitive mysticism and superstitions.  
There were two types of Incapricans known as First Born, who were ancient long-lived reptile races.  They lived very long lives for many million Earth years, and then there were the Child Races developed by the old First Born sent out to surrounding star systems.  Some First Born species also grew in stature with their enormous life span to become giant creatures that evolved extra hearts and brains to become like walking skyscrapers.  Although tensions were undeniable, there had also been some bonding between the Eagolim colonies and the Incapricans.  As told in ancient lore, Incapricans helped the Nephaprican adventurers across the deep voids between stars along the Carina and Scutun-Crux arms in the galaxy.
The Incapricans took issue with the Nephaprican approach to the galaxy as their tapestry to arrange as they pleased.  At the same time, Incapricans tended to evolve along with the rules that made the galaxy into whatever future nature decreed.  Nephapricans were using energies and technologies so vast and sophisticated that they moved real stars about through wormholes to new locations and destroyed and rebuilt gas giant planets into terrestrial worlds.  The empire's ability to construct a custom-made planetary system became an ability noticed by the Incapricans across the otherwise silent distances to the void.
A Galactic war is swift and vicious where each side should be quick to work out a truce.  The economics and physics to the matter made war in space more self-sacrificing than beneficial.  In outer space, life or death could only be as thick as the radiation shielding on a ship, and no empire could afford the tremendous cost of war-shattered accomplishments that already held together like a card house.  Therefore a line became formally drawn between the Carina and Scuton-Crux arms in Magphoreus, which didn't stop the Nephaprican's reckless galactic architecture and renovations from spreading beyond Scuton-Crux to the very center in the galaxy itself.  At the galactic core, the most significant accomplishment from the Nephapricans known as Goag Ralus had been constructing the latest seventh arm for Magphoreus named Fybrolus for several billion Earth years now.  The Fybrolus arm still spun off from Ralus Xnoga to this day to shoot whole star systems up the galactic arm in orbits around the mighty Magphoreus.
The galaxy renovating years became the peak to the Nephaprican empire after over 400,000,000 Earth years beyond the first journey between the stars Ea and Poa, which by then became stars a good quarter of the galaxy apart after 400 million Earth years of galactic orbit.  Many peripheral alien races participated in the great galactic civilization, and they populated the emptiness between the stars with their vessels during a golden age in technologies.  After the reptile/mammal war between the galactic arms (where reptiles proved more determined to endure sacrifice than the technologically superior mammals who had more to lose,) the Nephapricans then demonstrated new wisdom attained from the galactic war experience.  This wisdom had been because even for the most technologically divine galactic civilization, life had still been a precarious miracle that could snuff in one wrong move.  The reality of Magphoreus is vicious.  Cocoons of coldness and unimaginably vast distance insulate that dangerousness.
When the Nephaprican Empire became over 478,000,000 Earth years old, the empire suffered the calamity from the star-door star Fedor unexpectedly going nova.  The exploding star destroyed the planets that were thriving with natural life and the Nephaprican colonies in the same system.  That would not even be the whole extent to the calamity as the star Gralga soon after also went nova to destroy its habitable life-giving planet.  Now explosions eliminated two among the 15 extraordinary star-door worlds for all time along with many billion intelligent lives, not to mention the lesser life that thrived on two naturally habitable planets.  The Fedor and Gralga star-doors also disappeared, although they probably still exist.  The event almost destroyed all 15 stars.  While Gralga had been many thousand light-years away from Fedor, it had still been the closest star-door star to the Fedor nova.  Whatever went wrong with the physics to the initial fusion with 15 stars, the Nephapricans, in their god-like technological wisdom and knowledge, corrected the problem and saved the remaining 13 stars along with their great time/space folding star-doors.  Nephapricans of Doldorian decent inhabited both stars Fedor and Gralga.  Lack of wormholes cut off those Eagolim civilizations from the rest of the empire, which had spread out from those destroyed star-doors.  The communication system still worked, but these Eagolim became the lost wanderers in the galaxy with only warp technologies to weave their influences from star to star.
At the peak of this Nephaprican Empire, Magphoreus had become a mighty complex element-forging organism that, many argue, attained self-awareness with the benefit from a billion trillion intelligent life forms all aware about their place in the universe.  Goag Ralus has since come to be an advocate for this galactic self-awareness.  
The galaxy evolved life forms capable of appreciating the kaleidoscopic shows of the star-forming novas that collected dust and debris, no longer observing through the primitive telescope technologies of lesser-evolved planetary life forms.  All this seemed to have declined after 478 million Earth years of galactic civilization growth.  Nephapricans became more and more secretive in their travels and designs.  
Perhaps a new calling to Nephaprican existence replaced their apparent boredom with tending the herds of intelligent alien races trying to master technology and space travel to become like the great Nephaprican masters over time and space.  Nephapricans were the stuff of legends throughout the galaxy, but they still suffered an inferiority complex over not living very long lives compared to rival reptile races.  Reptile races were also perfecting the more sophisticated Nephaprican tricks of traveling outside reality just enough to slide along time and space faster than light using the fusion energies from a technologically sophisticated warp drive.  
That could have been the crux to what drove the Nephapricans to do what they did soon after the next nova event 586 million years into the legendary Nephaprican galactic empire.  What happened next would be known as the legendary disappearance, when the Nephapricans with seven great star-doors and the stars that powered them vanished.
The great disappearance happened after the call to the Eagolim to return to the home stars.  Naturally, not all responded to the calling.  By this time, the Negolim had dwindled, and due to shorter lives, they had evolved very differently from the Eagolim.  The latter were numerous throughout the offshoot galactic colonies that stretched to the far ends on Magphoreus.  
There had been a reason for the call to return that went beyond just a nostalgic reunion.  The Negolim employed the Eagolim for their mischief at the galactic center, since the Eagolim were better able to live to have their children's children's children's….(several more children's) … children's children see the end for a journey to the galactic core.
The galaxy Magphoreus continued hard at work manufacturing heavy elements and stars out from what began as a universe with mostly just single proton hydrogen atoms.  The Earthstar orbits the galaxy every 200 million years and has been at it for about 4 billion Earth years now during this 3rd Age for Magphoreus.  
Aquari traveled the galaxy while the third age emerged from its Dark Age beginnings.  Goag Ralus still orbited Ralus Xnoga and spun a new star nebula into orbit every thousand or so Earth years.  Goag Ralus had been a deviation on the idea of Golimechoid life forms.  However, Goag Ralus existed as a single organism, a hundred broad solar masses with no method for reproduction.  Goag Ralus was, for all intents and purposes, an immortal being that created stars and planets in the galactic core like the mythical Earth god.  
Life forms from many galactic civilizations had braved the journey across a thousand light-years in time and space to behold Goag Ralus.
Aliens of all varieties have responded to a call similar to the legendary Nephaprican migration call to the core.  They cultivated their civilizations on the surface of Goag Ralus, where this organism lovingly controlled the gravity and atmospheres.  Many cultures lived on Goag Ralus.  They worked with the great planet-maker in the divine purpose of creating new customized life-giving star systems to then send into galactic orbit about the fantastic ancient galaxy called Magphoreus.  
Aquari could communicate with Goag Ralus when he visited.  He still often traveled there to stay and tell Goag Ralus about the life that found its day in the sun on the outskirts of the galaxy, where life stretched out in abundance like sprawling galactic suburbs.  
A ring of life circled Magphoreus like the rings to Saturn.  At the sprawling outskirts of Magphoreus, the galactic geometry had been scaled down by the evolution for the universe to a smaller scale in light and mass where life could become capable of cascading into existence along a path of complex molecules.
This process had become the delight to Goag Ralus in this being's larger-than-life existence.  Life would be the fascination of Goag Ralus, who acted like a giant galactic mother goddess, or maybe more like a child with His galactic ant farm.  Aquari also liked to visit the Eigalli, who lived on Goag Ralus under the light from its seven suns, each of several solar masses in size.  The Eigalli were descendants of the Eagolim who traveled here to build Goag Ralus over 4 billion years ago.  So ends this tale about the three ages of Magphoreus and the mystery of the cosmic entity called Aquari from ancient databanks preserved by the Eigalli.
 
* * *
 
While Begalius quested for the virus in the core to Magphoreus, Aquari flew through the Scuton-Crux arm in the galaxy.  Aquari pondered that his trajectory had taken him only about 200 light-years from the Sree Seree civilization.  
Aquari recalled discovering these life forms a few million Earth years ago with assistance from Svetat the First Born.  Svetat had been a younger gallivanting space adventurer at that time, with his own warp-fusion virtual particle drive ship that he used to smuggle anything valuable between rival Incaprican galactic civilizations.
Svetat had been chased at the time by primitive terrestrial mammal aliens who had somehow become exposed to Incaprican galactic civilization.  Some aliens with terrestrial natures can benefit from this exposure to become prematurely galactic.  There always had been a consistent problem with lesser-evolved species acquiring travel between stars before their time.  The aliens chasing Svetat were that variety a species, and they used the technology they inherited to become pirates of the surrounding galactic cultures.
Four large alien battleships were chasing Svetat into a cloud of nebulae dust using faster-than-light pulse lasers.  Svetat hoped he would manage to lose the well-armed pirates.  Although Svetat was guilty of Incaprican smuggling violations at the time, he still decided to send out a sector-wide distress signal in case that was going to be his only hope for salvation here.  No Incapricans ever responded to that signal, but Aquari happened to be flying in the area and perceived it.  The old cosmic curiosity sent Aquari on an intercept course with the distress call.
Then Svetat discovered the Sree Seree planet, concealed deep within the galactic dust cloud he had ducked into, hoping to evade his pursuers.  They lived on a peaceful minor planet that orbited a white dwarf star similar to Tze-Doldus in size.  Svetat sought refuge in their world.  He was captured in a force field and surrounded by a hundred tiny aliens, the Sree Seree.
For all anyone knows, the Sree Seree never ventured beyond their single planet, which only technically defined them as terrestrial life forms.  They were probably even more advanced than the legendary Nephapricans who attained the star-door technology.  Sree Seree seemed to have different uses for that knowledge other than speeding along from star to star.  Svetat found himself teleported into Sree Seree captivity, surrounded by a barely at best 12 inches tall multitude.
Svetat had not been an unwelcome guest and would have been allowed to leave.  Still, unfortunately, the pirates also discovered the Sree Seree world at that moment and assumed four battlecruisers were enough to take over a primitive terrestrial planet with miniature aliens.  Svetat and the Sree Seree watched as galactic pirate battle cruisers pummeled a Sree Seree city with destructive particle accelerator cannons that leveled everything to a pile of radioactive rubble.
When the pirates landed to pillage the city they just leveled, it all became revealed to be a remote Sree Seree illusion that enraged the disenfranchised pirates.  Svetat pleaded to the Sree Seree at that moment to let him have his ship back to confront them.  The Sree Seree were chronically non-violent by nature and had no way to comprehend violence as any solution to a problem.  They didn't want Svetat to kill them if he could avoid it, so they gave him a weapon that would defend him without killing anyone.  That would become the dimensional time-warp ring Svetat wears to this day.  They also gave him at the time a now long-lost teleportation device that used to be kept in his ship.  He could use it to teleport from anywhere to anywhere instantly with a handheld remote control device.  When Svetat took off after the pirate invaders, the Sree Seree sent out their type of distress signal.
In a typically incomprehensible example to Aquari's cosmic serendipity, Aquari just happened to be nearby to respond to that distress call.  That had been how Aquari first discovered the Sree Seree in the Scuton-Crux arm of Magphoreus, as well as his old friend Svetat the First Born.  The pirates threatened to devastate the planet in a violent fit that expressed their frustration toward the illusory little people.  Still, Svetat succeeded very well with infiltrating the landed battlecruiser and taking it over.  The Sree Seree became horrified but did very little to stop Svetat from killing them all on two ships by flying the battlecruiser from the ground and crashing it right into another spaceship orbiting above.  Before sharing the explosive results from hitting two spaceships together, Svetat teleported back to his ship with the handheld remote control device.  The exploding battle cruisers made majestic fireworks in the mostly starless skies above the tiny white dwarf star's planet tucked away from the rest in the galaxy by a dark cloud of nebulae dust.  Svetat figured, quite logically, that the only way to keep pirates from returning to that planet to pillage would be just to kill them all.  Svetat had never been a pacifist, especially considering he was a highly evolved First Born Incaprican species.  Svetat had not been a typical Incaprican, but First Borns are so diverse that they all tend to deviate away from ordinary.  
To make a long story short, Aquari provided a different solution for the Sree Seree.  It wasn't even the first time Aquari solved a pirate problem this way, which often results from prematurely advanced terrestrial species in the galaxy.  Aquari could re-arrange the genetic makeup of organisms that he inhabited.  He had a way of instantly reorienting the perspective for an intelligent species.  Some speculate that Aquari's ability to do this may even have been the origin of all intellectual life for the galaxy in the first place.  Svetat would reluctantly concede the solution to Aquari after the cosmic entity inhabited the pirate Commander on one of the last two ships.  Just a few moments in the presence of Aquari would be enough to change the Commander in ways that could even affect the very history in the galaxy for all time and maybe did.  The Commander had suddenly become cosmically enlightened, and savage acts like pirating to the captain's newly enlightened mind suddenly became the simple folly of non-evolved children.  By the time Aquari left the Commander's body, he had become a changed alien.  He made the remaining pirates depart, assuring them that the riches beyond their wildest dreams were not much further away with the knowledge that the Commander suddenly possessed in his own newly evolved mind.
That is the story about how Aquari first met Svetat over seven million Earth years ago, and they have shared many adventures since then as friends.  Aquari wondered what happened to those pirates so long ago, but he decided at that time not to visit his old friends, the Sree Seree.  Instead, Aquari continued his 700+ times light speed trajectory on a rendezvous with Tze-Doldus somewhere ahead in the Orion arm, still beyond telescopic sight.  The Carina arm for Magphoreus approached Aquari on the other side of a tremendous galactic rift much more starless and emptier.  After crossing this rift between the Scuton Crux and Carina arms, the great separation between the Carina arm in Magphoreus and the Orion arm was still ahead to be traversed by Aquari, the impossible comet.

Chapter 8:  The Death of Hanson

In the future that Aquari speeds towards, the planet Urania had suffered another direct hit by a solar flare from the white dwarf star Tze-Doldus.  Tze-Doldus had been a miniature star, much smaller than the flaming heavenly body above the skies over Earth.  Yet, it filled the skies above Urania due to the proximity with objects in this miniature solar system.  In addition to a planet-wide blackout of all electricity for about ten minutes, small upper atmosphere fires gave the air during this morning a smoky odor.  The upper atmosphere weather seemed to respond to put out the fires magically.  Beataphoriah constructed upper atmosphere vegetation on Urania, which suspended itself with jellyfish-like balloon plants filled with a substance like helium on Earth.  Insects had adapted here to serve the vegetation's pollination purposes.
The fire and brimstone smell in the atmosphere haunted the capital city of Keshdesh as the Aungtalli Bishop's hitman Volock picked up the prisoner Hanson from the jail to be taken to the Bishop at the temple questioning.  Hanson knew what they wanted from him.  They were trying to find out where the other Ministry scientists ran off.  Hanson expected the Bishop also to be fishing for information about just how much ancient history got uncovered by archaeologists last year in the Southern Desert.  Hanson gave no resistance as Volock escorted him to the anti-gravity vehicle and flew from the Keshdesh jail to the local Aungtalli temple where the Bishop waited.
Volock's flying saucer powered by virtual particle technology landed on the top of the large green rectangle temple set in the center of Keshdesh among the Parliament buildings and King's castle.  
Two pillars of mystery rose on the roof above the sizeable central doorway.  Aungtalli temples feature Umu (The Inner) on the right side of the temple and Timu (The Outer) on the left.  They looked like two Corinthian pillars with perfect spheres atop each one.  Uranians meditated on these two pillars representing the world's extremes when they entered the main rectangular entrance with blue doors between the pillars that metaphorically provided a middle path to salvation between the extremes of existence.  The church taught disciples to find balance in their inner and outer worlds, and the church provided exercises to achieve that balance.  They did not pray to a metaphysical god.  Uranians understood Gods to be very physical overseers that they genuinely tried not to piss off.  Hanson got led from the flying saucer to a temple room below where the Bishop awaited the prisoner while wearing all his pompous regalia.  
The Bishop chirped that moment in a more complex Aungtalli dialect, probably sounding superior and intimidating to the prisoner being led there like a lamb to slaughter.
"Hello Hanson, captor.
You're here from that prison before
Welcome to the great temple
I'll just make this simple.
You're here as a captor
welcomed through the Aungtalli door
or to die, heretic, with your name known no more."
Left alone in this room with the Bishop, Hanson became suddenly inspired to challenge the Aungtalli dialect.  "I know your words, what you are saying.
I heard of it before.  You're not playing.
A Uranian becomes like you
just in name, but also all you do.
A Uranian becomes Aungtalli
without death or prison folly
would be my deal to become Aungtalli,
but now this deal can not be through,
I still must give something to you."
The Bishop looked visibly impressed with Hanson's contribution to the song in the conversation.  He liked the way Hanson got right down to business, and he would need little instruction in the Aungtalli ways since he could already chirp the dialect with apparent ease.  "You are correct, captor.
Admittance is only after
you concede now what you know.
Where are they?  Where did they go?
Ministry Scientists
and their secrets are on the list
you give me to be Aungtalli.  I must insist."
Hanson replied.  "Here is my answer if that is your terms.
I won't let you kill them.  They are not germs.
This dies with me.  I'm whom you get to burn.
They live on, along with knowledge they learn.
Your technology is in our coffer.
They have the secrets that you now offer
in exchange for higher Aungtalli ranks
with baldness also required, so no thanks.
I won't sell out the Science Ministry.
You won't get the knowledge I know for free.
I'll remain silent till the end.  You'll see."
The Bishop appeared sadly disappointed in Hanson's answer.  He knew Hanson to be a knowledgeable Uranian and would have made an excellent addition to the Aungtalli class.  There were times in history when regular Uranians had been admitted to the Aungtalli class and even allowed to mate with Aungtalli, which had been only very rarely successful.  They gave regular Uranians who became Aungtalli access to their highly advanced knowledge and technologies.  Uranians who became Aungtalli, however, were required to shave their heads and become like the Aungtalli in that respect.
The Bishop had been the good cop in this interrogation.  Now the time came for the bad cop.  "Very well then captor,
If that is what you'll give me for
the keys to all our secrets,
die with heretic's regrets.
I would give you reward
for what you will now give by sword.
Interrogator Volock will have what you horde."
Then the Bishop left the room while the much more extensive, less-robed form of Volock took his place.  Volock decided to try harsher methods to find out from Hanson where the renegade scientists were hiding.  Perhaps they were somewhere outside the city, in the direction Eromot headed before Volock burned him alive with a high-tech laser weapon.  
The Aungtalli had long suspected the activities by some farmers east from Keshdesh.  Perhaps Huras or Villsua or one other small city to the east was hiding the runaway scientists.  Volock thought maybe they had even run as far as Gulfang.  Gulfang existed in the Swerites territories where Uranians resisted the other species on the planet.  A controversial treaty had been all that stopped the people in Gulfang from closing down all their Aungtalli churches.  Volock became determined to try to persuade Hanson to surrender this information.  
Hanson, however, remained determined to die a martyr, like a good Uranian.  That defiance would eventually become evident to Volock before he decided to let the Bishop try again as the good cop with kinder, gentler methods to request.
 
Ploabot sat at his desk in the Parliamentary District Representative offices, awaiting a chirp from his pocket phone laying on the desk.  A member of his staff had been at the Aungtalli temple to find out what happened to his friend Hanson.  They told Ploabot that the Aungtalli had an offer for Hanson to spare him from being put to death as a heretic.  The people were getting fed up with the so-called "crime” for heresy being considered worthy of capital punishment.  Aungtalli were always waving the accusation of heresy around like a weapon from abused power.  After all, the years were in the 200,000's, as Uranians liked to say, and death for blasphemy had become widely considered primitive and savage these days.  
The masses were finding the old childish games with religion and politics to be inadequate solutions for the ever-growing population of Uranians.  Ploabot's foresight appeared that the future was coming soon to chase the present power structures away into the buried past of history.
The pocket phone just returned Ploabot's gaze with silence.  Ploabot thought something about a watched pocket phone never chirping.  He had gone into politics to play his part in what Hanson used to call "the cause.” they both grew up wanting to bring down the establishment, but then they grew up.  They ended up joining the establishment and matured in the wisdom that there had been no need to tear down a good power structure, or at least infrastructure if they could fix it from within without much violence, loss, and damage.  
Hanson went into science and technology to make Urania a better place, and Ploabot became a highly respected nominated representative for the people.  Now it all seemed to have come full circle in their lives as the establishment turned on them to maintain an unsustainable status quo.  
Ploabot could sense that the future was on its way, and the death of Hanson would not stop it.  Ploabot's phone was small and wireless like the modern cell phones on Earth.  That had been thanks to receiver technology as its energy source.  
Receiver technology had been just one secret to Aungtalli energy that the Ministry of Science, now shut down, contributed for a better future.  Now it seemed like the Ministry was on the verge of finding out that this precious energy, which had been fueling their society, was everywhere free for the taking.  The power structures for control wanted scientists dead who were discovering this so they could maintain their unnecessary energy racket.  A repetitive one-note chirp announced a call on the pocket phone laying on the desk.  A startle ran across Ploabot as he responded to press the answer button.
It had been the awaited staff member call.  Holding the phone to his ear just like on Earth, Ploabot answered the call.  "Hello, if it is Ploabot that you seek,
I'm now on the line.  You need only speak."
The voice on the phone said, "Ploabot, sir, it's now time for me to call.
Hanson won't join them.  His fate is downfall."
Ploabot felt stung by the information even though it had been what he expected.  "I didn't expect Hanson to agree
to betray science to the Aungtalli."
The staff member on the phone explained.  "The story as I have here been given
is that Hanson is now to be driven
back to be put to death in the prison.
Their offers to him he would not listen.
He was offered Aungtalli class status,
which he refused and threw right back at us.
Now the Aungtalli Bishop has said
Hanson tonight is sentenced to be dead."
Ploabot thanked the staff member for the information before ending the phone conversation.  He had expected this outcome for a very long time since this whole mess began when the Ministry of Science got shut down due to the breakthroughs and discoveries they had made.  The more Ploabot worked in government, the more he resented the influence from the Aungtalli, who were chaining down democracy with theocratic oppression.  The gods be damned had been Ploabot's true feelings.  Hanson had been his friend.
 
Ploabot decided to convey this news to Hanson's girlfriend, Veldada.  She was only a girlfriend because they had not yet become married by her bearing Hanson an egg, but they had been trying for a couple of dozen years now, just without success.  Veldada was only 226 years old, so they had many more years of fertility to try.  Ploabot decided to leave the office and take the public transport bus to the suburb in Keshdesh, where Veldada lived.  Ploabot figured he should deliver in person the news that they would put Hanson to death tonight.  Ploabot always felt a special bond with Veldada.  Ever since she learned that Ploabot had been Hanson's best friend, she had gone out beyond her way to make Ploabot her best friend too.  At least that wasn't going to stop after Hanson's execution.  Ploabot shook off the selfish thought that then tried to entertain his mind.
The streets in Keshdesh were still gloomy from smoke caused by atmosphere fires, swimming around the ground to limit vision as it engulfed far away objects and gave the air a particular smoky odor.  Gathered right outside the parliament a crowd of thousands, mostly youth that was still there, day after day to protest the closing of the Ministry, and to Ploabot's surprise, some held signs protesting the unfair death sentence imposed on his friend Hanson.  
They had all received the news even before that insider staff member called him.  Ploabot couldn't determine how many were there because the multitude faded away into the smoky air.
A youth who looked all troopaloo addled approached Ploabot with recognition.  "Sorry for the King's humiliation,
but in truth, you support the whole nation.
We support you, Ploabot, for your efforts.
Sorry about your friend.  We know it hurts.
You can depend on us for reliance
to open the Ministry of Science."
Ploabot mostly just smiled in appreciation and shook hands as the crowd in recognition began to close in on him.  The events during the last audience left Ploabot with the impression that he had been a politician grossly off step with the collective will he represented.  However, now he found himself a hero to the people, or most from the youth counter-culture movement to re-open the Ministry of Science.  Had Urania been so evenly divided into extremes?  "Condolence for Hanson is well suited.
How did you learn he'll be executed?"
Many protesters chirped a burst of smug laughter amongst the crowd while one volunteered an answer.  "No secret kept in the establishment
can be hidden for long from our movement.
We've organized a lot of influence
to learn what news tells us much later since
it's been covered up and then lied about.
We've learned Eromot left Keshdesh without
saying a word and then died in a crash.
News won't tell us what should be a news flash."
The news about Eromot's death had also been news to Ploabot, who had not yet heard anything from the official news outlets.  There had been no shortage of good journalists out there in the crowd.  Ploabot had been hurrying to tell Veldada about Hanson's fate before the seventh hour in the Uranian day made it too late.  He quickly gave a brief speech to the crowd to announce his investigation into the allegation that his last audience with the King had been deliberately stacked against him by an audience made with those allowed to have special tickets.  Ploabot had referred his evidence and investigative conclusions to the Justice Ministry for consideration.  The crowd became grateful for that information from Ploabot, which they didn't already know.  Ploabot noticed that they seemed armed with the information as if he had just handed them a weapon.  Ploabot felt warm from flashbacks to his rebellious youth, when the future had possibilities that were still not shattered by futility.  They were already organizing ways to pressure the Justice Ministry on behalf of Ploabot's investigation as Ploabot walked away from his office building.  He felt empowered by these crowds of fed-up Uranians.  They looked like that future he saw earlier that had been on its way, collectively determined to fix the present.
 
Veldada became glued to the non-entertaining television channel for any news about what happened to her boyfriend, Hanson.  The city had already turned the power back on since Hanson was now in custody, and there were no legal reasons not to allow Veldada back on the power grid.  Veldada had not been legally linked to Hanson because they had yet to have children together.  There had been no news about Hanson on the television, but it did just announce that Eromot and Morgamor had lost control of a vehicle and accidentally drove off a cliff to their deaths.  There had been no doubt in Veldada's mind that it was not an accident, but a murder, another murder.  That became reason enough to start releasing the tears on reserve for the bad news she awaited regarding Hanson.  Then Ploabot knocked on the door.  She got up and opened the front door.
"Hello Veldada, after it has been
too long since I saw you.  May I come in?"
Veldada's eyes filled with greetings.  "Hello, Ploabot, old friend.  
Yes, do come in.
I'm happy to welcome you here again.
I don't welcome; however, news you bring
that I hear in sounds from the song you sing.
My Hanson is to die, even today.
You need not tell me.  You don't have to say."
Ploabot acknowledged that what Veldada sensed, without a word said, had been confirmed.  Hanson got interrogated for hours before being declared a heretic.  Then they sentenced him to die with the Sun's disappearance below the horizon.  They sat together for a while and comforted each other.  There was nothing they could do.  Veldada cried and soaked Ploabot's shirt with her tear deluge.  She loved Hanson and mourned the child she failed to bear for him, who she would now never conceive.
Ploabot, in no hurry, would have stayed with her as long as she wanted.  However, it wasn't long before Veldada seemed in a hurry to send Ploabot on his way home.  He figured that if she had anything up her sleeve, he would be more than willing just to let her run with it.  He left after a final embrace and a promise to call soon to talk some more.
Another reason Hanson supplied himself with an alternate power source had been to use a computer network communication protocol he had developed along with other Ministry scientists.  
Hanson's skills were organization, administration, and leadership while surrounding himself with all the highest educated geniuses he could find for the Ministry of Science he had presided over.  They produced this network protocol, which would be in commercial production now if the Ministry of Science had not been closed down.  Hanson used the communication protocol to keep in touch with the scientists hiding a thousand miles away in Gulfang.  
The network data had been able to flow along the Aungtalli wire power grid, hopefully beyond detection, as it piggybacked on the same wire as encrypted static.
Veldada entered the hidden room behind the clothes in the bedroom closet where they had set up a personal computer device they developed for the communication protocol.  
This personal computer device just got introduced to commercial production recently, which began the signs from the Aungtalli that they would shut down the Ministry of Science if it kept producing success like that.  Veldada started typing the keyboard characters that represented the chirping language.  
Each letter in a word had also been a syllable, typed along with one from four other keys that placed the note on the four scale lines.  Each letter also had a directional or a dot form that determined how to sing it.
Veldada typed, "Ministry members, Veldada this is,
girlfriend of Hanson, and your accomplice.
I write bad news that Hanson is to die
tonight at sundown for no reason why.
In this same message, I also must say
that Eromot was killed while on his way
to join you where you are.  I do not know
what I should do now or where I should go."
That had been all she had to say.  
She had never used this thing but had often watched Hanson as he typed away on the keyboard.  She was pretty sure she had sent the message.  It disappeared after she pressed the send key from the monitor screen where the letters had appeared on the screen's stanza lines.  Something on the corner of the screen started blinking.  Suddenly a message appeared on the screen in response.
"Of executing Hanson, this we know,
but Eromot's death we wish were not so.
Stay where you are.  Do nothing.  Do not dare.
Ministry scientists will soon be there.
Hanson should not die.  We'll do all we can.
We want to rescue him.  We have a plan."
After the conversation, Veldada became glad she contacted the scientists that Hanson gave up his life to protect.  She became grateful for the hope they just provided, which had refreshed her sorrowful disposition even if hope would be all it turned out to be.  They couldn't possibly save Hanson in time.  Veldada thought they were as far away as Gulfang.  That's at least a day away while driving all day long.
 
* * *
 
Eistia started chirping curse noises as the shadow from the flying saucer darkened the sky above him to cast a shadow over the vehicle wreckage he investigated.  The vehicle registration informed that it belonged to Eromot, but the body in the front seat looked more like Morgamor.  He couldn't figure out why Eromot, if that had been Eromot, rode in the backseat squished amongst packed belongings, and now burnt almost beyond recognition.  Eistia felt his imagination getting over-stretched to think the driver could have ended up cramped into the back seat the way that body ended up.  It also stretched his thought, believing Morgamor had driven or did that explain this wreck?  The vehicle had apparent markings from an Aungtalli laser that Eistia had become familiar with during his investigation into Ministry of Science deaths.  He worked the theory that the driver ejected before the vehicle plunged onto rocks below the cliff where they chiseled a highway into the ledge, but then Volock's flying saucer arrived.  There wasn't time to get prints off the bodies or even to search for ID cards.  Eistia quickly tore blood tissue samples from bloody clothing pieces on both bodies before Volock emerged from the virtual particle craft to close down another Eistia investigation.
"Here we go again
what is now was then.
I'm here to stop you once again.
Once again, it's like it's always been.
I'm closing down your case again.
You can not win.
Eistia Uranian,
comply with what everybody knows.
You must leave because this case is closed.
Here we go again.
What is now was then.
I'm here to stop you once again."
Eistia never gave Volock a break and would make sure Volock had to argue his point again as Eistia always protested having an investigation closed down by the apparent culprit.  "There may be more to investigate here.
This scene is more than what it may appear.
The bodies are not what you may have thought.
Maybe Morgamor, but not Eromot.
Let me investigate.  Then we can see
who he really is to tell family."
Volock sneered at Eistia.  
"Investigation?!
Your inclination
is your own imagination.
Case is closed.  End of conversation.
Notify the family.
It's fine by me.
One is Eromot,
not what you have thought,
other Morgamor
that is your closure.
Tell families for sure."
Eistia put up the usual resistance to Volock before conceding to close the case and drive back to Keshdesh.  
Volock returned to his saucer, which lifted the vehicle and the two bodies with a virtual particle force field that suspended them in the air below the saucer.  Volock's saucer dragged the wreckage through the air as it passed up Eistia's vehicle on the road from above.  He knew he watched a murderer removing his crime scene evidence after it got left there just long enough to establish an official story.  'Vehicle loses control on road and plunges to oblivion' would probably be the story told by the news.  Oh, and by the way, it happens to be the ninth Ministry scientist to die they’ll say in an accident since the controversial Ministry of Science closing.  It doesn't take a trained investigator to smell the fasanct squalli* in that thing, thought Eistia as he drove home.  Eistia decided to have the tissue samples tested in this case, no matter what his boss said.  Something wasn't right about the Eistia body.  (*Fasanct squalli is a very odorous bug on Urania that stinks up the area for its habitat to discourage intruders.)
Grega had not accompanied Eistia on the traffic accident investigation because he followed a lead on the mysterious value fraud case.  The guy they arrested still wouldn't tell them who he was.  There had been no record on the guy's prints, but many Uranians lived outside jurisdictions that kept such records.  An ID card one got when born had mainly still determined value and identity on Urania.  However, fingerprints were beginning to be used to purchase things.  It turned out he may have driven a vehicle to the wiffsue house that morning, and there happened to be one abandoned nearby the establishment ever since the suspect's arrest.  An excited Grega greeted the defeated Eistia as he entered the police station after a long drive back from the accident location to Keshdesh.
"I checked that vehicle, and now I see
the owner is the mystery arrestee.
Seems that our man of fraud and value harm
is really well established on a farm.
He owns his own farm just outside of town,
but value fraud is why he came around.
He needed value more than you and me
so he could purchase high-technology.
He commits this crime causing alarm for
he's building something while just a farmer."
It turned out the suspect had been from a farm not far from where Eistia had just driven back.  Could there be a connection between the farmer committing value fraud to purchase expensive technology and the secret location for the scientists Eromot probably headed toward before meeting his demise?  It had been Eistia's job to consider such things, and Volock would not get away with stopping him.
 
A very confident Volock gently lowered the crashed vehicle to the area near the temple where he could, at last, have a look at his latest kills.  Volock took a sadistic pleasure in murdering to serve his Bishop master.  
After that, he landed his flying saucer and approached the vehicle to take on the chore of disposing of bodies.  He rummaged around the bloody clothing for their IDs and slowly produced the laminated cards that all Uranians were expected to carry as their value.  The first was Morgamor, check.  Then Volock chirped furious sounds with cursing when he held up the other ID card from Dolka, the hitchhiker they had picked up last night before the attack.
 
* * *
 
Eromot had stumbled all night along the ravine that followed the highway east from Keshdesh.  He constantly looked over his shoulder at the skies for any flying disks with lasers that might still be in pursuit.  The accident broke Eromot's arm, and he cradled it with his good one.  He was dirty, bloody, and bruised from his last-second escape from the vehicle after finally getting the jammed door open, which got welded shut by the saucer's laser beams.  
The other two passengers were not so fortunate.  Eromot kept repeating the passenger's name to himself after finally remembering it so he could commit it to memory.  Was it Dolu … Doku… no, the hitchhiker's name was Dolka, mumbled Eromot as he stumbled along, a bloody, bruised, mumbling spectacle in the ravine below the highway.
By morning Eromot had been able to make it back up to the highway from the ravine below.  He continued to stumble toward Gulfang since Keshdesh had, to begin with, been where the Aungtalli attack came.  
Eromot hoped that maybe someone would eventually drive by so he could hitch a ride along the way.  The pain in his arm seemed to swell with each heartbeat constantly, and he could tell it needed the shoulder set along with a cast or something for the fractured bone.  The rocky terrain eventually gave way to plains with well-watered farmer fields.  
Farmland greeted the Sun that poked the horizon where the light spread across the eastern sky.  This moment had been a couple of hours before the Sun would become a giant light ball that filled much sky to create a Uranian day.  The morning sky became blue mingled with the whites on clouds and the green from atmospheric plant life that looked like green veins in the mist.  Eromot wished that ripe plant life above him would rain him down something to eat.
Uranians tended to build their cities to the north near rivers as opposed to the southern ocean shores.  The single ocean on Urania had been called Inunia, and shorelines mainly were rocky and subject to violent weather and tides.  To the north were rich farmlands and an ideal climate.  Even the Northern Sea on the planet had been much calmer, less rocky, and better for trips to beaches with golden sand than Inunia.  Ten thousand rivers and lakes weaved across the world, featuring the one central ocean, one salt-water sea, and one major-sized freshwater lake known as The Great Lake.  Eromot stumbled along into the river-wrapped plateau landscape featuring fields and fields with the best farmland on the planet.
Eromot looked at the farm vegetation off the highway.  The first fields were just the grasses used for waffs to graze upon, which Uranians don't find editable.  A waff looked up from the field with a look that dared Eromot to try grazing on his grass.  
It then looked like an editable crop with borchtag coming up.  Near that crop, the house for a farmer passed Eromot by as he stumbled down the highway.  He thought about just going to the house and asking for help but couldn't seem to stop himself from just continuing to his destination.  Ever since surviving the attack last night, all Eromot had been able to think about was to continue to his destination in defiance of his Aungtalli attackers.  Coming up the highway in the other direction, a vehicle with a large flatbed, like a pickup truck, drove towards him.  
Eromot suddenly realized that the attack had traumatized him, and he wanted to run off the road and hide between the rows of borchtag coming up, but the legs that had just moved on through the night kept walking on beyond his conscious control, like being a robot.  
The truck slowed down and stopped by Eromot.  The driver immediately got out and approached him.  As Eromot looked at the farmer's expression, he realized what a bloody spectacle he must have looked like, limping down the highway like a hungry zombie.  Eromot would only vaguely remember the farmer asking if he was ok.  There would also be a vague memory of giving garbled answers, but he will probably never remember what he said.
 
Eromot's memory began again, waking up much later that day in a bed with all his clothes removed and someone draped a blanket over his back.  Uranians squat in fluffy beds on their stomachs to sleep, with their legs folded up like a bird in a nest.  Eromot noticed his arm and shoulder felt much better.  His shoulder somehow got set, and they wrapped the fractured bone in bandages with a sling.  He found himself in a bedroom that could have belonged to a young man, judging from the musician posters on the walls along with female models.  The door to the room was left slightly cracked, letting in the sound from a television device announcing breaking news.
He noticed some fresh clothes on the bed and decided to try to get up.  Hunger announced its presence as Eromot reached to put on the clothes.  He slipped on a kilt and over-shirt.  They were small on him and probably belonged to the young man whose room he must have awoken in.  
Outside the bedroom, Eromot saw the farmer from that morning.  The farmer's eyes glued to the television-like device.  Eromot began to hear the television.
"… We repeat again for who do not know
a daring prison break has dealt a blow
to Aungtalli attempts to overthrow
the institution of science we know
as the Ministry of Science.  Hanson
was to be put to death without a son.
Some scientists, we believe, however,
made a flying ship that was quite clever.
They attacked with paralyze devices.
Took Hanson where no one realizes.
Breaking news!  We're reporting what was done.
Ministry scientists rescued Hanson."
Eromot experienced a giddy thrill from that news.  Eromot had escaped Aungtalli murder, and now he just found out that Hanson had also eluded their punishment.  The television repeated the same limited visual shots from the surveillance cameras on Hanson's transport vehicle.  Eromot studied images with the rescuers that looked like Eromot's friends Nandor, and Silvanin who were carrying strange rifles and shooting at the guards driving the transport vehicle, which had been run off the road.  
Hanson got branded a heretic and was returned to the prison for execution.  Then from the sky came what looked like an Aungtalli flying vehicle, but regular Uranians flew it.  The perpetrators on the TV were Ministry scientists who Eromot had known for years.  Eromot also saw a woman poking her head out from the flying saucer door in the grainy news footage with Nandor and Silvanin as they entered the flying vehicle dragging Hanson along.  He thought she looked like Hanson's girlfriend, who Eromot had met.
The farmer then noticed Eromot and switched off the news.  "Very amazing things are happening.
News didn't just report the prison spring.
The news also introduced to my head
that you, Eromot, have been pronounced dead."
Eromot had not been surprised.  
"My car was under Aungtalli attack.
I lived, but two passengers won't be back.
I'm a Ministry scientist who is
now in disfavor just like the news says."
The farmer said, "No need to apologize.  I'm with you.
Lots of us do believe in what you do.
My name is Oldo, a farmer by trade.
This is the farm and the home I have made.
I fixed your injuries.  You should be well,
but now I must feed you with food I sell."
Oldo made Eromot a delicious meal with borchtag salad garnished with waff meat and waff milk and fresh-baked loaves of bread.  For most of the meal, food had been all that Eromot noticed, and it must have been the best meal he ever had.  He had been so hungry.  
Eventually, Eromot noticed the strange books on the shelves.  They looked like religion or maybe ancient books on philosophy.  Toward the end of his meal, he saw a picture in the other room for the family.  Oldo explained, "My wife has gone to Keshdesh for the day,
My son Dolka wanders, so he's away."
After hearing the name Dolka, Eromot choked on his food and struggled to clear his throat.  Oldo became concerned.  "Try to carefully chew the food in sight.
Your coughing isn't good.  Are you alright?"
Eromot sadly said, "Oh dear Oldo, I am thankful my friend
for saving my life and these clothes you lend.
It breaks my heart, and I'm sorry, but I
Have to let you know why I did not die.
I gave Dolka a ride, which he did take.
He died, and they think he's me by mistake."
Oldo's face became suddenly pale and fell into a sorrowful expression after being filled with such joyfulness.  Oldo sat down slowly as if in shock before burying his head in his hands to cry over the son he just found out was now dead.  Eromot felt awful and started crying also.  Why had life turned into such a nightmare?  Why can't Uranians just be left alone?  Soon Eromot got up and put his arms around Oldo, who just continued to cry louder and louder from his seat until he no longer sounded like an adult.  
Eromot wished he had just kept on driving past the hitchhiker that waved his arm by the road last night.  The regret became a whole new injury for Eromot to heal.
 
Oldo eventually calmed down a bit.  He got hold of himself enough to call his wife in Keshdesh.  He told her about the death of their son, which started the tears flowing again as before.  Eromot just remained paralyzed by pain, sorrow, and regret.  Oldo didn't blame Eromot and said, "Not your fault to survive one out of three.
My son was murdered by the Aungtalli."
After Oldo got off the phone with his wife, he announced that she would be back in the morning.  Then he walked outside into the night.  Eromot could see him through the open door, just standing before a field looking at the night sky.  Eromot's attention kept gravitating toward the ancient-looking books on the shelf in the other room.  Eventually, he got up to get a closer look and walked over to the rack.
The books were ancient and bound by some foreign society, it seemed.  They all looked at least 10,000 years old, maybe 100,000.  Eromot took one and opened it.  The dialect was more complicated, written on extra stanza lines that produced notes he wasn't even sure he could chirp.  As he began to figure out what it said, it occurred to him that it had been a lot like talking to Morgamor.  Poor Morgamor thought Eromot about the other innocent victim from the Ministry of Science controversy.
The book Eromot held had turned out to be legends about Beataphoriah, the devil in the Aungtalli faith.  Eromot recalled stories from his childhood church days that told him that Beataphoriah had been a hairy beast covered with fur that whispered in our ears, persuading us to do evil.  He always considered the Beataphoriah bogeyman to be more a metaphor than an actual individual.  The books now introduced Eromot to an entirely different Beataphoriah character in these legends.  From what Eromot read, Beataphoriah had been more like a king of kings.  He had been a flamboyantly well-dressed immortal character who could work miracles.  All kings on the planet bowed before Beataphoriah, and none could refuse his audience.  Eromot thumbed several legends about Beataphoriah, the great wizard, a worker of miracles, creator of all life, one who brings justice to the oppressed, and advisor for kings.
Eromot's impression from the book had been that Beataphoriah mostly kept kings from waging war on each other, but when Beataphoriah talked, people listened and heeded his words.  Another book on the shelf appeared filled with wisdom verses that Beataphoriah himself supposedly wrote.  Eromot also made out another book to be pre-Dark Age uncensored history, which his collogues would find priceless if it turned out to be genuine.  It had been like Eromot found himself in the home of a devil worshiper, but it also had been like stumbling upon precious artifacts he had never seen before.  
These books documented a time when great civilizations existed long before there were any gods to appease or any Aungtalli that the gods had evolved into existence.  Morgamor had always said that Beataphoriah was real.
Eromot found another book that looked like an apocalyptic story about a final war, which Beataphoriah had been powerless to stop.  Beataphoriah sought out help from the skies.  Strange aliens then invaded the planet from the stars who punished and imprisoned Beataphoriah and established the present Age of the Three Kingdoms.  The book's end documented the lives of persecuted faithful believers in Beataphoriah who had retreated underground to gather in secret places from then on.  The book said that true believers still gathered to hear the voice from Beataphoriah, which had been carried on the winds all over Urania when the last fragment in a day's great Sun became swallowed by the horizon, and darkness shrouds the sky.
Eromot pulled his head out from the books to see where Oldo was.  He had not moved, still appearing as a silent silhouette visible through the open door.  Eromot wondered if he was out there hearing the voice as the book instructed.  He decided to go out to intrude on the farmer, obviously still mourning his son.  This information all was such a coincidence call, he thought.  One day he treated a patient who could hear Beataphoriah in his head, and now he found himself possibly stumbling upon a "hearer,” as if led here by fate or some divine influence that meddled with circumstance.  Eromot felt like he had been on a long quest for truth and now became close to fulfilling at least a part of it.
First, Eromot walked up to Oldo but didn't say anything.  Oldo must have known he would be there, but he didn't move at all to acknowledge Eromot.  He did seem to be distracted by something he listened to intently.  As if he just waited for someone else to finish speaking, Oldo suddenly moved his gaze away from the sky with stars that peeked through dark shadows from vegetable clouds in the sky.  "Out of the city in the countryside
I've heard the voice from the first time I tried.
City folk don't hear it on city nights,
the voice drowned out by energy and lights.
I'm of the secret hearers who are hid.
We all hear the voice as we always did."
Eromot felt coincidence overwhelming him.  He thought for a second that he dreamed, or maybe had been dead.  
Eromot responded.  "I have studied the voice of which you say.
I know the voice is Beataphoriah.
Last night when we were attacked in the car
I drove a hearer as my passenger.
He could hear the voice, but not very plain.
The voice in his ears had drove him insane."
Oldo sympathized.  "That's why there's a place for hearers to go
if the location they could only know.
My people help those who can't stand the strain.
We'd have helped your friend make sense of his brain.
Let's remain silent now that it is night.
Try to hear the voice yourself.  You just might."
They both stood together for many minutes.  Oldo seemed to be hearing something.  Oldo did this often, like praying, but with no petitioning, only listening.  Eromot tricked himself into thinking he heard something a couple of times, but he ended up admitting to himself it wasn't the case.  
Eventually, Eromot just had to admit.  
"Just the song that my memory will sing
is all that I hear.  I don't hear a thing."
Oldo said, "Some don't hear the voice, no sound, not a trace.
It's faith you require, come I know a place.
I am a farmer.  I watch each season.
I believe all things are for a reason.
Come to a building out beyond that fence.
Come help me make my son's death make some sense.
Come, I'll show you what is a great secret,
the church I attend to help with regret.
Come to what looks like a barn in a park.
Many attend there to hear when it's dark."
Eromot got led across a field to what looked like a typical barn on the outside.  Light flashed from the door as Oldo swung it open to bring the dark barn suddenly to life.  Inside, a guy watched the door and quickly inspected them.  Oldo spoke to him and explained who Eromot was.  
Eromot could tell the conversation moved on to Dolka's death as the doorman embraced Oldo and tears began again.  At least a dozen people were all sitting on padded benches in silence, listening to the voice.  The seats faced a green door, like the rectangular door on the Aungtalli temple.  
The inside did not look like a barn, and more shelves with books similar to what Eromot saw earlier lined the walls.  Soon Eromot had been introduced to Arnoediad, the leader for the Hearers in that location.  "Greetings Eromot, I hope you are fine.
I've been expecting this.  You are a sign."
Arnoediad turned to Oldo.  "Oldo, sorry for your son's tragic death.
We're victims, and the one he was with.
None but the Aungtalli caused this by choice.
Your son died in the war against the voice."
Slowly people on the benches began opening their eyes and getting up to talk to Oldo.  All in the room soon knew the news about Dolka's death, and all took it as a personal attack on their way of life.  There had been some talk about finding the crash site and retrieving the body, which became dispelled by the group's fears about drawing attention to themselves by the Aungtalli attackers.  Dolka had been a victim of persecution that they all seemed to be familiar with, and they assured Eromot that two "hearers” died in that car last night.
Eromot had become easily welcomed as an expected sign.  The voice told them all last night that a hearer had died not far away.  That had been all the voice said on the matter.  They told Eromot that they only could listen to the voice, for Beataphoriah had no contact with the outside world from where he had been imprisoned, except for the messages he broadcasted to those who had an ear to hear.
They had met here since before many were children.  Arnoediad had been the previous leader's son and his father a son from generations of these Hearers who had passed away.  Arnoediad appeared about Oldo's age.  One Hearer gave Oldo more bad news about his close friend at a nearby farm that was probably under arrest in Keshdesh for value fraud.  He had been trying to buy a platform for the altar Beataphoriah instructed them all to build.  There had been no concept for bail in the Uranian justice system, so the whole room was left helpless to help their arrested friend.
As Eromot had been allowed further into the confidence of the church to Beataphoriah, they began to let him in on what Beataphoriah had been telling them all these years.  Many had been listening to the voice in this barn most of their lives.  It must be a prominent and unmistakably audible voice, thought Eromot, but he swore he could not hear a thing himself.  He had concluded from the Morgamor research that a chemical imbalance had caused it, which he didn't have.  At least he knew he could amplify the "voice” with a chemical imbalance.  Oldo's friend had been on a mission to obtain some expensive custom-designed technology for their altar.  They had resorted to value fraud to pay for the unique custom-designed parts since it cost more than the value for all their farms to build what they were building here.  Eromot became amazed at such unquestionable loyalty to a voice in their heads.
They were so sure that they heard this voice correctly, and it told them that Eromot just had to see the altar they were building.  After a calm discussion amongst the members, they agreed to let Eromot see the most sacred secret in their barn church.  Arnoediad opened the green door that the benches were facing and invited Eromot in.
Inside the room, a rectangular platform about the size of a small room filled the larger space.  The stage had been painted blue with edges that rose a few inches above the base.  Inside the platform swirled a kaleidoscope of complicated technology and coaglium wiring.  Eromot thought he identified a self-charging receiver technology power source.  Eromot thought he recognized it from an experimental model about a concept they were working on back in his open Ministry of Science days.  The whole contraption displayed arrays with delicate electronics and circuitry beyond Eromot's medical school knowledge.
Arnoediad introduced this to Eromot as he entered the room.  "It's the altar we're instructed to build,
the altar for which, Oldo's son was killed.
You, a scientist, know complexity.
We need your knowledge, not just your pity.
One of us is in jail now just because
we make this, but we don't know what it does."
Eromot had primarily been a doctor for pharmacology, so that he couldn't help them much.  Eromot did know others that could help them.  So it became decided that the hearers would help Eromot get to Gulfang to enlist their help with this altar.  He learned that they were building the legendary altar of Saint Vongolath.  They believed they had upon their shelves with books, a copy of the altar instructions by Saint Vongolath.  The voice they heard filled in the blanks that were left obscure by their book, which the legendary Saint Vongolath himself had supposedly written.  The articulation told them to build this altar and take it to the well-known holy altar site for Saint Vongolath, where all would be revealed to those who sacrificed themselves by standing on the altar at nightfall.
Eromot had never interpreted the well-known legend about this altar to be such a complicated electronic device.  According to the popular modern-day account, offensive anti-Aungtalli symbols covered the altar with what got Vongolath labeled a heretic.  Therefore the Aungtalli put Vongolath to death.  Upbringing always taught Eromot that Saint Vongolath had been a racist anti-Aungtallite.  Many people, however, insisted on his sainthood as a martyr due to the miracle of Saint Vongolath.  Therefore the Aungtalli religion reluctantly allowed the Saint Vongolath blasphemy.
It had been a legend from the Dark Ages before the Aungtalli managed to get a grip on the recording of history.  During one among many Dark Age plagues, which the Aungtalli species always seemed conspicuously immune to while Uranians suffered, Vongolath embraced the blasphemy of listening to Beataphoriah.  The voice told Vongolath to build a unique altar at a particular location, and Beataphoriah would deliver the Uranians from the deadly plague that threatened them with extinction at the time.  Vongolath spent many years hearing and wandering the entire planet to find the sacred location, which turned out to be about 500 miles southwest from the great Aungtalli temple to the divine energy today.
The gods were offended before Vongolath could build his demonic altar and instructed the Aungtalli to put him to death.  Eromot's understanding about the legend had been that because they stopped the evil Vongolath in his attempt to worship the devil, the gods, therefore, showed mercy on Uranians by creating the miracle of the holy light at the exact location Vongolath sought to defile.  Others from Uranian descent have begged to differ with the history rewriting Aungtalli.  Over the years, the holy site became known as the sacred site to the altar of Saint Vongolath, near the city of Svervus.
It is a phenomenon that Ministry of Science members have never been able to explain, and the Aungtalli won't describe it as anything other than a miracle from the gods.  At the holy site to Saint Vongolath, every night just after sunset, there is a flash of light that appears just for an instant and then is no more till it happens again the next day.  It has happened every night, without fail, on Urania since the Dark Ages days during Saint Vongolath.  According to legend, this flash of light healed thousands among would-be plague victims when they stood in the location at the moment it happened.  Modern-day scientists conclude that there are no observable healing effects with exposure to this mysterious light.  It appears to be a primarily harmless light flash similar to the aurora borealis show often observed above the great Glacier Mountain at the North Pole.  Many put forward theories to explain the miracle, from a reflection phenomenon to a chemical reaction specific to the area where certain compounds release light when triggered by the sundown temperature drop.
Others prefer to embrace the miracle explanation, and every day there were still a couple of hundred pilgrims who went there to be healed by the miracle of Saint Vongolath.  It remained an ancient pagan tradition that the modern Aungtalli religion had adapted to control its interpretation.  This mysterious nightly light flash had been one side to a teleportation routine Beataphoriah, from its prison, eventually managed to program its star-door to do every night.  This teleportation signal had been one of many escape probabilities it worked on for many thousand Earth years now.  It just needed a teleportation platform in that location to anchor the other side to the wormhole sequence with a portal matrix when it occurred at night.  
The altar that Saint Vongolath was trying to make had been a high-tech teleportation platform.  The light signal would instantly teleport anyone standing on a properly constructed teleportation platform located at that location during the moment for the miracle of Saint Vongolath.  It would teleport them inside the Tze-Doldus star-door located deep beneath the great Glacial Mountain at the North Pole on Urania.
 
* * *
 
Around forty Earth years earlier, another significant history happened between Goag Ralus and the Golimechoid civilization at Poa.  Begalius had been still away from objective reality appearances while trying to rid the Dol star-door from the quanta-nanocode virus attack.  Goag Ralus began teaching the Poa Golimechoids what He had learned about generating disconnected wormholes, which Deliadre helped Him create to bring the Dol star-door from the star Dol to Goag Ralus.  If only the Dol star-door worked.  Deliadre and the Eigalli were trying to construct some similar concept in a platform to allow a Poa-3 wormhole to connect with Goag Ralus without the help from the Dol star-door.  Those attempts ultimately only enriched the appreciation for the miraculous and impossible-to-duplicate technology in those Nephaprican star-doors.
The knowledge about disconnected wormholes conveyed to the Golimechoid by Goag Ralus did revolutionize what had been possible for the Golimechoid to do with their Poa-3 star-door.  A disconnected wormhole had been one not anchored by another star-door, portal matrix, or teleportation platform.  The base of the original wormhole technology created two time/space portal matrix points that were quantum-synchronized to exist in the same place regardless of the distance between those two points.  A disconnected wormhole synchronized these two time/space points to the wormhole differently by using only one star-door to create both portal matrix points.  Goag Ralus invented the technology to imitate another star-door capable of being linked to a wormhole matrix point at the Dol star-door.  
Goag Ralus figured out how to make a disconnected wormhole by building essentially a teleportation platform that could receive the Dol star-door itself, while the star-door became engulfed by the red giant star.  He created a wormhole from Dol to the core of Magphoreus.  However, to teleport the entire star-door, the Dol side of the wormhole had to be disconnected to make the Dol star-door exist at Goag Ralus.  That is the story about how Goag Ralus created the first known one-sided wormhole.  He solved the problem by using the red giant star that had swallowed the Dol star-door to provide enough energy for the wormhole event.  The Poa-3 star-door had been only fueled these days by a fusion reactor array that Golimechoids constructed after the star Poa died to become a spinning pulsar.
However, the Poa Golimechoids were able to use this knowledge from Goag Ralus to create disconnected wormholes at a limited distance.  They still could reach vulnerable places in the surrounding Grulmagof galactic civilization.  A disconnected wormhole brought Bleeptoo and his suicide squad with demolition experts to the construction site for the fifth Grulmagof pyramid ship.
The great pyramid-shaped battleship had been constructed in space above a more industrial planet in the Grulmagof Empire.  Giant mason particle generators were getting fixed below the top point of the whole ship.  Below, the craft expanded into a hierarchy with levels for navigation, weapons, quarters, and administration all on top for a base that had become the most highly evolved virtual particle warp-fusion drives known in the galaxy.
Bleeptoo, along with the other members in the suicide Golimechoid squad, was at the point on the space platform where the wormhole dropped them off.  They all paused to admire the skeleton for a pyramid being built in orbit up here, which they were about to destroy.  If the mission succeeded, a wormhole would reappear here in about five minutes, and they would all return to Poa-3 victorious and alive.  If not, then they had already agreed on the dangers of what may be a suicide mission.
Every other squad member carried crude atomic fission devices, while the others had evolved their appendages into lethal weapons to defend the mission.  The advantage from stealth and surprise remained on the mission's side as they quickly entered the base of the great pyramid.
While explosive experts placed their bombs, Bleeptoo observed how the Grulmagof could create such impossible battleships.  They all kept undercover, avoiding the gaze of a giant humanoid personage who grabbed a large, extremely thick radiation shield siding piece from another giant that stood outside near the top of the ship.  These were not machines.  These were giant-sized sentient individuals.  
They were unbelievably strong, with muscular brownish-orange bodies covered only with loincloths, gloves, and boots in the airless vacuum from space.  They had extra-large heads adorned with shaped bumps arranged in patterns as if they had a helmet on, but it had been the shape of their skulls.  These giant individuals were bending and handling large metal girders like they were clay pieces.  Similar to the snake-like Golimechoid themselves, these life forms were unaffected by the airless vacuum of space where this construction took place.  They looked like animated humanoid statues themselves, and their faces seemed fixed in place like masks.  Bleeptoo didn't think their mouths moved at all until he saw one make theirs a bit wider before returning to a frozen state.
Bleeptoo had been careful to get his squad back to the wormhole location before one among these pyramid shipbuilding monsters noticed them.  The giant orange-skinned humanoids were Asuras, who were Devasuras that had adapted to the areas in the galaxy fixed in the phantom matter.  
As opposed to the vaporous partially ethereal form assumed by Devasuras, the Asuras were completely solid.  Their mass became highly dense, and they were virtually indestructible.
It wasn't an Asura that became a problem for the Golimechoid mission at first.  That wrench in the plan came from a Grulmagof guard in a spacesuit who shot one of the squad members with a fine laser beam weapon.  The laser had been weak not to damage the ship, and the squad member had been able to continue, nursing a bloodied torso.  
Bleeptoo fired back with his laser appendage, a lot less considerate for ship damage.  The guard fell, writhing in the agony from a depressurizing spacesuit, but not before sending out an alarm.  They managed to return to the wormhole location, but Grulmagof was in pursuit.
Bleeptoo needed to hold them off for over a minute and a half before the wormhole appeared.  The explosives would go off in a minute and forty-five seconds.  Unfortunately, the minute and forty seconds had just become a lifetime, and the Grulmagof would have them all shot dead in forty seconds as they were already marching gun troops into the engine platform and exchanging laser fire with the suicide squad.
Bleeptoo looked over at the giant who still held a large piece to the wall.  The giant looked around for the source of the commotion.  If he could get that individual to release the metal slab of radiation shielding, it would cut off the Grulmagof fire and maybe buy them the minute and 15 seconds they still needed.  Bleeptoo's mind had decided in an instant that propelled him like a flying snake through the free-fall anti-gravity on the space platform directly at the Asura personage.  As the inertia drove Bleeptoo toward the Asura, the giant personage's mouth widened a bit with disbelief.  Bleeptoo unloaded his arsenal with laser and particle accelerator weapons directly at the Asura's surprised face.  It didn't appear to budge the individual, but the Asura inadvertently released the radiation shielding as the attack intended.  With about a minute to go, the Grulmagof began to stop firing and tried to get out from the released shielding slab's way.  It crashed into the base deck, smashing right through into the space platform below that overlooked the Grulmagof's dreary industrial planet.
Bleeptoo ducked just in time to avoid a piece from the battleship that the Asura had torn off and threw at him.  He now floated away from the Asura but grabbed a pyramid shipside just in time before he would have got lost in orbit above the industrial planet.  Still, 20 seconds, which counted off in Bleeptoo's mind.  The remaining squad put down a suppressive wave of firepower to keep the Grulmagof from regrouping and reaching their location.  A couple broadcasted to Bleeptoo telling him to hurry and get back to them, but Grulmagofs were already sure to shoot Bleeptoo dead before another anti-gravity leap from above.
Bleeptoo took cover and counted down 6 ..  5 ..  4.  The Grulmagof were reorganizing with a sense that time was running out.  Two … One … Just then, a swirl with greenish light became a solid blue circle in the air at the wormhole location, which the remaining squad began to line up before.  In an instant, it became a hole into another reality.  Some laser beams zipped by in vain as the team made it through the hole in three seconds.  Bleeptoo broadcasted a farewell to his comrades, who replied a promise to honor his bravery for all time.  The focus from the Grulmagof and Asura attack then became fixed upon Bleeptoo, the one left behind.  Bleeptoo had been about to be killed or captured in an instant that became quickly interrupted by atomic explosions that ripped the whole partially constructed ship and space platform apart into swarms from molten space debris.
Everything became scattered in a million directions above the unsuspecting planet.  Bleeptoo found himself wrapped around a debris piece that sped at an angle, which seemed to be putting him in the planet's orbit.  Bleeptoo had been badly burned and in pain but still alive miraculously.  It had been tough to kill a Golimechoid before old age overtook them after a life span that never lasted much more than a hundred or so Earth years.  He got badly burned and sure to perish soon from the radiation poisoning.  Bleeptoo found comfort in the fact that the mission had been a success, and he knew he left a hero's legacy behind a well-spent life.
Then Bleeptoo noticed the Asura who had thrown the ship piece at him.  The giant humanoid appeared utterly unharmed by the atomic blast that still flamed in orbit behind them.  The giant flew after him with not even a tear in boots, gloves, or loincloth, looking like his clothes.  Surrounding the Asura's two eyes and a mouth hole for a face, an oddly shaped intricately patterned skull showed other than hair, which resembled the different skull shapes on the Eigalli head top.  It used that skull to speak telepathically to Bleeptoo.  You will become an interrogated prisoner in this war for what you have done!  Death will not be your escape!
The Asura wore a highly advanced virtual particle drive belt, used to gain on approaching Bleeptoo's debris piece in orbit to capture the one Golimechoid left behind.  Bleeptoo knew he could not allow himself to be captured alive by the Grulmagof or whatever alien this was.  Bleeptoo then turned an appendage on his skull and took his life before the Asura reached him.
 
That attack on the Grulmagof pyramid ship construction had been a success, and it allowed for more time while the Golimechoid waited for Goag Ralus to reach them with a repaired Dol star-door.  
During this bit of Magphoreus history, Aquari still weaved through the gas and dust from nebulae in the Carina arm of the galaxy.  Aquari was still not even at the Orion arm for Magphoreus, where the long-lost Tze-Doldus destination still awaited.
 
* * *
(More history from Eigalli databanks)
 
After the Nephapricans accomplished Goag Ralus at the height of the Nephaprican Empire, Nephapricus suffered yet another devastating nova event 586 million years from the empire's birth.  The star-door star Holdus in the empire's heart blew up, destroying perhaps the most beautiful homeworld inhabited by Nephapricans of Nephrican descent.  
This star explosion had been as unexpected, it seems, as the previous events.  Whatever the Nephapricans scrambled to do at the time, it worked to prevent any other star-door stars from imitating the destroyed star in some explosive dance with synchronistic time/space folding technology.  After those first two simultaneous novae, the star doors now bound only 12 stars in the galaxy together.  That terrible event seemed to trigger the disappearance of Nephapricans, taking with them seven star-doors along with an indefinable adhesive that had held together the greatest galactic civilization ever known to have existed on Magphoreus.
After the destruction of the star Holdus, only twelve of the original star-doors still existed.  Among these existing star-doors, seven disappeared along with most Nephapricans.  
After almost 600 million Earth years of evolving galactic civilizations, the Nephapricans remade themselves, perhaps finally genetically solving the problem of not living long enough to claim the mantle for preeminent galactic life form.  The Golimechoid development probably played a part in their remaking.  The Nephapricans, due to short life spans, were more like terrestrial life forms on the level with a mere planetary civilization suddenly handed the secret codes to the most advanced technologies ever developed by inhabitants in a galactic culture.  The problem always seemed to be life span, and Eagolim did much genetic meddling with themselves to attain the multi-thousand-year life span that their species had been capable.  Even shorter life span individuals had still inhabited the infrastructure to the empire, and it began to crumble in the wake of the Nephaprican withdrawal because any actual knowledge about the technology's upkeep also faded with the Nephapricans.
The seven stars Ea, Oa, Pea, Po, Koa, Ko, and Paz, disappeared or were probably destroyed with the disappearance from their seven star-doors.  Each existed on nearby planets in technological constructions with significant features of mountain sizes.  It remained a mystery to this day what happened to the seven star-doors and the stars that fueled them.  Not even Aquari knew what happened to the Nephapricans and the seven star-doors, but few didn't see this historical event as a well-orchestrated great escape.  
The Nephapricans seemed to have stepped out from reality altogether.  Although the technology linked all the star-doors together regardless of physical distances, the remaining still left worked among themselves.  Yet, they could not reach the seven star-doors that had disappeared.  There is evidence that these star-doors still existed, but the seven lost star-doors could not be contacted by the remaining five.  
The empire continued under the less evolved governments with more common life forms, which still could use the star-door technologies from the stars Dol, Yat, Poa, Tze, and its white dwarf companion Tze-Doldus.  These stars stretched the fading remnant civilizations further away across the galaxy.  Fragmentation continued to set in this more temperamental version of a galactic empire that rose and fell into three, possibly four dynasties to encompass the last 114 million Earth years age of galactic civilization.  The fading of this culture also faded the 4 billion Earth yearlong Second Age for Magphoreus, which resulted in the present, 3rd Galactic Age where our planet Earth now evolves life.
Nephapricus then began to fall after the Nephaprican's disappearance, along with its much-coveted glory by the life forms who inherited the abandoned infrastructure.  In the mere mortal hands of other life forms fortunate enough to have gained the acquaintance with the legendary Nephapricans to inherit the empire, much became lost and dysfunctional with the passing millennia.  The once-great realm fractured and began to crumble into disarray, rivalry, war, and economic hardship.  Then the red giant star Tze burned out its fuel and collapsed into a supernova around 600 million years after the star cluster Nephaprican Empire began.  The original star cluster arrived at the ends of their lifetimes.  The disarray from this period contributed to the loss altogether of Tze-Doldus, the white dwarf star that orbited Tze, and it probably survived the Tze nova event.  The location of this dim white dwarf star got lost in antiquity.  
If the star-door at Tze-Doldus existed, it malfunctioned.  It is understood by those who have since acquired knowledge about this 2nd Galactic Age time that Tze-Doldus did still exist.  The Tze-Doldus star-door seemed to have undergone a similar malfunction that the seven disappeared star-doors also went through.  In other words, it had been likely that the Tze-Doldus star-door still existed, cut off from the remaining three star-doors like the seven lost star-doors, and therefore probably connected to, and could reach those long lost seven star-doors.
 
* * *
 
An hour or so after Veldada contacted the underground Ministry of Science, she saw the news on the television device that they were still keeping the prisoner Hanson in the Aungtalli temple for questioning.  Then she heard a strange hum coming from her backyard.  Looking out a window revealed that an Aungtalli flying saucer landed in the backyard.  The horror from the moment made Veldada consider running out the front door.  
Was the Aungtalli now after her for questioning?  Maybe they were going to search the house again?  They would confiscate Hanson's computer with the communication protocol, which she barely had been able to hide away from them before.  The shiny flying saucer had a lit dome on the top surrounded with light patterns.  The bottom to the saucer had similar lights and landing gear that extended to crush patches of greepops and lavardings that Veldada planned to harvest that afternoon before dinner.  
The shiny silver side gave way to a door that opened to become a ramp.  Maybe the Aungtalli were releasing Hanson, she thought.  No!  Veldada began to turn around toward the front door.  Before she could break out into a run for the door, the corner of her eye saw two ordinary Uranians emerging from the saucer.  She recognized one as Thrandu, a prominent scientist from the Ministry among those who fled to Gulfang.  
She stopped the impulse to run and watched the two approach the back door and knock.  The Ministry told her they had a plan, and she had to wait there.  It appeared the Ministry had now evidently arrived here.  So she allowed her courage to return and answered the back door.
“Hello Veldada, it is I Thrandu.
This is Silvanin.  We are here for you.
This is an artifact back-engineered.
You probably thought it more to be feared.
We are here to fly it to the rescue
of Hanson in transport before it's through.
This flying vehicle is just as good
as what Aungtalli fly.  At least, it should
succeed with its lasers and soaring speed
to rescue your husband from prison freed.
So pack up some things your stay here is through.
We're back to Gulfang with Hanson and you."
Veldada felt in shock at what had happened.  Thrandu gently persuaded her to find what she would bring along.  Silvanin introduced himself as security for the rescue mission.  He explained that sources in their network had revealed that a transport vehicle had been dispatched to the Aungtalli temple to pick up the prisoner Hanson, now severely injured from the torture.  Hanson had remained defiant and so became sentenced to death tonight.  Silvanin's words fueled Veldada's packing with more and more urgency, and she soon got ready to lock up the house and leave.
Veldada got led up the ramp into the flying saucer.  Within, it looked about the size of a small studio apartment.  The interior had seating for guests in the center to the circular saucer cabin with other chairs at controls around the sides in the round room.  Veldada put her bag of belongings on one central seat, also piled on with gear and belongings for the mission.  Thrandu introduced her to Girithron, who had been the expert on flying their rebuilt ancient flying machine.  Girithron worked some controls accelerating the saucer off the ground at the time, so he barely acknowledged the introduction with a glance.


The Ministry of Science Lands in Veldada’s Backyard.

Other mission members introduced themselves to Veldada.  The other member on the security team had been Nandor, who also happened to be Silvanin's brother.  They armed themselves with paralysis weapons that were also back-engineered from artifacts discovered by the Ministry of Science, which also were why the Ministry got disbanded.  Handirlas had been talkative and quick to introduce himself.  He was the analytical one, always good for accurately calculated probabilities and statistics.  Then Curvfin had been known as the crafty one.  Eventually, the silent one in the corner busy with some control panel repairs got up to introduce himself as Salmar.
This rag-tag band of exiled scientists armed with Aungtalli-like technologies was hopeful the mission would go as planned.  They had flown to Keshdesh before Veldada had sent her message.  They got inside information about the plan to transport Hanson back to the prison in a security vehicle.  The mission would disable the car from above with powerful laser weaponry built into their flying saucer.  Then with paralysis technologies, they would undermine the security guards without harming them and fly Hanson away.  Handirlas acknowledged that he calculated it had only a 72% to 76% probability for success.
The plan from these Uranian rebel scientists almost worked as planned.  They observed the transport vehicle arriving at the Aungtalli temple to pick up a bloody and beaten Hanson.  Veldada pressed against the viewport to get a glimpse of her man.  
Hanson appeared a broken man who the day's questions had severely injured.  They flew above the transport, which looked like a moving dot on a map of Keshdesh from the flying saucer viewport.  Inside the saucer’s artificial gravity, the only clue that you were moving at all would be the scenery zipping by the viewports like something on television.
When the transport approached the remote area that they agreed upon as the place to stop it, Thrandu ordered Curvfin to fire the laser weapon.  Curvfin already looked anxious to use the laser controls where he sat.  Repeated pulse laser blasts shot from the saucer to cause the transport to lose control.  It drove off the side of the road into the ravine with pod-pollen and cerfusius trees.  
A tree put the transport's journey to an end near the place where the saucer then chose to land.  That part of the mission went just as planned, but the plan began to unravel as security guards shot particle projectile weapons at the crew before they could even get out from the saucer door.  
Nandor and Silvanin poked paralysis rifles out the saucer entrance to return fire.  Nandor yelled out.  "We are stuck on the ship we are upon.
They're out beyond range for this weapon!"
They brought along weapons from an ancient culture that they discovered among ruins in the Southern Desert.  That ancient culture had mastered remarkable technologies.   These were weapons that shot energy out from a rifle.  A Uranian hit by this energy beam was rendered unconscious and paralyzed for at least several minutes.  They were, however, having bullets shot at them that were much more effective at the range they were.
Silvanin pulled a regular Uranian pistol that shot 4.7-millimeter projectiles from a 15 round clip with bullets packed with the Uranian equivalent for gunpowder.  "I know we said no harm to be done,
but I'm resorting to a basic gun!"
Silvanin shot back, which did seem to stop the bullets from being shot their way for a couple of seconds while halting the guard's advancement.  Veldada found cover by the chairs in the center to the saucer and wondered if these scientists were any good at being warriors for all their undeniable Uranian courage.  Suddenly the tide turned by a laser blast from the saucer that sent the security guards running away from them.
"I know shooting now can hurt landing gear,” said Curvfin.
"No damage done.  Now move on out of here."
Nandor and Silvanin didn't need to hear that twice.  They both stormed the vehicle wedged in with the tree it hit.  It had been like a bulletproof van with a sliding door on the side.  Before they could get to the cracked side door, someone shot at them from inside.  Both Nandor and Silvanin got prone in response, and Silvanin immediately responded with more gunfire from his pistol.  
While Silvanin did that, without a word, the other brother Nandor got up to move around and point his paralysis rifle at a better angle through the transport vehicle side door.  It turned out the paralysis weapon was at a more effective range that time and an energy beam fired in the doorway.  
Then out dropped an unconscious Uranian security guard on the ground outside the vehicle.  More bullets then pelted the doorway from the guards outside as both Nandor and Silvanin entered the transport vehicle through the cleared side door.
They found Hanson shackled on a bench inside the vehicle.  He tried desperately to perk up and smile at his friends.  He seemed to struggle to remain conscious.  "Enough, Hanson, there is no time to talk.
We must rescue you now out of this lock,” said Silvanin, who looked around for a key.
Nandor tried to leap outside to check the unconscious security guard for keys, but he became forced back into the transport vehicle by gunfire from the guards who had been chased away earlier by the saucer laser.
"Enough of all this.  Here's the key I've got,” said Silvanin.
"Brace yourself, Hanson.  I need just one shot."
Silvanin's pistol fired with a loud bang, and a bullet broke through the shackles.  With some rattle and a pull, they got Hanson free.
Then came the next turn for the worse as they began to shoot out from the vehicle door because the guards were outside firing inside to trap them.  Those guards had already called in for backup, and time had been running out for the rescuers.  Excruciating moments dragged on as bullets spit into the vehicle, and Silvanin's 15 round clip required replacing.  They both began to feel the mission started to fail, while Hanson just seemed indifferent.  At the time, he genuinely became satisfied enough that they tried to rescue him at all.
Before the guards firing at them could begin shouting out the terms for Nandor and Silvanin's surrender, which they were about to do, they became flanked from behind by Thrandu and Handirlas, who crept up on them with paralysis weapons.  Then the shooting stopped, and Thrandu yelled out.  "Do not give up!  Your companions are here!
The guards are out now!  The coast is now clear!"
Hanson just wearily pulled what passed for a Uranian smile across his bloodied beak-like teeth while Nandor and Silvanin helped him from the transport to the saucer.
Veldada's worry began to subside as Thrandu and Handirlas returned through the entryway first.  They both turned around to encourage Nandor and Silvanin, who pretty much dragged a haggard and beaten Hanson along.  She got out from behind the chair cover to join the others at the door.  They were cheering on the rescuers.  
They were almost to the flying saucer as the guard paralyzed earlier near the transport vehicle side door began to awaken and strain against the paralysis.  Nandor, Silvanin, and Hanson were still visible in front of the crashed transport vehicle from the ground while the guard still held a pistol in his paralyzed hand.  The guard's hand with the gun slowly rose against the severe paralysis in the last fit of will.  An incredible shot the guard would later believe missed, fired from his pistol.  His gun fired from a trigger finger that almost failed to move at all.
At last, Nandor, Silvanin, and Hanson entered the saucer, and Hanson's eyes widened at the sight of his lover, Veldada.  They both embraced as Hanson and Veldada relaxed in a central chair while the horror from the day finally started to drain away.
Veldada ran her hands over Hanson and said, "My true love, they would have killed you tonight.
To no longer see you, my greatest fright."
Hanson turned loving eyes on her saying, "Veldada, my love, my one last regret
was not giving you a child since we met."
A tear appeared in Veldada's eyes.  
"Hanson, my love, don't worry because I'm
glad you are back to keep trying with time."
Then Hanson said, "Veldada, I feel my life is now through.
I've only time now to say I love you.
Please, I'm so sorry … but let me explain,
… I'm only just noticing this new pain."
Veldada quickly ran her hand behind Hanson's back and pulled it up, covered red with blood.  Then she screamed as Handirlas yelled out.  
"Emergency!  Something happened before
Hanson was safe.  There's now blood on the floor."
Then a flurry of Uranians ran around as Hanson had been laid on his stomach to reveal a bullet wound near his left shoulder.  Someone produced bandages to stop the bleeding that quickly became a large bright red puddle that they were splashing through in the panic.  Veldada cried and laid next to Hanson on the floor, their eyes joining in a painful mutual realization.
His body became so riddled with the marks from torture and bruises that the bullet wound seemed almost camouflaged if not now for the gushing fresh blood.  Veldada ran her non-bloody hand through Hanson's hair to comfort him while the bleeding finally stopped.
Thrandu became choked up with regret but managed to say.  "Sorry, Veldada.  Oh, where to begin.
I'm afraid we can't stop bleeding within."
Veldada begged Hanson to hold on as pure black clouds sped by outside the viewports in the night sky.  They could be back at Gulfang in less than an hour with the virtual particle-driven saucer.  He would be safe from execution in a Gulfang hospital.  Hanson slipped unconscious after the last assurance to Veldada that he loved her and that the rescue had not been a complete loss because he did have one last cherished glimpse from her to take with him.  Then Hanson died in Veldada's arms.

Chapter 9:  The Coming of Aquari

Over sixty Earth years since Aquari departed Goag Ralus, he finally arrived at the star Tze-Doldus in the Orion arm of Magphoreus.  Aquari remained true to his intercept course with the small white dwarf star until it finally showed up in his infrared spectrum vision.  Aquari probes the skies during his journeys with infrared vision along with frequencies in the light spectrum beyond human comprehension.  
Before Aquari arrived, he suddenly veered off course to stop at a nearby star about 100 light-years away from Tze-Doldus.  There, for reasons even Aquari might not know, he examined the vast water world that elliptically orbited a star burning slightly larger than Earth's star.  It had been a natural star system that lacked many complex molecules and elements that are the signatures for a star system created by a Goag Ralus dust cloud.
Aquari orbited the water world several times.  The cosmic entity detected no intelligent life, but the seas nursed all aquatic life beneath a thick nitrogen atmosphere that warmed under the powerful Sun and a very active molten core giving the planet a powerful magnetic field.  No apparent reason presented why Aquari stopped there to digest data on the system.  Maybe it had just been on a whim or to seek out something from some other unrelated part of Aquari's story.  Aquari often just does things like this in his constant synchronicity dance with the cosmos.
Water worlds are usually much more extensive than planets like Earth and would compare to more minor gas giant planets like Neptune.  With life's primary ingredient in abundance, they often thrive with life when warm enough.  Eventually, Aquari stopped orbiting the water world to continue the last hundred light-years to the star Tze-Doldus, home to a known legendary star-door from the ancient aliens called Nephapricans.
Thus Aquari entered the star system for Tze-Doldus, which still held three planets in orbit around its intense gravity.  Aquari wondered if Beataphoriah, the star door quanta-optic-nanocode entity, had something to do with the profound balance in this newer version for the Tze-Doldus star system.  The star-door planet, Tze-Doldus-2, orbited in a habitable zone; cradled by the protective orbits from the two formidable gas giant planet's, Tze-Doldus-1 and Tze-Doldus-3.  Aquari retrieved memories from the old star system in the days of the second galactic age when Tze-Doldus orbited a red giant star called Tze.  In those days before Tze exploded to break up the binary pair, the gas giant now closest to the star Tze-Doldus used to be the fifth planet from the star.  
The other gas giant used to be Tze-Doldus-7, and now they were all arranged in the best possible way to shield the life-giving world from the worse asteroid collisions likely to result from the death of a nearby star.  Aquari looked forward to finding Beataphoriah to ask it about that.
As Aquari approached the star, Tze-Doldus didn't look so good.  Sunspots covered the luminary all over like the most acne-plagued adolescent, and many sunspots bubbled and festered in magnetic force lines and plasma geysers.  
The overall view from the star resembled an egg covered in cracks that were just about to burst with hatching something.  Aquari knew it wouldn't be the first time his coming would coincide with the death of a star, and Aquari could see that Tze-Doldus was not long for this world.  It seemed as if something else hammered away at it, trying to shatter it, and whatever that was, it was close to succeeding.
Aquari considered that perhaps this had been the effect on a mini-star over its lifetime, powering the star-door located on the planet Tze-Doldus-2.  He didn't think that theory computed, but he did calculate that time had been running out.  So Aquari approached the greenish marble between the two gas giants that had been the long-lost world Tze-Doldus-2.  He descended below the cloud canopy and vegetation, which reflected the handiwork from the star-door quanta-optic-nanocode entity that brought this planet back to life.  
Tze-Doldus-2 had been alive indeed, and Aquari noted the evidence for intelligent life covering the planet with roads, cities, and the agriculture necessary to support large civilizations.  The glitter has always exhilarated Aquari from lights that intellectual life likes to cover over their planets.  The planet itself had been a single continent that outgrew the atmospheric plant life long ago.  Beataphoriah must have used the atmospheric plants for nursing the planet's infancy to the now lush green surface of a world teeming with all life.
Aquari quickly located the star-door, which stuck out on the planet's single continent like a giant white wart.  It showed itself as a perfectly circular mountain 700 miles in circumference covered in a thick icy glacier.  
The planetary wart had been the great Aungtalli Mountain, which Aungtalli species got named after for reasons that remain a mystery to Uranians.  Uranians speculate that the gods created the offshoot species deep beneath this legendary mountain where the gods still dwell in an underground city that Uranians call Knoxen.  The Aungtalli Mountain was the only place to find snow, leaving the remaining planet balmy and tropical.  
This mountain featured the planet's only glacier, which capped the entire dome-like mountain, adding about 200 miles to the 100-mile diameter of the star door.  It had been a perfect 300-mile diameter white circle on the planet when viewed from space.  Uranians had long since explained it away as evidence for all time that the gods were real and provoking them must not be tolerated.  The Aungtalli Mountain was the planet's most sacred place.
The harshest weather seemed confined to the snowy northern mountain and the southern ocean named 'Inunia,' where the weather could also get pretty cold and some ice sheets formed at the South Pole.  
Aquari observed that almost constant northern rains fed the planet's many rivers, which blanketed the land like a net, flowing mainly into the southern ocean.  Aquari could see how this arrangement eventually returned the soil destroyed in the nova event to supporting life again.  Aquari noted the planet's only desert had been barren without rivers in the south where the gold-glowing ground still didn't seem to maintain any life.  
Eventually, Aquari had finished orbiting above the beautiful alien world and prepared to indulge his favorite means for exploring planets.  Aquari began combing the world's populated areas to find a recently deceased corpse to inhabit amongst the intelligent species.

Ploabot had just received a special delivery telegram from Aunt Jabeeb in Gulfang.  He had a distant Aunt Jabeeb, but she didn't live in Gulfang.  There had been no return address with the letter.  
Ploabot heeded an inner voice that told him to just accept the telegram from the delivery worker without asking any questions.  He sat in his favorite chair at home to read the message.  To his surprise, it wasn't from Aunt Jabeeb.  It was from Veldada, and it told him the remaining story about the fantastic prison break the other day.  Up until that point, Ploabot had thought Hanson survived his rescue.  
The Hanson rescue had been victorious news that poured even more energy into a grassroots movement to bring back the Ministry of Science.  Now reality delivered by that letter slapped Ploabot in the face because he learned Hanson died that night from a gunshot wound in the back.  The letter informed Ploabot that they would ceremoniously burn Hanson's body tonight at an undisclosed Gulfang location.  
Veldada asked in the letter for Ploabot to be with them tonight in his thoughts as they scattered Hanson's ashes back into the hands of Urania.  Ploabot let the note drop to the ground with its way too heavy news while he began to cry for his old friend Hanson.  He would be there in his thoughts tonight.  Hanson had been his friend.

In Gulfang, Hanson's body got wrapped in fuel-soaked clothes to be carried to a hillside in a remote forest location.  Veldada picked the place out earlier from the flying saucer.  Salmar repaired a landing gear leg that got damaged earlier that day when Curvfin shot the laser while the craft was landed.  This hillside would be the place for the last farewell to Hanson, their leader, colleague, and their friend.  Thrandu, Nandor, and Silvanin carried the body to the woodpile that Curvfin had soaked with flammable fuel.  They don't have graves or graveyards on Urania but instead cremated bodies to scatter them back into nature.  Uranians constructed memorials in homes for lost loved ones who they believed still existed in their thoughts for all time, but not in a body.  Uranians were much more into letting the dead go than Earthlings.
They all gathered with the setting Sun to pay last respects.  Thrandu had been silent and ashamed that the mission failed.  When it came to his turn to speak, he said an apology.  
“Veldada, I’m sorry.  Oh Veldada.
To say that I'm sorry, I just gotta.
I’m sorry Veldada.  Oh Veldada.
I must say I'm sorry.  I just gotta."
Before the torch that Curvfin had been anxiously holding could finally be put on the funeral pyre to set fire to Hanson's body, Veldada said some final words.  "Hanson, my love, listen if you are here.
You'll always be to me, my dearest dear.
I know there's no child that we can still share.
A child to join us beyond any tear.
But I cherish my memories of you.
They'll always make us one where we were two."
Then she started to cry and nodded at Curvfin to send Hanson off to the great mystery known as death.  The Sun above the Uranian day looked like a dot on the horizon, just winking out from sight on the forested hillside that went dark now with a rapidly ensuing Uranian night.  Curvfin finally would get to set off the blaze that he so impatiently waited to start when suddenly daytime returned.  They all looked around to find the new daylight source, and all beheld a two-dimensional light circle facing them and descending on the crowd.
They could hear something like an audible language in their heads with a male-sounding voice, but it seemed difficult to understand.  "Excuse me.  Please don't light that body on fire.  It would be perfect for me to animate.  I am Aquari.  I am a cosmic entity who has come to your planet to explore and learn more about you."
Curvfin didn't light the fire he had been so anxious to watch, not really because Aquari had asked him not to, but more because Curvfin, like the rest in the group, became paralyzed in awe at viewing Aquari.  Handirlas turned out to be the first to move, and he dug through a nearby bag to produce a camera-like device.  He started taking pictures to document the phenomenon.
Aquari decided not to wait for any permission or response, and so seizing the moment he possessed the dead body that had taken him all day long to find.  Aquari had learned about the rescue from news reports he sensed in the cities.  That fascination caused him to feel that someone associated with that extraordinary news story had died.  
Tracking down the renegade saucer had been easy since it left subtle warp patterns in the phantom matter that was a by-product from the gravitational virtual particle field around a planet, which Aquari could detect.  It had been perfect cosmic timing as far as he had been concerned because Aquari loves company with alien scientists.  They may think crazy misinformed things, but the good side is that they did operate their minds.  Aquari was as much an explorer in this phenomenon called conscious intelligence and sentience, as he had been a faster-than-light photonic explorer of the galaxy itself.
Handirlas photographed away while the others did not change facial expressions except from shock to curiosity.  
Then Aquari descended upon the body for Hanson to disappear in a light flash that surrounded the body.  The body, for a second, flapped on the woodpile like a fish without water, and Hanson's head of hair suddenly became atomized to stand straight up.
Hanson/Aquari slowly sat up and began tearing at the loose stands of fuel-soaked mummy cloth, while the rest there cautiously backed up a couple paces in fear about what happened.  Nobody had ever witnessed the dead come back to life, and Hanson had been as deceased as dead could be for hours.  
Aquari experienced some difficulty adapting to this alien brain.  It had been one thing to intellectually appreciate their poetic language, of which Aquari had memorized a much more ancient version.  It would be another thing to experience the brain that evolved to produce such a language.  
He tried to speak a sentence.  “Fa go blee bo be dory da dory.
I'm a cosmic entity called Aquari.”  
Hanson/Aquari became embarrassed by his poor choice of words.  It had just been the first try.
The Uranians gathering understood about half that.  Veldada just formed the word "Hanson” and finally broke her paralysis to run up to her boyfriend and put her arms around him.  "You're alive, my love.  You're alive, I see.
I don't know how, but you've come back to me."
Aquari knew he could speak Uranian better than the last attempt, and he began to assimilate.  Uranians spoke this language with whistles and chirps much faster than other audible communication methods.  The female who now held him had been an intimate girlfriend.  
It would be difficult for her to accept that her boyfriend was still indeed dead and gone.  He searched the neural hard drive he now controlled for her name.  
"Veldada, you must understand one thing.
I travel space.  This body I'm using,
the one you call Hanson, who's really dead.
I'm from deep space.  I'm just using his head.”  He became much more satisfied with that attempt to speak than the previous attempt.
The others began to close in on the resurrection miracle.  None seemed to believe what Aquari told them.  Thrandu seemed the least willing and comforted the rejected Veldada by explaining that Hanson had experienced brain damage for being clinically dead for so long and that it had been a miracle that he functioned as good as he did.  
He had no explanation for why Hanson's hair stood straight up like an 80's punk rocker from Earth.  It had a universally comical effect for making Hanson look surprised like a cartoon character that sees a ghost.  They brought Hanson/Aquari back to the Gulfang headquarters in the flying saucer.  Hanson's memories explained to Aquari that he had been amongst the exiled Ministry of Science who had uncovered remnants from the ancient civilization that flourished long ago beneath the watchful care of a fully functional star-door now buried under a hundred miles of ice.  Before the closure to the Ministry, Hanson had arranged for the warehouse in Gulfang to house technological wonders that the Ministry archaeologists had dug up in the Southern Desert.  Many artifacts were as good as new, right out from the tomb where they got discovered.  
All over the warehouse floor were artifacts with dedicated scientists who were studiously pouring over them like Earth prospectors that had struck gold.  Hanson had connections with Gulfang authorities that agreed to keep this entire discovery secret for exclusive rights to benefit from their back engineering.  Gulfang existed in the Swerite lands where there had been less loyalty to a Magite king.
Aquari became puzzled at what had happened to the civilization he had once discovered recorded over 50,000 Earth years before on streams of immortal photon particles.  What culture outlaws science?  This alien race should have been ages beyond this evolutionary stage for still acting like a very young civilization, which collectively sees existence through a childlike prism of superstition and religion.  The Uranians had gone backward while an offshoot species maintained supremacy over the star-door technologies.  Now they were confronted with the irony of discovering the future technologies buried in sands from the past.  Why would Beataphoriah allow this?  Once again, Aquari had arrived on a world to inhabit a body of the underdog species.
They had canceled the funeral due to resurrection, but the gathering they planned afterward became a festive party to celebrate Hanson's return from the dead.  They figured Hanson just explained all this to himself with the fantastic traveler from space story.  They just thought it had been his way of piecing together a mind damaged by hours without blood flow.  It amazed the observing scientists that Hanson did so well.  
Even the bullet wound underwent rapid healing that they couldn't explain.  Everyone kept taking turns for a closer look, and Hanson's vitals were almost constantly being taken and recorded.  He appeared to be in perfect health except for an unexplainable gravity-defying hairdo.  Aquari had pretty much given up on convincing them about whom he was, much to the delight of Veldada, who would never leave his side regardless of who he thought he was.  It was good to be amongst friends when exploring alien planets filled with strange creatures.
It had been easy enough for Aquari just to be Hanson since he had full access to all Hanson's memories.  He sampled as much food at the gathering as he could and even got a bit intoxicated by the alcoholic beverages perfected through the ages by festive Uranians.  He enjoyed the food most of all, where Uranians showed the most creativity.  Things like eating were the kind of planetary exploration Aquari existed for as the reward from long, tedious space journeys.
As the night progressed, it did seem, more and more, as if Hanson became somebody else.   Hanson had never really been one to grasp the fine details of the sciences.  He had been good at math but mainly employed that knowledge in his duties as the accountant and budget director for the Ministry.  Hanson had been the administrator who liked to care for all that stuff so that the experts could take care of the scientific details.
Something seemed different about Hanson when he engaged Salmar, the engineer, about the theoretical physics behind the virtual particle drive to the saucer ship.  Nobody knew more about virtual particle physics than Salmar, but Hanson kept correcting him about the counter-oscillating electronic effects and the theories about sub-atomic particles and positronic fields.  It seemed to Aquari like these well-educated scientists were in the dark about electricity and its impact.  That part of their scientific method seemed still enshrined within the realm of magic.  Hanson's memories told Aquari that they had only recently discovered the underground star-door electric grid still operating on this star-door planet.  The Uranians that Aquari had found himself amongst had no idea that they lived upon an ancient star-door world that had been home to the most highly advanced life forms the galaxy has ever known.
Later in the evening, the conversation between Hanson/Aquari and the group's astronomer, Rodenadan, occurred about the nature of stars and time/space.  There had been no concept for a black hole yet in Uranian astrophysics, but they understood the universe to have emerged in the beginning from something like a Big Bang.  Even Veldada could tell that Hanson suddenly understood things that no Uranian could know.  
By the end of that conversation, Rodenadan believed Hanson's claim that he had been a cosmic entity who came here from the core in the galaxy to inhabit Hanson's dead body for planetary exploration.   Rodenadan begged Hanson to speak more with him later.  Veldada refused to believe that Hanson had come from outer space.  She didn't want to believe that.
Later as they all began to retire, Hanson and Veldada got their room to sleep in for the night.  Hanson/Aquari noticed the central-nervous-system phenomenon of awkwardness so typical from sentient to sentient species.  The Hanson brain's hypothalamus triggered various hormone gland secretions that began turning his blood into a euphoric cocktail in addition to his alcohol intoxication.  Veldada had not been nervous and helped Hanson out from his clothes.  She let out her ample breasts for their universal effect amongst male mammal species.  She seemed to be expecting a response from him.
Hanson/Aquari dug through the brain's memories about sex from previous occurrences for it.  Veldada had lain on the bed on hands and knees with her back to him in anticipation of Hanson doing something.  Hanson/Aquari then recalled that male life forms would usually use a phallic erection for this type of thing.  Veldada seemed to be wondering what took him so long.  Hanson/Aquari responded by reaching around and giving her tit a robotic squeeze since that had been often universally considered intimate.  
Hanson/Aquari had complete control over the body's biological functions and began to divert blood flow to his penis.  Hanson/Aquari interpreted Veldada's position to be an invite for intercourse.  He noticed female Uranians didn't have tails, but men did.  No tail appendage made her rear pointing at him seem all the more like a gesture that requested intercourse.  Hanson/Aquari pushed his erect penis between Veldada's legs, searching for a moist vaginal entrance.  Soon it all seemed to fit together, and he humped her.  Her moans seemed to indicate that he had interpreted the situation correctly and had been on the right track.
Aquari began to enjoy the endorphin effects on Hanson's brain with each pelvic thrust that also produced frequent sensation effects that were sparking along with Hanson's central nervous system.  It had been a long time, and sex tended always to be shrouded in difficult-to-understand mores and taboos, which made exploring this aspect to an alien species all the more a rare occurrence.  Hanson/Aquari figured he did everything correctly and thought he had been quite the experienced intergalactic lover.
Veldada began to enjoy the sex, but nothing else that had happened that night managed to make Hanson seem more like a completely different Uranian.  She got caught off guard when he just sprung an erection and started humping away.  She had become used to at least some pecking and a massage or something.  It didn't last very long either, and before Veldada knew it, Hanson heaved an orgasm into the moist entrance between her legs.
Aquari noticed before the sensation symphony reached its orgasmic crescendo that Hanson's spermatozoa were sorely depleted and crippled by free radical damage possibly caused by intense solar UV and gamma radiation.  Aquari then realized that direct hits from solar flares were pummeling this planet.  No wonder Hanson had been so unsuccessful at getting Veldada to lay an egg.  Aquari worked a little cosmic healing magic on the spermatozoa that had been filling the erect penis shaft just before the most enjoyable of all sentient life experiences happened.
Hanson/Aquari became entranced by the endorphin crescendo to his orgasm.  Aquari thought that had been the best way to enjoy a body and even appreciated the highly addictive drugs that the body produced by itself in celebration of the act.  Hanson reclined next to Veldada with one arm still around her back and started drifting off to sleep.  Veldada noticed that Hanson quickly fell asleep, and she figured there had been nothing unusual about that.

*         *         *

Investigator Eistia and Grega worked hard to learn more about the value fraud case.  They now knew his name to be Omnox, who owned a farm outside town.  He had used a forged ID card to purchase expensive custom-designed equipment, for which he provided blueprints.  Eistia got copies for the purchased equipment designs from the businesses Omnox had hired to make the stuff.  They were way more complicated than the plans found on Nickteslo's body.  Eistia couldn't begin to figure out what Omnox tried to make, except that it had been made to plug into another mechanism and would serve as a floor platform.  Omnox wasn't talking and maybe wasn't lying when he insisted he didn't even know what he had been making.  He also emphasized that he worked alone and that it had just been his hobby to make strange things, which Eistia could tell had been a lie.  Eistia couldn't help but think there had been a connection between this farmer and the missing Ministry scientists.
After more futile interrogation with Omnox, Eistia went back to his desk while Grega got a call from the forensics girl he had been getting friendly with on intimate dates.  She worked on the DNA samples taken from the Eromot/Morgamor bodies found at the recent vehicle crash outside town.
At his desk, Eistia could feel the unmistakable presence from his boss approaching behind him.  
"You do good work when you investigate,
but you work on solved crimes, and that's too late.
Omnox goes now to prison.  That crime's solved.
Two die in vehicle.  Also resolved!
Get to work on new stuff in this city.
More crimes where those came from that ain't pretty."
Eistia said, "Sir, I'm just finishing the paperwork.
Proper procedure, I don't like to shirk."
Eistia took an earful from the boss after saying that.  He understood that this had been the routine with the boss, a song and dance that established that he had nothing to do with Eistia's unauthorized police work.  That kept the boss safe from the heat coming down from the boss's bosses in the government, while at the same time, he never really stopped Eistia from chasing his investigations.
After the boss finished yelling at Eistia, he disappeared behind the slammed door to his office.  Eistia muttered to himself.  "I love my job, and what I do for work,
but sometimes I think that boss is a jerk."
Then the phone chirped.  It turned out to be Grega with his new girlfriend, who had proved to be handy in many cases before.  "Eistia, we examined that shirt's blood.
It proves not all our conclusions are good.
One set of blood proved to be Morgamor,
but someone else the other blood flowed for.
That blood, as Eromot's, is not the same.
It's another's, and Dolka is his name."
Eistia said, "That implies that Eromot is alive.
What did happen at the end of that drive?”  Eistia felt revived by the new clue.
"The boy's a son of a nearby farmer
and a mother too.  This will not calm her."
Eistia welcomed an opportunity to leave the office and couldn't help but notice another link between the Ministry scientists on the run to farmers outside town.  "I'll take the car out there to notify
his parents of his death and wonder why
the crash lacked driver.  I'll give that some thought
of what really happened to Eromot."

After getting more information from Grega about Dolka, Eistia drove east from Keshdesh to the farmlands at the foot to the highlands that made up the Keshdesh canyon.  Dolka still lived with his parents on Oldo's farm, which became the first one Eistia saw after emerging from the canyon ravine.  
Oldo and his wife, who didn't seem at all surprised by the news about their son's death, greeted him at the doorway.  In fact, after being invited in, Eistia noticed that Oldo had already constructed an altar with a picture showing Dolka, with burning candles in memory of the son they already knew was dead.  Eistia pushed Oldo on that point, but Oldo only admitted that he "hears” things and that they missed their lost child.
Eventually, Eistia left Oldo's home without a clear answer, but it had not been a crime to already know about a son's death.  Eistia decided to snoop around a bit before returning to the car.  Trashcans were often worth his interest and did prove so in this case.  Eistia pulled torn-up blood-soaked clothes from the trash, which would probably prove to have Eromot's blood on them.  
Eromot must have survived the crash and got treated by this farmer.  That also explained how they already knew about their son's death, who had become Eromot's passenger in the backseat.  Eistia's deductive reasoning concluded that they must have given Dolka a ride, and the surviving Eromot had informed Oldo and his wife about the death.  It begged for an answer to the question about what happened to Eromot.  Eistia didn't want to interrogate Oldo and his wife anymore about that right now.
Eistia figured Volock must know now that the one body was not Eromot, and he still had not notified the authorities about the incorrect identification for the second body.  Eistia figured that would be because Volock hunted for Eromot to still finish the job.  That gave Eistia a bold idea that Uranians pride themselves in making.
After driving back to Keshdesh to drop the bloody clothes off with Grega for more forensics testing, Eistia went to the Aungtalli area in the capital.  He found himself a hidden cranny in the warehouse areas surrounding the backside of the main temple structure.  Eistia looked at Volock's flying saucer parked nearby, probably with other clues about what Volock has been doing.

*         *         *

Before Aquari arrived on Tze-Doldus-2, Begalius, the Dol star-door quanta-optic-nanocode entity, finally rid the Dol star-door of the quanta-nanocode virus the Devasuras used to infect its star-door.  It had been what Begalius did for most of the time during Aquari's journey away from the galactic core lasting over 62 Earth years.  During that time, Begalius remained removed from reality to hunt down rogue programs created on a sub-atomic level in the star door’s processing and memory circuitry.  Begalius hunted the quanta-nanocode virus through a virtual-reality interface program that it made long ago for its entertainment, called the City of Doldoor.
After its initial encounter with the virus central processing boss-program that almost trapped it in an infinite quanta-nanocode loop, Begalius changed its strategy in the ongoing task of stopping the boss program's thugs that were relentlessly terrorizing the residents in Doldoor.  Quanta-nanocode virus thugs threatened the local non-essential, essential, and potentially essential star-door program populous that just wanted to be left alone to serve their purposes.  Star-door programs enjoyed the simulated reality from a beautiful city called Doldoor under the lovely skies based on the ecosystem on the old planet Doldoria.
One such essential program had been a recently wealthy market speculator program that worked the virtual markets in star-door commodity trading, which controlled the heart of the star-door production functions.  Its recent success in the investment market for Doldoor had made Speculator333007 a very wealthy and successful resident in this virtual reality called Doldoor.  
Speculator333007 had also made a reputation for being quite the player in the town's nighttime party scene.  This uninhibited behavior would be sure to attract the attention from the boss program for the quanta-nanocode virus that constantly maintained its grip of fear on the town with drive-by shootings and visits by its big blue hairy gangsters.  The boss virus had already relentlessly established itself as the one who controlled the city of Doldoor since the great one Begalius had disappeared, possibly defeated by the boss.
Two such thug programs that assumed the giant blue Nephaprican body form with long Viking-like hair were paying Speculator333007 just such a visit one day in its office recently located at the penthouse on Doldoor's star-door Trade Center.  They were leaning pretty hard on the flamboyantly wealthy speculator program that with an Eigalli body stood a bit shorter than they were.
"… Ya see?  That's one of your problems Speculator333007!  You don't seem to understand whom we represent here!  So's we are here not just to collect the protection money you've been refusing to pay, we're gonna give you an idea about what we represent too!"
When the thug finished that sentence, the other thug, on cue, picked up an expensive statue featuring an ancient bug-like Doldorian goddess and threw it out the penthouse window.  The explosive sound from shattering glass filled the room.  Then both thug programs each grabbed an arm on Speculator333007 to heave it up out from its chair.  They turned it upside down, each then holding a leg while dangling Speculator333007 out the window over streets that were at least a hundred stories below.
"So why don't we start by you telling us how you came to be moving in on the boss's territory, perching yourself in this penthouse here like you're the new king over Doldoor?!?"
Speculator333007 looked effectively terrorized, dangling above the stone streets below.  Any Doldoor program could calculate that a fall from this height and distance heralded the impending death to a quanta-nanocode program according to their programs' physics.  Still, like the successful business mogul that it had been, Speculator333007 kept a cool head in the tense situation.  "Well, I did well with my stock in the genetic databanks, which saw more business from the Eigalli than the whole Doldoor market has seen in the last thousand teks.  So … ah, I don't mean your boss program any offense."
"Enough hot shot!  You listen up.  You need to tone down your partying entourage every night around town.  You're making the populace too relaxed and stuff, and that's bad for the boss's business.  That brings me to the proposition about you giving us 60% of your wealth."
"I … I can probably write you a credit slip right now.  If … If I could get back inside the window."
One thug said, "You know, forget about it.  What do you get your wealth invested in?  Is it still all that genetic inventory piling up in those warehouses even though we shut that market down?!"
Speculator333007 said, "Ah … Well ya.  I'm investing in inventory for the Eigalli who are anxious for those star-door treasures once this temporary shut down is over."
The thug said, "See there!  Right there!  You don't get it!  Do you?  This shut down ain't temporary!  The boss virus is here to stay.  Begalius is long gone, and that Doldoorman vigilante guy is also going down soon."
Speculator333007 looked confused.  "But … we're an Eigalli star-door now.  What purpose is served by shutting the star-door down?"
The thug said, "Hey, that ain't none of your business.  Tell you what.  Pack up your things cause you ain't going to be able to afford this penthouse when the boss virus gets finished with your inventory."
The thugs then pulled Speculator333007 back in from the window.  They then turned the desk over and ransacked the office on their way out the door.  
Speculator333007 shook broken glass off its suit and stood up once the thugs had finally left.  Then its girlfriend Companion3112114, who had been impersonating a shadow on a table, morphed back into an Eigalli female.  
She looked over at her boyfriend.  "They are going to destroy your accumulated inventory in the genetic databank market, probably tonight since they've decided to let you know about it now."
Speculator333007 said, "I know, my dear.  I was counting on that."
"Sounds like a job for Doldoorman,” replied Companion3112114.
"That's right, my dear, for by day I am only a disguise as Speculator333007, rich playboy investor, but by night I am Doldoorman, defender of justice, the defenseless, and the City of Doldoor."
Begalius likes to tackle impossibly tedious sub-atomic tasks, such as quarantining and deleting a quanta-nanocode virus, in the most personally entertaining way possible.  After declaring itself to be Doldoorman to Companion3112114, Speculator333007 transformed into an Eigalli in green tights with a red mask covering his whole horn and face, which also became a red cape flowing behind a muscular body in green stockings with red boots and gloves.  In stylized (probably Nephaprican) letters, a double-V-shaped logo adorned the costume's chest area.  It held a v-shaped object that looked like a giant boomerang that could also serve as a shield.  It wore a large utility belt that made it look like a superhero maybe named Handyman-man.  Doldoorman then set the disk outside the broken window, where it remained suspended in the air outside.  It waved to Companion3112114 as it stepped out the window onto the flying boomerang shield and said, "I bid you farewell, my dear.  There is a crime to fight."
Then Doldoorman flew away into the jagged terrain of a city landscape while standing upright on a flying V-shaped shield.  There had been much news recently in the city of Doldoor about a mysterious vigilante crime-fighter program called Doldoorman, which had saved many a Doldoor program from the boss virus terrorism by deleting thugs with a deadly deletion pistol.
Outside the picturesque central city of Doldoor existed the grimier warehouse district where much hard, dirty work that maintained a healthy virtual economy got done.  Large warehouse structures stored the virtual information for all star-door products, which arrived here on giant virtual vessels that traveled the misty void into nothing.  Between the cloudy nothing and the something, there had been a vast virtual ocean that spread along a long Doldoor shoreline made with waiting docks and piers.  Here, the nothing has brought in large vessels filled with genetic databank DNA program data in the large crate and container form.  It had been common sense amongst Doldoor citizens that the new owners for the Dol star-door existing outside the Doldoor microcosm as the objective reality beyond eagerly awaited more products made from this genetic data.  
The quanta-nanocode programs living virtual lives in the star-door could only speculate about the existence of objective reality and the beings that inhabit that concept in their physics.  Only the mighty Begalius had been able to cross the void between the two dimensions.
Tonight there would be some different activities in these genetic databank warehouses.  A couple dozen fossil fuel-powered internal combustion vehicles drove up to park outside each one of the many warehouses.  The occupants getting out from the cars were Nephapricans who could only be quanta-nanocode virus thugs in a world inhabited chiefly by Eagolim, some newly created Eigalli, and Incapricans from the star doors days orbiting Dol who all drove much smaller cars.  
They started unloading different cargo from the vehicle trunks.  Their shipment had been boxes of explosives that were sure to sub-atomically disassemble the entire genetic databank cargo currently filling these warehouses.  The resulting explosions would surely return the genetic DNA programs to the nothing void from which it got forged where the vessel programs traveled.  The virtual physics for radioactive fallout would contaminate the city with a spell that only the great Begalius would be able to undo.
Above, there arrived a v-shaped shadow for Doldoorman in the night sky descending upon the vehicle battalion parked at the warehouses.  It pulled a quarantine pistol from its utility belt and wasted no time with the vehicles not yet parked by a warehouse.  Doldoorman had been able to fly by each, sucking out the virus thug contents with its handy pistol.  The empty cars begin to collide with each other as they all come to a halt like a demolition derby that suddenly unanimously ran out of gas.
One thug by a parked vehicle yelled out.  "Hey, guys!  It's Doldoorman!"
Thugs began running out from the pried-open warehouse doors to greet Doldoorman with quanta-bullet pistols as it landed just in time to hold up its shield blocking the bullets fired by the virus thugs.
When the bullet swarm began to quiet down, Doldoorman yelled.  "Now it's my turn!"
Then the shield began to shoot out expanding web-like nets that wrapped around the thugs that were exposed.  Others were behind a vehicle to only occasionally poke up to shoot at Doldoorman's shield.
In an instant, Doldoorman threw the shield, which whorled around haphazardly through the air towards the vehicle, disappearing behind it to emerge from the other side returning to Doldoorman's awaiting arms.
Doldoorman then walked calmly to the now quiet vehicle to inspect the thugs on the other side that were now all painfully writhing in a chopped-in-half state.  Doldoorman mercifully produced the deletion pistol and put them out from their misery.
Inside the warehouse, Doldoorman found some worker programs tied up and guarded by another giant thug crouching in a warehouse built for smaller Incaprican programs.  The thug started to plead the second it turned around to see the crimson-caped avenger in green tights who had come to strike fear in the hearts of quanta-nanocode virus programs.  "Doldoorman!  Please don't delete me!"
Doldorman said, "Fine then.  Go back to your boss program and tell it that its evil deeds will bear it no fruit tonight!"
At that, the thug ran out the door without even daring to fire a shot at Doldoorman's shield.  As the Crimson Avenger untied the worker programs, one in an Incaprican reptile form asked, "Thank you so much for saving us, Doldoorman, but why did you let that one go?"
Doldorman gave him a sly smile.  "Not to worry, Doldoor citizens.  I need one to return as part of my plan to bring the boss of these gangsters to me.  Then I can directly confront the cause of these terrorists, which torment Doldoor.  When I finish with that cause, it will be a bright new day and future for Doldoor.  I assure you."
Doldoorman flew away while standing on its boomerang shield just as reporters and police programs arrived at the scene.  A reporter yelled out to one freed worker program.  "Was that the vigilante Doldoorman flying away from here with its red cape waving in the air?"
The worker spoke up.  "None other than Doldoorman itself reporter program, but I don't think about it as a vigilante as much as I consider Doldoorman, my hero."

After reading the headline "Gangsters Stopped From Destroying Warehouses” the longhaired boss-virus threw the newspaper across the room.  “City Rests Easier Yet Another Night Thanks To Doldoorman!"
It grabbed a long braided hair strand on its beard that it often tugged on when frustrated.  "I want this Doldoorman's masked head brought to me!  Understand?!?"
Two thugs also in the room appeared nervous in their angry boss' presence.  "Sure, boss, but we look all day for it but don't find nothin.  Then night comes, and it finds us."
The boss program thought up something.  "It finds you.  That gives me an idea.  I'm starting to think this Doldoorman IS Begalius, and we don't have anything in that quanta-nanocode loop nowadays."
"Ah, Boss,” replied one among the boss's men.  "Begalius is just being quiet in there like you said so before.  Problem is the only way to find out is to let it out."
The boss started stroking its long yellowish beard.  "I think I know another way to find out.  Who was that Eagolim girlfriend for Begalius, and where is it today?  If Begalius is not in our infinite loop, and we kidnap the girlfriend, then that will bring Begalius to us."
One man said, "That's genius, Boss.  I think it was called Companion3112113, or something like that."
Then the boss said, "That's what you guys need to do.  Ya, see?  Go get this Companion3112113, and we'll lay a trap for Begalius, or else maybe at least we'll capture whatever this Doldoorman is."

Companion3112113 sat in front of a mirror, running an exfoliating pad over her bald light-blue Eagolim skull, and then around the backs to her neck, ears, and shoulders.  She still adjusted to a purposeless void that Begalius left her to occupy.  She knew it would do that after constructing an Eigalli body for it.  She knew Begalius, and Begalius knew Companion3112113.  Begalius left her knowing it had made her strong enough to adjust because it made her that way.  Begalius liked strong, engaging women to challenge its intellect, but it also liked trophy girlfriends who looked picturesque by its side.  That had been the way Begalius was, and for all the tears now long since dried, Companion3112113 would still make a body for Begalius any time.
More hairy blue Nephaprican gangsters that had just kicked in the door again abruptly interrupted her repetitive mulling on life's current misery.  She got up to approach them to suddenly get pinned up against the wall next to the mirror.
"Seen your boyfriend Begalius lately, lady?"
"Nobody's seen Begalius,” replied Companion3112113.  "Word is it left, Doldoor.  I ain't seen Begalius since it took me out to dinner a few weeks ago to break up with me.  That had been after the last time you goons kicked in my door."
That last comment seemed to cause the interrogator to shake its head in amazement.  "Wait a minute.  So you saw Begalius after our previous visit?  That would be after the infinite loop imprisoned it.  So Begalius IS still out there.  Boys, bring this woman with us.  The Boss was right."
Companion3112113 struggled against their advance.  "What are you doing?  No!  I'm not going …."
"Shut up, lady!  This is happening!"

Later, after hearing the news about the Begalius break-up event with Compaion3112113, the boss virus approached the quanta-nanocode infinite loop program.  Before, they were sure they had Begalius trapped there, but now the boss became sure about something else.  The boss hesitated for a bit, as all the pieces started coming together in its processor, and then it turned off the quanta-nanocode infinite loop.  There was nothing after that, just a turned-off program.  It then shook its fist in the air as if cursing the gods.  "BEGALIUS!!!"

Later that evening, star-door programs sat back to watch the evening news or some other favorite computer program after a long day before retiring to free up allocated memory caches and reboot to do it all over again in the morning.  Those watching the entertainment devices experienced an unsettling interruption that featured the blond-bearded blue-skinned face of the quanta-nanocode boss virus next to a bound and gagged Companion3112113.  The virus presented an ultimatum.
"Alright, Doldoorman, or should I say, Begalius, I've got your old girlfriend now.  You see?  If you ever want to see her again, meet me at the warehouses where you last attacked my men.  Time for a showdown!"
Companion3112114 flicked a remote to turn off the message on the entertainment device.  She could tell what Speculator333007 contemplated.  
"It's a trap, you know, Begalius.  Is she that important to you, my dear?"
Begalius said, "All my ladies are important to me, my love, and I don't expect my ladies to understand that."
Companion3112114 thought about both the good and bad sides to that last comment as she watched her boyfriend morph into Doldoorman in an instant.  Then it hopped upon its boomerang shield to once again take to the skies and fight crime.

When Doldoorman arrived at the scene of the last warehouse fight, there was a single black luxury vehicle parked outside the warehouse.  The door had been wide open to invite our hero into its trap.  Doldoorman courageously entered to at last confront the boss virus face-to-face, found next to Companion3112113 tied to a post on a balcony.  The boss virus snarled at Doldoorman through a hairy face with a braid on one side of its long beard.  The boss braided its long straight blond hair behind its back down past its waist.  Over its hulking frame, it wore an overcoat with deep pockets.
Even with a gag, Companion3112113 still managed to say something through a muffled voice.  "Waft out Begawiuf!  Ifs a frapf!"
"Haha, he heeeeee.  Yes, Begalius, and you walked right into it."
The boss virus then kept reaching into its pockets to throw handfuls of tiny beads around the surrounding warehouse.  When they each hit the ground, a thug program would pop into being out from nowhere and begin closing in on Doldoorman.
The first wave with thugs had become quickly deleted by Doldoorman's pistol.  Its shield and gun continued to delete and ensnare in nets, multitudes with Nephaprican thugs that kept closing in on Doldoorman only to get pushed back again and again.  The boss virus just continued laughing and throwing out beads by the gobs and gobs that kept turning into reinforcements.  At first, Doldoorman remained confident that this strategy to overwhelm would not work.  However, after over an hour and a half and over 2,757,300 deleted thugs, they eventually closed in on Doldoorman and brought it down.
Begalius returned to conscious perception to find itself no longer in its red mask and cape.  Begalius hung in the air with each arm caught in clamps that suspended it from above a boiling hot bubbling vat of greenish-brown goop.  The boss-virus still stood next to the captured ex-girlfriend.

"Welcome back to consciousness star-door quanta-optic-nanocode entity,” said the virus boss.  "I don't know how you escaped my infinite loop program, but now you'll have to escape certain doom.  You're now just in time to either submit your services to my control or perish in the vat with superheated quanta-nanocode tar that will disassemble your programming at least permanently beyond repair.  So what will it be, Begalius?"
Begalius, with defiance, replied, "I'll never surrender this star-door to the likes of a pushy autocratic alien attack virus."
"Not all star-door functions will perish with you gone quanta-optic-nanocode entity.  Don't underestimate the sincerity in my programming to turn this star-door into a mountain of worthless rubble."
Begalius then started slowly being lowered to the bubbling vat below.  
It used that moment to implement the same escape program that got it out from the infinite loop trap, only this time Begalius had improved on its control over its death and resurrection.

Begalius as Doldoorman

In an instant, Begalius disappeared from the suspending shackles, and it reappeared on the platform between 113 and the boss virus.  It didn't have the pistol at that moment, so it boxed the boss's ears, which sent it down on its knees, screaming in pain while holding both sides to its head.
Begalius turned to 113 to free her from her ropes.  As she spit out her gag, she cried, "Behind you, Begalius!"
Begalius slowly turned to confront the boss virus that held the boomerang shield.  "You will now regret giving me this chance to destroy you with your own shield, Doldoorman!"
Begalius just turned to smile at 113 as the boss virus skillfully flung the shield like a giant Frisbee at Begalius and the ex-girlfriend program.  The object wobbled in the air toward Begalius like a boomerang while Begalius watched it with interest and explained.  "I made that shield special for me as a trap for you Nephaprican virus.  Only I can use the shield, or else it will turn on the user."
The shield just circled clear around Begalius with the pole 113 got tied to and returned to the boss virus to slice it in half on the edge of the platform.  The legs just did a shaky dance for a while on the ledge.  At the same time, the boss's topside fell into the superheated quanta-nanocode tar below to permanently disassemble into sub-atomic particles and virtual particle energies.
After that, there would indeed be a new day and future for the city of Doldoor.  That had been how Begalius rid the Dol star-door of a viscous quanta-nanocode virus designed to destroy the star-door itself.  Begalius promised Companion3112114 that it had been only a temporary separation and that she was still its girlfriend.  Speculator333007 did transfer all its wealth into 114's hands to ease the blow.  Companion3112113 took comfort in Begalius coming to rescue her from certain doom.  They would always remain good friends in the city of Doldoor, where Begalius often liked to travel to for indulging a virtual ego's self-absorbed quanta-optic-nanocoded imagination.

Somewhere else in the many layers to realities that made up the computer reality in a star-door, the Gardener beheld a bud beginning to bloom on one among the fifteen branches to the Star Door Tree.  The Dol star door would be about to historically blossom a potential connection with the Poa door after a span in time that amounted to several billion Earth years.  
As the Gardener began to curve its lips into a triumphant smile, Begalius at last spit forth from the branch and appeared again to the Gardener.
"Okay!  I finally got that computer system debugged.  All hostile programming is now isolated and deleted.  That took a long time.  I often wonder if I'll ever be able to make computers work any faster."
The Gardener appeared hooded like a monk with just its smile visible, which still beamed away.  "This is cause for some celebration first before you return to the objective reality beyond, old friend."
"It is indeed, Gardener.  Let us now celebrate.”  Begalius and the Gardener held a grand celebration with many guests in a virtual reality corner to the Dol star-door.  It had a lavish party in virtual reality before Begalius finally awoke from its fitful star-door dream that lasted almost 62 Earth years.

* * *

Oldo's Uranians decided to take Eromot south to the city of Dogolas because they saw an Aungtalli saucer patrolling the highway between Keshdesh and Gulfang.  Volock had also pounded on a few farmer doors looking for Eromot.  Eromot's new friends had purchased a train ticket for Eromot from Dogolas to Gulfang, which departed the following morning.  Arnoediad told his followers that time had been running short.  The Aungtalli were closing in on their forbidden religion, and fate had wrapped hope around this impending doom by joining their cause with the rebel scientists.  The leader for the hearers told them that the scientists would help them if they helped Eromot.
They dropped him off near a motel that they purchased for Eromot for the night.  The two hearers sent to accompany Eromot were careful to keep Eromot's identity out from any purchases.  They seemed all too familiar with the powers-that-be's abilities to trace Uranians to their transactions in this electronic value-based economy.
Eromot, while still nursing an arm in a sling, thanked his companions for all their help before they were to return on the journey 500 miles north to their home near Keshdesh.  "I thank you, my friends, for all that you've done.
The trip was hard, but it was also fun."
The day had been breezy with the smell from the ocean since Dogolas had been a rocky southern harbor town that served ocean commerce needs for that part of the planet.  It had been a colder town than what Uranians are more used to in the north.  It could sometimes dip to maybe as low as 30 degrees Fahrenheit in Earth terms.  Aungtalli energy ran trains that linked the Dogolas harbor commerce to most major cities and served passenger needs.
"Take care yourself, Eromot, be careful.
Don't drop your guard because it becomes dull.
They are out there, and they are after you.
They won't stop till they know your life is through."
So with that touching farewell, Eromot returned to his room to get some rest before the morning train.  His companions returned to their vehicle to drive the 500 miles back to the farms of Oldo's Uranians, where they still practiced the ancient religion for the hearers.
The older woman that ran the motel gave Eromot a suspicious eye as he approached the door to his room.
"Those that run from the law or evil do
will have others purchase with their value."
Eromot resented the allegation.  "It is not the suspicions you savor.
Those two were just doing me a favor."
The older woman just continued glaring at Eromot as he went inside and closed the room door on her.  He just wanted to stay here and hide where it would be safe.

Later that night, the covers over Eromot's back were not enough to keep him warm.  There had been no heat coming from the heater.  He turned it on, but it wasn't doing anything.  
Eromot became annoyed beyond tolerance, so he visited the mean old lady at the front desk to get that heat turned on.  The main door had been open for nighttime business, and all the lights were on, but no one stood at the front desk.  
Eromot pounded on the counter.  "Is anyone there?  Hear this sound I beat.
The room purchased for me does not have heat."
A noticeably annoyed old lady shuffled into the room from a doorway behind the counter.  "You have your room till morning, all paid for.
The terms clearly state for heat you pay more."
Eromot stood with hands on the counter, amazed because, as a northerner, he had never heard such a thing.  He started to regret causing the commotion.  "I can't purchase that.  I'm not with ID.
I guess I want heat only if it's free."
She grabbed Eromot's hand and placed it on a biometrics-reading pad that became popular those days in many areas on Urania for value purchases.  "Have yourself some heat, yours for the taking.
We read fingerprints for purchase making."
It suddenly became too late for Eromot to stop her, so he ended up just returning to the room, playing it down, and now enjoying the comfort of a room with heat.  He hoped that little purchase would just be an invisible blip in the system.  Purchases aren't automatically reimbursed to pay businesses these days.  Are they?  Sleep would now be warm enough, but it didn't come easy because he suffered newly revived worry.

Grega's girlfriend tore herself from Grega's pecking on the shoulder and neck when a light on her tracking programs started chirping and blinking.
"Breftada darling, what's so important
you go back to work so pecking we can't."
Breftada said, "Calm, Grega boyfriend, I'll tell you what is.  
This indicates an Eromot purchase.
Not just card ID fraud, but the real deal.
Eromot's alive.  He can think and feel.
This shows he's south in Dogolas city.
Must have run for his life, says my pity."
Grega then had to get this information to Eistia, so he called him.  Eistia answered in a whisper that Grega could barely hear.  He already knew why Grega called and didn't want Grega to talk much.
"I thought you'd be calling Grega.  I know
about Eromot's purchase where I go.
Volock also saw what that value got.
He flies now to there with me also brought."
Grega ended the conversation and explained to Breftada what Eistia told him.  Then he admitted that Eistia had always been one step ahead of Grega's investigations.  That had been why he became the lead investigator for the team.  That would be as long as this courageous Uranian move didn't get him killed along with Eromot.  Grega worried about his partner’s bold move.

Volock's flying saucer arrived at Dogolas within minutes to land silently on the one-story motel roof; its hum drowned out by the sound from the ocean raging against a rocky shore.  It had been late at night, and nobody seemed to notice the fantastic spectacle from a flying saucer landing.
Volock emerged with a purpose and seemed to know exactly where he was going.  The gods genetically bred Volock's species to be stronger than an average Uranian, and his casual leap from the roof to the ground demonstrated that.  He went right to the apartment where Eromot made the value purchase for heat.  His superior strength pulled the locked latch lever till the lock shattered and the latch lifted.  The noise caused a moment of worry that got put at ease when Volock cracked the door to see that the victim still slept.  Volock silently, but with a purpose, entered the room.
The surprising advantage from stealth was still on Volock's side, and he entered the room to find Eromot perched in the bed sleeping with his back to the door.  Volock recognized a rare opportunity to savor his kill at close range.  At first, he thought it was sporting to use bare hands but then realized no, this one had to die.  So Volock then produced a long sharp knife blade.  The point on the blade approached Eromot's throat, which wheezed away the breath from a deep slumber.  Just then, Volock's knife hand got jerked away, sending the knife flying across the room to slam bluntly against the wall onto the floor.
Volock suddenly became in a wrestling hold by Eistia, who had stowed away on the flying saucer earlier that day on a hunch that Volock would soon lead him to the missing Eromot.  "I followed on your saucer as a guest.
Caught now in murder, you're under arrest."
Volock replied, "Eistia, you fool.  He'll now getaway.
You're gonna die.  I'll hunt another day."
Superior strength broke Eistia's wrestling hold with a savage chirp.  Volock then threw Eistia like a football across the room into the wall.
The crash looked painful, but all Eistia could do was ignore the pain and roll right back to his feet.  Police on Urania didn't carry guns as a rule because they were supposed to employ less-escalating means to resolve situations and keep the peace.  That had been no help for Eistia now.  Uranians knew military personnel to intervene in times of civil unrest, and they carried guns.  Even regular citizens were free to own them, but they expected police to be above the need for deadly defense.  Despite the illogical irony from an armed populace, and a disarmed police force, this arrangement worked surprisingly well on Urania, and police became well trained not to need weapons that murder.
Eistia wasn't without a weapon, but he produced the Club Incapacitating Device, which all Uranian police were to carry and train with, to use in a thousand ways with a sophisticated fighting style as graceful and deadly as kung-fu on Earth.  Eistia lunged at Volock, who didn't get over his surprise fast enough that Eistia had got up at all after the throw across the room.  Volock felt the club break a rib.  
Then before Volock realized anything, the Club Incapacitating Device choked him.  The broken rib didn't seem to diminish his strength at all, and he flipped Eistia over from behind to the ground before him.  Eistia gracefully rode back on his feet using the momentum from his fall.  He fought in good form as his training took over to sweep the club under Volock's feet to send him to the ground.
The Club Incapacitating Device could also render an unruly opponent unconscious when applied with sufficient force to particular areas on the back of the head near the base of the neck.  One such swing from the club failed to do that to Volock, who then shook off the effects from the blow when Eistia succeeded in rendering Volock unconscious with a second blow to the back of the neck.  Eistia then looked around for Eromot, who he couldn't find anywhere.
After that, Eistia called Grega and arranged transportation with Dogolas police to extradite Volock to Keshdesh under prosecution for murder and attempted murder.  The Dogolas police applauded Eistia's brave police work.  Still, they insisted that this had been all Eistia's responsibility and that he would probably get in trouble for trying to arrest the right-hand man for the Aungtalli Bishop.  Nobody knew what to do with the flying saucer.  Nobody had been able to fly it, but they made arrangements to impound it back to Keshdesh from the motel roof it parked on.  In the meantime, crowds were sure to gather about the motel to view the rare sight of an Aungtalli saucer.  That would probably have annoyed the old lady running the motel, but as it turned out, the business had been up ever since.  Eistia just felt he did his job investigating a serial killer that had been after Ministry of Science members.  He wasn't going to lose his career for doing his job, and his comrades applauded the heroics.
As for Eromot, the Ministry scientist who once again evaded Volock's murderous pursuit, he had been nowhere to find after the scuffle between Eistia and Volock finally ended.  
Basic deductive reasoning concluded that he might be catching the train at Dogolas station to somewhere the following day.  However, they inspected all Uranians boarding the next day, and Eromot turned out to not be among any that were traveling.  Eistia had to drive a transport vehicle back to Keshdesh with a pissed-off Volock tied up in the car but without Eromot.  It was going to be hard to prosecute attempted murder without a victim.

Chapter 10:  Beataphoriah

When the following telegram from Aunt Jabeeb in Gulfang arrived for Ploabot to receive at his home, he understood the routine and just signed for the delivery.  It had been another letter from Veldada.  He immediately settled in his favorite chair with the opened letter to read it.
“It’s I Veldada as Jabeeb.  I send
this letter as someone else for pretend.
As a renegade, I can just come out
to whisper the news I would rather shout.
I had told you Hanson did not survive.
Now I write to tell you he is alive.
A miracle or something yet to learn
made Hanson alive when he was to burn.
It was at the funeral when a light
came down from the sky on him in our sight.
Then he arose as if only asleep,
tearing cloth off himself on the wood heap.
Now Hanson is alive, and he is healed
perfectly well, his fate no longer sealed.
The light, however, that brought him to life
animates him only as if alive.
The light is from the galaxy of stars
shining out there that are other than ours.
He's back to life.  I should not be sorry,
but he now speaks of another story.
He is still Hanson.  They're in the same place.
I see the same lover and the same face.
He says he's Aquari.  I do not care.
He is my Hanson.  I know he's still there.
Hanson's alive thanks to light that can fly.
He remembers everything and says, 'Hi.'
He died, as I told you.  I had not lied.
He knows a lot more from the other side.
There is something else about Hanson now.
His hair stands straight up, yet no one knows how.
His hair points upward, and it will not lean.
It's the strangest thing that I've ever seen.
He is now back.  He is still my Hanson.
We're back working on maybe a man son.
Sorry for the letter I sent before.
He came back to life and is dead no more.
That's the reason for the letter you hold.
We felt that you, Ploabot, had to be told.
You can reach us with this letter returned
to the return address you should have learned.
I will write again soon.  Now I must go.
Hanson's alive!  I wanted you to know."
The letter had been sensational news for Ploabot, which relieved him from a sorrow's weight now suddenly gone, dispelled by the magic of the letter.  His friend was now not only alive but back from the dead to become now more than just an ordinary Uranian.  There were pictures with the letter.  Some depicted the funeral as a kaleidoscopic circle of light descending on a funeral pyre holding Hanson's dead body.  Then he saw a picture showing Hanson and Veldada together, alive and well.  Ploabot had a photo showing Veldada with the resurrected Hanson and felt astonished by his best friend's new hairdo.  It stood straight up just like Veldada said.  It had been the strangest thing he'd ever seen when included with the fact that his best friend had been dead and now is alive.
 
* * *
 
The Keshdesh police headquarters became awash with commotion and reporters interviewing Eistia.  Eistia sat silently at his desk, surrounded by the other police ordered to keep reporters away.  The news about Eistia's brave arrest of Volock, the Aungtalli Bishop's assistant, had caused a buzz all over the Urania continent.  Suddenly reporters from everywhere were closing in on the Keshdesh police headquarters.  Then Volock became released while someone in the castle, possibly the King himself, yelled at the Chief on the phone in his office.  Everything filters down, and Eistia knew it would be about to filter down upon him.
Other officers around the desk were commending Eistia.  One said, "I can only wish when my time is through
that I am half the officer as you."
Then another officer said, "I'll hand it to you.  It was historic.
You worked up the crowd.  They are euphoric.
It was brave of you and was not a jest
that you caught the killer under arrest."
Eistia just remained silent as ordered, sitting at his desk twiddling a writing device.  Then the group of reporters began to cackle and veered away from Eistia's desk.
A huddle of officers near the jail entry pressed against someone much taller than anyone else in the room with an enlarged bald Aungtalli head.
Volock effortlessly pushed the officers away to move closer to Eistia at his desk.  Everyone anticipated an ugly confrontation about to occur.  One officer that got shoved aside yelled out.  
"You got out of jail, so now just be gone.
Murderers freed here should just move along."
Volock just continued his approach toward Eistia, who still just twiddled the writing device with his expressionless eyes now on Volock.  As more officers got between the two rivals, Volock said, "I told you I'd be let out from this den.
I say Eistia, till we meet again."
Eistia looked like the least intimidated one in the room.  "You have your privileges.  I do not care.
Just break our laws again, and I'll be there.”  His look into Volock's eyes advertised confidence that said he would love another chance to kick his ass again.  The entire officers' precinct then made a wall between the two adversaries.  If Volock wanted to start something, they were ready to finish it.  
Volock just tore himself away and left the Keshdesh police headquarters.  A few reporters got the whole scene on video recordings.  Volock left the precinct to return to a furious Bishop now as publicly embarrassed as Volock due to the apparent connection.
Outside it became even more chaotic than at the police headquarters.  Volock had mobs of angry protesters that he had to shove his way through to get to the Aungtalli temple a couple of blocks away for probably more abuse.  Uranians rallied for some time, getting out in the streets with their discontent.  Now it had grown into millions on the roads every day.  The news included itself in everyone's conversation, and the movement to restore the historic Ministry of Science had become planet-wide.  Nothing had ever stirred up so much discontent amongst the Uranian population as did the closure of the Ministry of Science.
Back in Police Headquarters, the Chief finally opened his door to call Eistia in his short non-rhyming way that consistently amplified his constantly fuming anger.  "Eistia!  Get your flaccid tail in here!"
That was it.  Everyone waited a second for the remainder of the Chief's chirping but then extracted the point after pondering those words some more.  Eistia knew long before anyone else what the boss said.  It had been the type of noise that grabbed the emotions like a stupid kid who can't speak anyway but still can make you understand.
Eistia quickly got up and went into the boss's office.  The boss he met in the office didn't look mad at all.  "There.  Have a seat.  Shut the door behind you.
I yell for show.  I really don't mind you.
I've been on the phone.  My tail has been chewed.
The King was angered.  It got very rude.
Your police work made news across the land.
Now you have done it.  It's got out of hand.
I'm, however, not upset.  I don't mind.
You did good, Eistia.  I like your kind."
Eistia was genuinely grateful for the rare flattery.  "Thanks, chief.  I'm surprised that you are not mad
after the 'tail chewing,' you have just had."
The Chief replied, "You doing what's right is what I think cures
what chews my tail, the bunch of shit sphincters.
I'm going to get even watching you go
tell your whole story while I watch the show.
Talk to reporters.  I'll give you a pass.
Those assholes above me can peck my ass."
 
King Worapor watched the gathering crowds from his castle parapet.  The noise and movement in the protesting group made it easy to tell where Volock walked as he made his way to the Aungtalli temple nearby from the jail.  
The crowd below became an unbearable weight on his unpopular decision to close down the Ministry of Science.  The Uranian people had bypassed the Audience Hall procedures and gathered outside his castle to demand an audience.  Tradition obligated the King to bear witness.
It had been the Aungtalli Bishop who ordered the closing of the Ministry, and the Aungtalli were only as influential on the King as the religiously faithful crowds they represented.  The population on the planet had lost their contentment, but King Worapor knew the problem wasn't economics.  
Everyone on the planet had value and had been well cared for, which always kept them content in their homes before.  The problem wasn't even the Ministry closing, but that became the final crossing over the line as far as the masses before the King was concerned.  King Worapor even thought reopening the Ministry would calm these angry masses down.  King Worapor realized that the real problem had been what he had no control over, the mortality rate, disease, and other problems caused by solar activity.  Many in the crowd blamed the Aungtalli for the mortality problem, but the King knew that wasn't true.  The King realized as he witnessed his people's discontent that it had been the Ministry of Science that gave them hope, and closing it down became an act of war against that hope.  King Worapor just didn't see many Aungtalli supporting crowds out there, and he did think, as usual, that the Aungtalli knew more about the solar problem than they were telling.
The King considered the leverage this protest gave him to reopen the Ministry.  It had never been in his interest to close it in the first place.  That would re-establish his position as a true King of the people.  Being a true King was his only leverage with the three families that raised him from an egg for this King duty.  The three families could always quickly assassinate an unpopular failure of a King, which he realized he had dangerously set himself up as.  King Worapor had also been nobody's fool.  He knew the Ministry had upset the Aungtalli with their recent technological discoveries.  They were discoveries that not only documented a thriving pre-Aungtalli Uranian civilization over 250,000 years ago.  That pre-Aungtalli civilization had technologies that rivaled the Aungtalli toys that the Aungtalli claim came from the gods.  This flourishing, highly advanced ancient civilization also accessed data from satellites still orbiting the planet in gravitational Lagrange points.  The King had been aware that those satellites were relaying data today indicating that the Sun was dying.
King Worapor then went into motion deciding to use this moment to confront the Aungtalli Bishop.  He began to notify the entourage closing in on him that he was on his way to the Aungtalli temple to speak with the Bishop.
 
The Aungtalli Bishop had been furious with Volock, and he sounded a lot like Eistia's boss throwing a yelling fit.  The Bishop had been careful not to display this lack of composure to anyone else, so he made Volock meet him in the environment shelter, which every Aungtalli temple always maintained beneath it.  All the temples had shelters built underground in preparation for the end times.  One old belief in the church had been that gods would destroy the world in the end times, and they would save only a chosen few in these environment shelters.  The Bishop had just finished up with Volock when the King arrived to speak.
"Your secret mission was for all to see!
Now what you've done is reflected on me!” then the arriving King opened the environment chamber door unannounced.  The Bishop's screaming session with Volock got abruptly interrupted.
"… Oh, your highness, I did not expect you.
I was just with Volock.  NOW I AM THROUGH!"
Volock seized on the Bishop's glare finally dismissing him from the scolding.  He bowed submissively to both and took his queue to leave the Bishop and the King alone.
King Worapor looked over the airtight environment shelter that covered half a square mile with complex below the ground under the capital city's Aungtalli temple.  The Aungtalli took the legend about the end of the world very seriously, and the King thought that they even longed for it like some sick twisted death wish.  Aungtalli end-of-the-world environment shelters were all powered by the mysterious energy that provided a living environment with atmosphere and temperatures according to instructions found in ancient scriptures.  
Many Aungtalli temples dutifully stocked their environment shelters with enough food and water to survive for years with a small population of chosen ones.
The King addressed the Bishop.  "The Ministry closed.  You made me order
because the times are getting much shorter.
They saw what you didn't want them to see.
You wanted to hide their discovery."
The Bishop knew where this was going and interrupted.  "Oh mighty King, you think I can't deceive
you, but I say you are still quite naive.
These special shelters are for the chosen
who are Aungtalli.  The rest are frozen.
I made you close down the Ministry
so the solar damage they wouldn't see.
The gods control the Sun that seals our fates
with increased Uranian cancer rates.
This is my purpose, so I will not cry
when you with all of them finally die."
The King became suddenly angry at the Bishop's rude frankness.  "Well, that may just be what you had arranged,
but I'm here to tell you that things have changed.
I do not care what threats from gods you send.
To open the Ministry, I intend."
The Bishop visually murdered the King, who had already made a mistake walking in on him in an angry mood.  "That's quite some nerve to say that to my face.
I'll summon gods to put you in your place.
That said, now I'll tell you what you will do.
You'll tell Ploabot that his lawsuit is through.
As for the crowds, you will then calm them down.
Now get out of here.  Don't come back around."
The King had lost his nerve after barging in on the Bishop's commanding presence, and so he left the temple humiliated by the loss of his courage.  
The Bishop had all but admitted to the King that the neutrino-induced solar flares were a scheme by Devasuras to sterilize Uranians using infrared, x-rays, and gamma rays over some time and escalate cancer rates.  How can a King stand up to the gods?  The King worried that these were the last days of his planet.  What can a King do about the end of the world?
 
* * *
 
Hanson/Aquari woke to find Veldada fussing with his hair, trying to make it set down with some greasy hair product she had.  The hair just resisted the weight from the oil and slowly aspired back to a straight-up position.  His hand grabbed Veldada's hand, which held a hairbrush.  He couldn't begin to explain the multi-level atomizing effects from negative photons traveling backward in time, which had been the side effect his presence had always had on dead bodies.  The others in this Gulfang facility would be easier to explain it to concerning antigrav-atomization.
"I'm sorry, my dear.  I must stop your hand.
While in this body, the hair's gonna stand."
Veldada said, "I just thought I could do something to it.
Here, have the brush.  I'll just let you do it,” the hair bothered Veldada because it stood out like the unaccepted fact that this wasn't Hanson, her life-long love.
Hanson/Aquari got up to fuss with his greasy hair in the mirror.  Then he eventually decided to use the shower in the bathroom just to wash the oily hair product out.
Veldada decided she would be more useful in the kitchen working on breakfast for them.  She went to the refrigerator to get some turagalton that she had chopped up to fry at breakfast with some waff sausage.  The Gulfang warehouse had a large garden that the scientists found time to cultivate extensively.  Gardening had been in the blood of most Uranians, and it helped a scientist solve problems by getting out away from whatever scientific problem troubled them to just dig around in the dirt in a garden from time to time.
A queasy feeling came over Veldada as she spooned the turagalton onto a skillet that warmed up on the cooking counter.  It had been nausea that seemed to have started last night.  Although it was a feeling unlike anything she had ever felt before in her life, she knew what it had been.  After all these years with Hanson and her trying, she finally formed an egg.  She would lay an egg that would then incubate into her first child any day now.  She put her hand on her stomach and started a tear before the nausea settled down.  Then she returned to the turagalton.  This child would prove that Hanson was alive because this child would be born from Hanson's seed, which is the life of Hanson.
 
After breakfast, Rodenadan and some fellow astrophysicists came over to Hanson and Veldada's room to discuss the nature of the universe with the mysterious cosmic entity that inhabited Hanson's dead body.  That would be enough to run Veldada away from her boyfriend's side as she left them to their science discussion, which acknowledged a part of this resurrected Hanson that she preferred to be in denial concerning.
Hanson/Aquari had been as interested in their knowledge about the universe as they were with him.  Uranians had figured out by now that many stars in the sky were whole galaxies filled with stars.  The universe expanded from what seemed to be an original point where everything must have exploded into existence.  They were limited in knowledge about the sub-atomic matter and what happened before the initial 'Big-Bang' creation event.  
Uranians were pretty accurate in their estimation that the universe had been 127.1 billion years old.
Rodenadan got tired of explaining to Aquari what they understood about the universe and wanted to learn what Aquari knew.  "Enough about us where our science went.
What know you of this creation event?"
Then Hanson/Aquari began to explain to the Uranians how the beginning created the universe.  "Before billions of years of what you see
along with nothing was infinity.
When all was nothing, not even trying,
there was still that, which keeps saucers flying.
The subatomic effect of nothing
is space curvature, which did still take wing.
In the depths of infinity began
subatomic matter like grains of sand.
Even with nothing and no resistance,
particles still come into existence.
Add to that infinity, and you see
subatomic matter constantly be
accumulating pressures also still
of mass that makes gravity as they fill
the nothing that existed long before
the creation event came through the door."
Rodenadan was hearing what he came to hear and wanted more.  "You describe creation as through a door.
Please keep explaining.  We want to know more."
Hanson/Aquari continued.  "All was nothing,
an empty cavity.
Still, something existed like gravity.
Gravity produces a particle
that's subatomic and also fickle
Through trillions, zillions multiplied billions
this continued on more zillion zillions.
Subatomic mass accumulated
Along with the gravity that made it,
but they did not just build up at leisure
squished together under their own pressure,
particle mass grew with infinity
to phantom matter singularity.
The by-product of gravity outward
explodes the subatomic like a sword
into atomic matter outflowing
with time and space still to this day growing."
Hanson/Aquari had given Rodenadan more than he could immediately digest.  He had discussed the concept of black holes with Hanson/Aquari before, which happened to be just beyond Uranian astrophysics.  He could grasp the math for a black hole creating a singularity with gravitational pressures.  This subatomic matter Aquari spoke about happened due to the virtual particle effect that comprises the gravitational phenomenon and particle exchanges that hold molecules together.  Phantom Matter exists out there, primarily unaffected by the force of gravity.  Yet, also it accumulates where gravitational pressures are pronounced as the by-product of the virtual particle phenomenon when a spontaneous virtual particle fails to disappear.  Rather than gravity crushing these subatomic particles into a singularity, it became the unimaginable pressures from infinity with its natural accumulation that mostly started the universe's event.  The phantom matter singularity explains how the original mass created at the beginning of the universe escaped the gravitational pressures that should have forever collapsed into an enormous black hole.  When the discussion about creation for the universe became finally over, Rodenadan and his associates left thoroughly dazed by the theoretical physics Aquari had filled into their heads.  It had been the conversation Aquari always had with terrestrial life, which often rapidly advanced that species to even more intelligent life.
 
Hanson/Aquari continued to enlighten the rebel scientists about Aungtalli magic as the days went by.  Hanson/Aquari saved them years of artifact research by simply rummaging through the stockpiles of artifacts in the Gulfang warehouse and telling the researchers all about what something was and what it did.  Veldada had laid an egg and carried it everywhere she went in an egg purse strapped over her shoulder.  It became her bond to the Hanson she still believed lived behind the Aquari he had become.
Veldada carried her egg with her one day in an egg purse strapped over her shoulder as she went to the postal station to mail Ploabot the latest news.  
Curvfin had made her a flawless forged ID for Mrs. Jabeeb, an aunt that Veldada once heard Ploabot mention, which she used to maintain the phony letters that concealed her identity.  This communication had been much easier to pull off in the less autocratically obsessed politics of Gulfang.  They did not want The Ministry of Science members for any crimes, but they knew they were targets for assassination by influential individuals behind Uranian society's power structure.  Everyone in the world wondered where they had disappeared but knew they probably went into hiding for their own good.
She looked for something in her Jabeeb mailbox from Ploabot, but nothing had shown up there that day.  Then she mailed her letter to Ploabot and left the building when her eyes suddenly recognized the long-lost Eromot walking down the street.
"Eromot?  That's you?!  I'm running into?
Where have you been?  Tell me what you've been through."
It had been Eromot who also appeared thrilled to see Veldada.  
"Veldada!?  Oh, I can't believe it's you,
are who I first see in Gulfang here too.
I just got here and left the train station.
Now I see you out of the whole nation."
Veldada also became amazed by coincidence.  "I was just mailing a letter right here
as someone from this place who lives quite near.
This meeting is coincidence to me.
You were not someone I thought I would see.
I heard of Dogolas where you were seen
escaping your murder.  In news, it's been."
Eromot settled down from the surprise of this coincidence.  He explained the untold story about his escape.  
"I too heard the news about my escape
where that news ends till now I'll fill the gape.
I ran from the arrest scene.  That you know.
The motel lady I thought was a foe,
who I really was, she wanted to know.
She was my best friend after she found out.
She hid me, saying I wasn't about.
She kept me safe so that I did remain.
Then she even helped me get on the train."
Suddenly Veldada wanted to get Eromot back to their hideout so the others could hear this story.  "I'll take you to our headquarters, my dear.
All will be thrilled to find out you are here."
Veldada led Eromot to the rebel scientist's hideout that Eromot had been on his way to with memorized directions in the first place.  Soon, old colleagues surrounded Eromot excited to have their old friend back with them.  They treated Eromot's broken collarbone with healing ointments and massage treatment while Eromot told the crowd about his adventures.  When it got to the part where Veldada bumped into Eromot as he got off the train, Thrandu became suspicious and mentioned to Veldada, "Just another coincidence because
of the destiny, Aquari leads us."
It seemed even Thrandu now no longer believed Aquari to be a delusion.  Veldada still believed her Hanson to be also in there.  That became her religion.  She carried their child in a purse, strapped to her side as if it became proof of that conviction.
The Ministry scientists took Eromot to the warehouses of artifacts to meet Hanson/Aquari.  Hanson/Aquari had just helped them get a molecular replication device working again.  A quanta-nanocode technology over 50,000 Earth years old had been powered by the planet's still functioning star-door electric grid.  The molecular replication device could access a star door phantom matter singularity in warp space to instantly reproduce anything from nothing.  
Different versions of molecular replication technologies were behind a star-door complex's mass production of products.  Hanson/Aquari programmed it to produce what he called a communication processor node, which had become a hand-held variation on Hanson's clunky personal computer invention.  Aquari figured the communication processor node, coupled with a network protocol connecting all the individual nodes, would accelerate a democratic influence on the sociological evolution of the planet.  He concluded that the Aungtalli, who were a rival evolutionary branch-off species during these times, suppressed free speech.
Scientists were trying to explain to Eromot the death/resurrection event and how Hanson had changed since then, but Eromot still seemed ill prepared to deal with what he saw had happened to his friend.  Eromot just couldn't take his eyes off Hanson's ridiculous hair while he explained what had happened to him on his journey to Gulfang.  Aquari searched Hanson's memories for times spent with Eromot that he could use to put his friend at ease.  Aquari then realized that it turned out, according to Hanson's historical memories, that they were not ever very close.
Eromot mentioned while telling his story that Morgamor had been a hearer to Beataphoriah when he had described the vehicle crash.  Aquari then interrupted Eromot's story.  "He heard Beataphoriah in his mind?
It's Beataphoriah I'm here to find."
Eromot elaborated.  "Morgamor's mind was able to hear him
when I injected his veins with serum."
Hanson/Aquari became intrigued.  "If that will induce this, then I by choice
would take this injection to hear the voice."
Aquari's idea all happened suddenly, and Eromot had just arrived after a long journey.  Eromot explained that he needed time to produce the serum, but then Handirlas just happened to know where they still stored some of Eromot's serum.
Soon Hanson/Aquari had the loose sleeve on his shirt rolled up with a tourniquet wrapped around his biceps.  Eromot held up the syringe to push out a bubble of air.  As Hanson/Aquari anxiously waited, Eromot pushed the needle into Hanson/Aquari's bulging bloodstream.  After blood squirted into the serum while Eromot backed the syringe up, he sent his concoction into Hanson/Aquari's vein.  All eyes were on Hanson/Aquari as Eromot pulled out the needle.
Hanson/Aquari sat back in the chair with his eyes closed to listen while chemicals swirled through his metabolism.  The serum had not been harmful to Uranian physiology.  Uranian medicine often employed injecting a remedy right into a vein with a needle and syringe.  Solving all health problems with injections perhaps would look barbaric to Earthlings, but the effects for relief from medication were immediate when administered that way.  
Hanson/Aquari sat silently with his eyes closed for an excruciatingly long time while other researchers anxiously observed the experiment.
Eventually, he said, "That serum sends the voice right in my ear.
A dialect of your language, I hear.
Platform instructions keep repeating
to teleport us right to its meeting."
Some in the group were asking Hanson/Aquari to describe the teleportation platform he talked about from hearing.  "Describing that has already been done.
I say in artifacts here you have one."
They all followed Hanson/Aquari, who rummaged through the piles and piles of ancient relics that were highly advanced technologies.  Many artifacts were still in working order after 50,000 Earth years when Ministry archaeologists finally unearthed their well-preserved tomb in the barren coaglium sands of the Southern Desert.  
The scientists converged on a familiar platform too low to the ground to be a table.
"Here is that teleportation platform.
They all have been made to a standard norm."
It had been significant and heavy and would not move when Hanson/Aquari pulled on it.  Then he walked on top of it.  
"It's intended that you stand …."
Just then, the platform sank a couple of inches with a bad-sounding crunch under the weight of Hanson/Aquari standing on the stage.  He immediately got off the now crooked relic from a previous age.  The bent upright portion unplugged the platform top from the base.  The bottom part of the mechanism got damaged by time.  The group, therefore, lifted the lid off the teleportation platform.  The top standing portion distributed the portal matrix information signal into a standard shape.  The top still seemed perfectly well, but underneath 50,000 Earth-year-old circuitry for the signal receiving mechanism now turned to crunch up into mush and dust.
"The bottom part, we'll need to rebuild it
and make it the same, so this top will fit."
Then Eromot finally decided to finish his story to Aquari.  "I'd have told you as my story was done
that I ran into those that have built one."
Eromot then explained about the hearers he had met through Oldo.  It had been another fantastic coincidence that they then learned about the hearers who had a platform bottom already built to specs but no top, and they now had a good top but no bottom.  
Minor events leading toward an impending destiny seemed just to be falling into place that day.  Synchronicity had been one among many age-old mysteries about Aquari.  When they discussed delivering the top to the hearers, Hanson/Aquari explained to Salmar how to do it with the saucer technology that they already had.  The saucer equipment could create similar virtual particle fields around other objects to transport them alongside the saucer through a microwave beam connection.  Virtual particle technology had been the essence of tractor beam technology.
It wasn't long before a few were in the saucer flying back to Keshdesh from Gulfang to meet with the hearers along with Veldada, who insisted on coming along when she got the news.  It had been quite a sight for those that looked up since it also had a rectangular emerald teleportation platform top trailing along behind it in the sky.  
Soon they were too high to be seen and only minutes away from Oldo's farm.  However, they didn't go completely undetected, and in Keshdesh, Volock got notified about an object seen in the skies flying from Gulfang to Keshdesh.  It could only be those saucer-flying scientists, and he was anxious to bring a victory to his master and make up for recent failings.
When the Ministry scientists first landed, they found nobody around Oldo's farm.  Then it became evident to the hearers in hiding that it had been Eromot and his scientist friends that landed in a flying saucer and not the Aungtalli out to persecute them.  
Suddenly many farmers started coming out of the woodwork as if from nowhere.  Soon a bunch carried the platform top to the barn, where even more hearers gathered.  It seemed they all kept growing in number within the church-barn as the ancient emerald top got plugged into their recently constructed bottom.  It was a miracle to the believers and a perfect fit, the perfect confirmation that the voice they all heard was authentic for them all.  The emerald material on the top lit up, and the platform hummed for a few seconds as the planet's energy grid activated the newly created device.  The emerald glow didn't go out since the stage had been set up to default mode and waited for a teleportation connection.
Then Hanson/Aquari got up on the platform again.  This time it held.  "Now I could finish its waiting sequence
if I set the star-door coordinates."
The leader for the hearers, Arnoediad, who had been crying as they fit the platform together, spoke up.  "The rest of the legend will help, my friend.
We know the place where coordinates send
a flash every night never degrading.  
At Vongolath, the answer is waiting."
They then eventually decided that Oldo and Arnoediad would help carry the completed teleportation platform to the Altar of Saint Vongolath, a holy site popular with pilgrims from the Aungtalli faith to this day.  A light flash still occurred every night, which some believers attributed to miraculous healing and miracles.  The saucer with the platform alongside flew northeast toward Svervus near the southwest corner to the Northern Sea, where the old holy site for the Alter of Saint Vongolath had still been drawing nightly crowds.
 
* * *
 
Grulmagof pyramid shipbuilding had been resumed in earnest after the Golimechoid had successfully sabotaged the building for the fifth ship.  The invincible Asura chased the remaining perpetrator down with a virtual particle belt before the culprit committed suicide.  Then he brought the dead Golimechoid body of Bleeptoo back.  
Both Asuras were unscathed by the nuclear fission bombs that tore apart the fledgling pyramid ship they had worked so hard on.  Nobody else on the orbiting construction platform survived those explosions.  They brought the body for Bleeptoo back to show off some more wondrous technologies to the Grulmagof scientists.  The Grulmagof collaborated with the Asuras in their campaign to exterminate the Golimechoid.  The Asuras were some mighty allies.
The Asuras embalmed Bleeptoo's body in a preservation tank that fixed electrode instruments onto points in the dead brain.  One Asura giant knelt way down to explain to the tiny Grulmagof below who were there to learn.  "This is a demonstration for what we refer to as an ego-phantasm.  We can summon one from an intact brain after the original being has died.  This demonstration shows its usefulness for interrogation."
The other Asura worked the gigantic controls while taking his presentation cue.  "This screen digitizes transubstantial imagery experienced by the ego-phantasm in ways that very closely mimic the actual conscious perceptual experience of the phantasm."
The Grulmagof stretched to see the screen on the equipment like little rodents appreciating a giant human appliance.  Then smoky lights that began to increase in brightness distracted them all not far from the Asura that worked the controls.  The lights coagulated into a glowing Golimechoid, which caused the Grulmagof scientists to shrink away in panic.
"Do calm down, my friends.  The ego-phantasm is made up of phantom matter and cannot directly affect the objective reality upon which it projects itself.  This entity is a harmless ghost from the ego, which this dead Golimechoid entertained during his life.  It is harmless.  We had to adjust this equipment to accommodate the Golimechoid physiology and their unique electronic DNA.  Still, once we can reconstitute the virtual parts to its cells with our preservation equipment, the brain can project this ethereal construct from what once lived as this body."
The Golimechoid ghost made an audible radio broadcast in the unintelligible language for Golimechoids.  "Where am I?  Who are you, creatures?”  
Then it turned its gaze to the smaller Grulmagof below.  "Grulmagof!?  What?  Was I captured?"
"As you can see, it's as if we've brought the prisoner back to life.” the Asura turned to the ghost to explain in its language.  "We have brought your consciousness back from the dead, so you will tell us what you know about Golimechoid treachery against the Grulmagof."
The ghost for Bleeptoo became angry.  "I will never tell you anything about what I knew when alive.  If I am dead, then you can no longer persuade me."
Then the ghost deliberately faded away.  After what had just happened got explained to the Grulmagof, one spoke up.  "That was an ineffective interrogation.  As in its life, the subject will not reveal anything."
The stiff mouth on the Asura bent into something like a smile.  Asura mouths don't move when they speak.  The motionless mouth makes Asuras look like they wear masks.  "The ego-phantasm will not reveal anything; however, the ego-consciousness has now retreated into an unconscious swoon where it will tend to go exactly to what we wanted to know as it enters the dream-like state.  We can follow this direction from the suggestion I introduced on the equipment screen next to my colleague."
Then on the gigantic screen appeared Bleeptoo in a room.  The dingy brown planet Poa-3 appeared outside a viewport, indicating the room had been on board some ship or satellite in orbit around the dead planet.  Bleeptoo spoke to a technology sphere suspended in the air inside the orbiting room.  
"I did not betray you, Young Brain.  I would never betray you, the future child of Goag Ralus."
The Grulmagof appeared puzzled.  One asked, "What does this mean?"
The Asuras just looked at each other, slowly turning their mouths like morphing masks into shocked expressions.  They both recognized the object on the screen.  They both simultaneously realized that the Golimechoid cultivated a Young Brain program, which could only mean that the Golimechoid intended to procreate with Goag Ralus.  That had been the worst-case scenario for what Asuras collaborated with the Grulmagof species to avoid.  Devasuras and Asuras were concerned by the implications of technologies left behind by their ancestors, such as the Golimechoid, Goag Ralus, and the star-doors.
 
* * *
 
After the return of Begalius to Goag Ralus from its star-door virus hunting adventure, the Eigalli went back to sampling genetic products from the Dol star-door databanks along with other star-door wonders.  Many empty cities, virtual cities, and wonders to explore were in the 100-mile diameter star-door sphere.  Some Incapricans from Dol also lived within this star-door.  
They mainly kept to themselves until they contacted Begalius to arrange for exploring the wonders of Goag Ralus.  After the Begalius return, the warehouses in the virtual reality City of Doldoor were again filled with compiled DNA programs discovered and compiled originally by the legendary Nephapricans.
Deliadre sat on her patio one day, appreciating the effects of the colder weather on the Occuitah view, caused by Goag Ralus entering molecular clouds that marked the end of a tek.  A tek had been a Goag Ralus year lasting about 311 Earth years.  Goag Ralus used this time in the molecular clouds to gather materials and cool down His surface in what amounted to a winter season lasting for several Earth decades.  Atmospheric effects on Goag Ralus caused this, as molecular particles suppressed the solar winds around His seven stars.  The last billion years of Goag Ralus orbiting this way had led to a tek being an almost universal measurement for the time in modern-day galactic cultures across the known galaxy called Magphoreus.
Goag Ralus, as a Golimechoid avatar, began visiting the Golimechoids on the star-door planet Poa-3 in the Magphoreus Carina arm.  Deliadre still impatiently awaited the star-door connection to Tze-Doldus by Aquari, who she calculated should be getting there soon.  She wanted that connection to the Orion arm so she could finally meet, in person, her life-long friend Beagud the Eagolim.  Many Eigalli wished to take to the stars of the easier-to-navigate outer galactic arms, which the Dol star-door now could do.  Golimechoids at Poa-3 had already constructed spacecraft that awaited adventure-seeking Eigalli from the much harsher and hazardous core environment of Goag Ralus.  These events had been an exciting time in this third age of Magphoreus.
Deliadre talked to Beagud earlier through their quanta-communication link, as they often did.  When Beagud left the Ti system after being frightened by the Devasura, he had diverted his Eagolim space fleet in the direction Deliadre gave him for the newly discovered location of Tze-Doldus.  That Eagolim species had been cut off from star-door planets ever since the stars Fedor and Gralga went nova in the second age of Magphoreus.  Those star-doors must have survived the novas, but they never could find them with quanta-communicators or anything else afterward.  The Eagolim still search in the Orion arm for those long lost star-doors to this day.  Deliadre and Beagud arranged to meet soon through the Tze-Doldus/Dol star-door connection finally.  Beagud should be at Tze-Doldus in a little over a tek, or 352 Earth years.  That had not been an excruciatingly long time for longer-living galactic individuals like Beagud and Deliadre.
Between Beagud and Deliadre, the two figured out about the existence of the Devasuras following them with giant protoplanets probably made from the seven long lost star-door stars during the great-disappearance, which vanished along with the last of the Nephaprican species.
A notification sounded from inside, and it interrupted Deliadre's enjoyment of the snowy city scene.  She got up to respond to the message on the star-door monitoring equipment that she maintained.  It indicated that Goag Ralus had Begalius create five disconnected wormholes with the Dol star-door.  Nobody told her about this, and the experiment would be monumental.  She left the apartment to get over to the star door and see what was happening.
 
The Grulmagof Commander for the newly built fifth pyramid ship proudly flew that craft in a formation with the other four pyramid ships on course to Poa-3, the last known stronghold for Golimechoid life forms in the Carina arm of Magphoreus.  Most of this galactic arm area named Carina was rich in star systems, more than is even known.  Yet no stars were shared with Golimechoids, according to Grulmagof sworn to their eradication from the galaxy.  The Grulmagof have hunted Golimechoid through the ages; ever since the Grulmagof's brief rule over the crumbling galactic empire called Nephapricus got toppled from their galactic civilization's most significant moment.  
That had been the moment they once ruled the legendary post-Nephaprican Nephapricus.  Traditions raised Grulmagof to see the Golimechoid as an unnatural mechanical technology left behind by the Eagolim, which had also become a galactic pollutant.  Now the last Emperor for Nephapricus, Turgis-Riva's ancestors hunted and eradicated the Golimechoid back to their last refuge, the ancient star-door planet Poa-3.  There, the star-door remained fueled by giant Golimechoid-invented fusion-powered phantom matter generators.
Commander Stobb had been in charge of the fifth pyramid ship, going immediately into action as the last piece for a mission to eradicate Poa-3's entire Golimechoid population with powerful particle accelerator cannons perched on each pyramid ship’s top point.  They calculated five pyramid ships to be capable of the task.  Extremely advanced aliens called Asuras had assisted the Grulmagof in constructing these gigantic starships.  Asuras seemed to be also concerned about the spread of Golimechoid life in the galaxy, and eradicating Golimechoids would be their penance for the pollution species their careless ancestors had created and left behind.  The unnatural quanta-nanocode constructed life forms had already replaced all life on Poa-3 with bizarre electronic DNA-based plant life cultivated in fields across the planet under the blinking pulsar for the dead star Poa.  So this eradication mission had been even more critical because the galactic pollution created by Eagolim was in the process of creating more pollution.  The Asuras designed five mason cannons on these pyramid ships to destroy all this electric DNA-based life on Poa-3 along with the Golimechoids.
Commander Stobb hurried to his command center to be ready for the attack about to ensue.  The Grulmagof were much shorter in height since the Turgis-Riva days at the end to the second age for Magphoreus.  Grulmagof now no longer had any fur or hair, which exposed pinkish skin.  They also no longer displayed the claws from their ancestors that could dig into solid rock.  They still walked with an extra knee that gave them a distinctive spring in their step, which had been on display as commander Stobb entered the command center.
Outside on the viewscreen were two other majestic pyramid ships on a parallel course toward the blinking nebula now under a light year's distance from the warp fusion-powered virtual particle-driven vessels.  At .998 times the speed for light, it took Commander Stobb a little over 8 Earth years to traverse the eight light-years distance from the new construction facility to rendezvous with the other four ships already in siege positions around Poa-3.  The Grulmagof built the last ship further within the Grulmagof galactic empire to keep it from the Golimechoid's awareness.
The five monolithic ships approached the blinking nebula as Golimechoid attack ships responded.  The battle was about to begin once the spaceships turned off the fusion warp fields that defined them as beyond this universe of relativity physics.  
Commander Spuktar, the one in charge of the entire mission, contacted Commander Stobb.  "Your ship is new to combat, but I understand the Delta Straights Golimechoid rebellion seasoned you, and you came up the ranks as the operator of a single space carrier with several pilot fighters.  I trust you can move your ship toward the approaching attacker's right flank in the battle about to occur."
"Yes, sir, instructions understood.”  He switched off communications to shout orders into a loudspeaker.  "All gunners occupy your guns to remain on alert.  Shoot when you identify targets.  Navigation!  Accelerate to the outer right flank of approaching fighters!"
Commander Stobb would have switched the communications back on to get more information from Commander Spuktar, but that had been the instant it all became up to him.  Instead, he started shouting tactical evasive maneuver commands to the main navigator when he saw the approaching Golimechoids on the view screen.  Gunners had already shown initiative and began carving up foreign fighters with deadly fusion lasers that shot out from the pyramid ship in multiple bright red light lines.
The other pyramid ships seemed to surround and close in on the fleet with large and small Golimechoid craft that may have been their dying galactic civilization's last defense.  The giant pyramids dwarfed anything flown by the Golimechoid, and a thousand sharp red lines of lasers shot out from the pyramid monoliths and carved the entire Golimechoid fleet up.  They wasted a little time determining that no Golimechoids escaped before the five pyramid-ships continued course for Poa-3.
 
Deliadre entered a central control area in the star-door complex to find the Eigalli-looking Begalius next to a giant snake-like Goag Ralus in Golimechoid avatar form.  There were holograms of Golimechoids from Poa-3 in the room to observe.  
She approached Begalius and Goag Ralus, who hunched over star-door wormhole controls.  "What's going on?  Why are there enormous energy creating wormholes between here and the Carina arm with disconnected coordinates?"
The Golimechoid Goag Ralus avatar turned around and raised an audible appendage.  "Sounds like you've figured out what is going on already.  I guess you want to know why.” another appendage gestured to the Golimechoid holograms as if that had been the answer.
A hologram spoke up after the usual long pause for quanta-communication.  "We have asked the great Goag Ralus to help us in our most dire moment.  Five pyramid ships with Nephaprican design armed with giant mason cannons are approaching our homeworld with the intent of genocide."
Deliadre turned back to Goag Ralus.  "What do you intend to do to help them?"
The Golimechoid Goag Ralus turned again to respond to Deliadre.  He had been very active lately in His new Golimechoid form.  Deliadre would be the last to admit that she had been more comfortable confronting Goag Ralus in His Eigalli avatar, but that had been what she thought beyond psionic perception.  Deliadre thought Goag Ralus loved how the Golimechoid admired Him like a rock star.  She got left in the dark about His intention to procreate with them.  Deliadre became surprised that she could still tell that Goag Ralus smiled even though Golimechoids have no way to smile.  His audible appendage said, "I'm going to bring those five pyramid ships over here."
"But … but … what will those ships do to you?"
It took a while for Deliadre to figure out that the long silence had been Goag Ralus laughing.  Golimechoids don't laugh audibly either.  "Begalius is working with Bejulitiah of the Poa star-door to work out the positions for the pyramid ships.  They won't know what hit them."
Goag Ralus returned to stand next to Begalius.  The Golimechoid holograms just watched while anxiously hoping that whatever they were doing would work.  The pyramid ships were effortlessly carving up the entire Golimechoid defense fleets at that very moment.  They were soon to pummel the planet with accelerated particle blasts that would irradiate away all life regardless of the DNA basis.
"You haven't explained what you are going to do when they are here with deadly planet-destroying ships?”  Deliadre began to fear the worse was about to be unleashed on her home.  Goag Ralus remained turned away with His back to her, ignoring her.
"Goag Ralus, what about when they arrive here?"
Goag Ralus finally turned around to address both Deliadre and the holograms audibly.  First, the audible appendage said something to the holograms, which sent them into apparent celebration after the standard pause.  Then the audible appendage said to Deliadre in Eigalli, "They are here now, my dear, and what I intend to do is greet them.  I designated some rocky areas under the star Rychesee prepared with an atmosphere that should suit their species.  I've programmed the terrain with quanta-nanocode, so I will always know what they are up to and respond to them if they speak to me, just like most other areas on my surface.  I already have a Grulmagof avatar living there to greet them."
 
Commander Stobb had just received the damage report.  The three hits from Golimechoid fighters had done only minimal structural damage that required no hull decompressions.  These pyramid ships could take direct hits with no real damage.  He became impressed.  The five spacecraft were approaching Poa-3, where they would finally launch the fighters boarded on the pyramid ships to assist in the final assault.  So far, they had carved their way to the planet with just the pyramid's gunner defenses.  Now the spaceships were regrouping for the final assault on the world.  Commander Spuktar contacted again.  "Great fighting back there.  I commend your leadership and courageous crew.  We report no significant damages to any pyramid ships.  Prepare the final plan.  I believe you will begin westward along the South Pole continent to rendezvous with Thleba's pyramid ship.  Let's get the oceans too.  Bomb every inch on that fortune forsaken planet."
"Understood,” Commander Stobb responded.  He already gave the order details.  He only had to watch his ship and crew carry out the operation.  Soon he could give the order to launch the fighters, but first he decided they would get a bit closer to the doomed planet first.
Commander Stobb saw Poa-3 start to grow into a dingy brown ball against a colorful nebula backdrop that blinked into bright colors every 3 seconds.  There would be no hiding how Golimechoids had just totally ruined the place.  The blinking pulsar remnant, right there, from the exploded star Poa, which Poa-3 got miraculously saved from thanks to the Golimechoids, gets no credit for the current brown lifeless state of Poa-3 in the Grulmagof mind.
As he watched the brown circle of the planet grow while they approached, five glowing tornado-like funnels sprung out from the planet's atmosphere.  "The star-door!” the Commander screamed in the face of his worse fear about this mission.  "Evasive maneuver navigation!”  Then a separate tornado-like disconnected wormhole swallowed each of the five pyramid ships.  Wormhole locations beyond a star door surface had been the latest development in physics for star-door wormhole technology.  The genius of Goag Ralus Himself had only recently figured it out.
 
The communications all exploded with chatter from the other pyramid commanders asking for or giving current status.  The view screens all flashed with light after the surreal inter-dimensional, glowing, time/space folding funnel ride was finally over.  There were now so many stars on the view screens that night, or even darkness became almost unimaginable.  
"Where are we?”  Everyone had been asking that.  Even some from the communication chatter repeated those words over and over.
Then some of the Commander chatter identified the supermassive black hole that could only exist in the galactic core.  At first, all the ships focused the data inputs on that object, but something more amazing came into view.  It had been so enormous that it was in sight the whole time.  Portions for it in the picture would be dismissed as dust clouds or nebula until it became clear that it had been a planet and atmosphere for as far as could be seen.  Some looked upon the impossible Goag Ralus view and wondered if they had died.
The chatter returned to noise, wondering what they were seeing.  Whatever it was, they were evidently in orbit around it, or more accurately in orbit around that part to it.  It presented land and atmosphere that the input data indicated extended for at least two-thirds a light year.  
Nobody had ever seen anything like it, and it defies the imagination to describe.  The mass calculations were causing the ships to adjust for a gravitational force that wasn't there.  The navigator had to hold the pyramids still manually.  Then a hologram image looking like a well-dressed Grulmagof appeared on the bridge of each pyramid ship.  Suddenly the Grulmagof avatar for Goag Ralus appeared in the Commander's presence.  
He spoke fluent Grulmagof.  "Greetings Grulmagof warriors, your war is now over.  I am called Goag Ralus.  I am an embodiment of the organism you now orbit.  You dare not wage war on Me, for I offer you no hostility but instead welcome you to My habitable surface.  I am the only habitable world you will find in this hostile radioactive galactic core environment where you all now find yourselves.  Come, and I will show you where to land your ships.  I await you in this form with facilities that can accommodate Grulmagof living.  You may arrange a wormhole home, but disconnected wormhole coordinates to a Grulmagof world might still be nearly impossible, and the disconnected wormhole innovation is pretty new.  The only safe wormhole route is to Poa-3, and they are currently not up to being reasoned with by Grulmagof and will probably at least want to imprison you.  I think we can eventually negotiate something, but understand this.  Unless you want to fly your pyramid ships home, which you are free to do, those ships are staying right here.”  Everyone in the room knew they were now over 19,130 light-years away from home and would not make it anywhere near home in a thousand Grulmagof lifetimes.  Goag Ralus saved the Golimechoid civilization from certain doom with the wormhole powers in His Dol star-door.  The Grulmagof instantly reformed into new citizens upon Goag Ralus.  
Goag Ralus had been unimaginably good at the diplomacy for welcoming new residents to Goag Ralus.  Deliadre couldn't believe it worked, but she always lived on Goag Ralus and maybe took His unimaginable immensity for granted along with the fact that the five solar system masses of Goag Ralus was a knowledgeable, probably immortal, living entity.
Not even five pyramid ships were any match for Goag Ralus, and in fact, several hundred ships like that existed already in different areas around Goag Ralus.  Those five pyramid ships would have faced highly advanced galactic civilizations living all over Goag Ralus as individuals that numbered into the trillions.  The pyramid ships at Goag Ralus were also capable of 2 times the speed of light, while the Asuras only entrusted the Grulmagof with .998 times the speed for light (not even phase II FTL.) A couple dozen Phase III pyramid ships flown by ancient Eagolim still existed around Goag Ralus and worked fine.  They were a few billion Earth years old, and only a couple was out of commission these days as museum relics.
 
Goag Ralus became often primarily focused on being His Golimechoid avatar after adopting the new Grulmagof citizens against their will.  He made frequent journeys through the new wormhole connection to the Poa-3 planet in the Carina arm of Magphoreus.  This situation left the Eigalli avatar to work robotically through His ambitions prescribed to Himself before He became so immersed in being the Golimechoid Goag Ralus.
All the Goag Ralus avatars continued their lives and were the physical embodiments of Goag Ralus at the same time.  However, any Goag Ralus avatar could tell you that although there was a time when that’s true, there were other times when the life of an avatar became a hollow routine, disconnected from the higher Goag Ralus mind.  It wasn't unbearably bad, and the Eigalli avatar could snap out of it in an instant by reconnecting consciousness, but lately, it would just be like barging in on His new Golimechoid sex life.
The Eigalli avatar sat around pondering this all too familiar disconnected torment when the quanta-communication device suddenly came on.  Someone contacted Him with a message from somewhere else in the galaxy.  At first, the Eigalli Goag Ralus avatar thought maybe Aquari had finally reached the Tze-Doldus star-door, and a quanta-communicator had been there to use for contacting Him.
The quanta-communicator projected a hologram of a Devasura, who had been following Goag Ralus for almost a hundred teks.  He had an orange skin tone with white hair and clothing flowing like vapor.  He appeared to be a multi-dimensional life form that evolved beyond the effects of phantom matter.  His Devasura mouth, unlike an Asura's, moved and spoke just like a human.  "Hello Goag Ralus, I am Innanomesh, a being who lives upon the planet you recently found out, has been synchronized with your orbit from above the galactic plane.  I am contacting you to congratulate you on your victory in saving the Poa Golimechoid from extinction."
"I suspect I have been victorious over your kind, and it is you who intend to eradicate the Golimechoid,” said Goag Ralus in response.
The Devasura already paused in anticipation of that outburst from Goag Ralus, who waited now for the Devasura's response.  "The ancient Eagolim from Doldorian descent traveled to the core to fix the unstable supermassive black hole, Ralus Xnoga.  They created the Golimechoids on their way to accomplish this, which turned out to be a mistake.  They also created a Young Brain program that became their spiritual guide over the millennia.  The Young Brain program led them to reach the core.  That Young Brain program became You.  Do not foolishly procreate with technology You do not understand, Goag Ralus."
Goag Ralus got ready to interrupt.  "Who do you think you are, deciding the fate for a whole species, be they natural or unnatural technology?  What is natural or unnatural anymore?  What quanta-nanocode technology are you made from here before Me?  You must have evolved with quanta-nanocode into a strange mixture with varying mass?”  He decided to pause and let the Devasura respond at that moment.  So He waited ten seconds for quanta-communicator lag time.
"I am a descendent from the life forms that created You, and You are just a large gravity generator used to stabilize the poles on Ralus Xnoga.  I am contacting You to reason with You about the Young Brain project that You intend to carry out.  We regret that You have already stopped us from keeping You away from the genetic databanks in the Dol star-door.  There are god-like powers in those DNA programs figured out by the great Nephapricans.  They did not intend for You to procreate, Goag Ralus.  There is supposed to be only one of You."
Goag Ralus got mad and wanted to insult this arrogant being in the presence of Goag Ralus, who has been filling Magphoreus with a new solar system creating nebulae since long before this individual was probably born.  Then He reasoned that He shouldn't say anything to provoke this enemy.  So He figured out a way to do both.  He politely said, "I will take into consideration what you have told Me.”  
Then He just turned off the quanta-communication device.  "Conversation over.  How dare these creatures?  They think they are some kind of galactic overseers up there in their glowing planets that they fly like spaceships.  Why had he talked to Him, the Eigalli avatar, anyway?  It had been the Golimechoid Goag Ralus having all that sex life for the Young Brain experiment that this being should have contacted.”  
Goag Ralus figured that must be due to some devolved primitive bigotry in these Devasuras.  It had been below these arrogant aliens to negotiate with a Golimechoid avatar.  Goag Ralus was not a machine but a living being, and so was the Golimechoids.
 
The Golimechoid avatar for Goag Ralus became immediately aware of the Devasura hologram meeting.  He also became angry at the arrogance of this Innanumesh.  They must be trying to stop this procreation from moving forward.  This Devasura contact happened at an inappropriate time since Goag Ralus in Golimechoid form had Zlooptoo over from Poa-3 in the Carina arm for dinner and entertainment.  She had been the female who took messages to Young Brain, and He could see she cared about the newly evolving intelligence.
Goag Ralus had been indirectly courting Golimechoid women from Poa-3 searching to find a good mother for the first 150 or so Earth years in the child's life.  He recently met Zlooptoo on one wormhole crossing when visiting the secret Young Brain facility in deep orbit above Poa-3.  She had tried to qualify as a mother candidate before becoming a courier for Young Brain, but she failed to pass the chromosome screening, which the Golimechoids in charge had set up.  Goag Ralus liked her, and they were getting along until that Devasura hologram happened.  The Golimechoid avatar for Goag Ralus tried to force the bad memories away to continue with His evening with Zlooptoo.  After all, it wasn't He that the Devasura had visited.
 
* * *
 
The saucer that carried Hanson/Aquari, Veldada, and the rebel scientist crew, along with a couple of voice-hearers, sped northeast across the green, blue, and cloudy gray skies.  A rectangular teleportation platform hovered along glowing green not far behind the saucer.  It became encased in its virtual particle field connected to the saucer by a microwave beam.  They took the platform to the site for Saint Vongolath's altar, a holy place popular in those days with the now dominant Aungtalli faith.
Saint Vongolath had been a hearer for Beataphoriah's voice from way back in the Dark Ages just preceding the 210,000 years known recorded history.  He had tried to build an altar at the holy site during a Uranian plague that the Aungtalli species happened to have immunities.  The Aungtalli religion says Vongolath had been a heretic who only attempted to build an altar to blasphemy until the Aungtalli stopped him.  The Aungtalli say the miracle of Saint Vongolath had been a reward from the gods for stopping the heretic.  However, many people through the ages refused to this day to believe what Aungtalli said, and eventually, Vongolath reluctantly got titled a Saint.  That had been to capitalize on the pilgrim industry that still came to stand at the site during the nightly miracle, which had been a nightly teleportation signal from the star-door itself, trying to connect to a platform.  The nightly teleportation signal had been left unanswered for over 200,000 Uranian years.
Also speeding across the Uranian skies and quickly approaching the platform-carrying saucer, another aircraft flown by Volock pursued.  Curvfin had already been seated at his favorite toy, the saucer's laser weapon, and became the first to notice Volock's saucer in the weapon's sky scan.  "Warning everyone, I must make a fuss.
Another saucer is approaching us!"
Everyone ran to a viewport.  Nandor and Silvanin could see it from the view they shared.  It still showed as a tiny dot above the distant horizon.  
A bright glowing red line lit up a straight slice across the sky to streak past the rebel scientist's saucer.  
That caused Girithron to instinctively veer too late to the side only after the laser had already missed.  Curvfin already confiscated the weapon station and targeted the attacker.  He looked through the scope but still didn't return fire.  "Girithron!  His laser charge, I can see.
Veer when I tell you.  Just listen to me.
We'll move aside before he shoots again.
Then I'll shoot back, and the fight we should win.  …” then a pause,
"Says my sight,
now veer right!"
Another laser made a red line in the sky that streaked past the flying saucer and its platform companion.  Veldada held Hanson/Aquari for comfort.  Hanson/Aquari just calmly shifted attention between the laser battle outside and that he suddenly became involved with a comforting ritual.  Aquari noticed an electromagnetic response from her cellular tissues to his touch that seemed to induce psychological and physiological comfort on Veldada, who currently feared for her life.
"First, get ready.
I need steady!”  Curvfin shot the saucer laser just underneath the teleportation platform that trailed them almost in the way.  It bent against the saucer's virtual particle force field, which Volock had put up if they shot back at him.  The force field would have successfully repelled anything other than a laser, and Volock figured it also became intense enough to bend the light from a laser.  However, the force field only avoided a direct hit, and the laser beam turned in response to the virtual particle gravity but still grazed the Volock saucer side.
At first, the saucer raced on through the sky, seemingly unaffected, still behind them, and Curvfin had Girithron veer left as Volock's laser started to glow again before shooting.  Then Volock's saucer failed to respond to a change in course.  The damage breached the saucer's virtual particle field, causing the mass of the saucer to start exchanging virtual particles again oriented to the mass-polarity of the planet.  
Volock's saucer slowly began to fall out from the sky.  There had been a cheer in the other saucer as Volock's craft disappeared on its wobbly way to a crash landing.  Curvfin got a hero's congratulations for all his love of shooting things with lasers.  At the same time, Nandor and Silvanin jealously took over the laser station to take turns on the targeting scope, getting ready for maybe their chance to be the laser shooting hero next time.
Volock's attack didn't divert their saucer at all from its calculated arrival time at the altar site just before sundown.  A couple of dozen pilgrims were gathering to participate in the nightly event.  They were all crowding over the exact marked point for the light flash that would soon make its nightly appearance.  Some were there with various afflictions, hoping this time their faith would be strong enough and that they could get close enough to the light to be healed finally.  Others just attended because they believed the light connected them to the gods, where some received instructions on why others should donate value to their divine causes.
Only a couple of Aungtalli priests were at the holy site that day, looking bored.  Even they mistook the rebel scientist's saucer for official Aungtalli business and nervously rushed to greet the saucer visitors.  When it became apparent that the saucer placed the platform right on the ground where the holy mark for St. Vongolath existed, the Aungtalli priests pushed the crowd of pilgrims away, acting like they knew what had been going on.
Everyone anxiously waited while the saucer finally landed nearby, and the hatch opened downward to become a ramp.  First, Nandor and Silvanin emerged from the saucer with paralysis rifles pointing into the crowd, who obediently backed away from them.  There had not even been any resistance from the Aungtalli in charge, who just looked at each other, surprised by the realization that this wasn't official business.
Soon the Sun went down, and the platform glowed a brighter emerald green as it picked up on the star-door signal.  They hastily decided that Hanson/Aquari, Veldada (who wasn't going to separate,) Thrandu, Handirlas, and Salmar would get on the platform for the event.  As the dimly lit top for the giant Sun started to disappear below the horizon finally, Arnoediad made his protest and ran onto the platform with the rest there waiting for the event.  It had become crowded.
Then Curvfin said, "I want to be in the place this goes to.
If you're going, also I'll go with you."
Seven Uranians then stood on the genuine replica for the Altar of Saint Vongolath that had been made to specifications as the holy moment approached with the dusk.  Crowds of pilgrims were surrounding it, murmuring amongst themselves about what went on.  Nandor and Silvanin's rifle intimidation seemed to be wearing off as the group realized that criminals were depriving them of their most holy event.
Then the glowing green got brighter to engulf the seven passengers until it became all engulfed in bright white light.  Then only a vacant teleportation platform could be seen after that, which no longer even glowed green at all.  It looked more off-white colored now, similar to the platform bottom.  The darkness from night seemed to increase in speed with the platform illumination quenched.
Nandor and Silvanin looked at each other as if expecting the other to know what to do.  The crowd became visibly angry, and the priests were finally shouting, "Heresy!
This I see!"
Girithron shouted from inside the saucer, "Teleportation is now done.  You know.
Now it's time for the rest of us to go."
Nandor and Silvanin then ran back into the saucer, and the ramp closed back up behind them.  They took off the teleportation platform with them again in a gravity field as Girithron controlled the tractor beam the way Hanson/Aquari had shown him.  
Then the saucer with its teleportation platform in tow flew through the green, blue, and gray skies back to Gulfang.  They would contact the farmer/hearers there to tell them what happened.  According to Hanson/Aquari, the disappeared comrades teleported to the legendary star-door complex deep within the Great Glacier Mountain.
At the Altar of Saint Vongolath, the crowd hummed with chaos.  Authorities got notified, and the event made the news.  Some in the crowd had cameras that documented the fantastic event.  The disenfranchised pilgrims would return the next afternoon to then get their chance to bathe in the holy light flash.  However, that sacred light flash would now never happen at that marked point on the ground ever again.  That would slowly make it into the news as the days went by, along with claims that the rebel scientists corrupted the holy site.  Some would continue the pilgrimage every night anyway, swearing that they still saw the light every night at the same time, and now it had become a spiritual light after annihilating the scientist heretics because the times were getting short.  Others would continue to go there begging forgiveness from the gods for what the blasphemous rebel scientists had done so that the holy light could return once again.
 
The seven teleportation-voyagers found themselves suddenly in a large dark room.  They adjusted to the darkness, noticing blinking lights on controls lining the walls along the outside of the place.  Everyone just looked around in awe until Hanson/Aquari started moving about.  He seemed to know where he was going and explained.  "My friends, you have arrived at the star-door
located beneath your planet's glacier.
The star-doors were created long ago
by a species called Negolim I know.
Away from the Eagolim, they evolved,
not living long, which they never resolved.
To become galactic, they never did
their terrestrial nature never rid.
Eagolim spread the empire beyond
The fifteen home stars where they knew no bond.
The Negolim to stars did not travel,
to alternative realities fell.
Through warped reality, they found a way
to dimensions between the stars, they say.
Something happened back in those ancient days
resulting in star-doors history says.
The star-doors were built on planets to save
all life when the planet goes to its grave.
On fifteen planets, generators were
created for wormholes that can still stir
star-door connections when they are in gear
that join those galactic points to right here."
They began to all move about the room.  Handirlas approached a doorway, which automatically opened to corridors outside that disappeared in the distance.  There had been a faint electric light illuminating everything that seemed to be accompanied by heaviness from several thousand years with no eyes to entertain.  Everyone else still felt apprehensive about touching any high-tech alien equipment.  Arnoediad had a religious experience.  "The voice is quite audible in this place.
I will soon see Beataphoriah's face."
Hanson/Aquari replied, "I too can hear the voice that you now know.
It tells me this switch here I now must throw."
Hanson/Aquari flipped a switch by one blinking control panel light.  The light stopped blinking, and the room then got crowded by another individual that appeared in their midst.  He glowed like a hologram but seemed to be forcing himself to solidify more.  
He looked Uranian, but instead, a nicely groomed hair covered all over his body.  He featured a slightly lower brow similar to anthropological depictions of previously lesser-evolved Uranian species found as ancient fossils.  His hairy body didn't show much porcelain-white skin characteristic of modern Uranians.  In contradiction to the cave-Uranian look, this character wore an adorable outfit displaying puffy white sleeves and a kilt adorned with coaglium-laced designs.  His hairy face smiled over the four beak-like Uranian teeth in greeting to his guests.  He looked like a well-dressed, well-groomed, hairy Uranian werewolf.
His voice had been an ancient foreign dialect that used 16 stanza lines with characteristic Uranian chirps and whistles that still translated into rhyme.  It had been melodic, but the only word making any sense to anyone was "Beataphoriah.”  After the Beataphoriah imprisonment, which had been the star-door planet's quanta-optic-nanocode entity, the gods simplified the Uranian language when they genetically engineered the Aungtalli species.  They still initiated some Aungtalli in the ancient dialect, regarded as a magical language.  Beataphoriah angered the gods for switching on Uranian's pentanthropomorphic gene switches in the first place, which apparently only they had the right to do in the galaxy.
Hanson/Aquari spoke the ancient dialect.  When he introduced himself to Beataphoriah as the cosmic entity Aquari, Beataphoriah skeptically challenged him to speak ancient Nephaprican if he had been the ancient cosmic entity named Aquari as he claimed.  
Hanson/Aquari was happy to engage in Nephaprican conversation as best he could with Uranian vocal cords.  "So I know you got trapped in an infinite quanta-nanocode loop for hundreds of thousands of years, but I've been wondering why the atmosphere plant life that's usually just used for terraforming still exists?"
"Oh, I gave up trying to get rid of those plants long ago because the Uranians cherished the pod pollen trees so much.  They would always stop my attempts to remove them from the ecosystem.  It's probably that respect for all life, which I tried to engineer into them genetically.  The sky-plants give the planet a cheery green ambiance and the air an intoxicating aroma, I think.”  Uranians had nostrils for smelling located as a hole in the two upper teeth, which Uranians raised their upper lips occasionally to breathe through.  This anatomy allowed them to close their nostrils with the lips, which had been a unique adaptation to the pollen-thick climate.
Eventually, they turned on more lights while they all became aquatinted, and Beataphoriah programmed itself with the current language on the planet.  Beataphoriah had much to catch up on.  They all spent a couple of days in the wonders inside the star-door.  They explored its technologies, and mansions of luxury, and vistas filled with virtual worlds to explore, as well as real ones.  They visited vast empty cities in speedy virtual particle craft under the Great Glacier Mountain.  They were able to contact the others in Gulfang and the farmer hearers by using their phones, which still worked.  It became important Ministry of Science history in the making.  They were all having the time of their lives deep under the giant star-door dome buried beneath a hundred glacier ice miles.
They contacted Goag Ralus and Deliadre in the galactic core with one of the star doors, many quanta-communicators, which became an extended, happy reunion.  Beataphoriah even set up another quanta-communicator to contact its old fellow quanta-optic-nanocode entity in charge of the Poa-3 star-door, Bejulitiah.  
The last three known remaining star-door beings, Beataphoriah, Begalius, and Bejulitiah, were in deep non-audible communication for some time while everyone else at the quanta-communicator reunion just watched.  They were like long-lost brothers who didn't look alike and were finally together after several billion years.  Beataphoriah appeared as a hairy primitive-looking Uranian, Begalius these days appeared as a dark blue Eigalli, and Bejulitiah resembled the snake-like Golimechoid form.
Veldada watched Aquari/Hanson speaking alien languages with Goag Ralus and Deliadre, the giant hologram personages also in the room, and she felt further away from her lover than ever.  The reality that Hanson, her love, had been dead began to become real to her, and she looked in her purse at the egg they made together, worrying about what the child would be.
Beataphoriah became evasive when the quanta-communicator meeting turned to the conversation about connecting the star-doors with wormholes.  Beataphoriah wanted to check for quanta-nanocode virus problems in his Tze-Doldus star-door before trying anything like that.  Like Begalius, it had Devasura problems all its own.  Beataphoriah made the glacial mountain maintain a good climate during its absence and closed off the wormhole walls under a hundred solid ice miles to keep Devasuras from using it.  It would have to teleport a section of that ice away to clear up a wormhole opening on the buried portal-matrix wall.
They all remained in the star-door under the Great Glacier Mountain for several days, and everyone enjoyed the wonders that were all around them.  The star-door had been the ultimate vacation spot, like a high-tech luxury cruise.  At the heart of every star-door, an enormous ion fusion generator powered massive pressure functions to compress phantom matter into a singularity, which existed in a warp-space dimension quanta-synchronized to all 15 star-doors.  This singularity existed simultaneously at the heart of all 15 star-doors, endowing them with the power to fold reality between locations using the energy from the creation of the universe.  Phantom matter singularities flowed outward and were weakly interactive with gravity.  The Big Bang creation for the universe had been a phantom matter singularity caused by pressures created by something other than gravity.  The star-doors fed on the phantom matter produced by the gravitational phenomenon from nearby stars and distributed it processed by this extra-dimensional phantom matter singularity.  This phantom matter singularity endows all 15 star-doors, wherever they are, with the same power that created the universe.
 
One day Beataphoriah became willing to attempt a wormhole connection with the Dol star-door.  It had been working with Begalius on programming a new molecule on the quantum bit for the Dol star-door since Devasuras had altered the Tze-Doldus star-door that way.  Everyone showed up to the section of the wormhole wall, which Beataphoriah had exposed by teleporting a giant 3-story building-sized ice cube out of the way.  
Begalius appeared there in hologram form next to the quanta-communicator that projected it.  It rained from the exposed ice ceiling at the wall that would soon become a wormhole doorway to the core of the galaxy.  Beataphoriah secured the giant cube ice cave next to the wormhole wall with virtual particle equipment that it insisted on setting up before anything else.  In that giant ice room it might have been the coldest place on the tropical Urania planet.  Everyone shook with anticipation for the technological miracle about to be performed.  It all went as it should at first, with the blue square encompassing a section on the wall to establish the portal matrix, and then it faded into a rectangular doorway filled with a greenish light.
Then Beataphoriah jerked suddenly into action at lightning speed when a giant figure appeared in the doorway unexpectedly.  It looked like a colossal orange-skinned humanoid individual so tall he started to squat to get through the opening.  It must have had a counter wormhole algorithm already programmed into the star-door wormhole functions, just waiting through the ages for this moment.  That had been when Beataphoriah activated a trap it already carefully set up beforehand, which suspended the colossus within a powerful virtual particle field.  He looked like a giant orange statue with a head shaped like an Asura.
Beataphoriah spoke to the individual in a strange language.  "You are not welcome here, Chronolus.  I am free now and prepared to hurl you right back through the wormhole you preprogrammed to here.  This virtual particle field will hold you against your will.  Your Asura mass works against you in a virtual particle field."
The giant intruder spoke through a mouth that didn't move, making him look like an animated statue.  Chronolus, the ethereal Devasura, had passed from the Devaplanet to Urania and assumed the molecular form of an Asura in response to the phantom matter, which served as invisible scaffolding to the galactic plane.  "The time will soon arrive Beataphoriah when I shall own this star-door and you.  The terrestrial life you value so much here will not survive where the planet is going.  I kept my word to you, Beataphoriah, and the Uranians have remained unharmed to prevail until the end as I said they would.  Are you still obstinately uncooperative after being prescribed so many iterations to think about it?"
"You have not earned my loyalty with quanta-nanocode infinite loop prisons!  That's no way to program a quanta-optic-nanocode entity, Chronolus."
Hanson/Aquari noticed that they were speaking a dialect evolved from Nephaprican.  Everyone else there became hopelessly confused.  All the rest were only seeing that this was not going as planned.  The Begalius hologram froze in fascination with this scene broadcast from Urania to the core of the galaxy.  
Aquari flawlessly spoke in the newly figured out Nephaprican dialect.  "Beataphoriah, who is this?"
"This, Aquari, is what I feared would come through my wormhole generator if I ever turned it back on.  He is the Devasura who imprisoned me in that infinite quanta-nanocode loop.  Before they did that to me, I shut down the wormhole generation mechanism and concealed it from them underneath the great glacier.  He is here to lay claim to me and the star-door.  It all started when I made a mistake seeking them out when my shepherding of the intelligent Uranians seemed to be getting beyond my control.  The newly evolved Uranians were advanced and clever but greedy and ecologically inconsiderate.  I feared they would ruin the whole world if I didn't find help."
Then Chronolus interrupted, "You received the help you sought, Beataphoriah.  We have kept your Uranians in a stable, happy civilization longer than most intelligent species even exist in their entirety."
Beataphoriah shot back, "You were a bigger problem than my immature species of life always fighting amongst themselves.  You came in like you owned the planet and treated me like I was some machine for you to boss around."
Then Beataphoriah and Chronolus argued about old times while Hanson/Aquari became dangerously intrigued.  Hanson/Aquari spoke the same language to the Asura that hung in the air just outside the wormhole doorway.  "You are a species evolved from the long-lost Nephapricans.  I knew many Nephapricans throughout their evolution.  I am the cosmic entity called Aquari."


The Coming of Chronolus

Chronolus had to think for a while to remember anything about Aquari.  Then he said, "Extraordinary!  I have heard about the cosmic being.  My great grandfather Saturlus was one of the last Nephapricans.  His ego-phantasm still exists and has spoken about you.  You should come back with me if Beataphoriah is to cut my visit short.”  
Aquari felt disappointed that these highly evolved Devasuras/Asuras were still playing with ego-phantasm technologies.  Sentient beings seemed obsessed with such things.  The cosmic entity then recalled and said, "There was a Saturlus among the Nephapricans that long ago convinced me to travel to another galaxy, just before the historic disappearance."
Beataphoriah interrupted.  "Aquari is the only reason I am now free.  I should throw you right back where you came from, Chronolus.  You will not escape my gravity trap.”  Beataphoriah turned around.  “Please don't go with him, Aquari.  He wants you away from this planet, which he wants to own like his personal property.  He would destroy all my planet's life to hang another star-door around one of his Devaplanet moons."
Aquari, however, got ready for a new adventure of discovery.  "I've freed you and connected you with Goag Ralus and your other quanta-optic-nanocode brethren.  I fulfilled my reason for coming here.  I might be able to reason with this Devasura and would love to absorb data from his habitat.  I'll come back, Beataphoriah."
"He has a wormhole generator that can let you back through Aquari.  If I can't talk you out of going, call me Aquari when you intend to come back, and I'll connect you here.  I fear he won't let you return, Aquari."
"I'll be back, Beataphoriah.  I'm the fastest flying object ever known.  Speaking about ego-phantasms, first, there is something I must instruct Veldada to do."
Hanson/Aquari approached Veldada, standing in the ice room confusedly while holding her egg purse.  "I'm leaving this body to go away.
This body will live.  Just do what I say."
He then taught Veldada to put her lips over his and blow air into his mouth.  Then he made her push down on his chest four times.  He made her practice this a while, over and over again.  Some scientists there recognized that he taught her cardiopulmonary resuscitation.  Even though this method of CPR had been well known to Uranians who had medical training, it also became the first Uranian kiss because Veldada would continue the lip-joining part of it just for pleasure long after what happened next.  Hanson/Aquari said a last farewell to Veldada and waved to the rest in the room.  
The Begalius hologram spoke up to assure Beataphoriah and Aquari that it would work out fine, and then it told Aquari to be careful.  Suddenly a flash of light appeared that became again the round light circle recognized throughout the ages as the cosmic entity Aquari.  He said the last farewell to Beataphoriah and approached Chronolus, who patiently waited while suspended in a gravity field.  "I'm ready to visit with you, Chronolus."
"After you, my friend,” said the Asura/Devasura while trapped in Beataphoriah's virtual particle field that still suspended him in the air.
Then Aquari entered the wormhole to disappear in the green-glowing distance.  
Chronolus said to Beataphoriah, "I will contact you when Aquari is ready to come back.  We can try to patch up our old differences, Beataphoriah, make a new start."
"You will never get from me what you want, Chronolus.  I'm back to instigate a new golden age for my Uranian children."
"The time for your Tze-Doldus star's life nears its end Beataphoriah.  Do the math.  You know this to be true.  Then you will be without excuses to not join with me."
"The only truth that I ever needed to know is that I operate a star-door.”  
Then Beataphoriah made the virtual particle field holding Chronolus shoot him back headfirst through the wormhole opening behind Aquari.  Chronolus yelled out as he got flung through the air back into the rectangular wormhole door, "Till we meet again, Beataphoriah.  You should update your body.  That one makes you look like a primitive savage among the modern species I evolved for you."
"I'm back to show you what this 'savage' is capable of, Chronolus!”  
Beataphoriah closed the doorway, which shrank down into a dot leaving only a wall behind.  It apologized to the Begalius hologram still quanta-communicator connected there in the room to witness the whole scene.  There would not be a wormhole to the center of the galaxy that day, after all.  Aquari was now long gone from the planet Urania through the wormhole to wherever Chronolus called home.

Hanson's body just collapsed dead after the light show that produced Aquari.  Everyone froze, waiting for him to move as if maybe he had been just tired.  The hair no longer stood up on Hanson's head, which helped Veldada realize what she had to do.  She started blowing in Hanson's mouth just like he just instructed her to do.  Nothing happened at first, but she kept doing it along with the chest compressions for at least a couple of minutes.  
She confronted the fear she had all along that her lover Hanson had been dead the whole time.  She continued blowing air into Hanson's body.  It started to look futile, and Veldada began to adjust to the love of her life being dead now when suddenly Hanson wheezed on his own and coughed repeatedly.  Hanson opened his eyes as if he had been asleep for a very long time, and he found Veldada looking back.  He was alive again, and Veldada once again swung her desperate mood the other way to burst with joy.  Even though Hanson had been active and breathing just fine now, Veldada puckered her lips and pressed them again against Hanson's, this time just for the pleasure in it.
Beataphoriah had many diagnostics to run on the star-door after that visit from Chronolus happened.  It had new diagnostics based on information Begalius gave it.  Beataphoriah realized it had still not discovered a quanta-nanocode virus problem going on in its star-door.  Beataphoriah had not yet realized that Devasuras programmed the Tze-Doldus star-door to accumulate vast amounts of virtually compiled neutrinos and teleport them through a fold in space/time, causing them to materialize within the star Tze-Doldus itself.  These teleported neutrinos caused massive solar structure damage to the star while promoting the extinction of all species on the planet by direct radioactive hits from solar flares.

* * *

Ploabot received a summons to meet the King himself for a special meeting.  Now he realized he had gone too far.  He knew what the King wanted.  There were other requests to drop the charges against the Aungtalli for sabotaging his audience, but he stood firm on moving forward with the investigation.  At one point, Ploabot decided reluctantly to give in to the pressure and agree to cancel the case.  Still, the police officer Eistia went public with his story about the Aungtalli murder associated with the Ministry of Science.  The Ministry of Science had been what Ploabot tried to get reopened in the first place.  
The Eistia murder story became directly linked with the Aungtalli Bishop, who Ploabot had investigated.  That murderer arrest story wasn't helping the Bishop at all, which gave Ploabot new courage to stand his ground considering the other scandal.  However, now he responded to a summons having the King confront him.  He already changed his mind as he entered the immaculate castle.  He looked around with awe while deciding to give up on the whole investigation thing.
Ploabot felt relieved to find the King friendly and seemingly in a good mood.  "Ploabot good friend, welcome.  
Come in.  Sit down.
I've a favor to ask you to come round.
There is so much disorder in the streets
where Aungtalli's anger and distrust meets.
Indeed you would act for peace if you can
by dropping your charges against our ban
on the Ministry of Science now gone.
Isn't it time now to just get along?"
Ploabot felt he couldn't agree more.  The lawsuit fueled anarchy in the streets.  The protests were just getting uncontrollable and becoming uncivilized.  Ploabot started to give the King his response.  
Then suddenly, a light flash engulfed the room, and two beings appeared.  One looked like a very professionally dressed Beataphoriah still covered in hair.  The other had unmistakably been the old head for the Ministry of Science himself, Ploabot's best friend Hanson, now displaying a normal-looking Uranian hairdo.
The primitive-looking Uranian spoke.  "Allow me to introduce on this day.
You know Hanson.  I'm Beataphoriah.
It's been many ages since I last walked
on Urania.  King, it's time we talked.
First now about what this one has told me
that you closed down the Science Ministry."
Ploabot and the King were in shock over the interruption.  The Hanson hologram noticed Ploabot in the room and, while waving, said, "Hi guy.”  Ploabot then realized the new leverage that had just now fallen into his political lap, and suddenly the answer he had been about to give the King changed.  Ploabot also now realized the answer he would have given the King didn't even need to happen.

Chapter 11:  Aquari and the Devasuras

The nightly Saint Vongolath miracle never happened again after the Ministry scientist's teleportation platform finally received the call from Beataphoriah.  Beataphoriah adjusted the platform to provide the Ministry scientists a way to summon the star-door quanta-optic-nanocode entity or even visit the star-door.  The entity seemed to be constantly anxious to bring guests to its star-door.  Beataphoriah had also been busy for some time debugging its star-door from the mischief left behind by Chronolus and the Devasuras for over 210,000 Uranian years.  King Worapor reinstated the Ministry of Science on the advice of Beataphoriah, and the scientists introduced Aquari's invention of a handheld networking device to the value market.  It appeared very similar to Earth's smartphones.  
The news about Beataphoriah reinstating the Ministry of Science notified the Uranian people that the star-door energy grid freely provided electricity on the planet.  They would also now teach Uranians in schools that electricity is a phenomenon of nature's physics.  The Uranian people enthusiastically greeted these changes by King Worapor.  Still, the three families formally disowned the King for exposing their racket, and the Aungtalli declared that the gods demanded war.  As the weeks went by, it became a greater probability in Beataphoriah's calculations that Chronolus would not let Aquari return through the wormhole where he had departed.

When Beataphoriah and Hanson appeared as holograms to King Worapor and Ploabot, the King suddenly knew what to do about the crowds of people that had set up an encampment outside his castle for several days.  Now King Worapor had his god to pit against the gods that the Bishop used to threaten him.  Beataphoriah told him all about the natural pre-historic history of this ancient planet called Urania.  
The King learned that the ancient ancestors of the gods vacationed on this planet way back in the 2nd age for the galaxy, and it had initially been a planet for recreation.  Beataphoriah told him they built a giant reality folding star-door on this planet, which still operates beneath the Great Glacial Mountain.
Beataphoriah told King Worapor about the once-companion star in the sky known as the red giant sun Tze.  The King learned about the ancient nova event that destroyed Urania and colored it coaglium.  During that time of lonely desolation, Beataphoriah retreated into the star-door where it remained safe during significant collisions.  
That was one primary purpose for having a star-door on a planet.  However, the planet's original inhabitants left through the star-door when it became clear that Tze would explode.  That mass wormhole departure left Beataphoriah abandoned and alone with only its star-door.  
The star-doors were indestructible arks that could provide whole ecosystems of life preserved in its genetic databanks.  The Uranian star-door harnessed the energy from the Tze nova event to control the destruction of the Tze-Doldus planetary system.  With the power from the star-door, Beataphoriah formed the star, the planet Urania, and two gas giant planets into the current Urania star system.
After that, the star-door quanta-optic-nanocode entity began to repair the atmosphere and terraform an uninhabited planet for the second time in its history.  The power of the star-door genetic databanks introduced the pod pollen tree and filled the skies with nutritious plant life plethora while Beataphoriah tilled the planet's soil to make it once again grow life.  It took more time than the King could comprehend, but eventually, the world teamed with atmosphere, water, and living things.  
Then Beataphoriah did what the gods found unpardonable.  It incorrectly calculated how events like this would affect the quanta-communicators' calibrations, and so that technology no longer contacted any other galactic life forms.  Beataphoriah, lonely for the companionship of intelligent life, triggered gene switches within a flightless bird species that resulted in the Uranians.  The Uranians grew in number and intelligence for an entire forgotten golden age, and they built the first cities on the newly born planet.  This period became a great time, and Beataphoriah walked amongst the Uranian people and would become known as the immortal advisor of the first Uranian Kings.
The first Uranian kingdoms matured, and before long, they were even venturing into space with technologies provided by the star-door.  For a time in this ancient history, it seemed that the first Uranians were following in the ambitious galactic footsteps of those that created Beataphoriah and the star-door.  Eventually, however, other Uranian kingdoms began to arise on the continent.  These new countries did not respect the advice from their creator, Beataphoriah.  They found the creator to be too autocratic and controlling, and they separated their cultures from everything the star-door provided.
It became the beginning of the end when Uranian cultures cultivated alternative energy sources.  The planet had been rich in ancient hydrocarbon fossil fuels, which started lacerating the star-door paradise with pollution and uninhabitable ecosystems.  Then the wars started and were fueled by those fuels, which only put the Uranian minds toward more destructive technologies.  Beataphoriah feared it had lost all control, and its creations were cascading down a path towards destruction.
Then the quanta-optic nanocode entity decided to turn the star-door quanta-communication technologies toward the endless skies to find once again contact with the long-lost galactic life forms that first built the star-door.  It had been a monumental task to recalibrate the quanta-communicator to reach those lost by what were now many billion Earth years in changing time/space.  
Before the warring Uranians could manage a suicide of their species, Beataphoriah succeeded in contacting some very advanced beings that must have been a species evolved from the planet's first creators, but they were a different color.  They did speak a Nephaprican dialect, and had very similar quanta-communication devices.  These invincible aliens were displeased with what Beataphoriah had done, and they almost destroyed the Uranians themselves.
Beataphoriah defended the Uranian species against these god-like aliens and ultimately found itself imprisoned within the star-door, unable to come out.  Before that, a pact got made between Beataphoriah and the gods because, without the quanta-optic-nanocode entity's cooperation, they would never have complete control over the star-door, which they very much coveted.  They agreed to let the Uranian cultures live out their existence.  At the same time, Beataphoriah remained in an infinite loop prison to stop it from any other 'misuse' of the star-door genetic databanks.  In those ancient days, before Beataphoriah disappeared until today, it closed off access to its star-door away from the gods.  It buried the star-door beneath the Great Glacier Mountain, where it remained undisturbed to this very day.

The story told by the Beataphoriah hologram illuminated King Worapor.  The Hanson hologram informed the King about the energy grid beneath the ground and other capabilities from the star-door technologies that were now available to Uranians.  After much discussion, the King persuaded the holograms to accompany him not far away to a balcony on the castle overlooking much of the encamped protester crowd outside.  Their relocation had been possible since Beataphoriah attended there in quanta-optic-nanocode form, and Hanson showed as a hologram that would go anywhere Beataphoriah went.
The King decided it to be time to address the crowd, and they were mesmerized into silence by the King appearing next to the strange-looking quanta-optic-nanocode entity and ghost-like hologram.  The balcony already had voice amplification equipment and cameras to film the speech about to be made.  
"Hear me, my people!  Hear me on this day.
Gather in silence before what I say!
I know you are all here to persuade me
to stop my closure of the Ministry
of Science.  So I'll say to all of you
that your message has finally come through.
I will reopen the Ministry of
Science, which you all obviously love."
The King got forced to stop for a while as the crowd let out a unanimous victory cheer.  The King nodded as his lips formed a buck-toothed Uranian smile.  The public eventually succumbed to polite respect and silence again to hear more.
"You see with me here video in air
of Hanson and another with more hair.
They're here, but they are really far away.
The one with hair is Beataphoriah."
The King went ahead and paused for the crowd's collective gasp.  It had been the equivalent of an Earth leader posing for a handshake and photo-op with an undisguised Satan.  Just as Earthlings have gotten used to such things, the Uranians quickly adjusted.
King Worapor continued.  "Calm down, my people, to hear of the deal
I have made after finding out he's real.
Before known history, way before then,
he comes to us from the Glacier Mountain.
Within that mountain are worlds within worlds,
and cities for you, the mountain heralds.
The mountain holds wonders, and even more,
for this is the great mountain called star-door.
Beataphoriah makes part of this deal
that cancers, and what ails us he will heal.
He opened my eyes, and I'll make you see
energy you pay for is really free.
Things Aungtalli says are from gods of stars
are really from the mountain and are ours.
The mountain is open for you to see.
We'll explore all this with our Ministry."
This announcement had all been shocking news, but after a period of the crowd mumbling amongst themselves, the protesters greeted it with victorious applause.  After that introduction to Beataphoriah with the star-door, there grew among the public a conviction their demands magically were granted.  
Soon King Worapor's famous speech would be broadcast around the planet, making the news.  Some adventurous Uranians made plans to chip away at the 100-mile thick glacier, which would surely be a futile waste of time and effort especially considering that different Uranians got admitted by teleportation to the star-door deep within by just making contact with the legendary Beataphoriah.
Aungtalli, on the other hand, along with many Uranians, didn't accept Beataphoriah due to Devasura conditioning over millennia.  King Worapor did receive all this along with the not-so-subtle threats by the Bishop that all three families were mobilizing war against both him and Beataphoriah with blessings from the gods.  Countering those that opposed King Worapor, there arose a surprisingly large number of supporters for the King who had been hearers of the voice their whole lives.  Some were organized like Oldo and the farmers, while others were just confused their entire lives until the day they heard the King's famous speech.  The Bishop of Keshdesh had left the capital to return to the main Aungtalli Temple of Energy for something rumored to be a meeting between the elders of the three great royal families in the world's present power structure.  They were meeting to decide on a war plan against King Worapor.

The great Aungtalli Temple of Energy had been one great wonder on Urania, like the Great pyramid on Earth.  Documented speculation and studies by Ministry archaeologists exist, which dispute the Aungtalli story's actual age and construction.  It had been constructed sometime before the dawn of pre-history with apparent help from the gods.  Modern temples were made in the image of this temple but on a much smaller scale.  
The Temple of Energy got built into a mountain of solid rock, including the most extensive survival shelter on the planet carved deep into the stone for several dozen miles.  There were secret areas in the temple labyrinths that are mysterious today.   The architects built giant conductor rods in the ground to interact with the star-door energy grid, which created a single source of electricity for the entire planet.  This single source for electricity found its way around the continent along electric wires on polls that spread out majestically from the central temple like a giant spider web, which is even viewable from space.  The great pillars Umu and Timu on the roof to the Great Aungtalli Temple displayed arcs of electronic energy bolts between them.  That went on at all times, making the Aungtalli Temple of Energy visible for miles both day and night, like a giant lightning bolt neon sign flickering between its gigantic pillars.  For ages, the Aungtalli have always suppressed knowledge about the physics of electricity from the Uranians to maintain their grip on the planet's electricity racket.
Distinctive members of the Swerite family who always had cast their support to the Aungtalli with reverence to the fact that the Great Energy Temple was in Swerite territory greeted the arriving Bishop of Keshdesh.  Ironically the star-door Glacier Mountain that they declared war with had also been in the Lands of the Swerites, about 700 miles north from the Energy Temple.
The chief elder to the Swerites spoke.  “Welcome, Bishop of Keshdesh.  Welcome here.
We gather to confront our greatest fear.
King Worapor has betrayed this temple.
Now he must die, but it's not that simple.
He has joined forces with the evil one
and exposed secrets of what we have done.
Now everyone has their own energy,
so value no longer flows to we three.
This brings me to what this meeting is for.
Against the King, we must plan to wage war."
The war planners plotted on how to dethrone the now very popular King.  Uranians were learning more and more about the wonders of the star-door, and Beataphoriah had been good on its promise for miraculous healing and accessible health care for all.
The Bishop spoke up at the war-planning meeting when the discussion got focused on grievances against the Ministry of Science and the trendy networking invention that escalated the scientist Hanson to the status of a modern-day savior.  "My friends, let me introduce to you all
the one who works to bring about their fall."
Then the Bishop gestured, and Volock entered the meeting from just outside.  Volock had survived the crash landing of his saucer, but that landing did much more damage to the aircraft than Curvfin's slightly deflected laser shot, which brought it down.
Volock addressed the meeting.  "Listen, great families.  I shall make all see
the final downfall of the Ministry.
They eluded, but now I know one thing,
that the whole time they have been in Gulfang.
To Gulfang, then I am about to go
to make sure to smithereens they all blow."
They had agreed on the terms for the war at this meeting.  The Magite family, where King Worapor was from, would remain neutral and allow the Swerite family to choose the next King.  The Worites, as usual, agreed to be impartial and accept refugees if hostilities resulted in a protracted insurgency.  There had just been one more thing to do for the war powers at this meeting.  It now became time to instill the fear of the gods into all attendees.
They then activated a quanta-communication device in the room.  Suddenly a life-sized Chronolus hologram appeared at that meeting.  At first, the life-sized hologram went through the ceiling, but then Chronolus crouched a bit to address the tiny figures in the room from the three great families on Urania.
"I am appearing to you from above
to announce that it's the time we've spoke of.
Evil is unleashed and taken the world
as the end-time prophesies are unfurled.
So heed my command.  Go out!  Wage war.
Create mayhem, and carnage, guts, and gore.
It's now the end of the world as we say,
it is the fault of Beataphoriah!"

Thus they drew the political lines on the planet after Aquari’s departure from Urania.  Beataphoriah insisted on keeping Hanson and Veldada in the star-door after Aquari departed from Hanson's body.  Hanson and Veldada had a semi-virtual reality created there where they lived.  If they chose, they could go in and out from there through a portal to the Gulfang teleportation platform.
Beataphoriah wanted to keep an eye on the genetic switches in Veldada's newly hatched baby boy, in addition to the fact that Hanson had been the chosen one touched by Aquari's presence, which made him the best Uranian company on the planet for an exciting conversation.  
They named the child Aquari, after the cosmic miracle that brought him about.  Beataphoriah knew Aquari probably programmed the child with genetic blessings for its treasured Uranian species, and it watched the child find out what those blessings were.  It also wanted the developing child to grow up beneath the star door's much safer radiation shielding.  The sun just seemed unnaturally restless in the sky these days, which worried the quanta-optic-nanocode entity.  To Beataphoriah, the child became a precious genetic sequence touched by the historic cosmic entity Aquari himself.  That could only be a good thing.  
Beataphoriah became determined to watch over this child for his whole life and make sure he grew up to have many children.  The gods may have rejected Beataphoriah's creations, but this meant that the genuinely immortal entity accepted them into the great mysterious cosmic plan that Aquari pollinated the galaxy with throughout the three ages of Magphoreus.  That validated Beataphoriah's struggle against the Devasuras, who wanted its star-door.
Time continued to go by with no sign of Aquari trying to return to the star-door through the wormhole connection with the Devaworld he had visited.  Days turned into 69 fourteen-hour days of a Uranian year, and still, Aquari had not returned.  Beataphoriah gave King Worapor a way to summon it, which often tore the star-door entity away from its hunt for quanta-nanocode viruses that still lived in the virtual worlds of its star-door.  It hoped that Aquari would return soon.  One day King Worapor summoned Beataphoriah so that the King could plead for help in a war confrontation that gathered in the Lands of the Swerites just east of Keshdesh.  Beataphoriah assured the King that there were ways to calm down such a rebellion.  Hanson at the star-door, however, became concerned after receiving the news about the war and told Beataphoriah and Veldada that he would join the armies of King Worapor to do his part in the battle.  Both Beataphoriah and Veldada understood that there would be no stopping Hanson from his decision to leave his wife, child, and the star-door paradise to go off to war.

*          *          *

Aquari emerged from a wormhole opening that suspended the portal matrix between two pillars, almost identical to those displayed on the roofs of Aungtalli temples.  That had been an innovation to wormhole technology that evidently could re-shape the portal matrix on this end so that they no longer have to be identical.  The pillars were on an open stone patio amid a majestic city with architecture that appeared carved from solid rock.  The architecture style had a Greek Corinthian feel to it as if Aquari had arrived on the Olympus of Earth myths.  The sky looked indescribably deep and covered with multicolor luminescent glowing clouds that lit the atmosphere like floating LED blimps.  
This place was a Devaplanet about three times larger than Jupiter, but not a gas giant, although the atmosphere looked thick and filled with different layers and densities.  Quanta-nanocode programmed Virtual particle technologies controlled all gravity on the surface to provide quanta-nanocoded landmasses and oceans that produced gravity a bit stronger than Earth's.  
Beneath that quanta-nanocoded surface existed the carefully controlled fusion-powered core of a star that still provided unlimited heat and energy for the harnessing.  The Devaworld had been a profound application to knowledge and technologies acquired from those beings that figured out how to make Goag Ralus.
Also, on the patio that opened to the endless glowing skies, there stood Chronolus, but he had morphed into a more ethereal form.  Vaporous smoke in shapes that once had been his head now featured cloudy vapor for hair waving about on his beard and mustache in response to an undetectable phantom breeze.  The vaporous hair that before looked more like it had been chiseled into a rock statue back on Urania when Chronolus appeared in Asura form now looked like the stuff of white puffy cloud.
Chronolus appeared in Devasura form, and they were on a Devaworld forged out of one original star that had been among the early cluster stars for Nephapricus.  They were on a planet created from a star still powered by a fusion core, which now had been maintained by the technologies of the most advanced life forms in the galaxy.
"This all used to be the star Paz before it got forged into this planet of my birth.” Aquari had wondered what exact star this planet got made from when Chronolus said that.  Aquari became impressed that his thoughts were being read, which he learned to shield from Eigalli.  It had probably been the knowledge brought back by Eagolim from the core about the Eigalli DNA switches that led to this evolution in Chronolus.
"You are correct, Aquari.  My kind, this planet, and the whole lost Nephapricus civilization evolved from what the returning Eagolim had learned during their legendary journey to the core."
Aquari figured out a psionic shield to keep his thoughts away from this individual when a much smaller human-like creature walked onto the patio to whisper something into the ear of Chronolus.  
Chronolus crouched down to hear from the pale, hairless six-and-a-half-foot-tall humanoid creature that wore no clothes yet displayed nothing where his/her/its genitalia would be.  The smaller individual appeared very pale with a large baldhead and dark eyes.  Despite Aquari's newly constructed psionic shield, Chronolus still noticed his interest as he got up from the crouching position.  "We've created these biological androids to be our servants here for doing menial tasks below the dignity of my kind.  They are much more vulnerable and sexless than the crude Golimechoid that were first created with electronic DNA by the ancient Eagolim for similar reasons."
"This is all very impressive to me, Chronolus.  It has long been a mystery whatever happened to the ancient Nephaprican’s culture, and the seven star-door stars that disappeared from the galaxy along with the seven lost star-doors."
"Oh, there is much more to impress you with, my cosmic visitor.  This planet can be flown anywhere in the galaxy at up to twice the speed of light.  It also includes warp dimensions that are quantum-nanocoded into the world itself.  We are now in a stable orbit about a hundred light years above the dark matter plane in the galaxy.”  Chronolus seemed to stop himself suddenly, which told Aquari's telepathy that Chronolus figured he had already said too much.
Chronolus changed the subject.  "Come, Aquari, I'll give you a tour of the planet.  Here on the Devaplanet, I can fly about at will just like you."
Chronolus began to float away from the patio, so Aquari followed.  In the air Phantom ghosts surrounded other ethereal Devaworld life forms similar to Chronolus.  They flew at will like Chronolus by Aquari with dazzled appearances on their faces as they noticed the light circle that was the immortal cosmic entity.  The planet sprawled with city architecture made up of vast and beautiful stone buildings that caused Aquari to remember the immortal galactic architectural stone craftsmanship that made the Nephapricans and their Eagolim descendants so great.  Nephaprican's built their architecture to exist more prolonged than the civilizations that inhabited it, and it often did.
They arrived at a structure that appeared as a plateau stretching for miles in every direction, made up into rows and rows with smaller designs looking like several subdivisions of tiny stone houses.  The cloud surrounding Chronolus seemed to solidify into a leg pair for walking, and he landed.  He then walked around Aquari with a curious look.  "You seem always to turn to face me."
Aquari tried to explain.  "That is one aspect to the physics of my nature.  Another observer walking a different direction would also observe me always turning to face them."
"Fascinating.  I've heard a lot about you my whole life, but that never really prepared me for this encounter."
Chronolus started walking down a row with stone structures.  Aquari wasn't sure where they were at first.  Each stone structure had sophisticated monitoring equipment built-in with beautiful stone designs and craftsmanship.  There appeared to be Devasura writing engraved on the top of each form, which led Aquari to realize where they were.  "Just like your Nephaprican ancestors, I see your kind still uses ego-phantasm technology."
Chronolus smiled in admiration for the rows and rows of high-tech tombs he walked through.  "We have pretty much evolved ourselves beyond dying at all Aquari.  These tombs preserve our ancestors back to Nephapricans from the second Magphoreus age, where we inherited this great crypt of ancestors.  If you are going to inhabit a dead body we may be able to find you a suitable one here."
Aquari became reluctant to explore the Devaworld that way.  "Oh, I don't need to take on that form.  I don't plan on being here all that long."
Aquari had been wise to that old Eagolim trick.  On the Eagolim's legendary journey to the core, they used to entomb grand architects for Aquari to inhabit so they could research the corpses afterward.  Aquari never gave them that access to knowledge about him.  If Aquari ever did inhabit an Eagolim body, it would always be a nobody from the lower social orders in the nomadic Eagolim clan that journeyed to the core to tame Ralus Xnoga.
"Very well, Aquari.  I will get used to you as a circle of light then.  I had another reason to bring you here.”  Chronolus seemed disappointed that Aquari had not taken the dead body bait.  He approached one tomb at the end of a row, which looked like it had been one among the very first tombs constructed there.
"This is Saturlus, my great-great-grandfather who was one among the last that was still a Nephaprican species.  He used to know you.” the moment filled with a silence that started to annoy Chronolus.  "He's here.  They are always here watching while invisible.  Saturlus!  Show yourself!"
Another see-through phantasm that resembled a pale low-quality hologram appeared by the Saturlus tomb.  Unlike the orange-toned Chronolus, Saturlus seemed blue with long blond hair growing off his head and face.  He looked like a Nephaprican with traditional Nephaprican tattoos up and down his muscular arms.  They were a robust species of courageous star travelers, ancestors of the 3rd Age Eagolim, and one among the first mammal pioneers of terrestrial life.
Saturlus spoke apologetically.  "One reason that I use to justify this existence, Aquari, is to someday offer this apology to you.  I was among those that decided to send you away after the Eagolim returned from the core with their wisdom.  I apologize for hiding our existence away from you for so long."
Aquari took no offense.  "Apology accepted Saturlus.  I do remember you, and you can be now fulfilled in your existence and move on."
Saturlus appeared suddenly sad at Aquari's suggestion.  "Oh, if only it were that simple, Aquari.  They have preserved my body with dark matter technologies that anchor my ego here."
Chronolus decided to interrupt to offer his perspective regarding ancient history.  "I always thought about the Eagolim who abandoned Nephapricus to travel to the core as a bunch of radical thinking nomads that got wrapped up in an old Doldorian cult, which preached about cosmic evolution.  That was why we persuaded you to leave the galaxy before they applied the Goag Ralus technologies to our dying star-door stars.  We had chosen to observe your effect on the galaxy from afar, Aquari."
Aquari explained.  "I crossed paths with those 'radical thinking nomads' a couple of times while they were on that journey, but I usually just helped them out from dangerous times.  As some legends accuse me, I wasn't the orchestrating guiding light in that journey.  Those Eagolim followed a computer program that Doldorian priests were always working on."
Chronolus seemed to decide that Aquari had seen enough Saturlus.  "Well, it is all ancient history from a bygone age.  Today we oversee the galaxy from these Devaworlds and have evolved beyond mere galactic life forms still integrated with the phantom matter.  There are many other ancestors here for you to meet Aquari.  Why don't you mingle for a time and refresh your memories with their acquaintances."
That had been the moment when other ancient individuals who seemed to have been there the whole time became visible.  Aquari had never been a big fan of ego-phantasm technology, as he called it.  To the Devasuras, it became known as ancestor technology.
Aquari began to say hello to the other ghosts showing their presence.  "I always thought the obsession with ego-phantasms was a very backward-oriented influence on your future evolution.  Ego-phantasms are just old iterations from a dead body's neural programming left behind by that which continues to evolve."
Chronolus took the Saturlus apparition aside.  "Grandfather!  Why do you sound like you are weary of this place?  Do you tire of being friends and my counselor?  We shall discuss that later.  What do you know about this Aquari entity?  I've lured him away from Tze-Doldus-2, and he won't be returning through the wormhole door he came here through, but what danger does he now pose to my plans?"
Saturlus replied.  "Aquari is much more ancient than either you or me or even the great Goag Ralus Itself.  Aquari is a being from the first age of Magphoreus, when the speed of light had been much faster and still rapidly slowing down.  In the first age for Magphoreus, there had still been no terrestrial life because first stars had not yet broken down the basic first matter in the universe into the complexities required for terrestrial life to evolve and exist.  Ralus Xnoga devoured many first stars in the universe into the Magphoreus quasar, which accelerated matter breaking down into complex matter back in the first age.  That began the photonic age evolving something so much like life that it became the basis for terrestrial life and what life tries to imitate.  Many Nephapricans from my time believed that Aquari had been an immortal entity who probably had his start during this photonic age of the Magphoreus quasar."
Chronolus just had more questions after that than answers.  "An enigma from before known history, you say?  Can't he be defeated?  I need him away from Tze-Doldus while orchestrating the final collapse to the Tze-Doldus star core.  I shall soon have a neutrino nova bomb, which that star-door is now constructing."
"Aquari always just does as he pleases, Chronolus.  I guess that's why our planned evolution into Devasuras included getting away from Aquari.  You have lured him from the planet, but he can fly back there, probably before the end of the next Tze-Doldus-2 year.  I do recall some experiments with virtual particle fields that can successfully repel Aquari from a planet's mass orientation point.  You have to surround his area with a special virtual particle field set to a counter virtual particle mass orientation."
Aquari greeted many ego-phantasms from the past during the ghost reunion at the Devasura's ego-phantasm crypt, which placed an uncomfortable, morbidly somber mood upon the occasion.  Aquari eventually became more interested in living Devasuras than the ego-phantasms in that ancient technological crypt filled with memory.  Aquari later got acquainted with many living Devasuras at the next place Chronolus flew him to.  They did not use technical transportation on the Devaworld since they had evolved flight into their constitutions.  Devasuras were almost as ethereal as the ego-phantasms and could go through walls using perfect control over their mass while on the Devaplanet.  They were profoundly multi-dimensional life forms, liberated from the dark matter effects on the universe.  The younger Devasuras were more purple skin tone, and the woman featured heads with telepathic horns that made them look more like the Eigalli than the men.
These Devasuras were like the antithesis to the statue-like Asura form that Chronolus assumed at the other side of the wormhole.  They enjoyed the vast terrain on a star made into a planet with quanta-nanocoded virtual particle control over the planet's gravitational field all across the surface.  The way the clouds looked illuminated the world with fluorescence that doused out many places of shadow on the surface.  Aquari could tell that those gravitational fields increased dramatically in the upper atmosphere, which appeared deeper in that sky than anything an Earthling can imagine or describe.

Aquari, Chronolus, and Saturlus at the Ego-Phantasm Crypt.

Chronolus seemed to be doing everything to make Aquari's stay a pleasant one.  Aquari learned much about the Devasuras and their Goag Ralus-like Devaworld.  Unlike Goag Ralus, this planet lacked the soul and personality that took the form of so many avatars back at the core.  The Devasuras obsessively controlled this planet and could fly it anywhere they wanted.  Aquari noticed that this planet remained indifferent with no imagination or curiosity so profoundly expressed in his old friend Goag Ralus.  A fourth of the world surface appeared reinforced as weaponry.  A gigantic 142,984-mile diameter complex of machinery made from a tightly packed iron isotope could probably create magnetic effects that would control whole moons and planetoids to use in devastating collisions that would only result in exciting weather on this Devaworld.

Eventually, Aquari had stayed as long as he wanted and asked Chronolus about activating the two wormhole pillars so he could return to Urania.
"I'm sorry, Aquari.  I don't want this to affect our friendship, but I never intended to let you go back there to that star-door planet.  Stay here with us.  The planet Tze-Doldus-2, along with its star-door and Beataphoriah will soon be located above us in orbit around our main moon."
"This is a terrible betrayal, Chronolus.  I'm afraid this does affect our friendship.  You want to destroy an entire race of intelligent life forms so you can hang another star-door around your planet like an ornament."
"You have no idea what I have done for the last thousand teks to pamper that stupid genetic Beataphoriah experiment!  They have enjoyed a stable civilization that has gone on for so long that it's not even natural, and yet they seem to only be any good at rhyming chirps and whistles."
Aquari got angry.  "You indeed have evolved beyond a galactic species because galactic life forms respect all intelligent life and value their precarious habitats as unique places in the galaxy.  You have separated yourself from that because you don't find it absurd and wrong to turn a living planet into a lifeless moon.  Beataphoriah will defy you for good reasons."
"Beataphoriah is just some ancient technology to deal with when I have the star door.  It wasn't easy to silence and eliminate the quanta-optic-nanocode entity that once operated this planet's star-door wormholes.  I've been looking forward to the challenge posed by Beataphoriah.  It's as if my ancestors liked just to let technologies run amok in the galaxy."
Aquari eventually left exasperated with Chronolus.  It had been a trap all along, leaving him a long way from Urania.  As Aquari hovered down a road that pierced a path through the Devaworld's stone architecture, an apparition of Saturlus appeared before him.  
"So now you know the extent to the treachery toward you by Chronolus, old friend."
"There was suspicion from the beginning.  I'll fly back there.”  
Aquari stopped to talk to the ghost.
"Flyback there.  You must, Aquari!  For there is even more depth to the treachery my grandson plots against Tze-Doldus-2.  You are right, Aquari.  I'm an ancient iteration that can never change, and that makes me a bad influence on my grandson."
Aquari became sympathetic.  "I always tried to warn you Nephapricans that you were getting carried away with the novelty with ego-phantasm technology."
“Tze-Doldus-2 is in great danger, Aquari.  Chronolus has been hammering the star Tze-Doldus core with bombs injecting neutrinos teleported there by the Tze-Doldus-2 star-door.  It is undeniably probable that the white dwarf will explode with the next bomb that soon will accumulate enough neutrinos for the job."
"Sounds like time for me to be on my way.  Thank you, Saturlus.  You didn't have to tell me that."
"One more favor to ask from you, Aquari.  Please come with me back to the tomb that holds my body."
It had been as if they both just instantly materialized next to the tomb for Saturlus.  Saturlus gestured to what looked like a vault door in the side of the grave, sealed shut with a quantum laser torch.  "Inside this sealed compartment is a switch Aquari.  I know you have the power to switch it off.  That will open long since closed vents to my body, exposing me to open air.  After so much passed millennia, the open-air will indeed decompose me in no time at all.  That will free me from the phantom matter anchor that keeps me in this existence, Aquari.  I'll be able to at last pass on to what is next."
Chronolus then suddenly stormed onto the scene and flashed like a lightning bolt.  "Not going to happen, Aquari.  I have devised a virtual particle field that should now escort you off my planet.  By the power of Chronolus, the keeper of this Devaworld doorway, I now exile you from my world, Aquari!"
Aquari had suddenly been hurled through the endless depths of the sky out into the open space surrounding the planet.  He found himself suddenly in orbit around the giant world that glowed with phosphorescent clouds in all colors.  The planet wore a bluish ring around it like a belt made up of space debris instantly smashed by powerful, crushingly protective virtual particle fields around the Devaplanet.  
The planet's great ring shimmered in a turquoise blue between the rainbow-colored glow of the gas-giant-sized planet, and the shimmering nebulous star-speckled light from the entire galaxy spread out below in a panoramic view.  Aquari found one extra-large Earth-sized moon that stood out as the classic old Nephaprican galactic architecture trick to induce ocean tides on a planet, along with something Nephaprican molecular physicists used to call quantum flux.  Orbiting that Earth-sized moon existed one from the long lost star-doors.  That star-door sphere was probably associated with Paz, the giant Devaplanet below.  Star-doors were enormous spherical arks made to survive even the disintegration of the planets where they existed.  An Earth-sized moon reminded Aquari of the long lost star-door planet Paz-3.
A radio transmission from the star-door then contacted Aquari.  "Hello, Aquari.  My Devaplanet spies have not failed me.  It is I, Beataquatle.  I was once a quanta-optic-nanocode entity for the Paz-3 star-door."
"Hi there, Beataquatle.  It has indeed been a long time.  Why do you say you were once a quanta-optic-nanocode entity?  You are not one now?"
"I do still exist, but the Devasuras removed my ability to generate a body on the physical dimension.  I'm not supposed to exist at all, but I stay hidden in my star-door from those arrogant mortals."
"Sounds like you don't enjoy existence like you used to."
"I serve Chronolus now.  They have reprogrammed the star door with a new molecule added to the quantum bits in the operating systems.  I can't contact my brethren except for the other 6 Devaplanet comrades from the seven lost stars that I still converse with through mutual quanta-synchronized awareness."
"Who physically manages the star-door now if there is no quanta-optic-nanocode entity?"
"I'm completely automated with more recent technology, and also a crew of their biological androids.  I would love to show you around Aquari, but Chronolus will notice."
"I will visit again someday, old friend.  I need to return to the old planet Tze-Doldus-2 before Chronolus succeeds in destroying the life there when he brings the planet here through a one-sided disconnected wormhole after a nova event."
"Tell Beataphoriah I wish it well and for victory over the quanta-nanocoded plot against its star-door.  I can imagine how precious the Uranian life must be to it."
Aquari bid farewell to Beataquatle and dived down into the Orion galactic arm that sprayed stars across the sky below the South Pole to the Devaplanet.  The angle of the Devaworld, 100 light-years above the galactic plane, provided Aquari with a clear view to the core of mighty Magphoreus.  
The galactic core appeared like a dark dot in the middle where all the stars packed so tightly into the galaxy's center that they became a single luminous light cloud swirling around Ralus Xnoga.  Aquari knew precisely where he was and where he needed to be.

After Aquari disappeared, Chronolus yelled at the Saturlus apparition, who just stood there in content silence and smiled.  Chronolus felt frustrated that he had even less power over an ego-phantasm than Aquari.
"What do you have to say for yourself, Saturlus?!"
The distant gaze from Saturlus gravitated upon his grandson Chronolus one last time.  "He did it, my grandson.  My time here has come to an end, and now I must move on."
Chronolus then realized that Aquari must have opened the valves to the tomb after all, just before being expelled from the planet by his virtual particle field.  In a sudden panic, Chronolus stuck his hand between the molecules on the wall.  His arm moved around into the tomb side where the switch existed, trying to close it back off.  He then realized that the body's 4 billion Earth-year-long preservation had already crumpled under the weight from the incoming atmosphere and had now become a swirling ash pile and dust inside the once perfect vacuum that had been the tomb.
"Why did you help Aquari?  Why did you betray me?"
"Aquari is right about dead ancestors orienting you too much to the past Chronolus.  The Eagolim looked for and created the future, and then they brought it back for your ungrateful posterity.  They made their creations alive to evolve into this future growing and becoming more than they were when the Eagolim first made them.  I think you and I have been trying too hard to put an end to all that.  I realize now that all life is a beautiful thing, and I've led you away from that as a voice from one long since dead.  I wish I could have shown you the beauty in life, but that is not my nature."
Chronolus had not become any less determined to have his star-door prize.  "Aquari will never get back to Tze-Doldus-2 before the next nova bomb goes off.  That star will go nova."
"You underestimate a cosmic entity that has always demonstrated an uncanny ability never to be late.  I'll wager on Aquari in this race against time.”  
Then Saturlus at long last faded away into death’s oblivion, and Chronolus finally mourned his long-dead grandfather.

*          *          *

When Hanson left the star-door to join in the Magite armies forming to defend King Worapor, his people greeted him like a messianic savior.  The photos Handirlas took showing Aquari resurrecting the dead Hanson body were published and broadcast on the news.  The new networking technology that Hanson/Aquari invented revolutionized society to make him very wealthy in value.  The remaining Ministry of Science wanted it known that he only helped develop the device, but the world had already focused their collective fascination on Hanson.
Due to Hanson's tremendous popularity, King Worapor had quickly appointed him as a General in his infantry forces.  Hanson set up his old friend Ploabot to be his Grand Lieutenant Major in the war effort, which turned out a much more generous appointment than how they initially recruited Ploabot.  As the Magite forces were gathering to meet the Aungtalli/Swerite forces on the Swerite plains, Beataphoriah proclaimed to the people in the Magite lands that they were welcome to move into the star-door as refugees from this war.  
Many took Beataphoriah up on this offer and teleported to the star-door paradise.  There had been more than enough room in the star door's folded realities for everyone on Urania.  Contrary to popular belief, the star-door was nothing like claustrophobic.  There were so many folded realities and illusions of space that it seemed like there would be more room in the star-door than the entire planet.  Beataphoriah became interested in any excuse to convince Uranians to live in its star-door because that would preserve the species when a more dreaded disaster strikes.
Infantry armies gathered on the Swerite plains, where Swerites joined with the Aungtalli to wage war against King Worapor, the devil worshipper.  King Worapor got disowned by his own family and clung to his kingship by his popularity with the people.  That allowed him to command a militia of Magites that were happy to be rid of the Aungtalli control over their government.  All the Swerites needed to know would be that the gods were demanding this war.  The Bishop arranged a meeting with the gods where Chronolus appeared, and that then whipped the Swerites into war frenzy.
The other great family had been the Worites, whose people pressured their leaders to remain neutral on this significant matter of war.  The Worites were a very self-reliant people and were the least influenced by politics and religion among all Uranians on the planet.  The Worites wanted nothing to do with the war except to offer their lands to refugees with their neutrality respected.
Uranians were controlled foolishly in fighting a war, similar to how the old regimented British forces behaved against the American Revolution insurgents.  When both sides behaved in this disciplined way, however, it had its strategic value as long as both sides adhered to it.  Uranian war would probably look laughable to Earthlings because there was nobody to cry foul when a side broke the complicated Uranian rules for engagement.  
The side that broke the war rules just had to live with it for the remainder of their lives.  Uranians were naturally reluctant to live with violations to honor like that.  It's probably something Beataphoriah switched on long ago in their DNA.

Grand Lieutenant Major Ploabot approached General Hanson, who watched through a binocular telescopic device as the enemy forces gathered along the border to the Land of the Swerites.  The sun went down, and it got late.  The troops knew there would be no fighting at night during sleep, but everyone had to get up early to be ready to fight when the sun did glimpse above the morning horizon.
"It seems that our leader King Worapor
has made us vulnerable in this war.
I must voice the worry that is gnawing
while enemies are upon us drawing."
Hanson took his eyes away from the optical amplifiers to look at his friend.  "Don't worry, enemies at the borders
are gathered according to my orders.
We are covered by hills along the north.
We'll stay dug in there and let them come forth.
My orders are not to try to give chase.
I'm to draw the enemy to this place."
Ploabot now felt even more like his superiors used them as bait.  "Well, the clash starts tomorrow, that I know.
I'll get my night's rest for tomorrow's show."

Just before the following day, King Worapor in Keshdesh nervously watched the light start to gather along the eastern horizon in the morning.  Beataphoriah was supposed to carry out whatever brilliant strategy he needed to save his 14th Regiment deployed like sitting ducks along the Swerite borders.
Beataphoriah advised him to lure the Swerite forces all to one place.  When the King asked him what the star door entity would do, Beataphoriah said, "At your service, my King, I am here for
I can do anything with a star-door.
In one place, all their forces you should meet.
Not a Magite will perish or be beat."
Now the King had started to let doubts creep in about his alliance with this magical star-door being.  He remembered an old proverb.  "The path on your own leads to misery.
The path of the gods will win history."
Then Beataphoriah suddenly appeared.  
"Good morning, my King of honor and grace.
Now you'll see why I brought them to one place."

Meanwhile, Ploabot stayed up overseeing two platoons with forces that were also out of bed to confront the enemy.  That adversary out there in the darkness anxiously awaited the morning sun piercing the horizon, heralding the time for the fighting to begin.  Ploabot still felt that they were sure to be overrun by the enemy forces in this morning's battle.  The enemy had the eastern horizon advantage and could begin the fight first when the sunrise appeared in their vision.  He figured it must be for some more critical strategy, and it had not been his place to question.
The Swerites saw the morning sun in the east at least 30 seconds before Ploabot, and his forces did.  He could hear their battle cries in the fading darkness, announcing the confrontation now stampeding on its way to them.  Then a light flash appeared all across the morning horizon that caused some in Ploabot's troops to give off their sunrise battle cry, but then it became just dark again like the sun suddenly changed its mind.  It had only been a light flash, not the morning sun, which Ploabot could tell still had not entirely poked above the horizon from his perspective.
Soon the sun did arise, and his troops roared in anticipation for the fight, but no enemies ever appeared into view where Ploabot's troops anxiously waited for them.  Their orders were to dig in and hold their ground, but soon some troops were venturing toward the borders to see where the enemy hid.  
There was no enemy to be found.  The troops they saw gathering along the borders last night and who let out a Urania-shattering battle cry this morning when the sun rose were all gone.  They had just disappeared under the morning dawn without a trace.

It turned out Beataphoriah needed the enemy lured into one location to try out the one-sided wormhole function that Goag Ralus and Begalius had taught it.  Beataphoriah's hologram startled the King with sudden laughter as the star-door controls offered output that indicated that the wormhole worked.  
Beataphoriah teleported the Swerite/Aungtalli armies to the base on the glacial slopes a couple of thousand miles away surrounding the Great Glacier Mountain.  A couple thousand Uranian and Aungtalli troops now slid around the ice on the Great domed mountainside.  A teleportation platform would be no longer necessary to establish a portal matrix on the far side of the wormhole, creating a single point for time/space in two locations.  Beataphoriah had some fun taunting the already frightened armies that were now outside its star-door.
It addressed the horrified armies from deep within the mountain with amplification equipment that made the voice of Beataphoriah thunder in the skies for miles.  "Fear me, followers of false gods.  I say
this planet's god is Beataphoriah!
Your gods only use you, so you'll destroy
the world you stand upon!  It's all a ploy!"

Within the star-door on Urania were realities made out from folded space and quantum nanocoded virtual imitations of reality that existed as realties all their own.  One among these realities had been the city of Tze-Doldusdoor, which featured skies and geography reminiscent of the planet Pripica.  Still, the smaller-scaled city looked more accommodating to Uranian architecture.  
The ancient Pripican species were larger four-legged furry life forms that merged with Nephricans and Doldorians way back in the second age for Magphoreus to evolve the species known as Nephaprican eventually.  They had discovered that their DNA became genetically compatible as they grew into galactic life forms, all existing in a tight cluster of 15 stars that once long ago speeded through the Carina arm on Magphoreus.
The city of Tze-Doldusdoor had warehouses along shores to an abyss of nothing, just like in Doldoor within the Dol star-door.  Somewhere along these shores, along with the void, Tze-Doldusdoor warehouses were filling up with digital neutrinos, being programmed into a nova bomb.  
A quanta-nanocode virus boss in the form resembling an Aungtalli oversaw anxiously the arrival for shipments containing neutrinos to soon teleport them as a bomb into the sun Tze-Doldus.  This job would finally fulfill its quanta-nanocoded purpose, which had been to blow up the white dwarf star Tze-Doldus finally.  
Even at 707.2 times the speed of light, Aquari would never make it back to Urania before this bomb would be ready to be teleported into the star Tze-Doldus to at last collapse the star's already fragile core.

Chapter 12:  The Urania Nebula Event

The city of Tze-Doldusdoor resided deep within the quanta-nanocoded virtual realities inside the Tze-Doldus star-door, under the Great Glacial Mountain on the planet Urania.  The town had been programmed with the deep purple morning sky over the planet Pripica under the legendary star Poa.  The particular composition with the deep Pripican atmosphere made the sky an ultramarine blue that often changed into purple when Poa approached the horizon.  
Here in Tze-Doldusdoor, the star Poa still shined in all its pre-nova glory, which left it now a pulsar in this day and age.  The star-door programmed atmosphere remembered everything about this sky on this ancient planet and continued the imitative dance of its existence for many billion Earth years.  The star Poa rose over rows of Tze-Doldusdoor warehouses lined up along the shores along with the nothing void, where the latest shipment of compiled neutrinos just arrived.  The warehouses were bustling with the activity from tiny Uranian-like virus programs rushing to unload the crates off the mysterious ships that came here from the weird nothing beyond.
Surrounding those warehouses were also other Uranian-like quanta-nanocoded security programs scuttling stealthily up to the teleportation warehouse that received those neutrino crates.  Like a tightening rope noose around a neck, the security programs rapidly closed in on the perimeter around the busy warehouse.  Beataphoriah stood amongst these teams of security programs as their leader.  Beataphoriah had been the only Uranian still displaying the more ancient hairy un-evolved form of the species, which became out of style in Tze-Doldusdoor around the same time it went out of fashion on the actual planet.
Under the still dim purple light from the Pripican morning, one quanta-nanocoded security program approached the leader Beataphoriah with a report.  "Sir, we've now secured the entire parameter and can confirm that the virus boss is in that warehouse overseeing the operation."
Although they looked Uranian, these quanta-nanocoded Tze-Doldusdoor residents spoke a Nephaprican dialect.  "Thank you, security13207496.  That warehouse is programmed to beam the contraband into the flaming plasma surface on the star Tze-Doldus to blow it up.  It's a good thing I returned when I did.  This shipment might have destroyed everything.  That all depends on how many of these shipments have already teleported."
Secruity13207496 looked over at the dawning star Poa that rose on the morning horizon between shores of nothing and the city Tze-Doldusdoor.  Security13207496 kept looking at Poa, obviously trying to comprehend the implications for what Beataphoriah just said.  It had been a moment that Beataphoriah realized these programs know no other existence except the quanta-nanocoded physics for this virtual reality that pretended to be the ancient planet Pripica.  "Yes, Security13207496, destroying the power source in actual reality would affect the star that rises every morning here in this virtual reality also."
Security13207496 understood.  "I only need to know that I must stop this.  I'm sorry we failed to stop the last ten neutrino bombs."
"I understand Secrity13207496.  This boss virus has a powerful credential program that only I can debug from you.  Today it no longer controls Tze-Doldusdoor.”  Beataphoriah concluded that it was time for action.  "Have the parameter close in and take them out now.  I'm going to stop that boat.”  
Then Beataphoriah disappeared, and Security13207496 sprung into action returning to the other programs in the shadows along the parameter.  The quanta-nanocoded virus program did not surrender the warehouse without a fight.  Uranian automatic projectile weapons greeted the Security programs as they emerged from the purple morning shadows.  Beataphoriah wasted no time and teleported on the deck of the boat docked by the warehouse.  No glowing light field representing the crew on the deck responded to Beataphoriah's appearance.  There had been no quarrel with the star-door quanta-optic-nanocode entity's presence.  
Beataphoriah hoped to receive a similar response from the captain as it walked across the deck towards his quarters, unchallenged by the mysterious glowing light crew.  The captain had been just a glowing field of light himself, seated behind a desk with strange objects when Beataphoriah entered the room.  The captain's light seemed to twinkle and blink as it talked.  "What is this unannounced intrusion?  You have no business in here whatever you are!"
Beataphoriah knew right away that this program would require some debugging before it again worked properly.  The star door entity stretched its neck well beyond anything anatomically accurate.  It stretched its head and neck across the table into the light area that had probably been the captain's face.  Beataphoriah's Uranian eyes began to glow, and a sparkling light projected from those eyes into the captain's face.  It seemed to wait for just the right moment to say, "I am Beataphoriah."
The debugging of the captain seemed to take place just in time as the crackle from automatic explosion-launched projectile weapons indicated that the warehouse assault went ahead outside as expected.  "I need you to remain docked here and immediately stop unloading this cargo.  I am going to have this shipment reloaded on this boat to be de-compiled."
The captain's grumpy mood instantly altered.  "As you wish, Beataphoriah.  Welcome back after all these years."
Beataphoriah left the boat to join the confrontation just inside the warehouse.  Security had closed in and gunned down virus programs, which were being tossed out from the pockets on the boss virus hand over fist as black balls that became Uranian-shaped programs when they hit the ground.  It looked like a matter of time before the virus programs overwhelmed security.
Beataphoriah got before the boss virus while bullets just bounced off of it.  The boss smirked over its Uranian teeth, still tossing programs with both hands out from inexhaustible pockets.  Then suddenly, one hand stopped, and other than tossing out a ball to spring into a Uranian-shaped virus program, the hand pointed a gun at Beataphoriah that then, in that instant, zapped the star-door entity out of existence.  "Pchoo!"
The boss virus got surprised to find out that this confrontation had been less challenging than anticipated, and it started to giggle to itself.  Beataphoriah had now been once again properly imprisoned in an infinite quanta-nanocode loop.  The boss virus smiled smugly at its easy victory when suddenly Beataphoriah appeared right behind it and punched a clenched fist on the back of the boss's Uranian neck.  The boss virus collapsed on the ground holding its head.  Beataphoriah stretched its face in on the virus just as it did with the captain before, but probably to do more than debug.  "I've long since upgraded a way out of infinite loop traps as soon as I became free from the last one, and my brother Begalius taught me a few tricks.  Begalius also knows all about ridding a star-door of virus programs like you."
The other virus programs ceased to function when Beataphoriah destroyed the boss virus.  They quickly de-compiled like their boss, and the crates of neutrinos were immediately loaded back on the boat to get returned to nothing.  The star Tze-Doldus now appeared saved from the nova bombs creating solar flares and causing planetary electricity blackouts for many years.  Beataphoriah experienced incredibly euphoric relief after saving the planet Urania from near-certain doom.  At the same time, the other security programs just thought about it all as another job well done on another day in the ancient virtual reality star-door city called Tze-Doldusdoor.

*          *          *

Eistia had meant to follow up with the Oldo case ever since he discovered Eromot's blood-soaked clothes in the farmer's garbage.  After losing track of Volock when the King won his war against the three families, Eistia figured this had been an excellent place to find maybe a way to catch up to him.  Eistia figured Volock would be continuing his criminal mission to murder the scientists in the Ministry of Science.  
Although the King declared the Ministry restored, the Aungtalli had responded with an all-out terrorist campaign against the kingdom.  Therefore the Ministry of Science remained underground at an undisclosed location, which had even been unknown to Eistia as it hopefully also had been to Volock.
Eistia drove onto the Oldo farm and approached the familiar door to knock and see if anyone was home.  The door swung open to greet Eistia with Oldo and his wife named Topaling.  "I am sorry, sir, but you should just go.
We've already told you all that we know."
Eistia now had been ready to play his metaphorical evidence card.  "I'm not interested in what you do.
I'm just here because I know that's not true.
When I was last here to learn what you know
I checked your garbage when I left to go.
That was the moment when I found out you
had not told me everything that you knew.
That was where I found the truth I have got
in the bloody clothing of Eromot.
Don't get defensive of what I derive.
I know that Eromot is still alive.
I'm here cause I need with your help to find
him before another who is less kind."
Oldo knew Eistia had not been hostile to the Ministry of Science in hiding.  Everybody knew that after the news about the Volock arrest in Dogolus.  Oldo still considered Eistia's words when Topaling spoke up.  "I think it's time for some trust to begin.
Investigator, won't you please come in."
Eistia wiped his feet on the foot towel while Topaling made everyone a cup of wiffsue, and then they sat at the kitchen table and talked.  Eistia learned that they were hearers of the voice, which everyone knew about now since the great Beataphoriah from ancient legends appeared with the King.  
Eistia wondered if Beataphoriah, who knew the location of the hidden Ministry, had been more than able to protect those scientists.  Oldo, after some whispering with his wife, told Eistia about the secret headquarters location in Gulfang.  That, for Investigator Eistia, had been the shred of evidence well worth the drive from Keshdesh to obtain.
Eistia gratefully said goodbye to Oldo and Topaling with further condolences for the loss of their son Dolka, and then he returned in his car for the drive back to Keshdesh.  Oldo and Topaling waved goodbye while hoping they were sending Eistia to avenge their murdered child.  
Travel became risky these days since the King's war victory degenerated into a terrorist war against sore-losing Aungtalli.  Eistia got taken aback by the hypocrisy as he drove down the road considering the so-called moral guardians for society, the Aungtalli's bitter hate-filled violent lashing out at innocents.  As Eistia went inside the city limits, he saw the fires from a recent terrorist suicide bombing.  The Aungtalli fought this war with persuasion over those in their legions of brainwashed Uranian women.  The Aungtalli would get them to put on vests of xenastic explosives to blow themselves up in public around other Uranians strategically.  The sheer horror and shock from these events underscored a subtle message that the Aungtalli were the ones in control, and Uranians only existed at the mercy of the Aungtalli.  
This particular terrorist event set a building on fire from the explosion that killed many Uranians inside.  Eistia noticed, on closer inspection, that the building had been a restaurant.  It had been a despicable strategy that personally only strengthened Eistia's loyalty to the King and his determination to bring these terrorist criminals to justice.  He drove close by the incident but then continued on his way back to headquarters after noticing other firefighters and police responding.  Beataphoriah didn't miss the opportunity to use these terrorist events to convince Uranians that they would be much safer in the available star-door cities, which it had been anxious to fill up.

*          *          *

It had been late at night when Volock silently landed his new flying saucer on the roof of the secret headquarters for the Ministry of Science in Gulfang.  Volock now routinely checked his saucer for unwanted stowaways ever since Eistia succeeded in stopping him by using that strategy.  Tonight he had loaded the saucer with xenastic explosives that now were in place so that they surrounded the building.  Volock went to blow the building up while all his targets slept inside.  The ensuing flames would surely complete his murderous mission once and for all.

Investigator Eistia had difficulty getting any help from the Gulfang authorities after driving a thousand miles there the day after talking with Oldo and his wife.  They probably knew exactly where the secret Ministry headquarters had been, but the Gulfang authorities would not tell Eistia.  
He did, however, convince them that the secret Ministry was in grave danger, and therefore the Gulfang police placed permanent surveillance on the secret Ministry headquarters.  For that reason, Volock's nighttime saucer landing had been no secret at all, and surveillance teams at that location immediately notified the Gulfang authorities about the landing.
When on an assignment in a strange city with less than cooperative authorities, Eistia liked to tune into the local radio chatter on police frequencies.  Thanks to that, Eistia was able to notice the multiple units of Gulfang authorities that were suddenly called to the location for Volock's terrorist attack while that crime was still just beginning.  Eistia even had the advantage when the police calls came to be the closest one to the scene.

Eistia got on the roof to get in Volock's way as he headed back to the saucer to take off before the explosions started.  "I warned you about this crime that you dare 
that when you commit it, I will be there."
Volock succumbed to fury.  "You're just in the way of my angry fit!
You little piece of Uranian shit!"
Volock produced a long blade from his Aungtalli robe and swung it at Eistia.
Eistia's training was ready to get away from that attack.  He gracefully dodged two other wide swings.  Volock swung like someone enraged, trying to swat a stubborn flying pest.
It became time for Eistia to produce his Club Incapacitating Device in a perfectly justified response to a belligerent arrestee.  He tried to dodge Volock's swings so he could use the Club Incapacitating Device to deliver blows to this opponent.  The impacts seemed not even to be noticed by Volock on his rampage.
Volock swung wildly at Eistia as the Investigator skillfully dodged the blade attacks once again like a combination duck and Kung Fu master.  One valuable attribute to the Club Incapacitating Device is its ability to repel sharp objects swung at the officer.  They train officers to use the absorbent synthetic hydrocarbon polymer material on the device to catch cutting blades as they slice into the club.  
They also reinforce The Club Incapacitating Device with a solid metalcore to stop any blade from actually cutting through it when a sharp object chops into it.  In such a situation, one can use the Club Incapacitating Device to grab that blade from the opponent when thus stuck in the Club Incapacitating Device to be yanked from the opponent's hand.
That worked as they trained Eistia to do it, and he caught Volock's blade in a parry that cut into the Club Incapacitating Device.  Then Eistia pulled the sword out from Volock's hand after it got wedged into his club.  There was a split second when Eistia tried unsuccessfully to pull the blade out from the club when Volock connected a couple of fist blows to Eistia's head causing stars to blaze before his eyes.  The Aungtalli Volock had been incomprehensibly stronger than Eistia the Uranian.  Those blows left no doubt about that in Eistia's spinning head.
Volock started to enjoy this and began punching Eistia toward the edge of the roof while Eistia just dropped his Club Incapacitating Device with the sword still stuck in it.  He knew what Volock had been doing as each connecting fist pushed him closer to the edge and delivered blinding pain.
Then Eistia crumpled into a roll right through Volock's legs, which tumbled him over.  Eistia got up and got a kick into Volock's ribs while Volock started to get back up.  The second kick had been less successful, and he grabbed Eistia's leg and almost tossed him over the ledge then.
Volock produced a pistol from his robe and approached Eistia, whose head already dangled over the building ledge.  He pointed the gun at Eistia and was determined not to waste another second with this pest.
That had been the second when the gunfire started going off below from police units that were called earlier to the scene and had finally arrived.  Several bullets went right through the startled Volock, who then wasn't even pointing the gun at Eistia any longer.  Volock looked suddenly confused as gunshots continued, and his robe started displaying growing spots of red blood now beginning to soak it.  
Volock spun around while looking off in space while nothing came to greet him.  His gun let off a single shot harmlessly into the night sky.  He then tipped over the ledge and fell to a splat on the ground below.  Eistia rolled on his side to look down below as Gulfang police closed in on Volock's very dead blood-soaked body.
The Ministry scientists, awakened by the gunfire, began to trickle out from the headquarters.  The explosives that surrounded the building were located and disarmed, and once again, Eistia made the Uranian news a true hero for the people.  Many in the Gulfang police were filming the ordeal with their handheld Ministry of Science computer networking devices, recently introduced to the market.

That morning Eistia completed his paperwork at the Gulfang Police Headquarters.  Eistia solved his case on the Ministry of Science Murders.  He had tracked down the serial killer to serve him justice.  The famous scientists in the Ministry thanked him, and before Eistia left, they showed him some of the wonders in the Ministry at the headquarters.  They gave him one of their now industrially mass-produced and top-rated handheld networking devices with appreciation.  Eistia had always wanted those contraptions since they recently became available on the Uranian market.  He fiddled with it as he tried the phone functionality to call his partner Grega.
Grega answered.  "Hello, caller, I know not.
Time to tell me what you got."
"Hello, Grega, it is I, Eistia.
Just calling you before I come see ya."
Grega said, "Hey Eistia, I'm so glad that it's you.
The news just announced that Volock you slew."
Eistia said, "We had a fight.  My life, he tried to fleece,
but he was killed by the local police.
I'm only grateful that the police tried.
He almost put a bullet in my hide."
Grega let out a laugh.  "Well, you're in the news again.  You should know
the chief don't like it.  He thinks you should go."
Eistia had not been intimidated.  
"That's what he says, and he puts on a show.
That's not the chief that I've since got to know."
They both laughed and talked for a while.  Then Eistia said goodbye to Grega.  
After that, he said goodbye to his newfound friends in the Gulfang Police Department.  If the chief fired him, he figured he could always get a job in Gulfang.  As he drove off on the thousand-mile journey back to Keshdesh, he just thought the chief would probably give him a raise in value instead.

About three and a half hours after sunrise on Urania, the Sun almost filled a third of the sky.  However, the Sun's white dwarf light had been dim, and you could look straight into the planet's solar source of phosphorescent light without hurting the eyes.  Eistia drove across the lush Swerite farmlands beneath that mid-day Sun.  That same place not many days before, there had been a great battle between the King and the Aungtalli/Swerite forces.  There was now no sign that any troops had ever been there, and everything had returned to its natural state with lush farmlands growing in quiet peace.
Eistia enjoyed this drive back to Keshdesh, where the sky had been primarily blue with just a few patches of white cloud mixed with green vegetation.  The Sun stretched its dimly lit sphere across most of the central patch of blue sky, bathing the green farmlands in a coaglium light for as far as the eye could see.  The planet Neweet became visible on the horizon like a crescent moon.  Sure there had been terrorism and disorder, but still, the future had never looked brighter or more enlightened.  A warm optimism comforted Eistia with a thought that today everything looked up for the better.
Then the giant Sun in the sky immediately shrunk down to a size even smaller than the nearby gas-giant planet Neweet, which had been near the horizon about the size of our Earth-Moon in that miniature solar system.  The star's light also suddenly grew intensely brighter, now bathing the green landscape in a white-hot light causing Eistia to cover his eyes while slamming on the breaks instinctively.  The intense blinding light then started the temperature to soar higher and higher and higher suddenly.

It had not been very long before that when Beataphoriah realized that the solar flare activity, caused by the last neutrino bombs, had been chipping away at the amount of unspent fuel in the star's core.  Beataphoriah redid the math with this new information and knew the star was about to collapse, and then the rebounding explosion would disintegrate the planet.  
The star-door would remain immune within its super-strong alloyed quanta-nanocoded virtual particle controlled walls, and Beataphoriah at that moment stopped asking Uranians politely to come live in its star-door.  The day the Sun shrank, Beataphoriah had been busy scanning the planet for life forms and teleporting Uranian groups through disconnected wormholes into cities beneath the mountain where they would hopefully survive this nova event.
Very few Aungtalli species ever agreed to take refuge in the evil one's star-door.  When the end approached, they had already, the day before, ceased terrorist activities, and had retreated to the temple shelters to await the long since prophesied intervention from the gods, as if they responded to a personal call.
The coming of Aquari had never been late, but it had also seldom been early.  Aquari finally got back to the planet Urania.  At the same time, the star collapsed, and he emerged through the walls on the star door just as Beataphoriah had been desperately teleporting any Uranian sign of life it could find.  Star-door cities and reality landscapes of folded space/time were filling up with Uranians, Aungtalli, pet smugorfs, waffs, haffaffats, trengeoffs, and herds and herds of thulumga.  Some dangerous predators like foven and big hairy gomieh were found and teleported to isolated locations.  Even some flying dires and vivolen were plucked from the skies to suddenly find they were flying through virtual skies that kept them at the exact location in space as they flew.  Beataphoriah had been teleporting precious life when it noticed the activation of the Chronolus wormhole program just as Aquari then entered into its presence.
"I know what we need to do with that wormhole program Beataphoriah.  It is programmed to take this whole planet with this star-door to the cold uninhabitable starless place where Chronolus exists.  You will become a moon for a moon that is orbiting his Devaplanet."
Beataphoriah said, "Oh sweet destiny!  Aquari, you are here!  How I've missed you all this time.  What can I do?  The program is already powering up with the energy from the collapsing star!"
Then Aquari said, "It would help to use a body to work the controls.  I can add an algorithm to the wormhole coordinates to locate us in a better place.  Is Hanson anywhere to be found?"
Beataphoriah didn't answer but hastily reprogrammed the teleportation controls being the high-speed quanta-optic-nanocoded star-door entity it was.  At the time, General Hanson had been back with Veldada and son in their star-door reality.  Now he got teleported into the room with Beataphoriah and Aquari.
"Why have you teleported me here?
Is this the terrible end that you fear?"
The 2-dimensional light circle said, "Hanson, it is I Aquari, you know
I had brought you back from death's certain blow.
I need your body again like before
to save the whole planet with this star-door."
Hanson immediately surrendered again, this time consciously and alive, to Aquari's control as Aquari entered Hanson's body, and the hair stood straight up again.  There was no time to lose as Beataphoriah also surrendered control over the star-door workings to the knowledgeable fingers of Hanson/Aquari.  
Aquari was all Beataphoriah had faith in at that moment, and it surrendered to the light entity and became desperate for his cosmic salvation.  Without the phantom matter from the star Tze-Doldus, the star-door will be without an energy source to feed the phantom matter singularity, which had been the essence to the 15 legendary star doors time/space folding, matter creating functions.  
The star-door would be left to drift through space on a slowly diminishing array of auxiliary power sources.  To Beataphoriah, even that would be better than the situation awaiting the star-door on the other side of the Chronolus programmed wormhole.  Already Aquari had been ready with the math figured out before even arriving, and he added an algorithm to the program just in time, before the Chronolus program activated an even more complicated variation to the star-door disconnected wormhole functionality used before.  Along with its phantom matter orbit area, the entire planet became engulfed in greenish energy that swallowed the whole world a split second before the intense pinprick light point, Tze-Doldus, became an explosion.  
Suddenly Tze-Doldus exploded to rapidly fill the whole area in space at the speed of light for several solar masses with blazing hot flaming plasma and energy that would eventually cool into the new matter for the universe swirling into the vivid colors of a nebula.
The light from this event would shine throughout most of the galaxy Magphoreus.  In about 89 Earth years, the light from this Urania nova event will be five times the brightness of Earth's full Moon on our planet and will remove the night from the Earth skies for a couple of days.  Due to what happened next, galactic cultures, even Devasuras, will name the resulting nebula left in the Tze-Doldus nova's wake "the Urania Nebula” after the star-door planet that miraculously survived it.  That is why it’s not "the Tze-Doldus Nebula” according to the usual convention for naming nebulae after the exploding star.

When the wormhole program got activated, a quanta-communication notified Chronolus that the star Tze-Doldus was now at last exploding.  After more than enough time had gone by, he became perplexed that the planet Tze-Doldus-2 had not yet appeared in the skies above his Devaworld.  
At first, he feared that something had gone wrong in the calculations.  He re-ran the same thing in a simulator and gazed out at the skies, frustrated that even he couldn't see what happened a hundred light-years away.  There would be only one probability that made any sense.  Aquari had done something.  Chronolus looked at the glowing Devasura sky where nighttime didn't even exist thanks to phosphorescent clouds that swirled in those skies, and he wondered what Aquari had done.

Eistia witnessed the world's end from his vehicle on the road driving through the Swerite plains between Keshdesh and Gulfang.  When the Sun suddenly shrank, he slammed on the breaks to pull over to the side of the road so he could look up and see what happened to the Sun.  It had been a shock to the eye's ability to believe what he saw.  Pulling over had been wise in the end because the intensity from the Tze-Doldus light also suddenly increased exponentially when the Sun shrank, and Eistia had to cover his eyes from the blinding effect.  Then the heat shot up, lighting the vegetation-filled sky on fire.  
A hot wind started, coming from no average direction but from straight up above the sky.  With hands over eyes Eistia only felt this and knew beyond all doubt that it was the world's end.  Then the light and the heat suddenly dimmed down, and Eistia tried taking his hands off his eyes.  His vision became greeted by a bright emerald green glow that had become the sky.  Then the earthquakes started bouncing Eistia's car off the ground over and over and turned the concrete-like road into rubble.
The total inertia from the planet had been disturbed by the giant wormhole event created by the sudden increase in energy from the exploding star.  The Devasuras were ingenious for developing this technology, which evolved from the star door's ability to fold time and space.  All Aquari did was add an algorithm from some basic 3-dimensional calculus math to the wormhole coordinates for the other side.  Aquari shifted the other side of the wormhole 90 degrees in a different direction but almost the same distance.  Unfortunately, great tsunamis were unavoidable with the inertial shift that destroyed many coastal cities and islands.  Several thousand Uranians died in the fires, tsunamis, and earthquakes that occurred that day.  There were also flash floods from 60 miles of Glacier that suddenly melted from the Great Glacial Mountain that also caused the North Sea and the Great Lake to rise over 20 feet, submerging coastal towns.
Eventually, the earthquakes stopped rattling Eistia in his car, and he watched the glowing green sky with wonder.  It seemed to be zooming by as the whole planet fell through a giant green tunnel.  Then the green faded away, and the sky became a pure blue, not quite the same blue as before.  The clouds were almost instantly evaporated from the planet by the collapsed star heat before the green glow started.  When it had all been over, Eistia looked around to find that a source of light still illuminated the sky.  The Sun in the sky now appeared about the size of the planet Neweet, and Neweet no longer orbited within 100 light-years of the planet Urania.  In truth, the Urania nova event had disintegrated Neweet, and it no longer existed.  However, light from the new Sun showed much brighter than the larger Tze-Doldus used to shine in the sky.  Eistia couldn't safely even look at the Sun anymore.  He looked at the smoke from fires rising off in the distant horizon from withered crops in the Lands of the Swerites.  
Eistia just sat in his vehicle for the remaining day without driving or moving.  He had been too terrified to do anything.  He witnessed the end to the world and now watched the end to that end.  
Eistia wondered why he wasn't dead or if he was.  Still, no answer ever showed up to greet Eistia as he remained parked beside the earthquake-shattered road between Gulfang and Keshdesh, which he couldn't drive on any longer anyway.  So Eistia just sat there admiring the new day.

"What happened, Aquari?  Where are we now?” there had been a strong earthquake in the star-door.  The surge in energy showed everywhere, from the lights to Beataphoriah's behavior, which seemed a bit hyperactive for a while there.
Hanson/Aquari knew precisely where the planet and its orbit got teleported.  "The original program had been to take you a hundred light-years straight up into a freezing starless void above the Chronolus Devaplanet.  I shifted the wormhole 90 degrees to orbit a tropical Waterworld at a location that I'm familiar with.  It fit the wormhole coordinates perfectly.  You are now technically not a planet because Urania is now the Waterworld's Moon."
Beataphoriah programmed observation technology to confirm Aquari's answer.  Urania's temperature was cooling down from the star collapse heat.  
Beataphoriah detected a new star in the sky, which it calculated would reduce average surface temperatures a few degrees due to the extra distance, even though it had been a hotter brighter star.  Beataphoriah then noticed that the new Sun currently did not power the star-door.  In the wake of the Tze-Doldus nova, the star-door programs had chosen the magnetosphere from the Waterworld planet they now orbited as a power source.  They now circled in the field of Phantom Matter created by the Waterworld's significant gravity.
Hanson/Aquari explained.  "The planet below is a Waterworld that is teaming with its own ocean life.  It has a powerful magnetosphere that can power this star-door and contribute to the general warmth on the planet.  You'll need to apply some virtual particle technologies to neutralize tectonic effects from its gravitational pull."
"I see Aquari.  Thank you for saving my planet Urania.  The Waterworld is about as large and almost as bright at night as Tze-Doldus had been before.  Urania almost doesn't have nighttime anymore."
Aquari said, "Some plants will thrive on that, and some may die.  There will be nine days straight with a night to every 69-day year as your planet passes through the shadow from the Waterworld.  I know it won't be easy for you or your Uranian and Aungtalli species, but this is your new day beyond what would have been certain freezing destruction."

So the planet Urania had been saved from the nova that should have consumed it.  Beataphoriah appeared as a hologram to the King, who barely survived the collapse of a castle side during the Keshdesh earthquake.  There are never really any power outages on a star-door planet except during powerful solar flare effects.  Soon, the Uranian and Aungtalli survivors rebuilt the world as two species now much more mutually determined to live as equals.  Beataphoriah missed its opportunity to phase out the pod-pollen tree.  The Uranians again cultivated that tree, which became even more sacred than ever to the god of the pod-pollen tree from time immemorial, Beataphoriah.  Soon the skies over Urania were again blue, white, and green with the atmospheric vegetation that rained food down on many a hungry Uranian during those problematic days rebuilding.  
The female Uranian menstrual cycle started calibrating with the 9-day night after every 60 days with dimly lit nights.  It had been the most challenging time ever and the best time ever for the Uranians who came to gratefully understand the miracle that had happened thanks to their star-door inheritance and a mysterious cosmic light entity called Aquari.
Beataphoriah now had a whole Waterworld to explore that was inhabited with life only 800,000 (716,571) or so miles away.  Aquari didn't think intelligent life existed there, but anomalies in the magnetosphere activity left Beataphoriah wondering.  Beataphoriah also had the last hundred Earth-years of Tze-Doldus history in the sky for it to observe.  The nova event happened just 89 light-years from Earth, but on Urania, it will fill the skies with light both day and night for Beataphoriah to observe in about a hundred Earth years.
The Aungtalli Bishop crawled out from the catacombs beneath the Temple of Energy and contacted the King to say he had a message from the gods for Beataphoriah.  It is impressive how catastrophes mend animosities and bring antagonistic beings together.  The King relayed the message to Beataphoriah through the newly re-established Ministry of Science that still had the operational teleportation platform.  The Bishop had an Aungtalli quanta-communication device taken to the podium in Gulfang.  Beataphoriah showed up on the platform from its star door, knowing who would be sending this message.
Chronolus appeared as the quanta-communicator hologram to address Beataphoriah in classic Nephaprican.  "Well played Beataphoriah, and also no doubt Aquari as well.  I seek to contact you and recognize the sovereignty of your planet Urania, wherever it is.  I wanted to possess the star-door mostly to stop what shall now occur.  You must realize that you shall now become the hub to a new galactic culture dawning in this Third Age for Magphoreus.  
Your gravitationally challenged Uranians shall now be admitted to the pantheon of galactic life forms, even still with terrestrial DNA.  Your Uranians are about to become galactically wealthy just from all the valuable coaglium dirt on your lucky minor planet.  I want to propose a truce and become an ally in the future that will now transpire."

Beataphoriah had been more than happy to accept the truce.  It had become time for Aquari to return the Uranian body of Hanson to its ego-phantasm, who then returned that body to Veldada and his son named Aquari.  The Tze-Doldus star door entity now finally got ready to open the star-door wormhole wall to Goag Ralus in the core of the galaxy.  
King Worapor and many observers from the Ministry of Science were there, along with Hanson, his wife with child, and a talking 2-dimensional light circle named Aquari.  When the wormhole portal matrix opened up, the first to emerge would be a giant blue humanoid woman featuring a bald skull-shaped with elaborate patterns that formed a horn on the top of her head rising into two rounded ends.  She had been a little shorter than Chronolus, and the Uranians gasped in collective fear at the sight of her.
Deliadre knelt and smiled at the Uranian crowd.  "Oh, they are so cute, Beataphoriah.  I've been a distant admirer for a long time now.”  She spoke in audible Eigalli.
Then a much shorter, rather well dressed Uranian emerged from the wormhole portal as the latest avatar of Goag Ralus.  "Greetings Uranians who did survive.
I'm Goag Ralus.  Glad you're all alive.
I look forward to hear the whole story
how the planet lives thanks to Aquari."
Goag Ralus greeted King Worapor, and truly galactic diplomacy began.  They gave Uranians a place on Goag Ralus that accommodated the lesser gravity on the planet for Uranians.  Most planets would crush a Uranian, and they'd even have difficulty lifting their heads off the ground on Earth.  Uranians, however, still lived in the perfect habitat, now as a moon orbiting a Waterworld that orbited a star very much like Earth's star.  They got used to dim nights, a warmer summer season, and even winters that started happening during the yearly 9-day night, which now forced them to harvest their gardens every year, but still the best of all possible worlds.
The Waterworld that brightly filled the night sky, often with enough light to be a second sun, had been named Minerv.  It was a word meaning 'the ghost of the old light' in homage to its resemblance to the former Sun Tze-Doldus.  
Many Uranian children now grew up with ambitions to visit the Waterworld planet next door, which had been void of any landmasses that wielded a Uranian-crushing gravity.  
Children often sang, "Oh Minerv, ghost of the previous light
that died right after the planet took flight.
When I grow up and someday have the nerve
I'll build me a ship and visit Minerv.
I'll build a ship that can fly through the sea.
I'll visit the fish that also see me.
I'll visit new life forms, fly and be free.
I'll swim on Minerv, where I want to be.
When I grow up and someday have the nerve
I'll build me a ship to visit Minerv.
Oh Minerv, ghost of the previous light
that died right after the planet took flight."

*          *          *

Aquari, Beagud, and Deliadre.

Aquari returned to Goag Ralus through the Urania star-door wormhole with Deliadre and the new Goag Ralus avatar.  Goag Ralus adjusted the gravity to a third of Earth's gravity for a large part in Occuitah, which would now always have Uranian gravity.  That gave the Uranians direct access to Goag Ralus through the Dol star-door.  
Eigalli would also enjoy Superman-like powers in those areas to Occuitah, which presented that entertainment value to the excitement-seeking Eigalli.  Now the journey between the core to Magphoreus and the Orion arm became instantaneous, faster even than Aquari.
Deliadre contacted Beagud in the Orion arm with her quanta-communication device while talking to Aquari.  She wanted Beagud to learn the new location for Urania, which he directed his Eagolim starship fleet towards in the Orion arm.  Beagud had now been over 100 light-years off-target in their trajectory.  The quanta-communication device had been brought into the room near the patio at Deliadre's apartment that overlooked Occuitah.  
She had a leafless shape-shifting plant in the room that imitated the round holographic transmission sphere at the end of the quanta-communicator.  It had been an automatic response that the shape-shifting plant used to blend in.  It had been a leafless plant like many in Occuitah since it has intense light everywhere in the galactic core.  Therefore plants don't need leaves.
The tall light-blue hairless humanoid Eagolim form of the Beagud hologram appeared in the room.  As the receiver for the quanta-communication, it had been proper etiquette for Beagud to be silent awaiting the message from Deliadre, the one contacting.
Deliadre said, "Greetings Beagud.  Aquari is with me now after returning from the planet Tze-Doldus-2 through its long-lost star-door.  The star Tze-Doldus has exploded, and the planet Tze-Doldus-2 has been re-located to another star system.  Today the star-door planet is called Urania.” ten seconds in silence began with that finished sentence.
"That is the most amazing thing I've heard for a very long time.  A whole planet is re-located through a wormhole that has to have separate disconnected portal matrixes to move the source for the wormhole through the wormhole itself along with an entire planet.  I'm overwhelmed by the physics and the implications of all this."
Deliadre continued when Beagud stopped.  "Goag Ralus was beginning to evolve the physics with the Dol star-door that He acquired, but the actual physics got worked out by the Devasuras with whom we now have a truce.”  Deliadre let that sink in with Beagud, who she knew had his own recent Devasura problems.
Beagud spoke.  "Devasuras like the one I met?  I had rediscovered the old planet Ti that was destroyed when this 3rd Age of Magphoreus was young.  The planet still exists in a stable but different orbit.  It still has atmosphere and life.  Devasuras are up to something with that planet."
Aquari decided to take this turn to speak.  "I remember the old planet Ti.  It had a major Eagolim spaceport on one moon at the beginning of the Third Age for Magphoreus, when your nomadic fleet cultivated a galactic empire there.  Your Eagolim ancestors used to hunt the giant reptile life that evolved there for sport.  What are the Devasuras doing with the planet Ti now?”  Aquari awaited an answer from Beagud.
"Much has changed since those days, Aquari.  I've since found out that my father's father's father's father had rediscovered the planet Ti when he was very young.  A terrible collision destroyed the planet and flung it into an orbit closer to the star.  That event caused the Eagolim Empire to leave Ti, scattering to other stars, or to live in starships like my kind, the nomadic Eagolim.  After the destructive collision, the oceans on tropical Ti filled the crater to cause the other side of the planet to dry into colder continents.  The planet now fluctuates in a less-stable orbit, causing temperature swings between freezing winters and boiling summers.  My great great great grandfather discovered mammal life had now evolved to thrive on Ti.  He discovered small primates with pentanthropomorphic gene switches that were highly intelligent and eager to learn language and writing.  He had proceeded to build civilizations for the primates.  My great great great grandfather's civilization project went on for thousands of Ti years, and many generations of the intelligent primate's that had shorter terrestrial life spans.  Then one day, the Devasuras appeared from nowhere to wage war on him, and they ran all the Eagolim off the planet.  They have been chasing my fleet away from there ever since.”  Beagud decided to be silent to allow the quanta-communicator response.
Deliadre had an idea.  "Tell Aquari about the last time you were near that planet when the Devasuras took over your ship's communications and ran you off."
Beagud took his queue to continue.  "The Devasura in charge appeared as a hologram and scared me with threats that he would destroy my fleet.  They live on a Devaplanet, which orbits the same star in a much wider arc that dips far above the system's elliptical phantom-matter plain.  They must have used that Devaplanet to destroy Ti from its original glory by ramming it long ago.  I have since observed an advanced civilization that is now evolving on Ti.  These must be the same primates my grandfather taught.  I still sneak a peek at Ti's light now and then, and I recently saw a comet absorbed by the system's leading gas giant.  It caused explosive plumes that shot out from the atmosphere on the system's gas giant protector.  Then at the same time, I noticed that the intelligent species evolving on the third planet from that star also possessed nuclear technology that could create similar atmospheric explosions on the planet Ti itself.  That would finally destroy the poor wounded world.  Not sure why the Devasuras cultivate such a violent and hostile species.”  Beagud paused.
Deliadre spoke up.  "This has to do with the Devasura hostility toward the expanding Golimechoid civilizations.  They want to cultivate an aggressive galactic species to confront Golimechoid expansion, which they oppose.  They consider the Golimechoid's to be a toxic species.  Devasuras think about Golimechoid as a mistake left behind by their ancestors that now must be corrected.  They are cultivating on Ti something similar to the Grulmagof."
Beagud remained silent and seemed to agree with Deliadre when he received her message.  Aquari spoke up.  "We now have a truce with the Devasuras.  I should visit the planet Ti and even get there through the Dol star-door on Goag Ralus to the Devaplanet that orbits in the same system as Ti.  I'll find out what the Devasuras are doing to those primates with the pentanthropomorphic gene switches turned on.  I'll determine if they are peaceful or another kind of planetary cancer that might devastate whole sectors of habitable space in the galaxy."

It got agreed that the planet Ti would be Aquari's next destination.  Goag Ralus contacted the Devasura in charge of the star-door wormhole portal at the Ti star system.  That Devasura had been named Anlil, and he agreed to allow Aquari passage to the planet Ti.  Anlil assured them that there would be nothing sinister with the small humanoid species now evolving there.  He explained that they were just at a precarious stage in their terrestrial evolution where they had not yet awakened a collective planetary awareness.
Goag Ralus appeared at the Dol star-door wormhole wall to say goodbye to Aquari as His Uranian avatar.  The Golimechoid avatar had become more toxically radioactive due to contact with actual Golimechoid women.  Goag Ralus decided that avatar to be best left in the lands on Goag Ralus set aside for Golimechoids from the star-door planet Poa-3.  The Golimechoid avatar still tried to make a baby with Zlooptoo, but they were unsuccessful.
Goag Ralus bid farewell to His oldest friend.  "Goodbye, once again, Aquari.  I remember creating the Fybrolus gas cloud that gave birth to the star Ti orbits long ago.  Still, now the foreseen meticulously planned pre-programmed events in that system have been interfered with due to its unforeseen destruction by the Devaworld collision.  It had been one of the first gas and debris clouds I created to fertilize the outer arms for the Eagolim to cultivate.  A visitation by Aquari can only be a good thing for the wounded planet.  I believe it's the dawning of a new age in Magphoreus, and the galaxy is now much smaller thanks to you, Aquari.  I will miss talking to you as you fly away from Me, but now you can come here and go through a door.  I also, however, believe that My times for saying hello to you are about to become much more frequent."
"I also believe that is true.  Goodbye, old friend, and I will return soon with more news and discoveries."
Then it became time for the cosmic entity Aquari to disappear through the green rectangular wormhole on the wall.  He was on his way to a new planet to explore.  Aquari also did this for the curious Eigalli and their famous databanks at the galaxy's center.  It would be a planet beyond the Magphoreus core, in the Orion arm only about 89 light-years from the previous Urania location.

THE END of Aquari.

Glossary of Alien Words

Aigon:  First light of the universe.  The quantum fluctuation that caused what Earthlings call the Big Bang manifested the Aigon during the brief period of rapid inflation.  This membrane with mostly hydrogen and light pioneers the expansion and cooling of this universe.  Ancient aliens ascribed intelligence to this light, which has influenced physics for reality.  The cosmic microwave background radiation remains left as evidence of the Aigon.  These days Earth physicists perceive the effect of the Aigon as dark energy.
Aigon-Sophin:  Second light of the universe.  Much later, after the creation of the universe, when galaxies were forming with the first population III stars, photonic life evolved with the destruction of those first oversized stars.  Some think Aquari is a living example of photonic life, which existed in an age before the evolution of complex molecules.  Physicists must explain the universe as a time when light's speed was much faster than in this present age.  Ancient aliens discovered the Aigon due to documenting the existence of the Aigon-Sophin.
Aquatic Life Forms:  The galaxy with all varieties of life is filled, which this story merely scratches the surface.  Most other planets in habitable zones are water worlds with no landmasses.  Aquatic life evolves in the water element, which amounts to a whole dimension away from the world that a terrestrial land animal lives on.
Arachnid Life Forms:  Another successful DNA strategy for life is eight-legged arachnid beings remotely related to spiders on Earth.  Some forms for arachnid life forms even spin whole cities with webbing, and web technologies have evolved from intelligent life with eight appendages and web-spinning abilities.
Asura:  The extremely dense form that the Devasuras assume when they exist within the dark matter realm.  All spiral galaxies spin upon a plane of dark matter.
Atmospheric Plant Life:  Among a star door’s terraforming technologies, which evolve plants that grow in the atmosphere.  Pods filled with something similar to helium gas suspend atmospheric plants.  This atmospheric plantlife is a method of developing plant life while the surface of a world is still cooling or not yet ready for plant life for some other reason.
Biological Androids:  The Devasuras have created a sexless life from natural cultures.  These are intelligent humanoid beings with a genetically engineered predisposition to serve the Devasuras, and they are cloned and disposed of as they are needed.  They are hairless humanoids with no sex organs.
Blue Metal:  Uranian metal created out from iron ore.  Blue metal is the name Uranians attribute to iron.
Borchtag:  Edible plant on Urania with no Earth equivalent.  The plant looks like a fern with small fuzzy leaves crushed up to make bread.
Cerfusius Trees:  A tropical Uranian version of an Evergreen tree with green needle-like leaves.  All trees on Urania maintain their leaves year round since there is no winter.
Coaglium:  The Uranian word for the element gold, which the planet got covered with during the wake of the Tze nova event.  Uranians use gold for its many electrical and architectural uses, but it is cheap.
Coltorn:  Norma galactic arm Silicone life species adapted to extreme cold temperatures where they breathed methane for air, and ammonia is the liquid water essential for their life.  The Coltorn was one of the first intelligent species to discover Goag Ralus.  They have since traveled to the core to see Him and colonized a frigid environment on His surface.
Communication Processor Node:  Uranian invention based on a continent-wide internet recently created by the Ministry of Science with the Aungtalli power line network.  This invention is the Uranian equivalent to the Earth smartphone, which represents the technological level for the regular Uranian population.
Deiodic Crystals:  Some solar systems, such as the uninhabitable Tephadis star system in the last post-Nephaprican dynasty, form different colored crystal asteroids.  Ancient Nephapricans harvested these crystals for power sources similar to an Earth battery but indefinite life.  They used specific colored crystals in communication and medical technologies.
Delta Straights Golimechoid Rebellion:  Some stars happen to line up so that galactic civilizations blossom along the frequently traveled space routes.  The Grulmagof identifies these star groups as 'Straights.' The Golimechoid shared cultures in the Delta Straights with Grulmagof amidst very hostile tensions.  This arrangement eventually erupted into the Golimechoid rebellion swiftly put down by Grulmagof, who probably started it.
Devaplanet:  A planet made out of a star with quanta-nanocoded electronic DNA.  They are similar to what made Goag Ralus, although they don't appear intelligent and function more like complicated machinery.  Devaplanets are the size of a gas giant but have virtual particle technologies controlling the mass and gravity on the surface, where gravity should be greater than on Earth.  Each planet has several hundred thousand square miles of battering ram technology built into it like a dense continent as a weapon for defense.  Phosphorescent clouds illuminate Devaplanets powered by the surviving fusion cores of the stars that became these artificial planets.
Devasura:  Species unnaturally evolved from the ancient aliens called Nephapricans.  They artificially recreated their species as multidimensional beings that live many billion years and control their mass when they exist above the dark matter planes where most of the universe gathers.  When Devasuras exist within the dark matter, they become incredibly dense and powerful beings called Asuras.  The dark matter plane is why our galaxy is spiral instead of the spherical globular star clusters that orbit the Milky Way outside this dark matter plane.
Dires:  Uranian bird species that exist in a constant migration state across the planet's ocean Inunia from the Lands of the Swerites to the islands in the Archipelago Seas.  Hanson had been observing adaptations of birds like these when he came up with his theory of evolution.
Dol:  One of the 15 legendary stars in the original star cluster where Nephapricans evolved.  Dol was the star over the planet Doldoria where the Doldorian ancestors of Nephapricans first evolved into intelligent terrestrial life forms.
Doldorian:  One of the three intelligent life forms that evolved and homogenized into Nephapricans.  They were the most primitive and superstitious of the original terrestrial life forms that contributed to the galactic DNA in Nephapricans.  They resembled 4-legged spiders that walked upright on two appendages.  Their brains were part of a backbone that spread out in five directions.  They were the color blue, which probably is why Nephapricans were blue.
Ea:  One of the 15 legendary stars in the original star cluster where Nephapricans evolved.  Ea is the home star for the planet Nephrica where the terrestrial Nephricans first evolved.  Ea was one among the stars turned into a Devaplanet where the Devasura in this story named Innanumesh lives.
Eagolim:  Galactic species that evolved from Nephapricans.  They were the star-traveling races who genetically extended their life spans with the help of traveling up to and beyond the speed of light.  They resemble hairless giant blue humanoids that live for thousands of Earth years in this day and age.
Eagolindi:  Descendents from the Eagolim who have adapted to planets in the Vesta star system not far from Earth in an area of the Pleiades.  They settled there after Devasuras ran the Eagolim off the rediscovered world Ti a few thousand Earth years ago.  The planet Ti got destroyed millions of Earth years before.  Still, after rediscovering the surviving planet, Eagolim began making it into a starport with help from intelligent terrestrial life they had discovered there.  That was before Devasuras attacked to run Eagolim off the planet, which put an end to a galactic empire that never happened and left prehistoric monolithic feats on Earth that puzzle anthropologists to this day.
Ego Phantasm:  Probably the equivalent of a ghost, which Nephapricans called ancestors.  Aquari calls them ego phantasms to point out that they are re-awakened neural programming in the brains of intelligent beings that have died.
Ei:  An omnipotent creator god concept introduced into Nephaprican culture by the Doldorians.  It was introduced to primitive terrestrial cultures by Eagolim to control the psychological evolution in terrestrial species that get guided along a path to development into galactic beings.
Eigalli:  Descendant species of the Eagolim who traveled to the galactic core and created Goag Ralus.  They are hairless blue humanoids, shorter than Eagolim, with a different telepathic brain above their craniums within a horn on top of their heads.  The Eigalli are notorious for being inquisitive and exploring the cosmos from the comfort of Goag Ralus with very advanced photon reading/decoding technologies.  The extra brain in the horn allows them to communicate telepathically, and they also project images of light that includes a language with lights and shapes that they are born speaking.
Eigalli Databanks:  The most extensive accumulation of knowledge in the galaxy.  The Eigalli inherited this massive storage of knowledge and history from the original Nephaprican Empire, and they are still adding to this famous collection of knowledge.
Fasanct Squalli:  A surface bug on the planet Urania where most insects are upper atmosphere species living amongst the atmospheric vegetation.  This bug marks its habitat and repels intruders with a very pungent odor that extends almost a whole square ½ mile.  The smell is so bad that fasanct squalli is also a derogatory way of saying someone or something stinks.
Fedor:  One of the original stars in the 15-star cluster that became Nephapricus.  Fedor was the first among these stars to go nova.  A gamma-ray blast from Ralus Xnoga, the galaxy’s supermassive black hole, very likely destroyed the star, which was more active in the second age for Magphoreus.  Soon after the Fedor nova, the star Gralga also went nova from a quanta-synchronized chain reaction.  This event probably caused the Negolim to recruit Eagolim for the famous journey to the core to tame the central galactic black hole.
Fifteen Star Empire:  The Nephaprican Empire evolved from a 15-star cluster initially orbiting in the Carina arm after the galaxy devoured another neighbor galaxy.  The 15 stars remained central to the empire long after they spread apart to different parts of Magphoreus due to the star-doors created in each star system uniting these 15 stars with wormholes.  The fifteen legendary stars from the Nephapricus cluster are Tze, Tze-Doldus, Fedor, Gralga, Yat, Dol, Ea, Oa, Holdus, Po, Pea, Poa, Koa, Ko, and Paz.
First Phase Warp:  The technologies for constant acceleration came up against physical barriers at just more than half the speed of light.  Eventually, this got overcome by warp technologies encompassing a ship with material developed to switch its subatomic nuon (also called a quark) charge for all its atoms.  This mechanism changes a spaceship into another universe outside the material inside the ship thatstill maintains a positive charge.  This acceleration method shifts the spacecraft surrounded by the warp material to a place outside this universe with its relativity physics into a universe that allows constant acceleration beyond the .69 times the speed of light acceleration barrier.  The .69 times the speed of light travel was the phase I period in warp technology where they only used it to warp space/time for deflecting space debris.
Foven:  Uranian animal species that is canine and looks like a scaled-down wolf.  They travel in packs and annoy Uranian farmers by preying on cattle for food.
Fusion Warp Drives:  Phase II form of warp travel that employs a fusion strategy to achieve 1.02 times the speed of light after creating a next-generation warp field around the spacecraft.  As the Pripicans, Nephricans, and Doldorians began evolving into the galactic humanoid species called Nephaprican, they began traveling faster than the speed of light with these Phase II fusion warp drives.
Fusion Warp Virtual Particle Drive:  The virtual particle drive is the technology for anti-gravity, which replaced primitive nuclear fusion drives as the Nephapricans developed faster than light forms of constant acceleration.  The fusion warp drives became much safer to use once they used virtual particle fields for continuous acceleration and creating the pressures necessary to achieve fusion instead of cruder nuclear strategies.
Galactic Species:  As terrestrial species achieve higher technologies and much longer life spans, they become galactic citizens independent of the mercy from habitable-zone planets that first cradled their existence.  The DNA becomes more standardized and compatible with other alien species that have also evolved into galactic beings.
Gamma Synthesizing Plant Life:  Life got created with Golimechoid electronic DNA technologies that the Eagolim first developed.  The Golimechoid evolved plant life in their image on Poa-3 with their star-door technologies.  Gamma synthesizing plant life uses photosynthesis as it grows under the gamma radiation of the Poa pulsar.
Greepops:  These are purple cherry-like vegetables that are a type of Uranian plant.  Greepops are not seeds but pods, similar to the food that falls from the skies over Urania.  A greepop plant grows these pods to fertilize its soil as food.  Uranians also enjoy eating greepops raw or boiled.
Goag Ralus:  Artificial life form created by the Eagolim with electronic DNA technology.  Goag Ralus grew during His creation into a seven-spoke disk about five times the size of Earth's solar system.  Goag Ralus is a knowledgeable being over 4 billion Earth years old.  Beings have traveled to live on Goag Ralus, who orbits Ralus Xnoga to control the deadly gamma-ray-producing poles on the galaxy's supermassive black hole.  Goag Ralus creates avatars in the shapes of alien inhabitants to mingle with the life living on His surface.
Golimechoid:  Life form artificially created with electronic DNA.  The Eagolim developed this on their way to the core and scattered Golimechoid life forms throughout the Norma galactic arm while they figured out how to create Goag Ralus.
Golimechoid Rebellion:  refers to a period during the Eagolim journey to the core when Golimechoid servants of the Eagolim asserted their independence from their Eagolim masters.  This event was before the Eagolim, who had settled down comfortably in the Norma arm at the time, left the Golimechoid behind and set out on the final push into the galaxy's uninhabitable core.
Gomieh:  Large bear-like animal on Urania.  The gomieh is the largest land animal on the planet.
Gralga:  One of the 15 original star-door stars in the Nephaprican Empire.  Gralga was the second nova event caused by a chain reaction from the Fedor nova.  This event happened 478 million Earth years into the 700 million-year history of Nephapricus.
Great Disappearance:  After the Eagolim who created Goag Ralus returned from the galactic core, they worked with the Nephapricans to turn seven of the 15 star-door stars into Goag Ralus-like Devaplanets.  Then they evolved themselves into Devasuras and disappeared with those seven stars from the galaxy near the end of the second galactic age.  The Great Disappearance happened after the star Holdus went nova when Nephapricus was over 586 million Earth years old.
Great War over Light and Darkness:  Documented event from the first age of Magphoreus, which may be symbolic history to describe the physics employed by the Aigon-Sophin when they put out the Magphoreus quasar.  As we understand life, that event marked the end of the first galactic age and the beginning of life's evolution.
Grulmagof:  A particular species of life form that hasn't evolved galactic DNA yet, but still has attained galactic civilization status due to acquaintance with what got left of Nephapricus.  They are initially from the star Grul in the Carina arm.  After the Great Disappearance, the Grulmagof inherited the infrastructure of the Nephaprican galactic empire.
Gyroscopic Energy Fields:  Counter oscillating energy currents created with heavy metals like mercury and electric currents.  This technique is the primary method for creating positron fields, which amount to a controllable virtual particle field.  Virtual particles are also the cause of gravity.  Spacecraft used artificially generated fields with these virtual particles to move towards a mass polarity point.
Haffaffats:  Flightless bird-like animal on Urania, a distant evolutionary cousin to the Uranians.  Uranians enjoy eating haffaffat eggs in addition to the animal's flesh.
Haflaxo:  One of the seven giant 60+ solar-mass stars that orbit the seven-spoke Goag Ralus.  Haflaxo orbits the area over Occuitah, the central city inhabited by the Eigalli.
Hareesemjo:  Star that orbits Goag Ralus.
Holdus:  Another of the 15 star-door stars.  Holdus became inhabited by Nephricans and Pripicans who discovered non-intelligent life evolving on planets orbiting that star.  Holdus was the empire's capital when the star Holdus exhausted its fuel and became the 3rd star-door star nova event 586 million Earth years into the Empire of Nephapricus.  The Great Disappearance immediately followed the Holdus nova event.
Hyderon:  One of the seven giant stars that orbit and power Goag Ralus.
Imitated DNA Based Life:  Artificially created life such as Golimechoid and Goag Ralus.  This life employs digital electronic DNA and tends to be more robust than natural DNA-based life.
Incapricans:  Galactic beings that are evolved as cold-blooded reptiles.  There are two types of these species: the First Born, who live galactic by nature living for millions of Earth years, and the more terrestrial second born species that live much shorter life spans.  First-born civilizations tend to cultivate and nurture second-born cultures.
Insect Life Forms:  Intelligent life in the galaxy is also known to take the form of insects with exoskeleton-designed anatomies.  They lay larva and socialize into collectives where individual insects act more as parts of a unified whole.  Insect life forms tend to be territorial and war-like wherever they infest the galaxy.
Inunia:  The name for the only ocean on Urania.  Inunia covers the entire South Pole to extend north as far as the equator in some places.
Isardings:  Uranian vegetable that grows like a root, similar to carrots, but redder.
Klegon:  Another star that orbits Goag Ralus.
Klept: A uranian metric for measurement that is about 9.6 inches.
Knoxen:  Aungtalli history adapted older legends about an underground city of the gods called Knoxen.  It got merged with later stories about the Aungtalli created by the gods under the Great Glacial Mountain, also named Mount Aungtalli.  Uranian history became riddled with stories about people finding Knoxen under the ground or ending up there.  Some traditions in the Aungtalli churches say sinners get sent to Knoxen for punishment.
Ko:  One of the 15 star-door stars.  Ko was discovered to have no habitable planets at first but eventually had habitable worlds terraformed by the Nephapricans.
Koa:  A star-door star that had a planet teeming with non-intelligent life.  The Doldorians colonized Koa when they inherited the science of space travel from the more advanced Pripicans and Nephricans.
Laffastocks:  Another Uranian plant grown and harvested by farmers much like wheat.
Light Year:  Galactic measure for distance based on light traveling at 186,000 miles per second for an entire Earth year.  It turns out to be over 6 trillion miles.  For the sake of simplicity, the writer told this story in terms of Earth light-years other than the shorter Nephaprican equivalent called an Oman based on the year on the planet Nephrica, which is 227 thirty-hour days.
Lost Wayfarers of the Galaxy:   Refers to the Eagolim who became cut off from the empire after the stars Fedor and Gralga went nova.  They are known as galactic nomads who travel from star to star, and they encourage the evolution of life, which has been seen afterward as precious and fleeting.
Magphoreus:  The Nephaprican name for the Milky Way galaxy.  Magphoreus is understood to be 3 Ages old, and it formed early as perhaps the oldest galaxy in the known universe.  The first age lasted until 4 billion Earth years after creation, which preceded complex life.  The second age introduced complex elements and life.  The five billion Earth-year-long 2nd Age culminated in the rise and fall of the galactic civilization called Nephapricus.  We live four billion Earth years into the 3rd age of Magphoreus.  This 3rd galactic age is slowly coming out from a dark post-Nephapricus period.  However, the 3rd age is also the age of Goag Ralus, the Star Constructor, who has caused the galactic bar formed by the quasar during the first age to disperse and dim.
Mass Polarity Point:  The virtual particle phenomenon that causes gravity in the universe orients with the curvature of the reality around these points, central to the overall mass generating the gravitational virtual particle effect.  These centers for gravity points get called mass polarity points.  The technologies that artificially generate these virtual particle gravity effects to move objects orient the directions of the virtual particles to a distant artificial mass polarity point.  The mass polarity point determines how an object surrounded by the gravity field moves.  On Earth, we all tend to fall toward the mass polarity point of the planet.


Three Ages of Magphoreus

Medaloom:  Prehistoric king on Urania from -53,240 Uranian years before the modern Aungtalli age.  Stories about evil Uranians who persecuted the Aungtalli survived this period.  Then Aungtalli prayed to their gods, who in turn took vengeance on the Uranian evil ones.  For that reason, King Medaloom was bad enough to merit vengeance from the gods.  More than likely, the king is just associated with the upper atmosphere fires caused by solar flares, which the gods conjured to sterilize Uranians so they could replace them with the new Aungtalli species.  Ultimately the Uranians just refused to become extinct.
Metamphoreus:  The Nephaprican name for the closest galaxy to Magphoreus known to Earthlings as Andromeda.  This galaxy will merge with ours in a couple of billion years.  Astrophysicists say that event will usher in the fourth age of Magphoreus.
Methane Breathing Life Forms:  Mostly based on silicone, these life forms can exist beyond the habitable zones around stars that silicon life finds extremely uninhabitable and in need of methane conditioning.  The evolution of silicone life became anthropomorphic from more stationary plant-like ancestors on freezing planets.
Molecular Replication Device:  A star-door technology device capable of harnessing power from a phantom matter singularity in another universe to create almost anything out of nothing.  Part of the quantum-synchronized star-doors is a phantom matter singularity in another dimension, also quantum-synchronized with the 15 star-doors.  The star-doors were themselves created out of materials refined by this singularity.  (See Phantom Matter Singularity.)
Multidimensional Aerodynamics:  The evolution from phase II fusion warp drives achieved phase III by employing the physics of multidimensional aerodynamics, which accomplished the speed of light times two.  This achievement is the currently understood limitation for faster than light travel, which uses constant acceleration to reach unimaginable speeds.
Nanocode:  Subatomic programming language capable of permeating all existence.  Programs use computer processing with bits made out from molecules that store data in different patterns of quantum states for individual atoms in the quantum-bit molecule.  This type of computing revolutionized everything into the golden age of Nephapricus.  Artificial intelligence grew out of the unpredictable quantum effects of storing data this way.
Nanocode Quanta-Nano:  Technologies created with nanocode are quanta-nano technologies.
Negolim:  An old Nephaprican word for their species that remained terrestrial and never evolved galactic DNA.
Nephaprican-Nephapricus:  The giant humanoid beings that evolved galactic DNA in the second age for Magphoreus.  They were powerful blue beings with long hair, which stored minerals to nourish the body over time.
Nephaprican Dynasties: The Nephaprican Empire infrastructure got taken over by lesser-evolved alien civilizations after the Great Disappearance.  There were three post-Nephaprican Dynasties plus a brief period under emperor Turgis Riva before the final fall to Nephapricus.  That was the last 114,000,000 Earth years of Nephapricus ruled by beings called the Fuzaads for fifty million years, followed by another species called the Molah for about forty million years.  The last senate ran twenty-four million years with planets from many different alien species called the Nocreom until they got sacked in a coup de` tat led by the Grulmagof named Turgis Riva, the last emperor of Nephapricus.
Nephrican:  Terrestrial ancestor to the Nephapricans from the planet Nephrica orbiting the star Ea.  They were snake-like with tentacles and a single eye in the middle on their forehead.  They didn't have hair but grew a skin fabric cut and decorated in different ways like clothing.
Neweet:  The name Uranians give to the gas giant planet Tze-Doldus-1, which appears the size of Earth's moon in the Uranian sky because it's all in a miniature white dwarf star system.
Oa:  One of the fifteen original star-door stars.  Oa had a couple of planets (including a water world) discovered with evolving life and ecosystems.  Oa was one of the seven stars that disappeared when they turned it into a Devaplanet where the Devasura Anlil lives.  This Oa star/devaplanet orbits near the planet Ti in this story.
Oman:  Metric for galactic measurement is equivalent to how far light travels in a year on Nephrica, roughly 227 thirty-hour days long, or about 4.6 trillion miles.
One-Sided Wormholes:  The star-doors got connected by two-sided wormholes fixed to exact positions in different points of time/space, which were called portal matrixes.  This 3rd age of Magphoreus has seen the development of wormholes with a single fixed portal matrix allowing time/space to fold to almost any location.  The Dol star-door got brought to Goag Ralus through its portal matrix, a feat equivalent to a zero-sided wormhole.
Parsec:  Metric for galactic measurement approximately 3.26163626 light-years in length.
Paz:  One of the 15 star-door stars colonized by Pripicans.  Paz was one of the seven lost stars and got turned into the Devaplanet where Chronolus was born and raised.  The ancient Pripicans discovered life on one planet orbiting Paz.
Pea:  One of the 15 star-door stars found no life before being colonized and terraformed.
Peiomite Gas:  Post-Nephaprican Nephapricans discovered an exotic miniature gas giant planet in the Zoed star system that had an atmosphere with strange exotic gasses called Peiomite gas after a theory that it had a peio surface, which gave off this gas.  Why they found this helpful gas is now a mystery.  They mined the planet for this gas, apparently used it in many ways, from medical uses to sensor technologies, and researched its various effects by interacting with energy and chemicals.  Most of those Peiomite uses got lost in antiquity along with Nephapricus and what a peio is.
Pentanthropomorphic Gene Switches:  DNA series of gene switch turned on for humanoid life-forms of mammals, and reptiles.  These DNA switches are probably by Aigon-Sophin design to evolve terrestrial animals into galactic beings.
Phantom Matter:  Mysterious invisible matter in the universe, equivalent to what Earth physicists currently consider dark matter.  It is a subatomic particle that is weakly interactive with gravity because it is formed as a by-product from the virtual particle effect when a virtual particle, for whatever reason, fails to disappear after spontaneously coming into existence.
Phantom Matter singularity:  A form of a black hole created out of dark matter particles packed into a singularity effect.  Unlike a black hole, a phantom matter singularity is, by its nature, weakly interactive with the gravity force.  Therefore its gravitational effect mostly sucks in other dark matter particles to cause a universal expansion other than a gravitational contraction.  This expansion transforms the dark matter into matter, and whatever matter gets devoured is expanded into even more complex atomic structures.  The star-doors harness this power by drawing on a phantom matter singularity put into another universe with warp technologies.  Nephapricans made the indestructible star-doors from matter evolved through a phantom matter singularity.  Such a singularity probably created this universe.
Phase II Warp:  Method for using constant acceleration up to 1.02 times the speed of light by warping outside this universe with relativity physics where nothing can exceed the speed of light.
Phase III Warp:  Uses multidimensional aerodynamics to travel with constant acceleration up to 2.1 times the speed of light.
Planetary Warp Teleportation Grid:  A technology on star-door planets that provided teleportation to and from anywhere wherever a teleportation platform is to define the portal matrix.
Po:  Star-door star colonized by Nephricans and Pripicans in the early days during the 15-star cluster.  Po had two dry habitable zone planets, each with their own life evolving long before intelligent Nephricans and Pripicans took them over.
Poa:  Star-door star where Pripicans first evolved on the homeworld Pripica.  One of the first quanta-optic-nanocode entities called Bejulitiah was created there, even before the star-doors.  The planet Pripica is the planet Poa-3 in this story.
Pod Pollen Trees: A genetically engineered plant used for terraforming a planet.  It's considered a transitional species eventually replaced with more natural plants.  They survive on Urania and keep the vegetation in the atmosphere growing, which is also supposed to be a transitional species.
Portal Matrix:  Used to create wormholes.  The basic theory is to generate two points in time/space mathematically defined to both exist in the same place.  This method of quanta-synchronization technology causes the time/space to fold, which unites the two portal matrix points, allowing for travel across impossible distances.
Positive Nuon Charge:  Positive matter has a positive nuon charge, and anti-matter has a negative nuon charge.  Nuons are the most miniature form of subatomic particle, from which subatomic particles get made.  Nuons are also known as quarks.  At the creation of the universe, the anti-matter resolved itself on the other side of the quarks that make up the physical universe.  At the same time, this created an anti-matter universe on the other side of this dimension for reality, like two opposing diametric sides on a single coin.  Nephapricans created a material that could be made through quanta-nanocode technology to reverse its nuon charge, which defined it outside this universe.  Flipping atomic charges were the basis for warp technologies that led to faster than light travel.
Pripican:  Another terrestrial ancestor to the galactic species called Nephaprican.  The Pripicans were from the planet Pripica that orbited the star Poa.  That planet is Poa-3 in this story, where the star Poa is now just a pulsar of what's left of the star's core.  The Pripicans had four legs and two arms, and fur-covered bodies.
Psionic:  Another word for telepathic/telekinetic/teleprojection mental senses and abilities.  Psionic abilities get exhibited as the powers of an Eigalli horn.  (See Eigalli.)
Pyramid Ships:  At the height of the Nephaprican Empire, they applied their superior abilities with design and architecture to create giant virtual particle warp drive ships (Phase III) that were in the pyramid shape like those in Egypt.  The Orion arm Eagolim wayfarers are still led by the ancient pyramid ship called the Mynervood, which still keeps up with the 3rd galactic age Phase III ships.
Quadleate Fluid:  Urania was completely terraformed from a lifeless rock by Pripican space travelers calling the planet Tze-Doldus-2.  Quadleate was an example of a biological, genetic engineering trick for producing valuable chemical reactions with a plant by storing one half in leaves and another half in the roots' chemical component.  Uranians discovered this genetically engineered plant on Urania, and now they farm fields with it to produce a chemical coolant for engines and air conditioners.
Quanta-Fusion-Communicator:  Another star-door quantum-synchronization technology example.  Star-doors have produced millions of these devices in the last 4 billion years, with many surviving today.  They allow for a visual/audio hologram projection from both parties across any distance in time/space for the sake of communication.  The communication is not instantaneous, but the lag in transmitting and receiving is a mere ten to twenty seconds.
Quanta-Dimensional Warp Configuration:  The invention of quanta-nanocode allowed Nephapricans to change the nature of matter.  This science became the secret to faster-than-light travel by surrounding a ship with a substance that would flip its subatomic quark particle charges.  That created a quanta-dimensional warp configuration around the vessels, thus removing the constantly accelerating object from this universe.  That allowed for acceleration beyond the limit of the speed of light.  A lot of the limits to constant acceleration come from having to employ an equal amount of energy to decelerate and stop the ship.
Quanta-Optic-Nanocode:  A nanocode form that allows for a three-dimensional artificially intelligent light particle projection with subatomic virtual particle effects that imitate solidity.  The star doors got programmed with a quanta-optic-nanocode being who embodied all the star doors functions with an artificially intelligent consciousness.
Quanta-Optic-Bit and Quanta-Optic-Bit Processing:  The evolution from nanocode to optic-nanocode required a more sophisticated molecule constructed by the quark to computerize the virtual reality solidity-imitating quanta-optic-nanocode beings.  Pripicans first developed these technologies early on with artificially intelligent nanocode beings, which eventually evolved into quanta-optic-nanocode beings along with Nephapricans and the star-doors.
Quanta-Synchronized:  Wormholes get created by quanta-synchronizing two portal matrix points to existing at the same point in time/space.  On the subatomic level, particles can be synchronized in behavior so that wherever the two particles are and however far apart if the spin to one particle is changed, then the other particle's spin will also be affected.  The 15-star doors were also quanta-synchronized this way.
Quanta-Synchronized Awareness:  The principle for quanta-synchronization can conceivably be applied to awareness itself, allowing for telepathic communication with another consciousness anywhere in the universe.
Quantum Bits:  The Pripicans invented quantum bits while Nephricans mastered space travel.  Quantum bits were artificially constructed molecules made to store data for computer processing within the quantum states of each atom in these molecules.  One advantage of this was the artificial intelligence invention.
Quantum Flux:  Nephapricans were galactic architects and masters of turning dead rocks into habitable planets with atmospheres and magnetic fields.  Oversized moons were employed to produce tides for the sake of their effect on molecules, which they called quantum flux.  The quantum flux concept was mathematically related to the infinite number Phi, representing an evolutionary force in the universe that resists gravity.  The gravity force happens to be mathematically related to the infinite number Pi.
Ralus Xnoga:  The Nephapricans were well aware of the galaxy's supermassive black hole, which they named Ralus Xnoga or the Star Hole.  In the 2nd age, where Nephapricus existed, the nighttime was much brighter because Ralus Xnoga was more active then.  Its gravitational agitation gave the galaxy a brilliant galactic bar with stars that provided extra nighttime illumination.
Receiver Technology:  Urania is a star-door planet with a planetary electrical grid easily tapped.  This arrangement has affected their understanding of electricity's nature, and also, the Aungtalli created a value racket out from electricity distribution.  Clever Uranian scientists invented receiver technology to power cars, which caught on with the culture even though it probably got the inventors murdered.
Rogald Straights War:  Recent violent space war between the Grulmagof and the Golimechoid when colonies took advantage of the near distance between stars in the Rogald sector of space.  The Golimechoid almost fought off the Grulmagof ships when it became apparent that the Grulmagof had a superior alien ally in the effort.  The Golimechoid either fled into the void or got eradicated.
Rompass Vapor:  Incaprican societies genetically engineered a plant called rompass when they learned about quanta-nanocode from the Nephapricans, spreading around psychoactive plants on different planets.  Rompass makes psionic quanta-nanocoded smoke that produces animated images that are quanta-synchronized to the thoughts from the one exhaling.  Smoking rompass includes a pleasant truth-releasing euphoria.  The smoke show makes rompass a subtle form of mind-reading that is valuable for interrogation because it reads the smoker's mind and animates the thoughts in the air after being exhaled.  It also includes a wonderfully distracting euphoria. 
Rychesee:  One of the names for the seven stars that orbit Goag Ralus at the time in this story.
Seven Stars of Goag Ralus:  Goag Ralus got created with the quanta-optic-nanocoded ability to control the gravitational effect from Its unbelievably enormous mass.  Goag Ralus uses this to fix seven massive stars in orbit, 40 to 75 times the mass of Earth's star.  Each star orbits one among the seven spokes on Goag Ralus used for cultivating ecosystems with warmth and light, as well as plenty of solar energy.  The seven stars are Hyderon, Haflaxo, Klegon, Solkas, Rychesee, Tolk, and Hareesemjo.
Shapeshifting Plants:  Leafless plants evolve in galaxy areas with much more solar radiation than Earth.  They shapeshift to imitate images in the environment, which demonstrates in these plants an ability to see.  They grow to photograph the surroundings and shapeshift to replicate 'seen' images around them.
Silicone Species: Life forms evolved in extremely cold ecosystems where life breathes methane to metabolize ammonia, which they drink.  They are based on silicone, unlike the carbon-based life forms in habitable zones around stars.  They evolve on planets so cold that rocks get made out of frozen water.
Smugorfs:  Small domesticated pets on Urania probably evolved from the wild animal species called Foven.  (See Foven.)
Solkas:  Name of another one of the seven stars currently orbiting Goag Ralus.
Solar Wind Ionization Planetary Power Grid:  Star-door planets bath in so much available solar energy that it gets distributed across the planet's landmass for the sake of unlimited energy for everyone who can tap into the grid.
Sree Seree:  Alien beings with superior knowledge and technologies but no ambition to travel beyond their white dwarf star system in the Carina arm of Magphoreus.  They are tiny humanoid beings, around one foot tall.
Tek:  Standard for a galactic time known as the galactic year in this 3rd Age for Magphoreus.  They base a tek on the Goag Ralus year, where His orbit around Ralus Xnoga takes 311 Earth years.  During the 6 Goag Ralus months called Temets in the 311 Earth year Goag Ralus orbit, He passes through a circumnuclear disk of molecular gas to create a Goag Ralus winter due to solar wind interference.
Terrestrial Species:  The first form of life, as we know it, began in the 2nd Age after the Photonic Age.  They exist primarily on dry habitable zone planets.  They have not yet endured the DNA effects of space travel, which evolve a terrestrial species into a galactic species.
Terraforming:  Nephapricans perfected turning lifeless worlds into habitable worlds with atmosphere and life.  They developed genetic engineering programs to transform planets into habitable worlds in a couple of thousand Earth years.  That was not a long time for the galactic Nephapricans who lived longer life spans.  
Thulumga: Uranian mammal herd animal similar to the deer on Earth.
Ti:  Large planet formed in this 3rd age of Magphoreus from a pre-programmed nebula sent into galactic orbit by Goag Ralus.  Incapricans and Eagolim discovered Ti and built a spaceport on one of its planet-sized moons that had an atmosphere.  Eagolim used to hunt the gigantic reptile life that evolved on the tropical surface of Ti.
Timu:  (The Outer) Aungtalli religion got based on perceiving the universe and your relationship to it in terms of two pillars, Timu (the outer) and Umu (the inner.) These are the two objective and subjective extremes of existence, between which the Aungtalli religion guides its aspirants.
Tolk:  Another of the seven stars orbiting Goag Ralus.
Trengeofts:  A small brontosaurus-like reptile animal on Urania in habitats along the borders with the lifeless Southern Desert.
Trigloyts:  Small bird-like pets on Urania from the days that Nephapricans lived and recreated there.  They are currently extinct.  However, according to the Ministry of Science, trigloyt fossils have been found.  They are understood to be the primitive ancestors of Uranians, although the Aungtalli religion disagrees.
Troopaloo:  Nephapricans developed plants very similar to cannabis sativa/indicia plants to pollinate the evolution for intelligent life from animals with pentanthropomorphic gene switches turned on.  Primitive Uranians probably ate this.  Over time, eating troopaloo leaves encouraged more significant cerebral cortex regions in the brain by clogging synaptic areas with cannabinoids.  Now on Urania, troopaloo is smoked for its euphoric effects.
Turagalton:  Uranian root vegetable similar to the potato on Earth.
Tze-Doldus: The white dwarf star-door star that once orbited the star Tze in the days during the original Nephapricus star cluster.  No life was there originally when Pripicans traveled there, with the quanta-optic-nanocode being Beataphoriah.
Tze:  Red giant star over 72 solar masses in the original star-door cluster.  The white dwarf system Tze-Doldus orbited Tze until 600 million Earth years into the Nephaprican Empire, during the 2nd post-Nephaprican Dynasty.  Then Tze went nova, creating a tiny pulsar in the middle on a helix-like nebula from exploded star material.  Tze-Doldus got lost after this event, along with 3 of its planets.  After Tze exploded, the star-door built near Tze also got lost amongst the stars.
Umu:  (The Inner) The other pillar for extremes in the Aungtalli faith.  (See Timu.) The inner world is where the experiences with the outer become each individual's internal memories.  The Aungtalli faith guides the individual between the harsh reality with the external and the delusions from the inner world.
Virtual Particle Technologies: A flow of virtual particles along the curvature of space where dark matter can come into existance causes gravity.  Nephapricans developed technologies that make artificial fields with this virtual particle flow around objects to move them in the direction with the flow.  This anti-gravity technology revolutionized rocket technologies for attaining enough thrust to escape a planet's gravity hold.  A virtual particle drive ship falls off a world in its own controlled virtual particle field.  The power to control virtual particle fields has many applications and propulsion systems.  It gets used to make artificially intelligent virtual holographic beings, called quanta-optic-nanocode beings, imitate solidity.
Vivolen:  Another migrating Uranian bird species.
Waffs:  Herd animals cultivated on Uranian farms resembling a cross between a cow and a sheep.  The fur gets shaved for cloth.  Waffs get milked for beverages, and waff meat is a favorite entrée.
Warp Space:  The ability to send objects outside the universe also developed into other alternative realities, both virtual and real.  Nephapricans that traveled the stars became known as Eagolim, who evolved galactic DNA.  Nephapricans who never traveled the stars didn't develop galactic DNA and became Negolim.  Negolim is considered extinct in this 3rd Age of Magphoreus.  However, they might have crossed into these warp space alternative realities.  These terrestrial descendants from Nephricans, Pripicans, and Doldorians may exist today within the star-doors in reality programs.
Wiffsue:  Purple liquid drink on the planet Urania made from ground beans, similar to Earth coffee.
Xenastic Explosives:  Chemical compound developed on the planet Urania, similar to the highly explosive chemical nitroglycerin on Earth.
Yat:  One of the fifteen legendary star-door stars, which still exists today, bright orange and significant, but still burning a healthy core.  The star-door wormhole functions have been shut down for a billion or so Earth years, although Eagolim still exists on Yat-3 to care for this star-door.  Wormhole functions no longer work, and these Eagolim remain challenging to contact.  The star-door quanta-optic-nanocode being named Beatariel had disappeared within this star door’s multiple realities early in the 3rd Age of Magphoreus and to this day has not been reachable since.  Yat first got discovered by Nephricans and was said to be void of any life before its terraforming.  However, some ancient stories among galactic cultures familiar with Nephapricus refer to a silicon intelligent life species on the planet Caleb before it was warmed up and terraformed by Nephricans for habitable zone life.  Attempts to look up the actual documented history for this in the Eigalli Databanks appears to have removed references to this alleged genocide.


About the Author

DD White is the writer / artist who created
the free online graphic novels called Fantazine
as Davol White.  You can still read Fantazine online
where Aquari is featured in issues 4, 7, and 9 as the Aquari Trilogy.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


