






Arkstream



By



Angela B. Mortimer



Arkstream


PUBLISHED BY
Angela B. Mortimer at Smashwords

Copyright © 2020 Angela B. Mortimer

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.


*****







Arkstream
















Chapter 1


It’s much bigger than I imagined,’ Maron said, sat next to the pilot of the small shuttle, as they neared Explorer 2.
‘Yes,’ the woman agreed. ‘I applied but didn’t get a posting; they’d thousands of applicants for every position. What’s your speciality? You’re not Fleet.’
‘I’m a physicist.’
‘You don’t look old enough.’

Maron didn’t, now twenty-two, she’d received her doctorate when only nineteen. Thanks to her dad, life had been one long classroom. The only outlet had been the martial art Karten, and he’d taught her that too. Now, he was dead, and instead of grieving, she felt free. Free too of Vindo. She picked him as a lover when eighteen, to upset her parent. They’d stayed together and now she felt guilty at dumping him, sadder than at her father’s death. She’d turned down his marriage proposal several times. He might be a famous football star, but dad was right; he wasn’t intellectually challenging enough. She hoped he’d find a suitable wife and have the two children he craved. He was good in bed, the real reason she’d remained with him. Her thoughts were interrupted as the shuttle docked.

The passengers with little luggage got off first. The pilot helped Maron organise hers onto a hover-drifter, everything she owned.  The rest given to friends of her father, or sold, including her father’s house. She thanked the aviator and followed a stream of people, hoping she followed in the right direction. The crowds moved with purpose as if they knew where they went. It wasn’t an airport, no security control, or customs, she’d done that back on Earth. She asked a uniformed man.
‘New arrivals check-in with the stewards,’ he said. ‘Keep going down the passageway until you find a desk; they’ll allocate your dorm.’

A young man escorted her to a tiny cabin. Maron’s heart sank; three years in these cramped quarters.
‘Coffee machine’s down the aisle,’ the officer pointed, ‘and showers. The main galley for this sector is further along. There’s a map on your database. Do you know where you are working?’
‘No.’
‘If you put your name in the computer, it will tell you everything. Excuse me, we’re frantic at the moment, I must go back to the desk.’ A quick smile and he disappeared into the crowds.

She couldn’t take the hover drifter inside the small door so she started unloading. Where could she store it, perhaps a secure cupboard space at the workstation?

Logging on to find out where that was, the computer rejected her saying it was the wrong terminal.
A voice said ‘Dr Young?’
Standing at the open door was a smart officer.
‘I’m Commander Arbois. Sorry, there’s been a mistake; these are crew cabins. You are in guest quarters. We’ve another Young arriving and the mix-up was reported as we’ve been expecting you. Did you mention you are Dr Young?’
‘No, it sounds pretentious and nobody believes me,’ she replied with a quick smile.

She was tall with long straight dark hair, and needed no cosmetics to emphasise her stunning grey eyes - Don Arbois was a connoisseur of beautiful women.
‘I thought I’d better show you to your quarters. But before I leave you to settle in, I have to escort you to sickbay for a check-up before we get you suited.’
‘Suited?’
‘Yes, Dr Young, the Blowery asked to meet you.’
‘Me?’
‘Yes, and I doubt it expects to be kept waiting.’
Maron couldn’t accept the Blowery wanted to see her? ‘Are you sure it’s me?’
‘The communication gave your full name. It’s an unusual request; we’ve never known it to ask for anyone else, even the top brass beg for an audience. The Blowery is the reason this trip is happening.’
‘Yes, I know, my mother was lost on the first Explorer.’
‘I’m sorry.’
‘It was ten years ago.’
‘Your work’s with stream travel isn’t it?’
‘Yes, but I’m a junior physicist. Dr Flannelly is coming, isn’t he?’
‘No, he didn’t pass the physical; you’re the only stream scientist on-board.’
‘I looked forward to working with him. He was a good friend of my fathers.’

While they were talking, Commander Arbois helped Maron reload her cart and guided it along the passageway to the lift, unusual for a man of his rank to help, and not call for a steward. After several long corridors, the Commander stopped, touched a small screen and security doors opened. A short walk and they stopped before a set of double doors, and this time the hover fitted through.
‘This will be an improvement, Dr Young you are registered to enter.’
‘I have real windows. Thank you; the other room was pokey.’
‘Most crew spend off duty communally, but I doubt that’d appeal to you.’
‘Perhaps not, I work most of the time.’
‘Leave the drift in the main corridor when you’ve finished unloading it. I’m sorry to rush you but we should get to sickbay.’
‘This must be a mistake. Why does it want to talk to a junior physicist?’
‘Before I forget, the Captain is curious as to why too and is having drinks in his main office at 1800 hours. I’ll send a steward to show you the way, ten minutes prior.’
‘Thanks.’

Don Arbois left as a pleasant-looking redhead introduced herself as Jean Blake, Chief Medic.
‘Sorry for the rush Dr Young; I hear you just boarded.’
‘It’s Maron please,’ she said with a smile.
The older woman smiled back. ‘What the Blowery wants the Blowery gets. Not that it asks for much.’
‘Where is its spacecraft?’
‘I’ll show you.’ Maron followed her to a console and showed her a perfect sphere embedded on the top of the ship. ‘It’s bigger than I imagined.’
‘The atmosphere is poisonous; hence the suit, and the gravity high. They are different from the ones we trained in, as it takes an effort to walk in the sphere. I’ve reviewed your medical file, and I’ll take a quick scan to check if there are any changes. Lie down please?’ Maron did so. ‘Yes, as before, excellent. Your clothes will fit inside the outfit.’
‘May I have water?’
‘Nurse… Siobhan, get Dr Young something to drink, and eat?’
‘Just water, please. I don’t think eating is a wise idea.’
Siobhan came with a glass.
‘Not too much fluid Dr Young,’ Siobhan advised. ‘We don’t know how long you’ll be in there and the suits are basic; not for prolonged use. So relieve your bladder beforehand.’ Maron resisted guzzling the liquid. ‘If everyone on board were as fit as you, I doubt we’d need a sickbay.’

Jean Blake was full of life, and Maron liked her bedside manner. ‘I expect you’ve been summoned to the Captain's soiree this evening?’
‘Yes, and they’ve organised someone to show me how to get there.’
‘My husband’s too busy to go, why don’t I pick you up instead and show you the ropes. As Chief of the Medical Department, I can’t get out of it. I’ll cancel the escort.’
‘And if the Blowery didn’t ask for me I wouldn’t be invited?’
‘No, it’s usually head of departments.’
‘I have a large and luxurious cabin.’
‘On B deck?’
‘I think so.’
‘It’s worth suiting up for that alone. There are only four suites on B, the Captains, Don’s and two others. Fleet always keeps a spare, just in case.’ Jean laughed. ‘I’d love one of those. I’ve got married quarters on C deck, and my husband is the Chief Engineer.’ The women knew they’d be friends. ‘They keep the suits near the lock between the ships. It’s hush-hush; guards everywhere, not fleet either—Earth police.’
‘Really, I thought they were… tough?’
‘They’re not as bad as you’ve heard, most are cute.’

‘Dr Young, I am Colonel Chan, Head of Security. Please follow me, the Sergeant will help you suit-up.’ From the style of his outfit, he was Fleet.
The Sergeant was a good-looking young woman with short blond hair in the black uniform of the Earth Police.

The suit was lighter than the usual spacesuit, but for a moment, Maron experienced that slight panic as the helmet was fitted, and she forced herself to breathe. Jean monitored her.
‘Breathe normally. Ready?’
‘As I ever will be.’

Colonel Chan opened the first hatch and Maron walked inside. The heavy slam of the door made her panic again.
‘Follow the red light,’ Jean prompted. Maron did so, and another hatch opened, this lock was full of green steam and she felt disorientated. ‘Follow the red lights.’
Maran heard another lock open and moved towards it, using the lights as a guide. The opening whooshed again. She couldn’t see, and as the gravity kicked in, she longed to sit or lie on the floor. If she did, she’d never get up again.

‘I won’t keep you long, Maron,’ said a voice in her mind.  Maron knew the Blowery was a telepath, but it was disconcerting.  She distinguished something. A dark yellow transparent ball with bits of seaweed stuck to the surface, and these appendages moved as it spoke. Maron saw inside the body and its innards working. This was a real alien.
‘I’m not the same as hominid types found in the Blue Sector by the first Explorer. Odd isn’t it, how similar they are to your race, what is your theory on that, Maron?’
‘Our genes show many similarities,’ she answered aloud.
‘Conclusion?’
‘We must’ve started life together, but Earth is our planet and we belong here, I am puzzled, is this something to do with you?’
‘Why?’
‘I am unsure, an experiment. Yours?’ There were strange feelings in Maron’s mind.
‘We only serve,’ the Blowery said.
‘Why are you here?’
‘I merely serve and am not privy to the answers. I am your guide through the streams. You and your father did well to get as far as you have, and your calculations are even closer than his. It was nice to meet you, Maron.’

Maran heard the hatch open; the Blowery disappeared. She forced her fatigued body into the first lock and then the other. She experienced huge relief as the doctor removed the helmet.
‘You ok?’ Jean looked worried.
‘I will be; just exhausted. It was difficult not to lie on the floor; the heavy gravity is hard to manage.’
‘Let’s take off the suit. I’ve got a hover-chair ready.’
‘I can walk.’
‘Rubbish, you can hardly stand.’

Maron was grateful to get back to sickbay. Jean gave her meds to help regain her equilibrium, but she still felt tired.
‘Best you go to your quarters to rest. You’ve five hours before you meet the Captain. I’ll give you a wake-up call half an hour prior. Drink as much fluid as you can before going to sleep. Siobhan will take you in the chair.
‘No protests, Dr Young, it’s a long way to B deck, and from these cerebral readings, you might faint. Do as the Doctor tells you,’ Siobhan advised.
‘Are my readings odd?’
‘Yes, your mind is working overtime.’ Jean admitted. ‘I’m sure it’s stress, you will be fine after sleep. I’ll pick you up later.’
‘Thanks.’

She was embarrassed to be guided by Siobhan in the hover-chair. She recovered fast, and at her quarters was back to normal. Siobhan made sure she drank water before leaving. She was short and bubbly, a redhead like her boss, with the same warm manner, and wouldn’t take no for an answer either.
‘Get into bed and leave the unpacking until later. Wow, I love these quarters. Must be as big as the Captains; not that I’ve ever seen them,’ she said with a wink.
The lights dimmed as the door closed.

Maron slept soundly and woke to a voice on the intercom. ‘Maron?’
‘Yes Jean, here.’
‘How are you?’
‘Fine, I wondered where I was for a moment, but I’m much better, I know it’s a stupid question but what does a civilian wear to this do?’
‘Same as on Earth, a dress - short. Long is only for formal occasions and thank god they are rare. I’ll pick you up in half an hour.’







Chapter 2


Don Arbois reported to the Captain, Jamie Macdonald.
‘Well, describe her?’
Don smiled. ‘Good-looking; not the usual egghead.’
‘Good, because I need you to get to know her, keep her close, sleep with her.’
‘Oh no, I can’t. I admit I’d like to, but I’m close to getting Amy Siddons to marry me and I won’t spoil it.’
They were old friends, both career orientated.
‘You mean you are marrying Daddy’s billions.’
‘If anyone else said that Jamie, I’d flatten them.’
‘You couldn’t.’
‘I don’t suppose I could. Jamie, get someone else to baby-sit Miss Laguna Keys.’
‘That nice?’
‘Come on, you owe me.’
‘Then who do you suggest? The Brass tells me to do this; they don’t want her getting off with anyone unsuitable.’
‘Christ Jamie, most of the officers have their wives here. How about Luke Brierley?’
‘No.’
‘Seth Loden?’
‘He’s older than I am.’
‘He’s not; besides you’re not old.’
‘Eight years older than you.’
‘Time for a whisky.’

Jamie nodded and waited for Don to reach into his cupboard and pour them.
‘Thanks. I’ll be forty-five next birthday and when I get back, I’ll be ready for my nice cushy job at Fleet, ready to hand this over to you.’
‘And I will be ready to leave Amy at home with the baby.’
Jamie laughed.
‘Let’s check the ladies file. Hey, listen to this, 6th grade Karten, amazing for her age isn’t it. You’re 5th grade, aren’t you? Ask her for a Karten match.’
‘Yeah, Don.’
‘Why not? She’s not Fleet, the fraternising protocol doesn’t apply; you can’t promote her, she’s a civilian. I’ve heard you bemoaning to Jim and me how you can’t get a good fight partner, it’s too easy - 6th grade, Jamie.’
‘You’ve made your point, but find a suitable boyfriend, will you? She was going out with a football star, so she’ll fancy a handsome beefcake. Women like her often do. No crewmen, Don, Fleet wouldn’t like it.’

‘What’s the Captain like Jean?’
‘I’m not the best person to ask, he’s a cold icicle. Most women aboard would have sex with him if he asked. He doesn’t; not a good career move. That comes first.’
‘You don’t think much of him.’
‘Is it obvious? My husband worships him. I admit he’s attractive. Prematurely grey with dark sardonic eyebrows and eyes so blue they pierce. Handsome, I guess, but not my type. I prefer fire to ice in my men, like my old fella. Well, deep breath, here we are.’
‘Are you sure this dress is ok Jean?’
‘Are you kidding? If I still had a figure like you I’d wear it.’

The Captain’s outer office was large and luxurious.  Only twenty people assembled. She and Jean were the only women. Fleet was still predominantly male after fifty years. A tall, lithe man came forward and from Jean’s description, it must be the Captain. He looked younger than Maron expected. Jean was right, his wide smile didn’t reach his eyes.
‘Thanks for taking care of Dr Young, Jean.’
‘We women need to stick together, as always we are thin on the ground at these get-togethers.’
Another cold smile from the Captain, before he said; ‘Commander Ravisanderava should be here too, but she’s stuck in logistics as they are busy.’
‘Yes, they must be.’ Jean agreed.

A steward appeared, and both women opted for champagne.
‘How was your meeting with the Blowery, Dr Young?’
‘To be honest Sir, I haven’t documented it. I had to sleep afterwards, it was an exhausting experience.’
‘Please report to me at ten tomorrow for a debriefing.’ Another polite smile and he moved away.
‘I’ll introduce you.’ Jean glared at Jamie’s back.

‘Come.’
Maron entered. Was it her imagination or did he give her the once over? He got up from behind his desk and indicated they sit at a more comfortable low table and chairs.
‘Please sit, Dr Young. Have you had breakfast?’
‘Yes, thank you.’
‘Coffee?’ he pointed to a jug, it smelt real.
‘Thanks.’
He poured them both a mug. ‘Have you settled in?’
‘No, to be honest, I haven’t unpacked my drifter yet. What with the Blowery and the champagne, I slept late. I’ll find my work station next and finish unpacking. I have sent a report.’
‘There’s no hurry; we don’t leave the dock for another week; plenty of time to get organised. Tell me how did the interview go?’
Maron reached for her coffee and held it in both hands as if she were cold. ‘It asked me the same questions we ask. Why are our genes similar to the Blue Sector hominids, and why are we on a planet so far away?’
‘What did you say?’
‘The usual, what everyone says? However, there were some odd comments. “We only serve”, odd, as if it meant more than the words.
The Captain looked puzzled. ‘Nothing else?’
‘No.’ Maron paused a while. ‘It’s dreamlike.’

‘I believe you are 6th grade Karten. You’re young for a high grade.’
‘I started when I was two; my father was 7th grade. Physics and Karten were his two passions; he said one balanced the other.’
‘I am a 5th grade; we should have a match.’
‘Yes, we should.’
Next moment she walked back to her quarters, and hadn’t finished her real coffee. Rude man!

She found her workstation, unpacked, and was admiring the view from the artificial window when the intercom sounded. ‘Dr Young.’
‘Yes, Captain?’
‘I’ve booked a Karten ring for 1700 hours. I’ll meet you there.’
‘Yes, Sir.’
‘There are changing rooms attached Dr Young.’
‘Thank you.’
I see what Jean means, thought Maron. I am tired and disorientated, and almighty god wants a Karten match in three hours.

Maron was nervous, she was a good fighter and used to fighting men, but the Captain’s interest was puzzling. He was monitoring her and it was to do with the Blowery. Why else? Meeting the alien changed the way people reacted to her, and she didn’t like the attention. Jean suggested drinks later that evening; at least she treated her as a normal human being.

The Karten uniform had evolved.  A helmet protected the brain, loose black pants worn by both sexes and tied at the waist, but the padded tops differed slightly. They wore padded gloves to above the elbow, and pads over the lower legs to protect the shins.
Jamie Macdonald stripped well and had pronounced muscles. He took the art seriously.

The Captain attacked. Maron was slower than usual and took kicks to her legs. She came back, got through his defence, and caught the side of his head with a slapping back fist. He was surprised. They were well matched, although Maron wasn’t at her best, and after twenty gruelling minutes, both were sweating and panting. Then Maron’s foot swept him and the surprised man was on the floor, she pressed her advantage and using her body held him to the ground. He didn’t give up, and they struggled. Maron gave up, and they reversed and she lay on her back, Jamie on top holding her arms.
‘Good match,’ he said. Both were breathing hard. She noticed the ties on her top had worked loose and saw his eyes go to her cleavage. He let go of her arms, but he didn’t move.
Fuck me, Maron said to herself, god, fuck me. ‘Fuck me.’ She said aloud.

His lips sought hers, he then undid the ties and opened her top, and was about to kiss her breasts…
The intercom sounded. ‘Captain? Sir, we need you in Engineering.’
‘Is it urgent?’ he shouted. He looked annoyed.
‘Yes, Sir.’
‘I’ll be there soon, Lieutenant.’

He got up without saying a word, showered and changed. Maron lay there a few moments before doing the same.
When she came out, he’d gone.
Good God, Maron, she thought. You asked the most important man on the ship for sex, and you’ve only just met?

Maron told Jean what happened.
‘Hell, you don’t waste time.’
‘It’s six weeks since I gave Vindo the push; I must be desperate.’
‘Yes, you must, not Jamie Macdonald! Ugh. Besides, he’s old enough to be your father!’ She shivered.
‘Maybe I like older men. He’s not bad looking.’
‘How did he react?’
‘He kissed me. He was angry when called away, but he didn’t speak to me before he left. I’m confused.’

‘Look who’s heading our way, the man himself.’ Jean went bright red with embarrassment. ‘We don’t see you here often, Captain,’ she commented.
Jamie was unfazed; although it was obvious, Maron told Jean what happened on the Karten floor.
‘No Jean, I don’t come here very often, mind if I join you?’
‘Of course, Captain,’ Jean replied.

A waiter appeared.
‘Whisky and soda for me, and whatever the ladies are having.’
‘Yes, Sir.’
‘It took ten minutes for us to get served,’ said Jean, sounding her usual self.
‘Being the boss has compensations.’ He looked at Maron.

Jean could tell he wanted her to leave, so she hurried her drink. ‘Must get back Maron, Jim’s off duty soon. Goodbye Captain.’
‘Doctor.’

A deep silence followed, and Maron had to apologise. ‘I’m sorry if I embarrassed you, Sir.’
‘Jamie.’
‘I can’t call you Jamie.’
‘Why not, Maron?’
She shook her head. ‘I’m sorry, I don’t know what came over me.’
‘The same as came over me. It is unprofessional of you to ask a lower grade for sex in the ring. Do you still want me to fuck you,’ his voice was low, but Maron worried someone might overhear them.
She laughed. It made him smile. They were unaware everyone watched them.
‘Jamie!’
‘Jamie,’ she corrected, laughing. ‘It’s been a while since I said goodbye to my boyfriend.’
‘You are a bitch, beautiful but a bitch,’ he said, still smiling.
‘I must go, I haven’t eaten yet.’
‘Is that a hint?’
‘No, besides it wouldn’t look good if we left together.’

He waited and finished his drink, and tried not to sit there with a strange grin on his face. Don’s instinct proved right, but it was more than just a good Karten match.

Maron was relieved to hear her door buzz. She’d have been angry if it hadn’t. She changed her work suit for a tight, blue casual dress, her stormy eyes picked up its colour. He came in carrying a large cardboard box.
‘Dinner,’ he said putting it on the table, ‘I hope you were expecting me?’ He looked at her, and then opened the box and pulled out a bottle of champagne. ‘Dating the top officer has advantages. We might as well enjoy this fresh food. We’ll soon get frozen, and god knows what else. Glasses?’
‘Do I have any?’
‘Yes, in the galley; top cupboard left-hand side. They fit all B deck apartments in the same way; I’m next door.’
‘A humble physics doctor doesn’t warrant a room as smart as this?’
‘Nothing humble about a doctor the Blowery asks to meet.’
‘So you’d have asked me for drinks or a Karten match if it hadn’t asked?’
‘Once I’d met you, yes.’
‘I heard you are less than charming, I can’t say I agree.’
‘Jean Blake, no doubt.’
‘I’m not telling.’

He popped the cork on the bottle as she brought the glasses. ‘She’s right; I’m not charming. I’m aloof, because of my position. You changed that when you said what I was thinking as I lay on top of you. You intrigue me, Maron Young. As you might imagine, a man in my position has women of many ages and ranks trying to get me into bed; it’s a power thing. But we two are evenly matched.’
‘At least at Karten.’
‘What do you want, lobster, chicken, salad, cheese, bread?’
‘Wow, back on Earth this lot would cost a small fortune.’
‘Be my guest,’ he moved into the small galley, getting out what they needed as Maron grabbed a piece of chicken.
‘Yummy. They have livestock on board, don’t they?’
‘Yes, but the Blowery tells us not to eat them, they are needed where we are going.’
‘What for?’
‘I don’t know, the Blowery never goes into detail. Hydroponics will keep us supplied with lettuce leaves.’
‘You will get lettuce leaves; the rest of us recon packs.’
‘So will I. It depends what we find when we get to our destination; I hope there’s plenty of food, I hate recon packs. Lobster?’
‘Lobster, I can’t believe it! I had it once on my eighteenth birthday; cost dad a fortune. I met Vindo at the restaurant. Dad was furious.’
‘Vindo, the boyfriend you miss so much?’
‘Ex.’ She corrected him. ‘Can you break it open for me? Dad said when he was a boy lobster was still available to the ordinary person.’
‘Fleet prefer to live well,’
He arranged the lobster on a plate.
‘You are more domesticated than I am, Jamie.’
‘Fleet insists on perfection.’
‘Is that so?’
‘You are a bitch, am I safe with you?’ he smiled. ‘Why didn’t you marry Vindo, he’s rich and famous?’
‘And dumb, no, that was bitchy, he was a good man, and I wasn’t nice to him. He’ll get over it; girls swarm over him.’
‘But he wanted you.’ Jamie was serious now. ‘Are you going to dump me too when I’m no longer interesting or convenient,’ his voice hardened.
‘I wasn’t under the impression this was serious,’ she answered. ‘Perhaps I chose the wrong man.’
‘I’ll leave now if you’d prefer.’
Their eyes locked.
‘No,’ she said.

The intercom buzzed.
‘Christ!’ swore Jamie, and leapt out of bed. ‘I didn’t mean to fall asleep. Answer it!’
‘Hello,’ Maron said, half asleep.
‘Hello, Dr Young, I’m looking for the Captain.’
She looked at Jamie who was pulling on his clothes.
‘Don,’ he shouted, ‘For Pete’s sake.’
Don Arbois sounded amused. ‘Sorry Sir, but there’s a message coming in from Fleet for you.’
‘I’m coming. Stall them. Out.’

Maron pulled the cover over her.
‘Any complaints doctor?’
‘No, you cocky bastard.’
‘Better than Vindo?’
‘I’m not saying.’
He kissed her. ‘Lucky it’s Don.’
‘They’ll find out.’
‘I’ll see you tonight Maron, I’m late for my roster.’
Maron asked for an alarm and slept on.







Chapter 3


Don Arbois was about to go off duty and waited for Jamie to give him the hand-over.
‘I’ll be glad when I’m back on day duty with you. This place is like a tomb at night.’
‘We are funny creatures aren’t we Don? In space, there’s no night or day, but we still insist there is.’
‘It’s a social thing: everyone hates the quieter shifts.’ Don accepted a coffee. ‘Thanks, all too soon we will be on freeze-dried or worse.’
‘If you marry Amy Siddons, you can afford the real stuff all the time when we get back.’
‘Hope so. Nice meal last night?’ Don grinned.
‘Wondered when you would bring that up, yes it was.’
‘I heard you raided the kitchen, don’t forget, I have to sign their logbook. Impressive choice – Lobster eh? I hope the lady liked it. This is out of character, isn’t it? You always kept affairs as far away from the old Lonestar as you could.’
‘Tell me, old friend, if an exquisite, intelligent young woman asked you to fuck her what would you do?’
Don whistled. ‘She doesn’t mess around, does she? If I wasn’t going out with Amy I would. Hell no, for Dr Young I’d risk it anyway.’
‘She fights like a man too; we drew, but she hung back.’
‘I’m impressed.’
‘Taking it to the next level on the Karten mat was unusual, but they called me away.’
‘Sorry.’
‘I’m glad you worked out where I was. I didn’t mean to fall asleep in her bed but the lady is athletic.’
‘Lucky Jamie.’
‘Don, I’ve been “caught”.’ His admission surprised both.
‘I don’t believe it. You are every man’s idea of the perfect bachelor with a new woman on every shore leave?’
‘In comparison with Maron, those ladies are unsubstantial. She real, but she’s so young, being a doctor, you forget she’s only twenty-two.’
‘All you waited for was a Karten champion like yourself?’
‘You don’t approve?’
‘I never thought you’d get caught. Does she understand how you feel about her?’
‘She knew the moment she asked me, and so did I.’
‘So it’s wedding bells?’
‘I’m caught, but she’ll fight it.’
‘I hope she wins.’

Maron spent all day setting up her workstation, but she could also work from her rooms. It helped to “bounce” ideas off colleagues. She locked the stream information away for safety. She wasn’t sure why, it was her past life and her father’s memories, and even if she reproduced what was on the files it wouldn’t be the same.
Her lab colleagues were mainly men, most approaching middle age and with the strange sense of humour common among their peers. There was another woman too, an elegant Francophile in her late thirties. The group lunched together, but Cecile refused to relax with them.
‘Don’t worry Maron,’ said Joe Castrona, one of the older physicists. ‘It’s not just you. The woman sits alone hoping the Captain will meet with her.’
Maron choked.
‘Didn’t you realise most of the ladies, and not just the unmarried ones have the hots for Jamie Macdonald? Lucky bastard, it comes with the territory.’
‘Yeah, Joe,’ said another colleague. ‘My Ellie maintains that one of her young librarian’s drops everything when he looks at old books or asks what’s new on Novo-pad. She suggests it’s pathetic as she’s half his age.’
They’d finished eating when Jamie walked into the mess hall; he stopped and looked around. Cecile’s body language echoed in her wide smile. But he’d seen Maron, and discretion was no longer in play.

Jamie came over and smiled. ‘Maron, I’ve time at five for Karten, can you make it?’
‘Yes,’ she hesitated for a split second, ‘Captain.’
Joe’s mouth was open. The whole chamber hushed. Jamie nodded to the physicists with Maron, and then sat with two of the bridge officers, much to Cecile’s disgust. She gave Maron a look that could kill.

‘I should have kept my mouth shut shouldn’t I?’ said Joe. ‘Sorry, Maron.’
‘What for? The Captain and I are well-matched at Karten.’
‘Remind me if we ever get into a fight to get behind you,’ said Joe as the others grinned.
‘Are you good?’ asked Peter Krupp, Ellie’s husband.
‘It all depends on the opposition.’

Maron had recovered from her visit to the Blowery. She beat him, but it was a long hard fight. Jamie Macdonald didn’t give up either, and they lay on the mat panting with exhaustion.
‘I’ve got a meeting in ten minutes,’ he said as he recovered. ‘I can’t produce another box of goodies, so why don’t we get tongues wagging more, and have dinner in the restaurant behind the officer’s club?’
‘Jamie are you sure you haven’t gone space happy. The Captain dating a junior scientist; it’s not as if I’m the Chief Engineer.’
‘I’ll see you in the bar at 1930 hours.’
‘I’m meeting Jean there at seven.’
‘Fine, then I’ll bring Jim with me.’
‘Are you sure Jamie?’
‘Why were you going to let me down, once you got me into bed?’
‘No.’
‘Good. See you then.’

It shocked Jean. ‘You’re having dinner with him and in public, worse than almost making out on the Karten mat. Everyone knows about the box of rare goodies he brought. As yet no-one’s talking about him staying the night. I’m hallucinating, I must be. Jamie Macdonald, Mr Perfect Fleet, with ice in his veins, is screwing a girl young enough to be his daughter, while we are still in space dock.’ Jean paused. ‘Maron Young, as soon as we met I had this odd sensation as if we’d known each other for years, and we’d become great friends.’
‘Same here.’
‘But, you and Jamie!  And after I put him down.’
‘Don’t worry Jean, I might hate him in a few weeks.’
‘No Maron, this isn’t his style. My Jim studied at Fleet Academy with him. He said he was brilliant, careful and knew what he wanted. Once, my Jim got into a scrape, a dismissible one, and Mr Jamie Macdonald took the rap. He got away with it as he had a perfect record, and they didn’t want to lose him. They knew his potential. Jim has been his slave ever since, served with him on the Lonestar, where we met and every other ship. Jamie wasn’t happy when I came on the scene. It broke up his little mate’s group, and now Don Arbois is marrying Amy Siddons.’
‘The heiress?’
‘Yes, she’s aboard too. Fleet, and works in housekeeping, can you imagine it? Mousy little thing, down to earth, not at all what you’d expect, and nice, she makes you happy when she smiles. She deserves better than playboy, Don. Oh, Jamie just walked in with Jim. Deep breath and doctors face on.’
She greeted them as if they had been discussing the weather, and then they spent an hour listening to Jim and Jamie discussing old times.

Jim was tall, dark, and handsome; the same age as his Captain and it was obvious he hero-worshipped Jamie. Jean had to kick her husband under the table so they left Maron and Jamie alone.

When they left, Jamie moved closer to Maron. ‘You are beautiful in that dress.’
‘Shush, everyone is looking at us.’
‘Jean doesn’t like me, does she?’
‘No, she says you tried to break them up.’
‘Yes, I did.’
‘Why?’
‘Seems stupid, jealous my friend had a partner. Jim and I are close friends, and served on the same ships for nearly twenty years; pretty Jean broke into our bachelor bliss. Can’t say I blame her dislike of me, I didn’t play fair. Hungry?’ he changed the subject.
‘Yes, aren’t I always?’
‘Our table should be ready.’
There was a brief period of uncertainty, and then Jamie got up and took Maron’s arm to lead her into dinner. The large room was silent.

‘I’m in a goldfish bowl,’ she said as the waiter rushed off to get drinks.
‘Would you have preferred to go to one of our rooms and get it sent?’
‘No, we’ll get through this Jamie. Jean says you weigh everything up before you do anything. This is a very public dinner; you held my arm, it doesn’t look like a careful man to me.’
‘No, I agree, I’m not being careful, I might lose you to someone else if I was to be careful, and I don’t want to lose you… ever.’
Maron wasn’t shocked at his admission. ‘Do we know each other well enough yet for any commitment?’
‘After three years we will. I have a house by the beach on the West Coast.’
‘U.S.?’
‘Yes. It’s beautiful, Maron. Still unspoilt, you can catch the odd fish. We’ll watch the sun go down over the water, you’ll love it. Only a quick flight over the Pacific if you feel like going home for a visit to Melbourne.’
‘Are you asking me to marry you?’ Maron sounded shocked.
‘I suppose I am.’
‘Jamie, I can’t possibly answer that yet.’
‘We have three years. I’ll have an answer when you are ready to give me one.’

Not hiding their relationship, Jamie told Fleet about his relationship with Dr Young. It pleased them; he did his duty as requested. Jamie smiled to himself after Admiral Joshlin’s face disappeared from the screen.
‘Duty? Hell no. Admiral, I’m in love.’

The news made life difficult for Maron in the lab over the next few days. Cecile was as bitchy as a woman could be. Spitting out nasty comments, such as how Australian girls were so uninterested in grooming and clothes, they didn’t care how they looked. Maron’s other colleagues stuck by her. Joe got angry and called Cecile a jealous old bag in front of everyone.

It was eight hours to the start of their long journey and Maron hadn’t seen Jamie for a day; although he’d contacted her and told her he loved her, and once they were in space they would have more time for each other. Jean too, was busy and had little time for socialising. But the night before they were to leave, she and an exhausted Jim, met Maron for a drink in the crowded bar.
‘Seen anything of Jamie?’ Jim asked her.
‘Not since yesterday.’
‘We are ready in engineering, didn’t think we’d make it. Waiting for Fleet to give us the ok. Everyone’s aboard. Can you imagine how much food they stow away for three thousand people for three years? Not to mention the animals.’
‘Animals? Jamie mentioned a few chickens and ducks, and a cow and goat or two,’ said Maron.
‘There is a lot more than that on board - check the manifest. We have ten zoologists and four vets. The Blowery suggested to Fleet that an exchange of species would be a good idea. There’s not much nature left on Earth unless we plundered the Zoos, which I’m guessing we did. Anything the Blowery wants, she gets. There are all kinds of creatures on board.’
‘It’s like an Ark,’ said Jean. ‘There’s no-one on board who is older than Jamie and Jim, and the Blowery insisted on as many married officers as possible. It requires crew to be single, but the average age is less than twenty-three and equal numbers of both sexes; most unusual, crews are predominantly male. Odd isn’t it?’

Was Maron the only one becoming uneasy? They remained silent thinking about the rules the Blowery laid down. She felt a hand on her shoulder and jumped; it was Jamie.
‘Sorry Maron, I didn’t mean to startle you.’
Jim and Jean looked at each other. ‘Is everything stowed Jamie?’ asked Jim.
‘Yes, the last shuttle’s gone, and all the brass with it. We should enjoy our last party, we limit alcohol from now on, hope we have enough scotch Jim, old mate.’

An exhausted Jamie slept in Maron’s arms, but she couldn’t sleep. The word Ark kept repeating in her mind. Jamie woke up and made love to her again and eventually she fell asleep. He left early. She was calmer, and the thought in her head was no longer “Ark”, but that she would marry Jamie. The question was, should she tell him soon, or wait for the three years, just in case?

You could sense the tension everywhere, as the start of the journey was to be announced shortly. Maron wasn’t the only one early to breakfast and Joe, Peter and Carl Muller were already in the Lab.
‘Cecile Dumont got drunk and got off with one of the medical doctors last night,’ smirked Carl, ‘perhaps now she’ll give up on the Captain.’
‘And maybe she’ll be in a better mood today,’ suggested Peter.
‘I doubt it, she’s a cow,’ said Joe, ‘I’m sorry for poor Martin Beresford.’
Maron couldn’t resist a smile. ‘How long until we leave?’
‘Half an hour,’ answered Joe, ‘Nervous?’
‘Very.’
The intercom buzzed; Peter answered it. ‘Maron, you are wanted on the bridge.’
‘Me, you’re joking?’
‘The Captain’s girlfriend gets all the perks,’ said Joe, with a wide grin.
‘No, he wouldn’t?’
‘It’s his ship, he can do what he wants,’ said Carl. ‘Guys, I think this romance is serious.’
‘Go, go,’ said Joe shooing her out.

Maron hurried to the bridge, the guard expected her and opened the door. She stood on the threshold of the ship’s heart.
A young officer said. ‘This way please, Dr Young,’ and led her to Jamie’s desk, he patted an empty chair beside him.
‘Take the admiral’s chair, Maron. We should remember this moment together.’ Everyone appeared calm. Don rushed from station to station getting final checks and then he handed the work pad to Jamie. ‘Everything present and correct, Sir,’ he said, saluting, and smiled at Maron before taking the seat on the other side of Jamie.

Five minutes to go; a huge screen counted down. Maron could hardly breathe as time ticked away.
‘Helmsman,’ said Jamie, ‘is the heading set?’
‘Yes, Sir!’
‘Then take her out.’
The ship groaned as the last umbilical cords disengaged and Explorer 2 shuddered. ‘Half speed as soon as we hit open space.’
‘Yes, Sir.’

Earth disappeared. Maron gripped the arm of the chair, certain she’d never see it again.







Chapter 4


Maron’s standing had changed. As Jamie Macdonald’s official partner it involved attending various functions. She impressed everyone, her speciality was stream physics, and she understood how ideas depended on each other.
Carlos Strpenza was the head of the anthropology department, and she became friends with him, and his forthright, bubbly wife Renee.
‘Even though I finished a year ahead of Carlos, they still gave him the top position.’
Carlos nodded. ‘I’m not surprised Renee’s annoyed, Fleet is archaic with genders, that’s why you as the stream physics specialist was a good move, unusual but deserving. My brother follows your work and is impressed they chose you.’
‘Has my husband mentioned we studied under your mother?’ asked Renee.
‘No!’
Renee saw the brief pain in Maron’s eyes.
‘Maron, I’m sorry?’
‘I wish they’d found the body, not left her on the planet.’
‘You resemble her,’ said Carlos.
‘I’ve footage of her at my age,’ Maron smiled. ‘I remember her singing, but the rest has disappeared.’
‘Everyone was fond of her.’ added Renee. ‘She worked us hard, but kind and helpful when needed. We were devastated when we heard what happened. It must have been difficult to lose her at that age.’
‘Father was beside himself with grief when he found out. He didn’t want her to go on the flight without him. She said the opportunity might never come again. I’m repeating it. Dad became obsessed with stream physics, Karten, and me too. He’d have gone with her, but they couldn’t leave me because grandma’s health wasn’t the best and there was no-one else. I read the official report only after dad’s death, saying how the natives attacked and how my mother distracted them while the others escaped. They didn’t find her body afterwards.’
‘I’m so sorry, Maron,’ said Renee.
‘That isn’t why I came. Dad died a few months ago, and they needed a steam physicist. Fleet asked me to come. The opportunity gave freedom I’d never had.’

Most of the guests left the function, and Maron joined the others. Jean and Jamie always found something on which to disagree, but sensing Maron needed to talk, she moved so they could be alone.
‘How’s the move going?’
‘Well, it’s not as if we can change the furniture or colour scheme. Why are all ships the same, dull cream and imitation wood.’
‘Just like Fleet Offices, perhaps it’s to give us a sense of belonging, or safety.
‘Should I tell them it doesn’t work,’ Maron laughed.
‘I overheard your talk with the Strpenzas.’
‘It’s fine Jean; a long time ago.’
‘No, it’s not. I’ve read the reports on data, it’s hard to grieve without finality.’
‘I haven’t read them yet. Not had time.’
Jean looked sceptical.
‘Then do. A good scotch for the ladies too please, gentleman?’ she shouted over to Jim who was pouring the men a generous glass of the precious fluid.
Jim brought them over and left. He understood when to leave the girls alone.

‘I’m not head of psych so I can’t officially advise you, but it may help.’
‘Yes, I know Jean, I’ll look tomorrow.’
‘Promise me?’
‘Yes.’
‘I’ll remind you in case you get too involved in work.’

Maron moved into Jamie’s quarters. These were bigger and included a separate office, a formal dining area, and another reception room that served many functions. They lived in a section similar to Maron’s cabin, a large private living space, and a bedroom.

Jamie climbed in bed and pulled Maron close. ‘You and Jean were having a long heart to heart.’
‘She says I should go over the files referring to mother’s “accident”.’
‘I agree. Look at her work as well, she tells an interesting tale. You said when young, you desired to be an anthropologist, not a physicist.’
‘Once mum was dead, dad refused. I’m good at math.’
‘Better than just “good” Maron, you’re always modest.’
‘Unlike you.’
‘I got where I am by bluff. I’m a competent scientist, not an innovator.’
She nuzzled into him, and he stroked her hair.
‘I love you,’ she heard.
Their friendship started with Karten and their mutual lust in bed. He’d talk of marriage but had never said he loved her.
He waited for her reply, instead, she asked. ‘Why?’
‘Maron, the most beautiful woman on board, and the smartest, who else could Jamie Macdonald love?’
Maron saw from his expression, he wanted an answer.
Her heart thumped, and so did his. He hadn’t found those words easy, and she whispered. ‘I love you too.’
A sense of relief came from both of them.
‘When you are ready Maron, I’ll get every padre to marry us.’






Chapter 5


The six months to the start of the particle stream went slowly. Maron accepted an engagement ring made by a metallurgist. She’d read her mother’s many publications and notes, but not started on the reports of her death, telling Jean and Jamie she’d finished when she hadn’t. However, the information on the eleven hominid species in the Blue Sector was fascinating.
Maron neglected her usual studies with the excuse she wanted to assess her mother’s work. Everyone was interested as to new races they’d be observing. Renee, Carlos, and the others on the anthropological staff gave the crew lectures as to what they’d find on the other side of the stream.

Maron had another close friend in Renee, and grateful for her support and Jeans too. Her past life had been lacking in female friends, and she realised how Vindo filled so many necessary roles and wished him well. The women often met for a coffee or soft drink in the officer’s mess.
‘Five more days and we’ll party. Alcohol is allowed for the celebration before we start work again.’ Jean sipped her cola with distaste. ‘Jim and Jamie’s stocks of scotch will deplete even more.’
Renee was more cautious. ‘To be honest, I’m not looking forward to it. Any idea of how it affects us, Maron?’
‘Only in my imagination, I hope to get enough statistics to explain the anomalies my father and I found. I need extra information from the Blowery, so I can see what we missed.’
‘Thanks, Maron,’ said Renee, looking pale, ‘I needed to know that. Why didn’t it give out the information the first time?’
‘Wait, what do you mean missed, Maron?’ Jean was interested.
‘Most understand basic physics, and particle beams have been in use for years for diverse uses, such as cooking, tech, and medicine. A Particle Stream is a much larger particle beam, and if we add a large cone-shaped bubble to surround the ship, then we can travel faster than light. This huge ship would become part of the stream but safe contained in the Warp Dork. It’d have to travel faster than light speed to get us to Blue Sector in a reasonable time, but I think this travel also has a cumulative effect on the speed and I’m working on it. They asked my father to study the concept when The Blowery arrived because his original work was along similar lines. Dad proved her proposal could work. He earned a Nobel Prize for the stream work before mum left. I then worked out how, using many previous theories, to use this energy to move large objects between two agreed points many light-years apart…’
‘We don’t understand Maron,’ interjected Jean.
‘Ok, I’ll start again. You’ll figure it out.’
‘Don’t count on it,’ said Renee.
‘Early in the century they still believed in the possibility of wormhole travel. Perhaps a by-product of black holes, or folding space between two points, to shorten journey time.’ Both women nodded. ‘All proved impossible; lots of interesting math but no functional use. We can’t get a probe near a black hole to test the theory.
They believed the event horizon to be a state of nothing - the eye of a cyclone. Fascinating math, but of no practicable use for travelling in space. Also, as far as folding space is concerned, again speculation, we make progress but can’t prove it. How to pull the two points together? I wanted to have a go at it, but Dad was obsessed with his Particle Stream Travel. It was up to me to work out how we go through this stream without being blasted out of existence. The only way to overcome this is to move at tremendous speeds, so the particles pass through us without harm. If we come up with the speed required there’s another problem, the integrity of the ship must be maintained, hence the warp bubble?’
‘What is odd, dad and I came to the same conclusion. You should be able to start the stream anywhere and in any direction, you choose, to any chosen exit you wish. Although the initial tries might be hit and miss until you triangulated…’
Maron was now aware of the terrified looks on the faces of her friends. ‘Oh, I’m sorry. There’s no need to worry. The Blowery took the earlier Explorer through the stream safely and then back to Earth. It knocked relativity on the head, it was so perfect; but by our science, it was impossible. The ship’s computers couldn’t register what happened, it was beyond its understanding. Blue Sector is thirty light-years from Earth, so the speeds we travelled to get there we believed impossible, but the Blowery reassured us and thinking about it now, I can’t believe Fleet believed her. We got sound and odd piecemeal-unrelated data but not enough to explain the phenomena. I can understand the Particle Stream and the Warp bubble, but I’m still working on the math for the almost instantaneous travel of thirty light-years…’
‘Hang on,’ replied Jean, realising what Maron told them earlier. ‘You both came up with the same theory? Maron how old were you?’
‘Fifteen.’
‘My God!’ Renee was shocked.
‘We do our best work when young, dad knew that, and that’s why he needed my help.’
‘You poor bloody kid,’ declared Jean.
‘It’s ok. No one suspected I did the math too. My father tried to tell them, and he wouldn’t let them publish without my name. I got my Doctorate after he blew his top. He had a shocking temper. He looked after me; he was proud of my progress.’ Maron insisted. ‘A panel of physicists interrogated me to see if I could do the work, and they acknowledged me.’
‘You must miss him,’ said Renee, near tears.
‘Right now very much. We were both coming on the trip, but then he declined the medical and I was to come alone. I was so excited. I didn’t realise how ill he was until it was too late. He refused treatment until they couldn’t save him. I think he wished to die, losing mum, finishing his greatest work, and finally me leaving too.  He wanted me to go, so pretended he was fine when he wasn’t.’
‘At least you said goodbye to him, unlike your mother,’ suggested Jean.
‘When he died, I felt a sense of both relief and loss. I’m so guilty regarding it. And mum too, I can’t believe she’s dead. I keep going over different scenarios. I still have hope and I shouldn’t.’ Maron’s eyes were wet.
‘Jean’s right, you didn’t have much of a childhood. Your father pressured you both to achieve.’
‘After mum’s death, he was determined to succeed to help him forget. He pushed me at Karten too. He wasn’t happy until I beat him, and when I did, he was cross with me.’ Maron laughed at the memory.
‘My pop was tough on us too,’ admitted Renee, ‘he made sure we succeeded in school, but at least I had a sister and mum. Dad took us camping, and we’d have friends along too.’
‘We were too busy to go camping.’
‘I bet you were. Despite everything you’ve ended up very sensible and nicely balanced, hasn’t she Jean?’
‘Well, in most respects except one, and on cue here he comes,’ said Jean with a smile.

Maron turned to see Jamie walking in their direction. Even after six months, her senses quickened as she watched his purposeful stride, and she gave the smile she reserved only for him.

The last night in the emptiness beyond their solar system, they ate alone. Everyone else was busy sending messages to loved ones.
‘Jamie?’
‘Yes, my love?’
‘Let’s get married. We could do it now. Li Peng said we could call him any time. It’s late, but he won’t mind.’
‘You mean it, don’t you? He’ll come, I doubt anyone will sleep tonight.’
The intercom buzzed, it was Don. ‘I’m sorry Jamie, a message is flashing on the screen. The Blowery wants to see Maron again.’
‘Damn, what a moment to pick,’ he turned to Maron. ‘Ok Don, be with you soon.’
‘It’s fine Jamie, we have lots of time.’ Maron dreaded her next meeting with the alien. ‘I’d better change my clothes, won’t be long.’

Jamie walked with her to the dock. Jean, Siobhan and the same police officers waited.
‘Well sweetie, you know the drill,’ said Jean, ‘I must examine you first.’
‘I hate the suit, and worse the heavy atmosphere.’
‘I’ve something to steady your nerves.’

Jamie looked concerned. The shot gave her a quick feeling of euphoria for a moment before settling her.  When the helmet locked, she didn’t sense panic. She went through the hatches into the green environment and saw the lights from The Blowery’s alien body.

The creature was in her mind. A gentle, motherly concern was projected. The Blowery had to be female.
‘You have something to ask me, Maron, what you didn’t last time?’
‘Yes, how do you know that? Why wait these six months to stream, the particles are everywhere?’
‘Yes.’
‘Then why?’
‘Preparation, and relationships forged here, give strength.’
It had to be female. ‘But…’ Maron didn’t finish her sentence as if she’d blinked and missed an important point. ‘What?’ It confused her.
‘I offer you congratulations, Maron. I hope you and your handsome Captain Macdonald have a happy marriage, and many strong children.’
‘Do you have offspring?’ asked Maron, recovering.
‘Yes, it is a great joy to be a parent.’
‘Blowery, who do you, serve?’ she asked, remembering that very cryptic phrase it had used last time, it still preyed on her intellect.
‘You and anyone who needs help.’ She felt warmth, love, and then a gentle dismissal. ‘Go Maron, and tell everyone they will be safe tomorrow, and not to worry.’
‘But I want to ask you so many questions. Have we enough power so we’re not destroyed in the stream? I know how to open…’
‘Yes, you do Maron, but it’s not time yet, ask me again when you are settled.’
‘Settled?’
The Blowery vanished. Maron headed for the hatch. She’d coped easier this visit.

They removed her helmet.
‘Maron?’
‘She’s fine Captain, don’t fuss,’ said Jean. ‘How are you?’
‘Disorientated, but much better than last time.’
The female sergeant and Siobhan removed the suit. She sat while Jean examined her.
‘Your signs are erratic, let’s get you to sickbay. Siobhan, the hover-chair?’
‘I can walk,’ she stood up to prove it, but Jamie had to steady her.
‘Darling, you need the chair.’
Siobhan had it readied, and Jamie helped her into the seat.
‘I’m fine. I’ll be stronger shortly, won’t I Jean?’
‘Yes, as fit as a racehorse, but I expect you know that, Captain.’

‘What’s wrong Jean?’ asked Maron, when she’d persuaded Jamie to go and let her relax. ‘You have on your professional face.’
‘Nothing serious, different brain chemical readings to last time, I want to make sure they return to normal.’

Jamie came back to sickbay. ‘I can’t settle while Maron’s here. What’s wrong Jean?’
‘Jamie, you should leave her in peace to recover. She is fine; her brain chemical readings are elevated.’
‘Is that usual?’ Jamie held Maron’s hand.
‘The Blowery speaks into my mind, which must be the reason for it. She did the last visit too.’
‘The levels are higher.’
‘Perhaps I knew what to expect, and was more stressed?’
‘That might explain it, one more test, and if everything’s back to normal you can go.’
‘Jean, will you and Renee be my matron’s of honour? We were going to be married tonight; it’s too late now, but be prepared for it?’
‘What rotten timing the Blowery has; he doesn’t deserve you,’ she said, ignoring Jamie’s presence.
‘I know,’ said Jamie, and they smiled. ‘The marriage can wait until we are through the stream, another celebration.’

An exhausted Maron slept in Jamie’s arms. He couldn’t sleep. Maron gave him and Don a brief report of the meeting with the Blowery, and to be honest it made little sense. Why six months to get to know each other? And why explain more when they were “settled”? Maron said she felt uneasy and she couldn’t say why. He could stop this, take them back to Earth; his reputation ruined and career over, but that didn’t matter now he had Maron. However, she was so excited over the upcoming stream, he’d lose her if they didn’t go through with it. The last trip had gone well. Only Maron’s mom was lost, and not in the stream itself.
Poor Maron, she’d loved her mother. Besides, stark staring mad, David Young forced her to grow up too early. He’d treasure her; make everything up to her. In the morning, before they left, he’d tell his matriarch he was marrying the most wonderful woman that had ever walked the Earth. Jamie smiled; his mom might be inclined to think him crazy if he described her that way, he didn’t care. He looked at her, and his heart hurt with the intense feelings of love.







Chapter 6


The next morning they readied at their posts long before the time for launch. Those off-duty found areas with windows, real or artificial. They hoped to see the journey through the stream. Maron was the only person on board who specialised in her field of expertise. That worried Jamie; most disciplines had more than one scientist present. So why just Maron for her important speciality? The other physicists may have understood Maron’s work, but she saw further.

The hours to the appointed Earth time of midday ticked by. Maron, once more on the bridge, thought how ridiculous when in the depths of space they still used Earth time. In the last one hundred and ten years since man first stepped on the moon, they’d made slow progress. Maron understood they could have forced greater steps forward if the peoples on Earth pulled together, instead of arguing and fighting.  Now necessity drove them. Those scientific warnings world leaders ignored finally bore fruit. Their planet was dying, past preserving. They had to find another home. Why they’d formed Fleet, the affluent countries poured monies into its advancement. It was a race against time, and Explorer 2 and its predecessor were important to salvaging Earth by removing humankind.
It started twenty years ago when they put a lab on the moon, but a small meteorite struck and they pulled out. Fleet was still controlled by greed, not science, mused Maron. They could get to the planets in their solar system but always looked for something they could use to their advantage. How did brave young men and women labour on the mining asteroid Askari for three years, with all the dangers it entailed? It was full of valuable ore, but that’s what humans thought of first. True, after their stint, they’d never need to work again, but it was dangerous and mortalities were high.

‘Dr Young, do you want a coffee?’ asked Jamie’s steward, interrupting her thoughts.
‘Thanks, I was miles away. Time is dragging, Carson.’
‘Yes. I wondered… I’m worried. What if we can’t get back?’
‘We will; Explorer 1 did. Imagine at the other end of the stream are eleven planets populated with people similar to us.’
‘I do, and that’s why I volunteered, but I’m shaking. I hope my girlfriend waits for another two-and-a-half-years; because I won’t know if she’s ditched me.’
‘If she has any sense she’ll wait, and from the photo, you showed me, she has a sweet face and a nice smile, a kind girl.’
‘You are always sympathetic Dr Young.’
Someone had to be, for Jamie was an exacting master and he shouted. ‘Carson, coffee!’
Maron winked at the steward.

Everyone was nervous—only twenty minutes to go. A message flashed onto the screen, the Blowery. The dialogue was reassuring, insisting they were safe. But Maron listened to different messages in her head.
Hello Maron, the Blowery said, are you ready?
Yes.
In less than an hour, you will circle a sun light-years away from your home, and this time you find more useful data. Your new computers are smarter than those of the earlier Explorer. Tell Jamie, the ship vibrates while my vessel builds enough energy to pull you through to completion.

‘Captain, the Blowery’s ship has left Explorer. It’s no longer touching us and is spinning.’ An officer shouted.
‘Maron?’ asked Jamie.
‘I can see it on the monitor. She says everything is fine.’
The Blowery’s’ ship spun so quick it was inconceivable. Yes Maron, only moments to the surge.

The ship’s screen went blank, but the Blowery still talked in Maron’s head. ‘Captain, prepare to enter the stream,’ she declared.
It was ten minutes early and confused everyone.
Their spacecraft moved fast, powered by The Blowery’s now invisible ship. They came to a sudden stop. It was black outside, then lights flickered and arced across the hull. They intensified until the vessel glowed and sparked.
‘Now captain!’ Maron yelled.

Ahead, the blackness gave way to brightness as if they fell into a sun. Everyone had watched this on the early Explorer flight, but after the initial part, the data became incoherent. It was sickeningly sudden, and then they travelled at unknown speed along a bright blue corridor with different coloured arcs, and emissions of light behind them as they ploughed through the rays. Their instruments couldn’t register, it was off the scale. Maron imagined she’d entered her experiments. She was perspiring as if fighting Karten and forgot to breathe. Relax Maron, my dear, she heard in her mind. I promise you will find peace.

It was a ride in an amusement park. Although no-one had motion sickness, his or her adrenalin levels pumped. The thirty minutes was over in a flash and everyone felt sick as they popped out into real space.

Then Maron screamed out. ‘Jamie, she’s left.’
‘Maron?’ He was at her side in seconds. ‘Do you mean The Blowery?’ Even Mr Ice sounded troubled.
‘Yes. Her ship’s disappeared.’
‘Find it.’ He yelled at the bridge crew.
‘Nothing, Sir.’ Don jumped from terminal to terminal. ‘There’s nobody else here but us.’
‘Maron, this didn’t take place last time did it?’
She shook her head. She’d never seen Jamie so concerned. ‘No, she never left them.’ Maron was anxious the Blowery had gone.
‘Don, reassure the rest of the ship we knew this might take place and get the heads to a meeting in my bridge office, NOW! Maron you too.’







Chapter 7


Maron, Don, and Jamie locked themselves in the inner office while the Department Heads gathered in the larger conference room. They heard raised voices outside the door.
‘Now what?’ Jamie paced, but Maron sat. Her legs shook. ‘What the hell do we tell everyone? The Blowery’s gone, and if she doesn’t come back we are on the other side of the galaxy with no way getting home?’ Jamie understood his earlier misgivings were correct.
‘Maybe she will?’ Don looked at Maron for that confirmation.
‘I’m not sure,’ she shook her head. ‘I’m trying to remember what she said to me last night. I repeated everything I remembered to you, but there was something else.’
‘What?’ Jamie clutched at straws.
‘More an emotion, I sensed the Blowery cared for me and everyone here, sad too. Jamie can you get Jean, I have an idea.’

Don opened the door and yelled above the noise for Jean. Jim followed her. ‘Jamie, you’re not keeping me outside,’ his eyes flashed. ‘What the hell 
happened, where did The Blowery’s ship go?’
‘Shut up, Jim. Let Maron talk to Jean.’

Jean sat next to Maron and the two women held hands. ‘I had a moment with the Blowery when she said something I wasn’t to recall at the time.’
Her friend understood what she suggested. ‘Jim love, contact Ravi will you and ask him to bring his stuff?’
‘The psychologist?’ asked Jamie.
‘He’s a hypnotherapist too,’ explained Jean.
‘Maron?’
‘It’s fine, and I can’t offer you much else. I’m convinced the Blowery doesn’t want to harm us.’
‘You keep calling it her?’ said Jean.
‘Yes, she is a female.’ Maron looked at the others. ‘Jean knows what I mean. Women often stick together, and if we’ve friends from diverse races and religions, we understand each other, things unsaid and yet understood between us, subliminal.’

Jean explained it further. ‘Maron’s right. In nurturing and similar-minded women, we recognise something in each other. Occasionally there are those who “smell” strange and don’t make allies with others. It starts early in childhood and they have trouble with later relationships. Maron and I leave much unsaid and still communicate as if we had spoken. And you sense the Blowery told you another story, is that what you believe?’
‘Yes.’

Ravi Ramilashava came in, Maron knew his wife Pushpa too, she was a gynaecologist.
‘What’s happening? The ship is in a panic.’
‘We’re not sure Ravi,’ said Jean.
‘Ravi, I need you to hypnotise me and ask what the Blowery said, at least what I can’t remember.’
‘I can try. Are you susceptible?’
‘No idea, just hope I am, and that I have answers in my head.’
‘I find it easier to use drugs for a better effect, is that ok Maron?’
‘Yes.’
‘Jean.’ She opened his case. ‘10cc Ralacyn, please. There are too many here…’
‘Don, Jim leave,’ barked Jamie, ‘keep everyone calm. Send Carson for whisky, wine, whatever. I’m not going anywhere Dr Ramilashava. This is my fiancé and my ship,’ he frowned, knowing both depended on each other.
Jean gave Maron the drug.
‘If you insist on staying Captain,’ said Ravi. His voice primed to put her to sleep, ‘then stop pacing, sit and keep calm, while I try this.’
‘Jean,’ Maron sounded nervous, ‘don’t let go of my hand while I’m under please.’ Jean nodded after Ravi did.
‘Sit there, put your head back, and relax,’ Maron did as instructed. ‘Listen to my voice and watch this gyro spin.’ He waited. ‘Maron, can you hear me?’
‘Yes.’
‘How are you?’
‘Heavy.’
‘That’s fine. Maron, do you recall the last time you visited the Blowery?’
‘Yes.’
‘There is something she said you can’t remember.’
‘Yes.’
‘Tell me what that was?’

Maron concentrated a moment and then smiled. ‘A lovely musical voice spoke to me.’ Maron’s register changed, it wasn’t her voice.
‘You are such a beautiful girl, you look like your mother, but you are as every bit as studious as your aunt Lucessa, always so serious. Maron, you are very important to your family. Your children will be strong, clever, and kind, as you are. You need this and other attributes, as you must aid Jamie to keep everyone together. Maron dear, I won’t be returning this Explorer to your planet.’
Maron frowned and looked scared.
‘I’ve made a home for you here, it’s been ready for a while. You’ve neighbours who can assist, but tread with care. Your new planet is colder than Earth, and so I’ve settled you near the equator. I chose a pleasant region. In five months, there will be an enormous solar flare, which changed the course of an asteroid. Before this flare, it would have skirted the edge of your system. Now it will hit Earth, destroying most life. A few will survive and start again, these survivors may do well, and your home planet perhaps will cleanse its earlier mistakes, I’ll help them. The three thousand humans here are a gesture to your Earth’s rebirth. I brought other people here to this sector too. People from similar planets, doomed to an early demise. I’m not allowed to alter the future, but by saving the finest of you I am doing what I can… I’ll be back, Maron. It’s for love, remember that.’

‘What?’ said Maron in her voice.
‘Maron, wake up,’ Ravi shouted.
Her eyes opened. ‘What happened?’
‘We’re not sure,’ answered Jean. She was white-faced, her healthy pink colour drained away, and she looked older than her thirty-six years.
‘Tell me please,’ begged Maron.

Jamie played it back. They studied Maron, as she listened to The Blowery’s lovely voice. Then silence, no-one spoke.

Ravi broke it. ‘It can’t be, my brother and his family… Pushpa’s parents, and her sister too.’
Jamie too grieved for his parent and younger sister and her children. They’d never been that close, and he had avoided his demanding mother whenever he could. She understood his character. He still loved her; she hadn’t always been difficult.

Maron thought of Vindo and how she’d ill-treated him, and yet cared for him more than she’d realised. His family had taken her in and made her part of them. Her reclusive father had spared her more pain by keeping her isolated, ironic.
She still clutched Jean’s hand. She let go and went to Jamie. They hugged each other. In a daze, Jean gave out large scotches from Carson’s delivery.
‘I don’t envy you, Jamie,’ declared Jean with a sniff. ‘Having to relay this to the crew.’
‘If this is genuine?’ he mused. ‘Then, they’ve given us another chance, but those we love will be gone and our once glorious home planet too.’
‘The Blowery’s Ark,’ said Maron, listening to the strong steady beat of Jamie’s heart. ‘Do you think it’s true?’
‘Do you?’ he asked.
Maron nodded. ‘Yes, I do.’

Don came. ‘We’ve got to tell them something; everyone knows the Blowery has gone.’
‘Yes,’ Jamie agreed.
‘Is it that bad?’ asked Don, looking at the surrounding faces.
‘Oh yes,’ replied Jean, ‘it is.’

Jamie played the recording for Don.
‘Christ no,’ Don said, running his fingers through his immaculate hair. ‘If we knew what was happening, we wouldn’t leave.’
A muscle twitched above Jamie’s eye. ‘No, we’d attempt to help save as many as we could, but then what? What about food and other supplies, there’s not much in our solar system to live off, is there?’
Don agreed. ‘You’re right even if we had saved more; we had nowhere to go.’
‘Those left will be in ships Don,’ suggested Jean. ‘And the miners on Askari?’
‘Yes,’ agreed Jamie, ‘Maron, maybe your Blowery has gone to help them.’
‘I hope so.’

They were silent, struggling with what was soon to happen on their once glorious planet.
‘She sounds human-like,’ suggested Jean. ‘Didn’t she say Maron was beautiful, like her people - Maron’s family? So she wasn’t that yellow blob? Let’s stay calm. It’s not the end for all of us and we must make sure of that.’
‘I hope the next time she comes, it is as herself, and she tells me who she is and why I am family. Jamie, we have to tell everyone the truth,’ insisted Maron.
‘Yes, we do. Ravi your department will be busy.’
‘Understood, Captain.’
‘Don, you are a logistics officer.’
‘Sir!’
‘Maron, can you get us back again?’
‘No, not at present; there are years of work ahead to design what I call an ignition like the Blowery’s gyro. Too late for our Earth, we may return one day, but not yet.’
‘Yes, Maron. Are we ready to move outside?’

Jean tried to brush away tears and Ravi was stunned. ‘We play this recording to the Department Heads, and then decide what to tell the crew. Jean, we’ll meet with your people first; include the veterinary department too?’
‘Yes.’

Jamie stood tall and taking hold of Maron’s hand, they walked through the door opened by Don. The buzzing stopped. Everyone looked at them.
‘Thank you for attending ladies and gentlemen,’ everyone’s eyes were on Jamie waiting for his next comments.

Maron felt strange: as if The Blowery’s assurances had given her new confidence to be herself. She’d wanted that opportunity and now she had it. She shuddered; the cost of her freedom was too high to pay.
One said what everyone wondered. ‘Is it true the Blowery’s gone?’
Rumbling voices again.

This time Maron spoke before Jamie.
‘We have a copy of my last meeting with the Blowery, hypnosis extracted this information, but what you are to hear is the truth. Please listen.’ It wasn’t the old Maron, once she preferred to stay in the background.

Don asked the terminal to play the file again. They realised it wasn’t Maron speaking, and listened. Maron noticed the unusual accent in the Blowery’s musical voice. When it finished, the heavy silence changed to the inevitable questions.
The main query was, ‘What does it mean?’

Maron found her voice. ‘It means you in this room are at the top of your respective fields and can figure out what I said.’ Maron explained using her Kartan voice method. ‘I consider it’s the truth, but it’s up to you to accept it.’

Jamie took over. ‘Maron’s right. There is overwhelming grief over those we left, although we are rescued from a terrible event. Maron called this the Blowery’s Ark. Think about that, and of those diverse animals in the extra holds, did any of us ask why? We will grieve for the family and friends we’ve left so far away. Pray to whatever gods or god we believe in, that our loved ones on Earth may survive. We’ll find our way into the Particle Stream, return and work out what happened. For now, this is our new home.
Today, Maron will become my wife,’ he squeezed her hand. ‘The end of the old ways and the beginning of the new. Also, this day I choose to commit to Maron and she to me. You are the leaders, and those in your care are as frightened as us. So please go back to your departments and organise people to listen to the official announcement. At 1800 hours in this room, Li Po will officiate at our marriage; afterwards, no party, but a meeting to work out what we should do next. I’ll see you at the wedding. Dismissed.’

No one moved for a moment, Don ushered them out until only they were left.
Jamie sank into the nearest chair. ‘Tell me I’m dreaming. I’m sorry Maron I didn’t check with you about the wedding.’
‘No need Jamie.’
Don offered to top up their glasses.
‘No, not yet, afterwards; can anyone make whisky?’
‘It’ll be in data, said Maron, ‘but it will take years until it tastes like this.’







Chapter 8


Jamie gave several short but crucial meetings, so everyone could attend. It wasn’t easy for anyone. Many cried and a few threw up. When Maron returned to her old cabin, she shook with emotional exhaustion.

Her door buzzed, it was Renee. ‘Are Jean and I still bridesmaids?’
‘I hope so.  How are you, and Carlos?’
‘He’s far worse; he’s from a large family. I’ve only a senile great aunt left and thankfully she won’t know what hit her. Jean’s frantic. She sent me to help you. What are you wearing?’
‘I’ve got a white dress, it’s hanging up there, nothing special. I’ll try to sleep for an hour and then shower and get dressed.’
‘Jean and I will pick you up half an hour before the ceremony.’
‘How’s Jean?’
‘Busy, that’s how she copes. This is the wedding anniversary no one will forget – no, that sounds wrong. It is a wonderful idea, a start instead of an ending. We must be grateful we are here and not on Earth, we have to keep telling ourselves that.’

The bridesmaids turned up with champagne, they’d tried to look similar with their clothes; both wore long garments in like styles and colour.
‘We thought maroon for Maron,’ said Jean. ‘The truth is these were the only similar outfits we have. You’d think a redhead and blonde would wear the same colours?’

Renee was hiding something behind her back, and she brought it out in triumph.
‘Oh Renee, how stunning, how did you make it?’ It was a tiara made of live white flowers.
‘I can’t take the credit, it was young Cally in hydroponics, she worked as a florist for a few years. She cried while she made it. She’ll watch the ceremony on the viewer and weep again. She was still weeping when I left her.’
Renee helped Maron put on the headdress and then relaxed to enjoy her champagne. 
‘Mustn’t waste this, we won’t be getting more.’

Jean was on her second glass. ‘The entire ship is sobbing, or retching, or walking around with blank looks. Others are seeking to forget by working, and the hardest to manage are those who refuse to believe it. I’m having trouble too. We haven’t had anyone attempting suicide, but we’ve had several overdoses of the happier kind. It’s mild stuff, so I’m not too worried. It’s hard to stamp out the budding chemists in the crew.’

They couldn’t say much, but the champagne lifted their spirits and gave their pale cheeks colour.
‘God, Maron, it’s five to,’ remarked Jean jumping up, ‘come on, or Jamie will think you’ve changed your mind. No, Jamie Macdonald wouldn’t imagine that.’
‘Jean!’ Renee responded.
‘Sorry, to be honest, he’s not as awful as I used to believe.’
‘Well we are making progress,’ said Maron sounding more her old self.

They held the ceremony in the conference room with the ship’s hierarchy and close friends present. The rest of the ship watched on screen. Outside the door were the usual security guards and an anxious-looking Don. The bridesmaids adjusted Maron’s headdress, and as she entered on Don’s arm, the computer played here comes the bride. Maron only saw Jamie standing in his smart dress uniform. I love you, Jamie Macdonald, she whispered to herself.

The wedding ceremony wasn’t Buddhist, it used similar words to the other creeds to join people committed to marriage. The once different ceremonies had evolved into the same layout, no matter the religion.
At last, Li Po said. “Kiss the bride”, and everyone cheered.

The room was small and crowded, so Don organised the convention in the Officer’s Mess.
As she left, Maron tossed her headdress, one of the married officers caught it and laughing threw it again.
Jamie had her arm around his bride as they walked to the meeting. This was not the “by the book” Jamie Macdonald they remembered.

He addressed the meeting. ‘It’s sinking in what took place today. I am grieving for Earth and my family and friends as if it has taken place. I suppose in actual terms it has. Another fascinating point of Stream Travel is that the usual laws of physics and nature no longer exist. That alone makes us catch our breath in wonder, and imagine future possibilities, travelling to the stars, as we’d once only dream of in science fiction. My wife Maron says we will find our way back, but this may take years to perfect, first as a finished concept and then a miniature experiment. Then further time to expand a stream large enough to transport a ship. Commander Arbois and I have been considering our options. Don, please explain.’

Don stepped forward. ‘One, we set up a base on the planet the Blowery says she’s prepared for us. Next, we should carry on with the anthropological survey and revisit the two space capable races, re-establish dialogue and trade. Questions so far?’
‘How much power does this ship have left,’ it was the catering manager. From the expressions on his staff’s faces, he’d been asked to mention it.
‘Many years in spaceflight, as the batteries constantly recharge,’ answered Jim. ‘As you know more energy is produced by the action of the engine travelling through space and then re-used. If we land explorer that will cease, and eventually we’ll lose that power, unless we have an ignition to restart them as they do in space dock, this is now a priority for all engineering, experimental staff and scientists.
Don continued. ‘Our surveys should not take more than eighteen months. We can then land the ship for an alternative fuel source, or leave it in orbit until we have to bring it to the surface. If we decide on the former, it could power a compact town for many years, but we need other long-term energy sources. We’ve six large shuttles capable of space travel in this sector, and we can make more using the materials from this ship.  We can ignite their batteries using Explorer at first, but we will need to find a long term method.’
‘What are the chances of hostile neighbours?’ Another common question.
The meeting was going along very professional lines. Jamie was relieved. Don continued the answers.
‘One world only is space capable; another has started but has a long way to catch up with us. The only aggression the first ship encountered is well documented, and they are primitive, unlikely to be a threat.’
‘Yes, but that planet was the richest in raw materials.’ The same officer insisted. ‘We may need to visit again.’
Maron dropped her head; a touch of Corp mentality had reared.
‘Yes, it’s possible,’ admitted Don.
‘And then what?’ asked the deep baritone of an African Male. ‘I for one want no Fleet or Corp greed here.’

A few claps started, at first hesitant and then grew louder. Were they challenging Jamie’s leadership? They mustn’t thought Maron; they need him.

‘May I speak,’ she said smiling. ‘I must point out that half the crew are women, and as you have noticed Corp is a masculine driven machine. The Blowery did not include any of the executives in this company. Fleet is Corp, but not here. You know these officers, have they ever spoken in terms of profit, or instead do they talk of science and exploration? This team is composed of scientists and engineers, and those who help us to live. So if men believe women want the old Fleet/Corp ideas here, you are mistaken.’

Renee, Jean, and the other women got up from their seats and clapped. Jamie had a wide smile and kissed his wife. By that very human move, he showed himself as an individual, not a Fleet puppet. Thanks to Maron’s quick thinking, the initial leadership threat wasn’t established. Jamie understood Maron was more than a beautiful and intelligent woman, she was showing excellent management skills, and it surprised him. She had shown no earlier inclination to get involved in the ship’s politics. However, she hadn’t finished yet.
She was pink with embarrassment but determined to speak.
‘Jean, I call for my contra device to be removed. We need children if we are to make a new home for ourselves,’ she paused as the Blowery caressed her mind. ‘I realise most of you made the choice not to have offspring because you had to put your jobs first.  No longer is there any reason to discourage us from having babies. We have a second chance to decide and still have careers. I for one don’t wish our colony fizzles out in a few generations because we didn’t change the ideas we brought from Earth. We’ve seen natural creation vanish; our once good farmlands turn to dust or covered in salt or water. Entire mountains eroded by stupid mining methods. More rain than sunlight and when it shines, the sun harms our bodies. We eat food from packets, and we don’t know what. I for one don’t believe we should copy our planet’s failures in our new home.
The Blowery told me our neighbours come from other Earths. Did we listen carefully to what she said? “Other Earths”.  What does that mean? Did those other Earth’s have humanlike faults too? Have any overcome them?
We must live in accord with these peoples and our Earth has never been a place of peace.
This solar system is unique; impossible you might say. Fourteen orbs, with eleven inhabited by creatures similar to ourselves. It isn’t natural so many of those planets are suitable for human life. The Blowery has done this; allowed us a chance to start again and we must take it. My husband is a fine man, uncorrupted by what most realise is a sinister controlling power. Let’s ask him; Jamie Macdonald, will Fleet/Corp ideas exist here?’
‘No, not from me; if I was proud to call Maron mine before, I didn’t know her. Did any until this moment? The Blowery chose her, and now we know why. If you have anything left in your glasses, may I propose a toast to my wonderful wife?’







Chapter 9


The next day, a sombre mood replaced the euphoria of the wedding. Jamie and Maron were up early. Jamie for a meeting with Don and Maron went to sickbay to join the long lines of women queuing to get their contra devices removed.

‘If I hadn’t got tipsy last night, I’d have done it before you and Jamie went to bed.’
‘Oh no, a symbolic act on the table,’ Maron giggled. ‘Imagine, the bride stripped naked at the marriage feast while the brave Dr Jean… Ouch!’
‘Extracted,’ Jean threw the device into a dish. ‘That was a great wedding. I had to take my hangover cure – what a speech you made. Renee and I understand you well, and we’ve discussed the problems when children are banned on board. We doctors will be busy for a while. I’ve decided to be nice to Jamie. I must’ve missed something if he had the sense to fall in love with you. Keep me informed, Maron?’
‘Yes. We’re heading for the planet The Blowery allocated. It’s close and takes only two weeks to arrive. Jamie and Don are working out who goes to the planet and who stays on Explorer. The Blowery left me a map of the surface and stats on my console. It popped up on a notification an hour ago. Strange, I didn’t see it earlier. She’s been gone a while.’
‘She, as you insist, is an excellent organiser. Any idea what you and Jamie will do? Jim and I’ll go to the planet, that’s already been discussed.’
‘No decision yet.’
‘I’m worried about Amy, will Don Arbois stick by her now there’s no chance of daddies billions.’
‘Everyone likes her.’
‘Yes, she’s such a gentle quiet girl; not the flash spoilt brat you’d expect.’
‘I hope he doesn’t ditch her; it’d break her heart. Her face lights up with love when she looks at him.’
‘There’s been a few after him, I doubt they’ll stop chasing even if he does the right thing.’
‘Is that a warning for me too?’
‘No, not for you, it’s obvious Jamie only has eyes for you, but Don isn’t head over heels is he?’

Maron had a cup of coffee as she waited for Jamie and Don to conclude their meeting, but was asked to join them.
‘Maron we expected you, we kept you breakfast.’
‘I didn’t know you needed me, I’ve been waiting for you to finish.’
‘After that speech of yours, I don’t see why we shouldn’t change a few rules.’ Maron dished up her meal. ‘We’ve decided that Don will go to the surface, he’s the best logistics officer in Fleet.’
‘With Amy?’
Don smiled. ‘Yes, we’re getting married too. I’ve asked Jamie to do the honours.’
‘I’m glad, I like Amy.’
Don appeared happy.
‘Maron, I agree with Don, we won’t set off straight away. What’s wrong?’
‘Sheds. I’ve forwarded you both an interesting file from the Blowery’ she replied.
‘What?’
‘Big sheds Jamie, in a river valley up from the flood plain. The Blowery tells me to look for sheds.’
‘Hell!’ said Don, his smile vanished. ‘So it’s still here?’
‘No,’ said Maron, ‘She’s gone home for a while.’

Silence. Don poured them another coffee.
Jamie broke the quiet. ‘Carlos and Renee are going over the earlier data, especially genetics. I’ve also sent them the Blowery’s information. It makes sense now, doesn’t it?’
‘It does,’ agreed Maron.
‘Don and I worked out we need to keep around a hundred and fifty aboard, strip the ship and get what we can on world.’
‘Yes, and just in case someone starts a power struggle to ruin our saviour’s plans.’ said Maron astutely. ‘We had a psych test, but most people avoid telling the truth. You and Don must agree on everything in public, even if you disagree in private, or the entire thing will fall apart into anarchy.’
‘Maron, you’d do well in Fleet. Don and I are skirting around the human tendency for destructive politics, and you come in and tell it as it is.’
‘I’m not Fleet, and someone must mention it. There are troublemakers here; people talk to me when they wouldn’t dream of coming to see you. I suggest you keep  a few on board and send the rest down to split them up until we’ve sorted everything out.’
‘Fine, then help Don with the lists.’

Don excused himself as if allowing them time to discuss his character.
‘So Mrs Macdonald, how does Don fit in your scheme?’
‘He’d never betray you; unless you go crazy.’
‘What are we doing here, my dear Maron?’
‘It’s obvious, the Blowery rescues people, humans and others from worlds that are dying. I’m not the only one to notice these planets here are earth-formed for want of a better word.’
‘Maron, you are smart and beautiful, but I still underestimated you.’

It took Maron and Don three days to complete who’d continue on the ship and who’d go to the surface. Maron agreed Jean and Jim were needed on the ground to help Don, but Renee and Carlos would stay on board.

Maron and Don interviewed the personnel they suggested remain aboard. In a week, they’d drawn up the last list. Maron was aware The Blowery communicated with her. She no longer thought of her as a bright yellow blob but saw her as human.  She was a beautiful guardian. It was the closest thing she could relate to the real person. Her angel wanted her to be secure as if soft motherly arms held her. The grief over her old world lessened. However, if she remembered how many were to die on Earth she became upset. As for Vindo and his lovely family, she suffered guilt.

The planet the Blowery designated was now a week away. Hope, fear, she could sense the whole gambit of emotions throughout the ship. Maron wasn’t the only one exhausted. Now, Mrs Jamie Macdonald, she was an earpiece to the Captain, by many who wouldn’t dream of approaching him.

She joined Jean for a coffee. ‘You look tired, Maron.’
‘I am, everyone wants to talk to me.’
‘You should join Ravi’s counselling staff.’
‘No thanks. I’m a physicist, not a grief councillor.’
‘Now you are the wife to the officer in charge it goes with the job, the woman behind the man.’
‘I’ll miss you when we take off on our first reconnaissance, thankfully I’ll still have Renee to help keep me sane.’
‘I hear there’s a screen show soon, including the Blowery’s information with our own.’
‘Yes.’
Silence.

‘I’m scared Maron, everybody is, but you’re not.’ She had said it.
‘No, I’m not, odd isn’t it. We’ll do well if everyone pulls hard, more than just survive. I hope I get pregnant. That’s strange too, I never considered having children before, and now I look forward to it.’
‘I wondered why we had so many gynae-trained medical staff and four paediatric doctors. Pushpa’s group will be busy. I didn’t question it, which is peculiar.’

It surprised Maron to see Jamie setting out a spread on the table in their quarters.
‘Sorry, no more lobster, we need the ones left for breeding; same with the chickens, but we have eggs and fresh salad from hydroponics.’
‘It can wait. I want something else first.’

Their new home was a sphere larger than Earth. A quarter covered in ice and the caps fluctuated according to the seasons. Around the equator, the weather was perfect, with plenty of water and vegetation. They wouldn’t waste precious power on heating or cooling. The scan the Blowery left circumnavigated this world; they had close-ups of the sheds she’d mentioned.
Thank you, Blowery; Maron gave a silent prayer to what was a friend.

Jamie and Don prepared the teams to start living on the planet.

The sheds were a boon; simple structures made of familiar concrete and steel. It took two months of arduous work to get the settlement established. The trip traumatised many of the animals, but they improved once on terra firma and safe areas already made for the many species. It looked similar to Earth. No large predators; the largest mammal the size of a small dog. Fauna wasn’t dissimilar to their original planet, and vigorous working birds and insects added to the equilibrium. Establishing Earth fauna on a new world with its own life would mean difficult, careful work for the zoologists and veterinarians.

Everyone worked well together for now; any problems between Fleet and non-Fleet personnel would show up once Explorer 2 had left. Don prepared for the expected dissension.







Chapter 10


Everything and everyone required was on world. It was time to call on their neighbours. Maron felt confused, she’d prefer to stay on the planet, in the fresh air. The ship was empty now as if inhabited by ghosts, and Maron was uneasy.

The first world was Salume, an advanced space capable planet. They needed to make friends. They read the earlier data on the sphere. Socially backwards compared to their world, a male-dominated society where women were possessions. Renee and Maron discussed this at length and decided they’d go too. As Salume was important, they planned with care. Maron agreed with Renee, they’d not get involved in discussions, but stay in the background and listen.

Maron was pregnant. She wasn’t the only one. Amy, now Mrs Arbois, was too, and they’d become close friends, even if at a distance now. Amy, once a rich heiress, was sensible and funny when you knew her. Her plain face and awkward body disappeared when you saw the women inside, as Don had.
Goodbyes were hard. Watching New Earth disappear made Maron sad, and she prayed to the Blowery again, asking her to keep them safe. No reply, but it helped, this faith in an unknown saviour.

Travel time to Salume was six weeks. Maron decided that if she read any more reports on the planet, she’d scream and Renee wasn’t impressed either. There were five other pregnant women on board and twenty on world. Including Jean, who struggled, the opposite of Maron who sailed through her pregnancy.

Maron still worked on her stream theory, attempting to work out how gyroscopic power gave the extra boast enabling entry into the Particle Stream. However, something was missing. Why did her early work suggest she was right? Because it confirmed her idea, but not how to use it.

In frustration, she turned to anthropology again and re-read the files from the first voyage. Then she realised, they were related, taking they were at different stages of development, histories, names, languages had more than coincidental resemblances. Many reports had comparable outcomes, but no-one made those conclusions public. Here in deep space where eleven planets of distinct races showing not just genetic similarities but linguistic and historic parallels, religious ones too, how and why? Maron was afraid to admit to what it showed. Are those so-called cranky new religions saying men from the stars placed us on Earth, not mad? How did they receive the information?

She looked for her husband and found him in the bridge office.
‘Maron? You are white. I’ll get you a nutra-drink.’
‘I’ve been studying the original data; it asks more questions than it answers and Fleet weren’t happy to search further were they?’
They knew the men of Fleet hated novel ideas.
She put her head back on the chair and accepted the glass. ‘I’ve studied the inputs from the first stream ride again, but something isn’t tallying; I’ve run it by the other scientists too and they agree, it makes little sense.’
‘Ok, I’m listening, it’s not the first occasion we’ve discussed it.’

‘It’s not just physics. For each one of the eleven worlds to contain people nearly identical to ourselves is terrifying. However, even more frightening, I have researched languages, histories, myths, religions and established common threads. As if something forced them into a standard evolutionary pattern.’
Jamie didn’t reply but looked interested.
‘I never explored my language capabilities, dad again. As I dug deeper, I discovered more similarities using a sound tool. I did the same with other sciences. The experts on the first Explorer knew, but they were held back from making those opinions on the official data.’
‘Have you discussed this with Renee and Carlos?’
‘Yes, they agree with my conclusions.  Fleet conspiracy? Those who say we are lab rats aren’t far off either. How many so-called cranks had the same crazy ideas?’
‘Are you searching for answers to fit your notions.’
‘Jamie, I am not a moonstruck fool; I’m a scientist. It’s true, I use my instinct and logic too, but that’s what takes me further than most other scientists who don’t search outside their square.’
‘Modesty darling!’ He smiled.
‘Sorry for my lack of modesty. But, it’s disturbing we are an experiment. Long before we came here to be another science project.’
‘You’re serious aren’t you, it’s not the pregnancy talking?’
‘It’s The Blowery, I’ve had this feeling I can’t define. I know she cares for us, she carried us here so we are saved.’
‘Yes…’ Jamie looked puzzled.
‘SHE brought us here, there’s no gyro engine, and the stream doesn’t occur in specific places, it’s all a ploy to draw us here. There’s no way back through any stream. Anything larger than the minute ones we already reproduce can’t exist with our technology. Best use for the idea at present is a communication device. There is a way to move between two points in distant space, as the Blowery showed.  However, I don’t have a clue how, and I’m not wasting any more of my life working on a sham. I’ve wasted enough. Maybe she put the notion in my dad’s head and mine to bring us here. It wasn’t until The Blowery appeared that he started researching his stream idea as a space travel theory. How’s that for coincidence?’ Maron was angry and hurt. ‘We are stuck here.’ Jamie went pale.
‘It’s a fabrication. When a girl I had another idea too. Intra-travel I call it, moving between different multiverses. My dad called it science fiction, but my gut said differently. I haven’t worked on it since I was fourteen and I’d need to start from scratch. Then our children might get back … one day…’ Maron burst into tears. Then silence.
‘Have you told anyone else?’
‘No, not Jean or Renee; they hope I’ll find a way of opening up the stream and search for survivors in ships floating in space, on Earth or Askari.’
‘How long have you known Maron?’
‘Always, that’s why I resented my father so much, obsessed with his particle stream idea. I’m not saying a stream can’t exist in a larger form than we found, as people have imagined for centuries.  I’m suggesting there are easier ways to travel in space and time.’ She wiped her eyes with her cuff. ‘I’ve still got you and this,’ she rubbed her stomach. ‘Have I hurt you, Jamie? Telling myself and you the truth helped me, but you look devastated.’
‘I believe you; we have to keep it to ourselves.’

He took her to their quarters and put her in bed, and she was soon asleep. As he watched her sleep, his mind was in turmoil, he needed rest, but he couldn’t. Searching his wife’s perfect face, wondering if anything was true. Was she, was he, and was the baby, this trip? A few moments of insanity and he recovered. He’d believed she’d find a way home, The Blowery led them to suppose that too. If Maron didn’t accept stream travel then either did he, she was his far too intelligent wife. He pushed away from the madness again. Maron was a woman to fulfil any man’s dreams, beautiful, clever, strong, a warrior. She loved him and gave him the strength to be a moral leader. I’m going crazy, he reflected. Jamie Macdonald, Mr Ice, is going mad. Stop! Go and finish those reports.

He recovered from his few moments of insanity and thought through what she’d told him. He found her research and conclusions on the database. It was impeccable; she was right, but should they tell anyone else, he doubted it. He missed Don and Jim; he could trust those two with any problem, Maron might believe the people aboard were individuals of intelligence, but Jamie knew they could behave irrationally. He’d seen it throughout his career. Hell, she was still a child because she’d never been one. How he loved her; his parent had always maintained when a man such as he fell in love they landed hard. Soon his mother could die, reality struck and a sense of losing control again. He went to their bedroom and got in beside Maron.
She woke as he held her. ‘I love you,’ she murmured.
‘I love you too.’







Chapter 11


Salume looked brown from orbit. It had seas, but most was land. Only the coastal areas appeared to be fertile and the interiors desert.

In this patriarchal society where women were “cherished”, wives and mothers had no say in politics or arts. Jamie was reluctant to take Maron and Renee even if they stood in silence. However, when she cajoled and promised she’d retreat into the background with Renee, he gave in. The first contact with the Salume was important. The party comprised twelve people, and they wore Fleet uniforms, including Maron.
Salla City was cleaner and more consistent than the muddled dirty cities they’d left on Earth. They landed as requested at a spaceport. It was modern, the Salume ships at the port no bigger than their shuttle. Although there were larger ships in orbit, Explorer 2 was superior. A group of men came forward to greet them, and Maron and Renee made sure they stood behind the others.

The Salume had similar uniforms to Fleet, black suits, but unlike the Fleets that zipped up at the front, they crossed over and fastened at the shoulder. They wore hats, a small, neat, peaked affair; that reminded the Earth people of grim times on their planet. They were dark-haired with olive skin. The only noticeable difference between the races was the Salume had more prominent noses than most humans did, and there was little variety in their looks. Otherwise, it was uncanny how similar they were.

Jamie introduced his party and a middle-aged man introduced his staff. The courtier was surprised to see Maron and Renee. He relaxed when Jamie explained they were their wives. This Prime Minister, Blaca, was polite and distant to the women. As both sides had attempted to learn the other's language, it helped the meeting and the linguist, self-important John Patrous, was in his element.
Maron hadn’t mentioned she’d fine-tuned the computers translator. He was a pedantic little man and would have taken it as an affront, a physicist had achieved more than he had. She knew he’d asked why the database had changed. The I.T. department agreed with Maron’s assessment of his reaction and said it was an oversight they’d not upgraded it earlier, and he believed them. He was fond of Celtic mythology and Jason, the head of I.T., suggested he might believe the fairies had done it. Jamie was not a natural linguist, and Maron coached him.

There was a fleet of hover-cars waiting to take them to visit their King, Jamie and Carlos insisted on travelling with their wives.

The palace was built on a hill on the far side of the large city. There was a formal reception presided over by the King and his eldest son; there were no women in sight. The Crown Prince looked at Maron, and she felt uncomfortable. Jamie didn’t notice; he was too busy trying to understand what they said to him and to respond.
This residence was different from the rest of the area, its lines too fussy after the city’s minimalist architecture. However, it was more relaxing on the eyes inside, the sun was bright on the glass-covered buildings.

Jamie brought Maron and Renee forward to introduce them before they moved on into another grand apartment, where they were invited to sit and offered refreshments.  Maron looked around the room. Gold ochre tiles on the walls with patterns in other colours.  The ceiling was more ornate, this time blue dominated with white tiles in uniform designs. The furniture was rich in gold leaf and brocade. Complex motifs everywhere were disconcerting, not relaxing. The old King dazzled too, his suit matched the chairs.
King Kalam, while remaining polite, looked at Maron as if he was used to appraising the female form, and Maron resisted a slight shudder. Jamie saw and put his hand on her arm as if to claim her. His six other sons and brothers were present and Maron experienced a mixture of embarrassment and resentment as they looked at them. Renee’s glance said, maybe we should have stayed on Explorer. Introductions completed, they then escorted the guests to their quarters. The others in the party joined Jamie and Maron in their lavish reception rooms.

The women moved onto the balcony filled with pot plants and plantation furniture.
‘Told you; never bring a great beauty into a pack of male bastards,’ said Renee, her eyes twinkled. ‘I got a quick once over, but they couldn’t take their eyes off you.’
‘Yuk.’
‘Yes, yuk, but how do the woman manage this male domination, that’s what interests me. I hope to see the royal wives and daughters. We are on the feminist side of politics, aren’t we? It’s hard to keep an open mind.’ Maron nodded her agreement. ‘I’ve asked Carlos if he can organise a meeting.’
‘We’ve read reports from similar societies on Earth, most women think everything is fine because they know nothing different. Will they notice or care they are unequal?’
‘And what they’d do if they rebelled?’
‘I wonder why my mother didn’t visit?’
‘The logs don’t say. She was a looker too; maybe the Captain thought it unwise, you only managed this because you make Jamie do what you want.’
‘Shush, at least this way we leave those boring trade talks to our menfolk.’

Carlos joined them. ‘What are you two plotting now? I’ve asked if you may meet their women.’
‘And?’ queried his wife.
‘They’ve no objection.’
‘Maron and I will stand up for women the galaxy over,’ said Renee.
‘Darling, you’ll be professional and keep quiet when you have to, but Maron, you say what you think.’
Maron and Renee looked at each other and giggled.
‘I suppose we can’t come to the banquet tonight?’ inquired his wife.
‘On the contrary.’
‘If we sit still,’ Renee made a face, ‘and don’t say a word.’
‘Yes.’
‘And when do we visit the harem?’ asked Maron.
‘Tomorrow. The men believe their women are happy because they do the work and they are…’
‘Cherished?’ supplied Maron.
‘You two had better behave yourselves tonight if you want your chat with the ladies,’ said Jamie as he joined them. ‘And they prefer you to wear “civvies” from now on, you are less “disturbing” that way.’
‘We’ll do as expected,’ insisted Renee.

They’d packed other clothes, including long evening dresses. The only one Maron owned, she preferred a plainer style of dress than this grand creation, cut from silver embroidered lilac material. Renee had gone to town; hers was a snazzy coppery red number that suited her pale skin.
‘I’m a Christmas tree,’ said Maron.
‘No, it’s great. You’ve never worn it.’
‘Because I hate it, but it was on the list of things I had to bring, so I did. You don’t think it will offend anyone, do you?’
‘It’s low over your breasts because of your tummy,’ agreed Renee, ‘but you have a shawl for over your shoulders.’
Maron arranged the stole. ‘Now I’m fat and bloated.’
‘Rubbish! What is wrong with you Maron, I’ve not known you to be vain?’
‘Sorry, I hate this style of clothing.’
‘I don’t, I love the chance to wear something special. What are you worried about? Talking smart, look at these two?’
Jamie and Carlos’s white evening uniforms looked dazzling.
‘Wow,’ said Jamie, smiling at his wife.
Maron scowled. ‘I hate it.’
‘You hate dressing lavishly, don’t you?’ commiserated her husband. ‘It’s beautiful; exotic.’
‘Jamie, I don’t want to be exotic.’

The state dining room appeared even larger than it was because of the mirrors placed between the gold pillars. It had a painted ceiling depicting stars in configurations Maron didn’t recognise. She wondered if it showed where they originated.
Maron and Renee sat next to their husbands. On Maron’s other side was Crown Prince Aslan: a handsome, dark-complexioned man around Don’s age. The climate here was warmer than normal, and Maron put the shawl over the back of her chair. The Prince helped. Maron looked over at Renee opposite; she knew what Renee’s blank stare meant.

An army of male servants served wine and delicate entrées. Salume table manners were similar to their own, although the utensils were different. Maron watched the Prince. He picked up the pastry in his right hand; Maron did the same.
‘You put the whole phyllo into your mouth at once. Wash your fingers in the silver bowl and then wipe them on the gold-edged napkin next to it,’ he explained, his eyes looking into hers.
‘Thank you,’ said Maron, and then added. ‘I’m not supposed to speak am I?’
Aslan laughed. ‘It’s true our women don’t join us for important state occasions. They’d be bored, but we eat together at times more intimate. Please talk to me, your voice is pleasing.’
‘Thank you, your highness; Renee and I are looking forward to meeting your ladies tomorrow.’
‘Yes. Here on Salume, women are valued above all things. The more beautiful, the more prized. Is it not the same in your culture?’
‘Intelligence and kindness are valued more than mere looks.’
‘Our women only think of how to make us happy.’
Jamie’s knee nudged Maron before she could retort to such a chauvinistic comment.

The meal comprised many courses of delicate portions on large plates and different varieties of wines. Maron chatted with Aslan, and he’d been open with his answers to her questions. He believed they kept their women happy, and Maron did well to keep her frustration and occasional anger under control.

Aslan sensed that she was tiring. ‘Please, my dear Maron, may I escort you to your rooms; we exhaust you.’
‘No, it’s fine, my husband…’
‘Is busy discussing food production with our First Minister. Please allow me. I will ask his permission.’ Jamie looked startled and insisted he take Maron back himself. ‘No, I insist, I know the way. Please, you must finish your discussion,’ Aslan insisted.

He placed her stole around her shoulders, lightly brushing her breasts with his fingers as he did so. Maron felt apprehensive, but the Prince made no further move to touch her. He bowed low as he wished her good night. Maron saw the want in his eyes as he looked at her, and heaved a grateful sigh as he headed back to the reception. Once inside, she took off her dress and put on a loose leisure suit. Away from the pressures of the state banquet, she was no longer tired, so she sat to watch an old movie on her viewer.

Renee came in as it started. She too had changed out of her evening clothes. ‘They threw me out after you left, business is only for men. I’d be happier in my apartment etcetera. You and the Crown Prince were having a good chat.’
Maron turned off the movie. ‘He’s keen for us to meet the royal wives and daughters, and can’t see how we could think it offensive.’
‘You didn’t say so did you?’
‘Jamie kept looking at me in that don’t talk way. I was a perfect diplomat. I’ve got an idea of how their social structure works. The women are first owned by their fathers, and then their husbands, if they get one. If they don’t, they have to rely on the charity of their fathers and brothers to feed and clothe them. I have an idea there’s more to this, but it was unwise to dig further.’
‘Thought so.’
‘It gets worse; women are classed only by their looks into several distinct types. The government controls the prices; top beauties are worth a fortune. If a poor man has a stunning daughter, it changes his entire life, makes him rich. Worse, the administration organises sales of fourteen-year-old girls, grouped according to the beauty scales, and men looking for a wife bid for them. A tenth of the price goes into the government’s coffers.’
‘Yuk.’
‘A rich man has as many wives as he can afford. Lower-class males work hard, doing the cooking and cleaning, not only in their own homes but in their service jobs too. They only thing a woman has any duty for is the babies and younger children, and after five the boys are the responsibility of their fathers and male staff.’
‘I suppose that’s an improvement in our lives. Can’t imagine Carlos doing all the housework.’
‘There’s more; if a wife isn’t satisfactory, they do a private deal with other men who bid for her, with no government involvement. The women have communal quarters in the house, and often several related males live together. Any of these males can send for the women, when he likes, nice, huh?’
‘No.’
‘Did you find more information, Renee?’
‘I listened to Carlos’s conversations, not as interesting as yours. Did you discover where they are from originally?’
‘I didn’t. Did Carlos?’
‘Doubt it, they’re more interested in helping each other. The man next to me gave me a filthy look when I said thank you to a servant.’
‘Yes, I saw it, he glared at me too.’
‘I wonder if the women are happy, we may never find out.’
‘I’d go mad, but I’m the product of a different society, as Carlos keeps reminding me.’
‘To be honest, I am tired of this lavishness,’ Maron gesticulated around her, ‘it’s too much. Can’t wait to get back to Explorer, and my plain beige walls.’ She yawned. ‘I’ll go to bed, Jamie and Carlos may be a while, aren’t you sleepy?’
‘Yes, I am,’ Renee agreed, getting up off the couch, ‘I’ll see you tomorrow.’

The next morning Prince Aslan visited the Explorer party, explaining that he’d escort the ladies to the women’s wing of the palace. His secretary escorted them and talked to Renee, while the Prince took hold of Maron’s arm in a way she found too familiar. In normal circumstances, she’d ask him to remove it, but this wasn’t Earth or the ship and she wanted to avoid offending. Perhaps, her pregnancy made her more vulnerable than usual.

They were escorted into a lavish vestibule. Aslan raised Maron’s hand to his lips; she avoided looking into his eyes. From behind thick draperies, an old woman appeared. She wore a long embroidered gown with a matching shawl and jewellery. She was nervous and spoke no English, as Maron was the better linguist she made the introductions. This woman led them along several wide corridors into a sizeable reception room filled with women of different ages, shapes and sizes, and every one attractive. They were in varying styles of dress, the older ladies modest, and the younger ones wearing little. They stopped talking, and what else they were doing and stared at the aliens.

Maron and Renee joined the others on the luxurious rugs and cushions on the floor. Most of the woman accepted the strangers and resumed what they were doing. Many fondled each other. Renee prepared Maron. She explained it was understandable in the circumstances.
In the universal sisterhood of women, they opened up to each other. The Salume found the Earth customs strange, they enjoyed their indolent lives spent in the company of female friends and lovers. They stayed the day and recorded statements. It was evening when Prince Aslan came to escort them back to their apartments.
‘So you see how we cherish our women, they are happy, are they not?’
‘Yes, your highness,’ Maron agreed.
He took hold of her arm again and his fingers again brushed her breast. Maron avoided his eyes; she knew what she’d find in them.

‘Hey love, what’s wrong?’ Jamie asked, seeing anger on Maron’s face.
‘Nothing, I am so glad to be married to you.’
‘We’ve learnt much, Captain. The women are not mistreated. They’re looked after when elderly too, but it still leaves a nasty taste in my mouth.’
Jamie nodded.
‘What have you been up to Jamie?’ asked Maron.
‘They’ll trade food for our technology. They always have a surplus. Besides, we’ll establish regular communication via the booster buoys we left on the way here. As a trained diplomat John Cross is to stay behind as ambassador.’
‘Unpleasant assignment,’ said Renee, looking over at him discussing something with Carlos and the other officers.
He heard her. ‘I’m looking forward to it, I promise to send you reports.’
‘Jamie, do we have to get dressed up tonight?’ asked Maron. ‘I’ll be a disgrace, I’ve only got one fancy dress.’
‘No, eating here, we’ll have a working dinner.’
‘Good, I’m exhausted.’

The next day the Prime Minister Blaca took Jamie and John Cross to meet with the royals again. The others spent the morning comparing notes or writing reports. Jamie interrupted them as he stormed into the reception room, followed by John. He was angry.
‘Maron, Renee, pack, right now!’
‘Jamie, what’s wrong?’ Maron stood.
‘You bloody well tell them, John!’ He yelled, his face red with anger.

John was red-faced too. ‘Prince Aslan offered the Captain a vast sum for you, Maron.’
‘Oh no!’ Maron wasn’t surprised.
Jamie turned to her, eyes still flashing with fury. ‘He offered me enough food for ten years and raw materials, gems, gold, fabrics, even women; virgins of impeccable loveliness, as many as I wanted.’
‘What did you say?’ asked an appalled Maron.
Jamie looked incredulous she asked. ‘I told him, what the hell did I tell him, John?’
‘You were polite under the circumstances and suggested that in our culture wives were not chattels but much-loved partners. Chosen for many different attributes besides looks, and that if he offered you everything of value in this galaxy, you’d never sell her. But you walked out without the formal farewells.’ John added.
‘We’ll get packed,’ agreed Maron, ‘but we must have those trade agreements, John.’
‘Don’t worry Maron, I’ll stay and try to smooth things; it’s a cultural gaffe on their part, not ours. You’ll be back on the return journey and it’ll be sorted by then.’
‘We’ll need transport to the shuttle John.’ Jamie had calmed.
‘My first task as ambassador.’

The Prime Minister returned with John. The elegant courtier was upset and full of apologies.
‘Your wife’s loveliness moved our Prince. I realise your culture sees his thoughtless offer as an affront and I understand why you leave. Let me assure you, Prince Aslan would not take your wife by force. I have spoken to the king, he is unsure why you are so angry Captain, and he says they have paid you the highest compliment. I will explain to him again how this affects you. We know we must stay friends. As we discussed, other planets in this sector may become aggressive as they develop and we will need to defend ourselves.’

Jamie was back to his polished professional self. ‘Yes, I am sorry if I over-reacted but as you say our customs differ. John Cross is to stay behind as our representative.’
The First Minister allowed himself a smile of relief and nodded. ‘We will come back, but without my wife!’
‘Please do not worry about her safety when you return. I will see to John Cross’s comfort and may I say again I am sorry about this misunderstanding.’
‘Yes, so am I. I’m sure we can be friends.’

Jamie was silent on the journey to the shuttle. Maron reached for his hand and squeezed it. ‘I suppose it’s a compliment, don’t be angry with me.’
‘I’m not, everything was going well, and then not, because our cultures are so different. Don’s a better diplomat than I am, we should have stayed behind and let him, and Amy do this.’
‘No Jamie it was your mission to take this journey and you are a good diplomat.’
When your wife’s pregnant, you don’t expect her to be propositioned.
‘What would they do with our baby?’
‘No idea, I didn’t get that far.’
‘We wanted to stay longer and visit the women’s quarters again, and the nurseries, and how the poorer people manage their lives too.’
‘I took it too seriously is that what you think, I should politely decline. Where you are concerned, I’m not logical.’

‘I’d love a man to offer that for me. You’d have sold me, Carlos.’
‘I expect so,’ he replied. Renee hit him playfully.
‘Well Maron, we reach Natlaap in two weeks and you are NOT going. They have violent tendencies.’
‘I’ve read the reports; it sounds interesting.’
‘No Maron, it’s unhygienic.’
‘I’m as fit as a fiddle.’
‘He’s afraid he’ll have to fight for you,’ said Renee with her usual lack of respect for Jamie’s rank.
‘Rubbish! Renee, you can take another female.’
‘Female, Jamie?’
‘I’ve made my mind up, you are a distraction.’
‘Fine!’ Maron was angry, and she pulled her hand from his and moved. They’d never quarrelled before and both were shocked at their feelings. They needed a Karten match. She refused his help when he tried to help her alight from the car. Her eyes flashed and then he got angry too and strode off. Renee and Carlos were well ahead and didn’t notice.

Back on Explorer 2, Jamie stayed in his office to catch up on reports and Maron went to their quarters to unpack. She was still furious with him so she ate alone, not waiting for him. Then lay on the bed and watched her hand viewer. She turned her back to the door when he entered their living room. He came into the bedroom and stood at the doorway, when Maron didn’t turn around he moved away. She heard him cursing as he heated his tasteless meal.

Soon after, he came back. ‘Maron, stop acting so foolishly.’
‘Me, foolish? Who went crazy when his wife was paid a compliment, I’m not the foolish one, you are.’
‘Sorry,’ he sat on the bed, ‘I didn’t behave well. I shouldn’t have lost my temper, but I was furious Aslan wanted you. I behaved as an outraged husband, not a diplomat. I should have made light of it.’
Maron turned to him. ‘Yes, you should.’

‘Trouble is, I can’t believe you can love an old man and one day an Aslan will take you from me.’
‘Now you are being foolish. I won’t be kept away from this mission because someone fancies me. Renee and I work well together; you know we do. I want to go on world at Natlaap. We’ll be back in New York months before our baby is born. Natlaap and Salume are the most important of our neighbours at present, and we need them more than they do us.’
‘Yes, we do, John Cross will sort it.’

He did. A few days later, Prince Aslan forwarded a personal communication to Jamie apologising for his thoughtless behaviour in not considering the differences in cultures. He was sorry if he offended the Captain’s wife. Jamie sent a note back along similar lines. John Cross added that they were welcome back, but safer if Maron and Renee didn’t appear in public, but they could continue their studies in the women’s quarters. Renee was glad they’d finish the project, but Maron was apprehensive. She said nothing to her husband.







Chapter 12


Natlaap differed from sophisticated Salume. This human-like race was very tall with pale hair and skin. They had technology and useful satellites. However, no manned space flight, although they were working towards it. Socially, they appeared barbaric to the Explorer crew. They saw prowess as a man who could drink more than anyone else, or how well he fought with his bare hands. The women were similar but were man’s equals. Maron wished she wasn’t pregnant; she’d love to hit their Chief’s wife Anz, who was hostile to both her and Renee.

Maron was quick to notice the Natlaap had no actual fighting skills; it was posturing and bluff. The reason for the animosity was Maron. The Chief, a loud, drunken man, was forthright with Jamie. He declared Maron was a fine-looking woman and did she fuck as good as she looked. Jamie better prepared laughed and replied. ‘Yes.’
Maron sensed no threat from Calptic, only from his wife, whose eyes flashed when her husband acknowledged Maron’s beauty. However, Renee felt more vulnerable here than on Salume.

The Explorer party did their best to stay sober at the boisterous reception. But it was difficult when alcohol was being pressed on them and they were trying to be diplomatic. Maron had no trouble refusing, as she was with child.

Back in their rooms, Maron was annoyed. ‘If Anz mentioned how puny we are one more time, I’d have hit her,’ suggested Maron. ‘If I wasn’t pregnant…’
‘If you weren’t you’d cause a scandal, who’s angry now?’ Jamie made a face.
‘I am. I’d floor her in seconds. Sham fights, breast-beating idiots.’
‘She scares me,’ said Renee.
‘Maron’s right,’ agreed Carlos, ‘even I saw they were …’
‘Fake,’ supplied Maron. ‘Heaving brawn, no speed; a wrestling match.’
Jamie was in a jovial mood after the alcohol. ‘I’m just thankful I wasn’t offered a few barrels of beer for my wife.’
‘I am sick of it. On Earth…’ Maron paused, remembering what was going to happen there soon. ‘I was treated with respect. We ruined the planet, but we made progress socially, even though Fleet didn’t notice. I’ll go to bed, I’m tired.’

There was silence, each deep in thought.
‘We forget we’re grieving for our friends and families; and those places we loved, like my home on the beach.’ Jamie said.
‘Yes, Captain, as Maron says there were many things wrong on Earth but most treated each other with respect,’ agreed Carlos.
‘Maron isn’t a victim,’ insisted Renee. ‘She’s beautiful and can look after herself. Her looks aren’t important to her but her intelligence is, she values that above everything.’
‘Yes, you are right,’ said Jamie agreeing. ‘I take your point, she’s able to fight back. She’s good at Karten. I can’t beat her unless she lets me. There’s something in her manner, which says, don’t mess with me. I saw it straight away.’
‘Interesting isn’t it, that the Salume and Natlaap don’t know her as we do? I wonder why they observe her as if she was one of them?’ asked Renee.
‘Would Aslan want Maron if he knew how easily she’d break his neck?’ Carlos inquired.
‘The Natlaap see her as smaller and slimmer than they are, and write her off as no competition in a fight, whereas in reality, she’d defeat them. To be honest, I’d love to watch that.’ Renee laughed.
‘Are we putting them in the same category as ourselves?’ suggested Jamie.
‘Yes. We have to keep our advantage,’ stressed Renee. ‘If the Natlaap has more advanced long-distance weapons in the future they will use them. We’ve been making the same mistakes as long as we’ve existed, so they are easy for us to recognise.
‘What do you suggest?’ asked Jamie.
‘We treat each Blue Sector race in different ways, not the established Fleet norm. On Salume, we demonstrated we were confident and more advanced, and they knew to be careful, but hoped to gain knowledge from us. They are worried about the Natlaap becoming aggressive if they learn too much from us. Next is Calsto, an aesthetic people, and we can’t use either method there. The reports said they refused to meet with us last time, but there was no reason given as to why.’
‘I understand we modify our methods to suit our environment. I thought we did that, but as you say, it’s hard to adjust our personalities. Point taken, Renee.’
‘It might help too,’ suggested Carlos, ‘if they visit Explorer, and see its impressive technology.’
‘Because of Fleet security we don’t do that, but as Maron says, Fleet won’t exist soon. Do you think the Natlaap are less wary of us than the Salume?’
‘Yes, from what John Cross shows, Aslan made a mistake in upsetting you. They want our machinery and we require food, but the Natlaap can help too.’
‘We give the Salume old tech, we must stay ahead of them. So far, we don’t know what the Natlaap want, we make assumptions on what the Salume said. I don’t want to show the Salume too much either, they are smart and we must maintain our place.’
‘Yes, it makes sense,’ admitted Renee, looking at her husband, who nodded in agreement.

The other two senior officers fell asleep. Once a serious offence to sleep in front of the Captain when important policy was discussed.
‘Alistair!’ Jamie yelled. Both officers woke with a start.
‘Yes Sir,’ he answered. ‘Sorry Captain,’ he sat bolt upright.
‘It doesn’t matter Alistair, the rules are changing. I’m sorry I had to wake you. When back on Explorer I want you to check on technology we can trade with the Salume. Make sure there’s nothing they can re-configure into a weapon or anything that might interfere with us keeping ahead of them. And give me the report, and a copy for my wife too, she’s clever at making something out of nothing.’
‘Yes Sir, understood.’

‘We’d better get to bed, as least the Natlaap sleep late. We’ll go back to Salume after our visit to Calsto and try again. Renee, I don’t want Maron anywhere near that Aslan character. He might try to take her by force. Don’t repeat what I said to Maron. I’d like you to work on your ideas on ways in which different humans communicate, and the differences with people we’ve met or might meet. I know it’s an extensive project; get Maron to help you. We’ve read Explorer 1’s notes on these people but as you say we still haven’t got it right.’
‘We used first Explorers data to make our suggestions,’ explained Carlos.
‘Understood, excellent work all of you.’
‘Thank you, Sir,’ said Carlos smiling.







Chapter 13


The next day they travelled to Explorer to develop both projects. Carlos and Renee called their project “Mystique”. They used information from Explorer 1 archives, and ideas to come up with criteria to assist future negotiations. With Maron’s help, they finished the work on the people below and the report detailed the new Mystique guidelines. They asked the Natlaap for another meeting.

Another spectacle for their “pleasure” was an unpleasant experience. Most of the Explorer party were nauseous as various animals slew each other, or were baited and killed by well-armed men.
These people were approaching advanced technological age but were still savage by their visitor's standards. As Maron suggested they were cowardly braggarts. There was another feast held afterwards. This time they made it known to their hosts that the Captain had ordered his landing party to have only two alcoholic drinks. This amused Calptic, but not Anz who as she became drunker was becoming more hostile to Maron.
‘You smooth-faced bitch; think you are so much better than we, don’t you,’ she said making the mistake of grabbing at Maron’s hair.

Maron seized her wrist and twisted it until Anz had to let go. Then moving at lightning speed, Maron hit her on the face with the back of her fist, a beautifully executed Karten move. The noisy room became silent. Renee touched Jamie’s arm, as he was going to help his wife.
‘Leave it to Maron,’ she whispered.

Anz’s nose bled, she’d fallen over and landed heavily and was even angrier with Maron. With the grace of a leopard, Maron swung her legs over the bench and stood up before Anz got to her feet. She leapt at her like a maniac. Maron moved to the side and Anz collapsed again, banging her head. Maron grabbed hold of one of her arms, pointed her fingers between the ribs, and pushed hard. Anz grunted with pain.
‘Enough Anz. I don’t insult my guests and I expect you to behave similarly. I’m not puny because I’m a head shorter than you and pregnant. You are a fat, unfit bitch and a bully. If you insist on continuing this stupidity; even though I carry a baby, I am a very able fighter.’

Everyone but the Earthers laughed at Anz. Jamie and the others sat stony-faced as Maron tried the new tactics deemed suitable for Natlaap. Jamie worried at the outcome.

However, Maron wasn’t finished, using the Karten voice method so they could hear her above the noise.
‘Shut up, it’s not funny!’ The room quietened. ‘Well Anz, are we friends now? Or shall I inflict pain? Friends or pain, decide?’
‘Friend,’ moaned Anz. ‘Friend, friend,’ she repeated.
‘Good.’ Maron sat back again. ‘My apologies Calptic,’ she addressed the chieftain, ‘to both you and my husband. I didn’t mean to distract you from the feast.’
‘No, no, it was excellent,’ he hadn’t looked at his wife, ‘you fight as a Vanheart and despite your slight stature, you are as strong as a Balthos. Can you teach me those moves; it’d help me keep Anz under control.’
‘I am sorry, but they forbid passing on those secrets.’ Maron said, keeping her face straight.

Anz got up to see to her bleeding nose, but Maron sensed it wasn’t over yet and stayed alert. The other women liked to fight too, but Anz was unusually violent. Maron could smell her as she moved behind her, the odour was pronounced; fear, excitement - she realised she was in danger. Without looking, Maron guessed Anz’s position.  She swung her legs over the backless seat, and in one fluid motion pushed the hand with the knife away, and followed up with a sharp uppercut to her chin. Anz fell again, the weapon spun on the floor to stop at Maron’s feet, despite her pregnancy she quickly picked it up. There was a hushed silence. Anz had broken an ancient, sacred rule by bringing a weapon into the house. Guests left them in a locked room by the entrance. Why in this technological age did they need to carry an assortment of knives and other arms, Maron couldn’t imagine?

Calptic jumped to his feet, scandalised. ‘Anz, I cannot forgive this, I divorce you. You have shown our friends dishonour and disgraced our home. Your children are no longer yours.’
Maron stood up and placed the knife on the table. ‘She needs help, not throwing out onto the street. She is violent, she may be ill, and there could be many reasons for her behaviour. Allow our doctors to examine her.’ Maron looked over at Jamie. He was angry and white-faced, but he gave an indiscernible nod to her tactics. Calptic made a noise of disgust. ‘Don’t you care for her Calptic?’
‘I do,’ he admitted.
‘Then let us try to help her; give you back the woman with whom you fell in love.’ Maron’s oratory kept everyone silent.
Jamie added his voice. He stood. ‘As my wife says, we might help Anz, why don’t you both come aboard Explorer as our guests.’
‘On your ship?’
‘Yes.’
Calptic looked uncertain. ‘Thank you, Captain, we accept your invitation.’

It relieved Maron to be back on the ship. As she showed on Natlaap, she could still move fast, but she was five months pregnant and the baby made her uncomfortable. Jean said he was a big child and she might need a Caesarean. Maron ached and longed for a hot bath before a milky drink and a long sleep. The only one was in sickbay, and she’d ask if she could use it.  First, a sedated Anz and her frightened husband needed to be comfortable. Maron led Anz, strapped to a hover-chair surrounded by security guards, while Jamie escorted Calptic. Jean’s second medic Peter Beng was waiting for them with Ravi.
‘Thanks, Maron, we’ll take it from here,’ said Peter.
‘How long?’
‘It depends, say two hours.’
‘Peter, may I have a bath?’
‘You don’t have to ask Maron,’ he replied, as Anz was taken to a secure bay.
‘Thanks, I’ll get my stuff and be right back.’
Jamie was busy impressing the “chief” and Rene and Carlos helped him. She checked they didn’t need her and a nurse ran the bath.
‘Not too hot,’ she told Maron.
‘Unlike most pregnant women I don’t have any food cravings, just a strange desire to lie in water. We need a swimming pool on Explorer.’
‘You can clean up if the stabilisers fail.’
‘Point taken,’ replied Maron laughing.

Maron missed Jean, but she couldn’t fault Peter. As the warm water relaxed her, she thought on Natlaap. She hated it. The violence, its ugly buildings, and interiors. What if she was wrong and Anz was physically healthy? If so the Natlaap were a serious problem once space capable. She lay in the bath until it cooled and called for help to get out as instructed. Once dressed, she headed for the lab.

Ravi studied data. ‘Do you want a job, Maron? Your hunch was right, she is ill.’
‘What a relief.’
‘No hormone imbalance or a treatable psychotic illness; she’s much sicker than that and the poor woman will deteriorate because it’s too late to help her. It’s Syphilis, Maron.’
‘Syphilis? How strange having the same diseases as us.’
‘Yes, her husband said they treated it, but the drugs didn’t do their job. Peter is in contact with Natlaap doctors and we are testing Calptic.’
‘Is there nothing you can do?’
‘We can’t stop the natural progression of the disease. However, we’ll help her quality of life with meds, and later when they no longer work we’ll sedate her, but she will die insane. I don’t think these people take medicine as seriously as we do. We should send a doctor to assist them.’
‘Once we are back, I’ll sort something out. I found it a very melancholy place Ravi, we need to train more doctors too.’
‘Yes, Jean’s been discussing that. Several of the nurses will become excellent medics, in a shorter time than normal. Maron, I’ve never heard you say you hated before, why find Natlaap depressing?’
‘The blood sports, I worried for my baby, will what I saw affect him?’
‘We don’t agree on experiences in the womb, no proof for any of the arguments. Don’t worry Maron.  Peter is synthesising Anz’s medication, with their technology they can’t replace a subcutaneous implant.  We’ll make old-fashioned tablets. It’ll take a while, as we need to manufacture enough for several years and as she gets worse, she must increase the dose. By then, we’ll have made another visit to Natlaap to help them further.’
‘Yes, poor Anz. Does her husband realise?’
‘No not yet, we are still doing tests on him, but so far it looks as if his original treatment worked. Possibly he took his tablets, and she forgot?’

They impressed Calptic with Explorer and now Anz received medication she behaved better. A sobered and grateful chief, and his wife, left with her supply of drugs and other gifts and returned to Natlaap. Jamie promised an exchange of diplomats as soon as the settlement New York was up and running. They made headway, but as Maron did, he saw Natlaap as a future problem.

After Calptic and Anz left, Maron insisted he took a few hours off from the endless reports and poured him a precious whisky.
‘I hope they’ve set up a still in New York,’ he said, appreciating the drink’s flavour.
‘I told Jean to call it a medical need. Jim will get it going I’m sure.’
‘Well, Maron?’ Tell me what you are thinking; you have something on your mind.’
‘We have to keep this ship flying and build more, we can’t land it for a long time. We must be ahead of Salume, Natlaap and whomever else we visit. It’s not possible to retreat to New Earth and become farmers, not in the long term.’
‘I agree, but the only planet we can mine minerals in large quantities is…’
Maron interrupted. ‘Where my mother died? We might discover an outer uninhabited world to supply our needs, even a moon. But if it has to be Bathron, then I’ll lay my mother’s ghost to rest.’
‘It’s the most logical place.’
‘Mother’s death was never final, as if not finding her body means she’s still alive. It’s crazy.’
‘No, it’s not.’







Chapter 14


The next stop-off was Calsto, the greatest challenge so far. They’d refused the first Explorer an exchange of dialogue. Their representatives sent back to the ship after brief contact with tall, hooded people. There wasn’t much information or description available as the Calsto’s removed their visitor's portable data search devices. They had little on file, only that Calsto was a world of mists and bright intermittent sunshine. The planet was three weeks from Natlaap and after this visit, Jamie decided they must go home so Maron could give birth on New Earth. They’d visit the other planets in due course.

From the earlier data, there was one important point; although the Calsto had no technology, even after the short meeting, they stressed these people were far from primitive. Maron couldn’t work out the language as there was nothing on file. Jamie decided that civilian clothes, and taking Maron and Renee might make them appear less militaristic and threatening to the Calsto. They left the linguist John Patrous behind as he might cause friction.

Calsto looked striking from orbit, more similar to Earth than the other two worlds; large drifts of clouds moved across its surface as bright wisps of smoke.

Maron was very pregnant and wore the only dress that fitted, the lilac and silver one, she looked feminine and gentle. Renee wore pale blue and Siobhan a dress of pale green to compliment her glorious red hair. Jamie was the only male and wore civilian clothes in the hope they looked less threatening than the first time.

The town was set against the low mountain range; the mist kept obscuring the view.
The sun was bright so they wore visors against the glare. Outside the shuttle, the ground was dusty and looked chalky. They saw little vegetation. It was hot. Though early in the day there was a heat haze. Siobhan worried for Maron who assured her she was unaffected by the heat. Even the breezes blew warm. Renee complained of nausea so Siobhan gave her an electrolyte drink.

They walked until they saw a group of people approaching, their bodies distorted in the haze. They removed their visors and blinked as best they could against the brightness. As if in answer to their discomfort a large cloud drifted over, the temperature dropped and the air was now full of moisture.

They saw six figures, they were tall and wearing cloaks. As they neared, they lowered their hoods.
Maron gasped aloud. These people weren’t human but had slanted solid coloured eyes, elongated ears and their bronze skin had a silvery tracing on it. Their hair pulled in ponytails, the colour varied. They appeared to be male. They knelt in front of her and bowed their heads.

Maron did her best to bow back. ‘My name is Maron.’
One man raised his head, and Maron smiled and moved her hands as if asking him to stand. The Calsto still knelt. Maron again suggested by her hand movements they should rise and this time they did, she introduced Renee and Siobhan, pointing to them. Silence from the Calsto. Strange eyes looked at Maron; eyes of bright blue, deep brown, grey and green, a pair of yellow too. Maron found their smooth faces striking. They were taller than humans were. Jamie looked on with satisfaction, he didn’t understand why they bowed to his wife, but these gentle tactics worked so far, now to keep the momentum going.
One of the Calsto used sign language to suggest they should follow him. It was cooler and easier to walk now and the town wasn’t far. As they neared, they saw bright white buildings built out and into the rock of the mountain. They followed a well-trod path and were shown into a cool, very plain, room the size of a small church. It was empty save for a life-sized statue of a woman in flimsy draperies; gold-coloured, save her bright green eyes.
‘Maron,’ said Renee, ‘it looks similar to you.’

It resembled Maron; the statues features and the body suggested beneath the folds of the dress. Maron put her hands on her stomach, she felt faint. Siobhan saw and helped her onto the floor. She couldn’t take her eyes from the statue, and full of emotion she sobbed. This surprised them, Maron was always in control.
‘Darling, what’s wrong?’ Jamie sat beside her.
‘Jamie, it’s the Blowery,’ said Maron, her voice a whisper. ‘I never saw her true shape, but it’s her and she’s my double. Jamie, I must find her.’

Seeing her distress, they led them to where Maron could rest. A small room, with a narrow bed built into the wall, and stools and a table made of worked stone. Jamie lay Maron on the bed, they brought in a tray of water and soft biscuits. On leaving, they lowered a curtain to cover the doorway.

‘Better ?’ Jamie sat next to her and held her hand.
‘Yes, sorry I’m labile, must be the pregnancy, and the statue was a shock. It looked identical to me and these people aren’t human-looking.’
‘What did you mean concerning the Blowery?’ asked Renee.
‘I’m not given to fancies Renee, but I understood who the statue was. We must set up a dialogue so I can ask if they know The Blowery.’
The curtain rose, and another man gesticulated, asking if he could enter. He pulled his hood back as he did so, there were fine lines around his eyes, and he looked much older than the men who met them. Again, communication failed. Then he kept repeating Drewsal and pointed to the doorway.

‘What can Drewsal mean Maron?’ asked Jamie. She shook her head.
‘I am Drewsal,’ said a voice as he entered.
‘You speak English,’ said Maron. ‘How?’
‘My occupation is Learner of Languages, I am the communicator.’
‘We are glad to meet you Mr Drewsal,’ said Jamie.
Maron was anxious for answers. ‘Drewsal, who is the woman portrayed by the statue?’
‘The Kind One. She told us recently to wait for you, saying a woman who looked as she did, but with black hair will come, and we were to help her. She said you were her granddaughter.’
‘But my grandmother died when I was twelve. She was shorter and the features aren’t hers.’
‘You had two grandmothers,’ Renee reminded her.
‘Yes, of course, I did. I didn’t know my mother’s mother. Drewsel, we have much to discuss.’

Jamie helped Maron onto a stone stool, Drewsal sat opposite.
The Calsto’s alien grey eyes looked into hers; he appeared confused. He was young Maron judged, and despite being alien-looking, far from unattractive. His light brown hair was in a ponytail.
‘Drewsal, who is my grandmother?’
‘It is a long story.’
‘Please, we have time.’
‘My father was an old man when I was born,’ he started, ‘and unused to the ways of women. He was a priest on the original Calsto, but he realised we must change. Free men should take a wife so we might continue our race. Our first home was dying. It had grown colder and hard to breathe and we could not grow enough food. My father and the other priests tried to appease the gods so our lands are strong again and one god heard us, the Kind One. She put us in a deep sleep, and when we awoke we were here in our new world. Every man, woman, and child from our town. Our animals too, and precious artefacts from the monastery. The children we taught, sons and daughters of the ruling class too, but not their parents. The Lady led us to the water sources and helped build our homes. And encouraged laughter; saying prayers should be happy, not sad. She insisted she was not a goddess, so we should not be frightened of her. We loved her and as soon as we were safe, she left. She returned once before I was born, and only a few years ago, just after my father died. To give notice her granddaughter, a youthful woman will come asking for our help, and we must offer her comfort. When the others met you they knew we waited for you.’
‘Yes.’
‘Maron?’
‘Jamie, I’m not being fanciful. I’ve seen this place before in a dream; I recognised the city as we neared. Drewsal did this person have a name?’
‘She called herself Mother, and that is how we addressed her.’
‘Remember Jamie how I felt her love, it reminded me of my mother, remember? I told you.’
‘Yes, Maron.’
‘She rescued me Jamie; just as she rescued the Calsto, and she chose a good crew to come with me. Chose you, knowing I’d love you. We have the skills to make a thriving homeland on New Earth. She didn’t just pluck me from my home and the danger but also gave me a man to be my husband, and friends I’d never had. I must find out who she is. Drewsal, did the mother help other races too?’
‘Yes, she wrote a book for us. She said she had saved others from war, famine or disaster and gave them a chance to try again. She moved planets and made them habitable.’
‘That’s not possible,’ said Jamie.
‘Everything is possible for a goddess,’ insisted Drewsal.
It was too much for Maron and she cried again.
‘Drewsal this exhausts my wife, she needs to rest.’
‘We have readied two rooms for your comfort. Please, if you come with me I will show you.’

After many dim, long corridors and brief flights of stairs up and downwards, Drewsel showed them two larger rooms. One for Renee and Siobhan, and the other for the Macdonalds.

Maron lay on the narrow bed. Jamie lay next to her and held her until she fell asleep. He was unsure, he had everything he wanted - Maron. She was exquisite and everyone knew how warm and kind she was. She’d be a selfless mother to their son. He knew she’d held back with Anz. Her touch was light, and she’d thrown her around as if a rag doll. She’d insisted the Blowery wasn’t as she’d appeared. He had to speak to Renee and Siobhan and make sure they didn’t spread this story. Renee may tell Carlos, but he trusted him, and Siobhan soon to marry a young Fleet officer, and so it’d remain a secret. He had to protect Maron from these strange stories or it might affect what they were trying to achieve in New York. He got off the bed without disturbing her and went to talk with Renee and Siobhan.

They’d come to the same conclusion.
‘Yes, Captain,’ agreed Renee, ‘this is not the time to suggest to people on Explorer that Maron’s grandmother is a goddess. Now what?’ 
‘No idea, Maron’s asleep, she’s exhausted, more emotional than physical. Siobhan, check in on her please?’
‘Jamie, it’s fine,’ said Renee, when she had left the room. ‘She loves you, nothing will ever change that.’
‘Astute of you Renee, I must admit I am insecure, I can’t imagine life without her.’

Maron slept well, and the next morning was back to normal. The sanitary tools were behind a curtain and basic. Jamie looked tired and had not slept. He gently stroked her tummy as his baby kicked. They both smiled.
‘Even I realise you are big for five months, Maron.’
‘Yes, everyone says that, but we know when Jean removed my contra, he can’t be any older. After breakfast, I’ll ask Drewsal to show me his books and the one my mother left him.’
‘Excellent idea; we’ve agreed to keep the business with the statue out of the logs.’
Maron nodded. ‘Yes, they’ll think I’ve gone stark staring bonkers. It’s got me spooked. Where does my mother fit in this?’
‘You resemble the statue and want to believe your mother is still alive.’
‘More, if my grandmother has the power to move worlds, then why not just change the asteroid’s trajectory?’
‘She must’ve had a reason.’
‘If my mother’s alive, why did she leave me? I have to see the Blowery again,’ her frown gave way to a smile. ‘I’m glad she isn’t a luminous yellow, shaggy ball.’ Jamie kissed her.

The Blowery left information for Maron, two quaint old volumes in paper and bound with leather. It told of the Mother’s wish to save those planets due for destruction, or save selfless souls from drowning in the prevailing sea of evil. Strange words for an advanced being? It was told in allegories, stories easy to understand. Right at the end was the story of a lost daughter guided home by a race of gentle beings.
Maron looked at her husband. ‘It says daughter, not granddaughter.’
‘Maron, it gives this information in story form, only giving us a sense of what is happening, not specifics.’

There were other volumes too; Drewsal had language books written by the Mother to help not only with the Calsto’s language but others too. These were books but covered in a hard modern coating.
‘As the mother instructed,’ he said handing them to Maron. ‘She said they were for you.
As Jamie listened to Maron and Drewsal discussing the languages in the volumes, and how fast Maron grasped them, it made him uneasy. Unlike Drewsal, he expected the Mother’s granddaughter to understand.

Jamie buried his insecurities and tried to help through her strange metamorphosis, as did sensible Renee. The books enthralled Siobhan and she was as interested in the stories in the books as Maron.
‘Here,’ she said to Renee, ‘doesn’t this suggest our myths might have a basis in truth, I’m no history scholar, but I see the connection? These stories fill in gaps in our knowledge of older civilisations and their beliefs, why?’
‘Yes, I understand too,’ Renee agreed, looking at her close friend. A new Maron, a stranger to her friends, and even to herself.

Jamie sat next to his wife, his hand on her shoulder. She appeared calm but looked tired again. Drewsal brought them a mushroom terrine and bright green soup, and light sparkling wine.
‘Thank you Drewsal,’ said Jamie, ‘we’re so enthralled in these wonderful books we hadn’t realised how hungry we are.’

Drewsal and Jamie hovered over Maron trying to help her, she tried to resist a retort, but it came out. ‘Please, I’m fine. I can get my food and feed myself. You will both be eating it for me. Sorry,’ she added, ‘that wasn’t fair, I’m disorientated.’
What she was thinking was, was her mother a human, or something else, and what did that make her and her son?

‘Lady Maron, the Mother left more than these books for you. There is a room, cut deep into the cliffs. She said it was to help you remember, and you must go alone. A priestess keeps it prepared for you and is the only one allowed. It will give you the peace you seek.’
‘Thank you Drewsal, I am exhausted by everything. Jamie, do you mind?’
‘No, rest. I’ll carry on looking through these books. Why not ask Siobhan for something to make you sleep?’
‘I’ll snooze when I need to, don’t worry.’

It was a steep climb through long corridors and many stairs. Drewsal held on to her arm as if fearing she might stumble. He was overwhelmed, but even so, she found his gentleness soothing. He was in awe of her. Maron supposed because of her grandmother. He was unused to being this near a woman, and when she asked admitted he was unmarried. She made him more comfortable as they walked, asking him what he thought the stories meant.
The corridors narrowed as if tunnelled out of the mountain.
‘How many live here Drewsal? It’s peaceful and uncrowded.’
‘We have grown from three hundred and twenty-three to well over five hundred. We can’t sustain more than another hundred people here, then families will move to a different location. The Mother has worked out where and built homes for us. We can only grow a small quantity of food because of the weather and water limitations.’ He was more relaxed. ‘We make most of our food from fungi, leaves, and berries. We make the wine from the fruit of a mountain bush. It is too bitter to eat but makes excellent wine, sweetened with a root that makes food more palatable. She brought our livestock too for milk and cheese. We are vegetarians but she told us that when the animals die we must use the bodies to help our food last. When they are too old or sick to live comfortably, the one who helps them die peacefully is revered for his bravery.’
Maron felt a sudden deep tenderness for Drewsal and the gentle Calsto; no wonder her grandmother wanted to save these people.
‘Do I frighten you Drewsal?’
‘Yes Lady, it is my job to guide you and I fear I am unfit.’
‘No, you are kind and helpful, thank you.’
He cleared his throat. ‘It is near areas where we grow fungi. We have infrequent rain but we store it for our needs in an underground reservoir so we have drinking water for the year. The plants we harvest in the mountains are hardy.’ They walked out into a steep-sided valley with shallow caves where Maron could see fungi growing. So many unique kinds, different colours and shapes, one bore a resemblance to pale grass and another to a small palm tree. ‘The reservoir gives us dampness that helps the fungi grow. The mother showed us how to make pipes so the water goes to the city.’

People were harvesting the produce. Cool in the damp shade, Maron’s spirits lifted; she loved it here, and this gentle race. She felt safe with Drewsal. No passion would overcome his duty, the closest Maron had to a brother. It was as if he could read her mind for he smiled at her, as Maron imagined a close sibling might. She wondered how their social order worked but sensed this was not the time. Coming out of the valley, they saw animals, small goats, grazing on prickly plants on the side of the steep hills. Drewsal paused as they reached steps leading downwards.

‘Lady, I cannot go further. The priestess will be here soon.’ he let go of her arm and stood back.
Maron resisted an embarrassing urge to hug him and kiss him on the cheek. A middle-aged woman in a pristine white robe came up the steps.
‘Lady Maron, Lyleless, your priestess. She will guide you and look after you.’ Drewsal turned to go and Maron regretted he was leaving and had a sense of loss.
Lyleless was in awe of her. ‘May I take your hand, my Lady, the steps are steep.’ Her touch was cool.

The steep steps went downwards and turned a sharp corner. Then Maron gasped, for here was a cave room with a wide view over the landscape, from an open unglazed window. The furniture was different, reminiscent of the style on her home planet, different from the stone they normally used here. She realised the mother brought them because she’d seen no trees big enough to make furniture. A table and chairs, a comfortable couch and easy chair. In an adjoining room was a vast bed with a silk cover, and a waterfall running into a rock pool in the far wall.

‘Please Lady Maron,’ Lyleless pulled an embroidered curtain aside and showed her another chamber. The kind of bathroom you saw on Earth in a rich household. Garments too, made from sheer fabrics that crossed over at the front. Everything was familiar.
Lyleless waited by the door, Maron turned to her and smiled. ‘What a wonderful apartment, please leave me alone for a while.’ The sound of water combined with her pregnancy made her long to use the facilities.

There were toiletries too, written in English, and soft towels as in an excellent hotel. Maron longed for a shower and washed her hair. Then wondered if the rock pool was warm enough to lie in and get relief from the weight of the baby.

It was. When she got out Lyleless dried her with a towel, then rubbed lotion onto her body and face. She helped her into the soft pink dress hanging up in the bathroom. Maron looked in the mirror. She looked different in these clothes and yet familiar too. Maron was far from vain; her hair, now dry, shone like a raven’s wing, why had she never looked before? She was ashamed of her sudden vanity and laughed aloud as if to dismiss it.
Lyleless put food and drink on the table and Maron sat, and looked over the bright plain. She ate with gusto, and took her light wine back to the chair and finished it gazing at the view.

It was so peaceful here and she felt loved, not the love she shared with Jamie. The worry her strange upbringing harmed her wasn’t true. Her father shaped her. At last, she pardoned him for his obsessive care, and his relentless pushing to make her excel. She forgave herself for not loving Vindo enough and for her guilt about her rescue from doomed Earth.

Lyleless said very little but when Maron started to become sleepy, she knew and helped her into the bed. Then pulling the curtain she left her to sleep. Maron felt her heart burst with love and fell asleep thinking of Jamie.

Her dreams continued in the same vein; she met many unfamiliar people; smiling at her. One must be her grandmother, for she was exquisite, with golden hair and skin, and bright green eyes that looked at her with more love. She had a gentle touch and a musical voice. The dream faded, and Maron woke up with a jolt. It was nearly dark outside, it coloured the sky a deep red across the horizon. Her weariness gone, she pushed the bedding away, it was chilly now the sun had disappeared. So she pulled them up again, as she did she saw it. Something sparkled between her breasts, an enormous diamond in the shape of a teardrop. She pulled at it to take it off, but it hurt so she stopped.
‘Lyleless?’ she called out.

She tried to pull at it again but it was painful. She looked for Lyleless in the other rooms, but she’d gone. Maron went to the bathroom and gazed into the mirror again. It was still her, but in the failing light, she gave off a soft discernible glow, and her grey eyes flashed as storm clouds ready to throw out lightning.
‘Lyleless!’
Still no answer, so Maron found the pink dress and put it on, as she couldn’t find her own. She assumed Lyleless washed it. But, when she tried to close it, it was tighter as if her tummy grew bigger as she slept. She looked into the mirror again; she was larger.
‘Lyleless?’

Maron walked out and up the steps into the night.  There was a dark opening, she assumed it was the way she’d come. She needed Jamie, Lyleless, Drewsal anyone. She felt disorientated and wished she’d taken better notice of the way back when they came. It didn’t help there were no lights. She may fall over and lose the baby so she started back to her room, hoping Lyleless might return soon. She took two steps when her waters broke, and had her first contraction.

‘Jamie! Jamie! Please, someone, help me. Argh!’ Another contraction.
She must find her way to her friends, but the pain came again, and she sat on the floor. ‘Jamie?’
The baby was coming, and he was early. He was in a hurry. Maron couldn’t shout now.
‘Please Jamie,’ she sobbed, tears streaming.  Then she saw a light. It was Drewsal and Jamie.
‘The baby’s coming and it’s much too soon.’
‘Bring Siobhan,’ her husband said to Drewsal, he handed Jamie the light and moved off in the dark.
He held her hand and waited for Siobhan. Maron’s dress was open and Jamie saw a light flickering on and off between her breasts.
‘Maron, what’s that?’
‘I don’t know,’ she panted, ‘but I can’t get rid of it. Argh,’ she squeezed his hand tighter.

They heard running; it was Siobhan and Renee following Drewsal. Siobhan was breathing hard but was soon beside Maron. Opening up the heavy medical bag, she pulled out the scanner, then put on gloves.
‘He’s nearly here Maron, push hard.’

Maron cried with relief as Siobhan cut the cord and then he cried.
‘He looks full-term and perfect,’ she said in amazement. She handed him to his mother. Jamie cried too. Siobhan scanned the baby and Maron. ‘He’s not prem, he’s perfect, congratulations you two.’

Renee was in tears too, and Siobhan used to assisting at births, felt the same. Drewsal watched. ‘I don’t understand,’ he said at last, ‘where is Lyleless?’ 
He ran to the steps but there was nothing there. No Lyleless, no pool, no rooms –just a dead end as if they hadn’t finished the excavation.

Maron was in good health; the afterbirth came easily, and there was no excessive bleeding. Siobhan wasn’t taking chances, and although she protested at first she let the men carry her. Siobhan sent for Dr Beng. Maron’s stomach was back to normal–impossible. As Siobhan had previously, the doctor tried to remove the glittering crystal but Maron begged him to stop.

The baby found his mother’s nipple and was suckling. Both he and mother were well, and Siobhan and Dr Beng were puzzled. If Maron looked fit and healthy, Jamie was pale, if delighted.
‘You gave us a fright Maron,’ said Dr Beng as he scanned them, ‘Siobhan’s right you are both perfect.’
‘It was terrifying; alone in the dark, and my baby coming so early.’
‘You must have been pregnant before Jean removed your contra.’
‘No, she checked.’
‘Then why is your son full term? Jean’s scanner was faulty.’

Maron didn’t answer, just shrugged and moved her greedy son to her other breast. Dr Beng waited for Maron to finish breastfeeding before continuing his examination. Time ticked by, everyone but mother and baby felt as if they were in a motionless tableau, with the oil lamps casting a soft flattering light. Even the way Maron fed him worried the two medical staff; she looked as if she was familiar with the procedure.

Renee and Drewsal were outside in the corridor talking. When the baby finished Siobhan took out a nappy, Peter Beng brought with him and a thermal suit.

The doctor finished his examination; he was puzzled.
‘What’s wrong?’ asked Jamie. ‘What’s that diamond?’
‘Nothing’s wrong. Maron is as perfect as ever, back to normal, it’s just too fast.’
‘Can’t you get rid of that thing?’
‘I don’t recommend trying; it’s sent out microscopic filaments to every part of her body, it’s fused with her systems.’
‘Jamie please don’t worry,’ insisted Maron, ‘I’m sure it’s helping me recover from Robert’s birth.’
‘Robert? I didn’t think we’d decided.’
‘Do you mind?’
‘No. You must be tired; shall we leave you to sleep?’
‘I’m fine, but I’m hungry.’
‘I’ll ask Drewsal for something,’ he said, opening the curtain to find him.

‘Peter, what is the crystal?’ Maron whispered.
‘I don’t know, but you are correct. It’s sending out electrical impulses around your body, way off my scale. Even your milk isn’t the usual formula. There’s nothing wrong, you are even healthier than in your earlier scans. I can’t explain. Siobhan says the baby’s birth was easy too.’
‘Yes, I was trying to hold him in, terrified of giving birth alone in the dark.’

Renee came in, her face drawn and pale, Drewsal and Jamie followed.
‘Renee?’ Maron realised something had upset her friend.
‘Drewsal, tell Maron what you saw when you went downstairs to find Lyleless.’ Renee insisted.
‘Nothing, just a solid wall of rock.’
‘No it can’t be; there were three rooms, with a pool and a waterfall, a bathroom, and lovely views of the sunset. Where is Lyleless?’

‘No one remembers her being here before you came,’ he looked puzzled. ‘We met a few times in the corridors and she told me she was the Mother’s priestess. When I try to remember more, I can’t.’
‘It was my grandmother, Drewsal,’ said Maron in a matter-of-fact way. ‘Why did you come looking for me?’
‘Your husband insisted. He said you needed help, he was most adamant I take him to you.’
Jamie added. ‘Yes, I sensed you were in trouble.’
Renee turned to Jamie. ‘What’s going on Captain?’
‘Ask my wife Renee,’ he said, ‘her grandmother visited her disguised as a Calsto, made the baby come early, and gave her a diamond that fused with her body. Renee, I don’t understand, but I know one thing, as Maron says, we need to meet this Mother!’







Chapter 15


Jamie lay beside Maron and watched her lovely face as she slept, now and then he glanced at his son in the woven crib next to her. The child gave a mewing noise, Maron was soon awake and leant over to pick him up. Jamie realised he’d never been as happy, even when he’d got his first command. If only his mother could have seen this?

Dr Beng examined them the following morning, and Siobhan weighed the baby.
‘Robert’s over ten kilos, he’s gained weight. The scanner said nine at birth.’
Jamie looked worried. ‘What’s wrong?’
‘Robert is growing fast, and I can’t understand it,’ explained Beng. ‘He’s very healthy.’

When Maron was up, dressed and singing to Robert, Drewsal asked to be admitted.
‘Drewsal, look at my son.’
Drewsal came closer, Robert was awake, and focused as he peered at him.
‘I know little of babies Lady Maron but he is…’
‘Well developed? Yes, isn’t he? I’m not worried, I’ll let my husband and friends do that. Everything is fine.’

‘Lady Maron, the Eldest wants to see you. He sends apologies; he is an old man and is frail.’
‘I’ll come now, while everyone else is writing reports, or discussing what to write and what they must leave out. Why? There’s no Fleet to read them here.’

Maron had never seen a man as ancient as the high priest, Pharnacel. He had a few turfs of white hair and a pale silvery complexion. His eyes, hooded in folds, were barely visible and his skin looked too big for the frail, diminished body.
‘Welcome Lady Maron,’ his voice sounded weak.
‘I’m honoured to meet you, Pharnacel.’
‘I am sorry I could not visit you.’

‘No need,’ she sat on a stool and showed him the baby. ‘Tell me about my grandmother?’ Maron knew he’d met her.
He smiled for a moment, remembering her. ‘She was lovely, her features perfect. Come closer, my eyesight is poor. Yes, you have her looks and soothing voice, but your hair is dark as the night. Hers was golden as the midday sun, your skin pale, and hers bright. You are the evening and she the day. You honour us your son was born in our world.’
‘It’s peaceful here, and I feel at home…’
‘But you must go soon?’
‘Yes. Pharnacel, have you seen anything like this?’ she pointed to the crystal between her breasts. It twinkled as if it was listening.
‘She had a blue one as well; they sparkled like yours. I was a foolish man to fall in love with a goddess, and I wasn’t the only one. She treated us as her children, and when she left, it devastated me. She introduced me to my wife, saying we would be happy together. My love died a short time ago, and now she’s gone, I am weary. I won’t be here much longer; remember me to the Mother.’
‘Yes Pharnacel, I will.’
The old man’s eyelids drooped; he’d fallen asleep.

It was hard for Maron. She didn’t want to leave, and sad to say goodbye to Drewsal. They’d become friends. She understood he loved her as Pharnacel had loved her grandmother; a plutonic love but different from other companions; more intense. No physical relationship expected on either side, just deep, caring friendship. Robert looked two months old and was always hungry. He rarely cried and never in temper. Jamie came in and kissed their foreheads. He’d come back from meeting Pharnacel.
‘How is he?’ asked Maron.
‘Very frail, he is two thousand five hundred and six?’
‘Drewsal told me.’
‘He wants us to take Drewsal.’
‘I’d like that too. I find him soothing.’
‘Should I be jealous?’ Jamie smiled.
‘In a way I love him, but it’s nothing like how I love you but as a brother. What did you say?’
‘Yes, what else? We’ve enjoyed being here and I’ve got an idea one day we’ll need to assist these people.’
‘Yes, they’re vulnerable. Did Drewsal agree?’
‘He lives to serve you and the Mother. He’ll pass his books to his young acolyte and leave.’
‘May I make him Robert’s godfather? Neither of us follows a religion, but Drewsal’s ideas could help him.’
‘That’s fine.’

For once, the landing party was unhappy to return to the ship. The standard of technology astounded Drewsal.
‘Why did you agree to come, Drewsal?’ Asked Maron, sitting in one of the hydroponic bays, and putting her hungry son to her breast. As always, he looked away.
‘I wanted to be with you.’
‘I’m glad, we are meant to be friends.’
‘I thought your husband might refuse.’
‘Why?’ Drewsal shook his head. ‘I understood you are content to be my brother,’ Maron said, ‘if you require more than that I can’t give it to you. Do you still want to leave with us?’
‘I have always known I’d love you Lady Maron; just as my father and Pharnacel loved your grandmother. It is to be my fate, and I am pleased to be a friend to you and your husband.’
‘And Robert, I need you to show him those things my people have forgotten.’
‘What could we offer you?’
‘I sense an exceptional strength and purpose in you; your spirituality and gentle heart. You’ll help him grow, as he should. He’ll learn from his father to be a respected leader, and I’ll teach him science. You, Drewsal, will advise him how to be an honourable man.’
‘Yes,’ he agreed.

Maron knew although he longed to hold her; he’d never step over the lines they’d marked out. It was as if she could hear his thoughts. It was the same with Robert, and hadn’t she always read Jamie’s mind?
‘I hope we see my grandmother soon. I need to know who I am.’

Dr Beng replaced Maron’s contra. She and Jamie agreed to have their children at regular intervals to spend time with each child. They gave Drewsal Maron’s old quarters, and he helped with the boy. In between, he studied hard to learn what he could about his new friends and the other races in the system. It surprised Maron how fast he grasped the technology; his people might lead simple lives, but he was intelligent and could grasp even the most difficult of concepts.







Chapter 16


They passed Natlaap without revisiting and then moved on to Salume to determine how John Cross fared, and to check the communication buoys were still in position.

Aslan begged their forgiveness on screen and wanted to apologise to Maron.
‘Is he sincere, Jamie?’ she asked.
‘I don’t believe so; he’s not used to being knocked back. He is the Crown Prince, but if we refuse his sentiments, it won’t help our case when he is the King. To show we mean business, we’ll make sure you’re well-guarded.’

Maron went to the planet with the baby, Drewsal, Renee and an armed escort, and Jamie insisted she mustn’t be alone.
Aslan was there to meet their shuttle. Drewsal took his part seriously. It surprised her to sense her friend’s animosity to Aslan, and vice-versa.
He kissed her hand. He wasn’t sincere; he still wanted her. She heard his thoughts! If he couldn’t keep her, then at least he’d bed her; she was more beautiful than he remembered. Maron gasped and pulled away. She saw a flicker of anger in his eyes, and then he recovered.

They took them to the same apartments as last time and the increased surveillance staff searched for bugging devices.
‘I want security in here at all times,’ said Jamie, ‘so the spy cams we found can’t be replaced.’
‘Jamie, can I talk to you alone?’ asked Maron.

They moved into the bedroom.
‘Aslan intends to rape me,’ she declared.
‘How do you know this Maron?’
‘I picked up his thoughts.’ Silence. ‘Jamie, I listened to his mind!’
‘Yes Maron, I heard you,’ he said matter-of-factly.
‘I’ve always been emphatic; that first Karten match, I realised you wanted me as much as I did you. How many times have I known what you are thinking? Aslan’s father doesn’t know; no one does, only the men he’s paying to kidnap me.’
‘John Cross sensed something wasn’t right too. I don’t want you left alone. Renee is to go with you to the bathroom. No arguments Maron.’
‘Yes, I agree with you and as soon as we have this trade treaty signed we must leave. What about John?’
‘He’s content to stay; he doesn’t have a permanent girlfriend so they’ve given him a girl…’
‘Jamie!’
‘Don’t go feminist on me. He says she makes him happy?’
‘At least he’ll value her. What’s happening at the banquet tonight?’
‘You and Renee are staying here.’
‘Fine, what a relief.’ Maron heard Robert grizzle. ‘I’d better feed our son,’ she reached to kiss her husband.

Jamie and the other Earther’s were uneasy, even though everything was progressing well. He worried over Maron. If Aslan intended to use force to take her, they were outnumbered. However, he believed Maron when she said Aslan worked alone and the government wasn’t involved. It was obvious the King and the other ministers were keen on getting them as allies. They looked to the future, when hostile planets, similar to Natlaap, might expand their empires, and the Earther’s needed temporary help with food and other goods. The Salume would supply them without payment, but for the promise of military aid if they asked for it.

The formal banquet dragged on for hours. Then they had another meeting with the chief ministers and negotiators to complete the agreement. At last, it was over, the only hurdle left, signing the official document as soon as they’d prepared it. Jamie said goodbye to John Cross and knew he was happy with his now-wife.

Renee, Drewsal and Maron sat on the rug next to Robert. The boy was ready to crawl. It was far too early. Jamie silenced his misgivings. Maron had changed, and that must affect their son’s development too. He told himself it didn’t matter as long as they were both healthy, and they cared for him. He understood Drewsal loved Maron and refused to listen to a jealous voice warning him to be careful. She’d never betray him; she looked up and smiled as if agreeing with his thoughts. Their police were inside their apartments and the usual palace guard outside the door. The female officers tried not to be distracted by the giggling baby, and one sat watching his antics. She jumped up as Jamie approached.

‘Are you on duty?’ he asked her.
‘No, Sir.’
‘Then relax.’ He sounded curt.

Maron stood. ‘You look tired; those banquets are endless. Robert had his last feed for the night, he should be sleepy but he wants to play, he’ll fall asleep any minute.’
‘I’ll put him to bed,’ said Renee, ‘you two rest.’

Jamie wanted to make love, Maron responded, and he felt relieved.
‘You are wondering if I still care for you,’ Maron perceived his unsaid words.
‘I’m not.’
‘Yes, you are. How can you? You understand how much I cherish you, why these sudden doubts and at such a time?’
‘We’ve not discussed what’s happening. We try to ignore what happened to you and why Robert is growing so fast. The doctors can’t explain it, and who is this so-called grandmother. Why do the Calsto believe she’s a goddess, even though they’ve no specific religious beliefs? The Salume have no such stories.’
‘They must’ve been more self-reliant, so she never showed herself; it’s easier to deny it.’
‘As we are?’
‘As you are. What’s wrong; tell me?’
‘I’m scared I’ll lose you Maron, and there’s Drewsal.’
‘Drewsal?’
‘He worships you, and I don’t just mean the emotions he has for his goddess either.’
‘I know his sentiments for me, no need to worry. I’m aware he’ll be my greatest friend, after you. Jamie, I love you. I am fond of Drewsal but as a brother figure. I always wanted an older sibling, one clever enough so my father would stop driving me so hard.’
‘That too Maron; you’ve mentioned that your parent’s relationship was difficult, that he was jealous, and needed to control her.’
‘Yes he did, I was young, but I assumed that’s why she accepted the post on the early Explorer and her leaving me still hurts. I loved you the first time we spared at Karten and our eyes met, and I always will love you, please don’t doubt me.’

He left to sign the agreement. Soon after, the apartment was attacked. It happened fast; a flash of light and then smoke issued from a ball-shaped object. The guards collapsed. Robert was asleep in the bedroom, and Renee was unconscious. Drewsal too was lying on the floor between the rooms. Maron felt her body react to the gas, but only for a moment, and then she recovered. She sprinted through the thinning vapour to get her baby.
Hands grabbed for her; four black-clothed men in gas-masks entered. Furious, Maron shrugged off a hand. Pivoting, she hit him hard and he went down. Another two tried to grab hold of her; realising she was enjoying herself, she smiled, and fast as lightning kicked him where it hurt and then repeated the same move to the other one. They stumbled, and as they did Maron reached and pulled off both masks, and the vapour took care of them.
The fourth man was hesitant, Maron realised it was Aslan. How stupid, if he thought it’d be easy. Robert cooed in his cot unaffected by the smoke too.

Aslan’s hands grabbed her arms and a muffled voice said. ‘The mist is harmless, I’d never hurt you or your baby Maron.’
She turned to face him. ‘Aslan, you’d risk everything our people worked so hard for just to get me into your bed.’ She pushed him away.
‘Maron, I am the second richest and powerful man on Salume. I can afford any woman I crave; but, I choose one I can’t buy.’
‘You mean you demand what you can’t have. You are weak, Aslan.’
‘I will own you; your husband will die, and even if I’ve to keep you drugged and hide you. I’ll have you, Maron,’ he pulled out a gun.
‘You stupid bastard Aslan, drug me - your gas hasn’t affected me. If you’ve hurt my Jamie - I’ll tear you apart and feed you your liver.’ Maron knocked the weapon from his hand and struck him hard in the face before he could react.
He hit the wall ten feet away, slipped to the floor, and was unconscious. She grabbed Robert and rushed into the corridor.  ‘We’ve been attacked,’ she yelled to the hall patrols, they raced to help.
‘There is gas inside, please be careful. My husband is in danger, where is he?’

A guard responded. ‘This way.’
He went ahead. Still clutching Robert, Maron kept up even though the baby cried. There were guards outside the room.
‘Open up!’ the man leading Maron yelled at the soldiers. ‘Assassin!’
They opened the door and Maron ran inside. ‘Jamie,’ she shouted.
She saw a figure on the balcony. The doors were ajar, and a missile hurtled towards her husband. She moved as fast as lightning and grabbed it. It hurt as if her hand was on fire. There was pandemonium, guards running everywhere. The ministers hustled away. Maron discerned shouting; it sounded as if they’d captured the perpetrator. Maron sank to the floor, still clutching Robert in her other arm.

‘I’m so sorry. It scared me to leave him.’
Jamie took him from her. ‘I’ll get a medic.’

Hands lifted her onto a trolley and bound her hand in a cloth. The pain lessened.
‘I’m fine, I hope I didn’t kill him. It’d ruin everything.’ Someone was about to give her an injection. ‘No,’ she said. ‘Jamie, they are trying to stop me talking.’
The Salume doctor withdrew the hypodermic.

The shaken First Minister came.
‘Sir, Prince Aslan is in our quarters; he decided to kidnap me. He’s injured.’
The King appeared surrounded by guards. ‘I’m sorry, I had no choice, he claimed he’d kill my husband.’
The King and First Minister whispered together.
‘No,’ insisted Maron ‘there’s no misunderstanding.’ She could discern they planned excuses. ‘Aslan thought himself above the law and could have what he wanted including me, and worse he tried to assassinate my husband. That is unforgivable.’ Her stormy grey eyes flashed like lightning bolts, even Jamie felt afraid.

John Cross took the baby, as Jamie moved to Maron’s side.
‘Sir,’ he addressed the First Minister, ‘you and The King must get to safety; we need to see to the injured. We’ll apportion blame later.’
‘Yes Captain, I agree,’ the First Minister replied. ‘I can only apologise. We value your friendship.’ He looked at Maron as if puzzled. A woman overcoming a man was unheard of.
‘I’m fine,’ she added, watching his strange look. ‘Are they seeing to our friends and Aslan? I don’t wish him harm, but he answered my husband was to be killed, and I reacted.’
He bowed low, showing a curious lack of emotion. ‘Please won’t you let us treat your wound?’
‘There is no need.’
‘But we must.’
‘There is no need.’ She removed the cloth. Maron held up her hand, it was healed.
Everyone gasped, and Jamie gripped her tighter.

Aslan was badly injured and they feared he wouldn’t live. Maron had killed the first man; the others were to be executed.
Maron insisted on seeing the Prince, and when permission was granted went with Jamie. The King sat beside his son; he looked tired, worn, and old. A woman sat next to him and wept.  Aslan’s mother, they assumed, but no one introduced them. The King had other sons and daughters, but Aslan was his first-born. Kalam grieved, not only because of his child’s impending death but also for his failure as a father. Aslan knew how important the treaty with the Earther’s was; he might ruin their hard work.

Jamie stood back as Maron moved to Aslan’s side. He was on life support and his signs weak. She watched him dispassionately, a man who had such a sense of entitlement he’d take what he wanted. She placed her hand on his chest, the other on his head. Aslan’s mother screamed and tried to remove Maron’s hands, but the old King pulled her away and said. ‘Let her try.’ He sensed Maron meant no harm to his child but moved to stop her as she removed the tubes from his nose, mouth, and throat. She glanced at Kalam and smiled. He allowed her to help his son.

Maron closed her eyes and concentrated; she glowed like the inside of an oyster. Aslan took on the same glow, and his body twitched and then lay still, but instead of rasping breaths, his chest was moving. Maron looked tired, and then the strange light went out. She lifted her hands away and swayed. Jamie put his arm around her for support.
‘He will live,’ she insisted weakly, ‘but it’s up to him to finish his healing. With luck, he’ll wake up a better person, Kalam.’
No one on Salume ever dares address The King by his name. Aslan’s mother was still weeping as she reached for her son’s hand.
‘Thank you,’ the old man answered.
‘You will understand why,’ said Jamie, ‘as soon as we’ve signed the treaty, we wish to return to our ship and go home.’
Kalam nodded.

Maron leant on Jamie as he helped her walk back to their apartments. ‘Please Jamie insisted Maron, no questions. Because I’ve no answers; just my instinct we need the Mother.’







Chapter 17


She fell asleep feeding Robert. Jamie took his sleepy son and placed him in his cot, fastened Maron’s top and covered her with the sheet. She didn’t stir.

Renee asked to see him. ‘You need food and rest. I’ll stay with Maron.’
‘She’s fine, I’m staying in case she wakes. Would you bring something to eat, and if you know where the whisky is; I’d like a stiff drink.’
Renee smiled and left to search in the baggage.

Maron stood beside her husband as he and John Cross signed the Friendship 
Treaty. Explorer’s holds were rich in seed, cloth and other offerings of furniture and farming equipment. Grateful Kalam lavished presents on Maron for Aslan’s recovery. They covered up the scandal. Maron accepted that, and she kept the gifts too, knowing she’d share them. Despite the initial trouble with Aslan, after Maron saved his life the ties between them strengthened. Not out of political necessity, but friendship.
For the ceremony, she wore a gown, a present from the King. Maron liked it; it was deep purple at the hem, softening to pale lilac towards the top. She wore jewellery the Salume gave her. Jamie thought she looked queenly. Drewsal held a well-behaved Robert. His eyes shone with love too as he watched Maron. Jamie was jealous, although he’d never ask her again for confirmation of her love. He felt pity for his unlikely rival. Maron was his wife.

The messages from New York were promising. Maron helped Carlos and Renee finish their reports. Jamie didn’t mention Maron’s neglected stream research but Renee did. 
‘Not that Carlos and I aren’t grateful for your help. You have an organised mind, Maron. You’ve come up with much we’ve overlooked, but people want to get home. They are counting on you. Why have you ceased your investigation?’ Maron waited for someone to ask her and dreaded her answer. She studied Renee. They were alone apart from Drewsal, and a cooing Robert.
‘Maron?’ Renee insisted.
‘I can’t work it out.’
‘You said you had a theory at first but you dropped it. I know you; you never give up once you have an idea, never. So why quit now?’
‘The concept won’t work.’
‘You haven’t tried to get it to function.’
‘Renee, we need to make this place our home; at least in the short term.’
‘We do. But we must get back before the asteroid hits, we might help those in space or on Askari. They’ll run out of air and provisions. If you tell them in New York there’s no chance, there will be anarchy. Maron answer me.’

Only Jamie and Drewsal knew she saved Aslan from death. That and the impossible healing of her injured hand kept secret. John Cross did as Jamie asked, and understood it should remain hidden.
Drewsal had to speak. ‘Renee,’ he whispered, ‘if Maron says it won’t work then trust her, she has friends to grieve for as you do.’
Renee cried as her anger abated. ‘Oh Maron, I’m sorry.’ She got up from her seat.
‘Renee, you are pregnant,’ said Maron.
She sat again. ‘How do you know?’
‘It’s tiny and fighting to exist. Getting upset won’t help her.’
Maron stood, walked over to Renee, and kneeling beside her took hold of her hand. Maron glowed, and Renee felt warmth creeping throughout her body. ‘You must rest more, so she’ll have a better chance to survive. Let me take you to your quarters so you can recover, and I’ll find Carlos.’

Maron returned. Robert had fallen asleep on a thick play rug, and Drewsal sat waiting for her to return. ‘You are the granddaughter of the Mother, my Lady Maron.’
‘I’m frightened Drewsal,’ she conceded. ‘I’m changing, although I haven’t admitted that to anyone, even Jamie. It’s as if losing who I am, and I don’t want that.’
She looked so distressed that Drewsal held her in his arms.







Chapter 18


New York made good progress while Explorer was away. Crops grew, insignificant amounts, taken from hydroponics. The fields were close to the river to aid irrigation if rains weren’t enough, and other terrain prepared for the valuable seed from Salume.
Everyone had a gift from the holds filled with Salume goods. It was a week before Maron had time to go with Jean to see the site of her half-built house.

‘It’s perfect here,’ said an enthusiastic Maron.
‘Yes, but I haven’t just brought you here to enjoy the view. You’ve been avoiding me.’
‘Does it appear that way? I’m sorry.’
‘You are different Maron, Renee and I have discussed what happened on the trip, don’t get mad.’
‘I won’t.’
‘Why aren’t you working on the stream theory, Maron? Renee says you spent the last three months helping them.’
‘I’ve always been fascinated by anthropology.’
‘And I’m interested in late nineteenth-century art, but I don’t give up medicine to paint the same as Monet. And should we be concerned over this alien of yours?’
‘He’s not mine.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘He’s like a brother,’ insisted Maron.
‘No, it’s more than that; people are discussing it.’
‘Sit, and we’ll eat lunch, and we can have a rational conversation.’
Jean was breathless from the walk. She sat on a convenient rock.

When better she continued. ‘Drewsal’s medical profile is fascinating. He is three times stronger than a human, and his race lives for two thousand years on average. His father was getting on when he was born. As for himself, he is a fit “young man” and everyone can see he’s crazy about you, and no more crap regarding your grandmother. Attend your exam. Why keep avoiding it, and me.’
‘Got everything off your chest?’
Jean sighed and accepted a biscuit spread with an experimental soft cheese.
‘No, not yet. Maybe it’s my pregnancy. Why won’t you have the tests?’
‘I’ve changed. Since this,’ she pointed to between her breasts where her diamond flickered underneath her work suit. ‘Jean, I’m sorry, but as I explained to Renee, the streaming technology is a sham.  I’m upset wasting those years working on something that doesn’t exist as we expected. There’s another, easier, safer path, many have tried to theorise it. I’ve ideas forming, and soon I’ll be ready to start work on them. I still love Jamie, and Drewsal is my friend, not my lover, Jamie understands this. But I’m frightened I’m not just human. Worse, as Drewsal will, I’ll live longer and Jamie senses it too, and he’s glad he’ll be there for me as my friends die. As for the present, I need to find my grandmother to help the turmoil in my mind. I haven’t forgotten the people of Earth or the miners. The only way I can help anyone is by finding the Mother.’
Both women kept their silence as they enjoyed the view.

Maron and Jamie lived in a Salume supplied tent. Tent was a poor term for something that resembled a small circus pavilion. Few homes were finished, and these welcome structures enabled families to have more privacy away from the sheds. However, washing and eating were still a communal undertaking. Drewsal stayed with them as Robert’s guardian.
The couple’s bed was curtained off, but they waited until Drewsal was asleep before making love. Until he’d met Maron, it hadn’t mattered. He was an innocent as were most unmarried Chasol, not until man and wife did they have sex. Drewsal lay awake practising control over his unfamiliar feelings.

Robert was growing fast and Maron started him on the same pre-Karten games her father taught her. Drewsal learned too, and as she expected, they were both adept pupils.
The Salume supplied them with cement and other building materials. Jamie and Drewsal found a suitable place to build them a more permanent and private home.

They were discussing plans when Jean arrived, out of breath as usual with her pregnancy. ‘Here are the results from your tests Maron, it’s the only copy, and I repeated the last ones for your record.’
Jamie took it from her. ‘Well, Jean?’
‘Nothing I understand; the DNA’s similar; it’s still Maron, but there are changes and I can’t read them on the gene map. To be honest, before the diamond there were gaps in your genome. We missed them the first time, why we didn’t find them, or more likely someone changed them, whatever the reason they are here now.’
‘And?’ Jamie was insistent. Maron was silent.
‘Maron is not completely human. The proof you need that she could be the Mother’s granddaughter. I believe the Blowery had something to do with changing Maron’s medical records, it’s the only rational answer.’
‘I didn’t see her before Explorer.’ Maron said nervously, now she had evidence, and yet no answers.
‘Where are our manners?’ asked Jamie. ‘Sit Jean, you look worn out.’
‘Spooked, more likely. Do what you will with the information; there are no copies and I don’t believe it wise to make it known, not even to those you trust.’
‘Does anyone else know?’ asked Maron.
‘No, I’ve covered up well.’
Maron sat close to her friend. ‘I’m not finding it easy either but it explains things that once didn’t make sense.’ No one but Jamie and Drewsal understood she could read minds, and without words, they kept that quiet too.
‘Yes, it does,’ agreed Jean, ‘if you weren’t this Blowery’s granddaughter, the rest of us wouldn’t be here but on Earth.’

The results helped, but there were unanswered questions. They started building their home close to Jean and Jim’s almost ready house.
Maron smiled to see elegant Jamie Macdonald and the aesthetic Drewsal in dirty clothes. She sat on a rock and breast-fed her baby, he was weaned, but he liked to suckle, convincing Maron her milk helped him develop. She saw the crystal blinking and knew she was right. He was a strong and well-developed child and alert, but as yet he hadn’t spoken. Jean said there was nothing wrong, but Jamie worried.

Her husband was a powerful man, but Drewsal lifted the sacks of cement as if they contained straw.
‘A little help might be nice,’ shouted Jamie, struggling to box up the foundations on his own.
‘I don’t want to end up as dirty as you two,’ she called back.
‘You’ve got on your old clothes, stop making excuses; spare gloves are over by the mixer.’
She laid Robert on a rug under a tree and he soon slept, so she went to help. She’d always been a strong woman. However, when she grabbed at a bag of cement onto a trolley to take it to Drewsal, instead of sliding it she lifted it as effortlessly as he did. Both men stopped. Drewsal gave a faint smile, but Jamie looked shocked until he recovered and made a joke of it.
‘Well, aren’t I one lucky man. I’ve got Hercules and Superwoman helping me, at this rate we’ll lay the foundation today.’
They did.
‘You need a massage Jamie,’ yelled out Maron, as he had trouble straightening.

Every week there was an officer’s meeting. Don usually chaired it but he passed the job back to his Captain. This was the second assembly, and everyone had read the reports from the visits to Salume and the two other worlds. Unlike Explorer, there were no closed doors and most of its inhabitants came to listen and contribute to the discussions. After they had discussed the agenda, the floor was open to ask questions.

A young crewmember sat behind Maron stood to ask a question. ‘When is Explorer going to visit the other eight planets?’
Pregnant Amy didn’t want to leave New York, and Jamie agreed he’d take the next journey too.  He answered. ‘As soon as I’ve built my house, and my wife will stay while I’m away.’
Maron was upset, she knew he would be going and the voyage to be a long one, but he’d not mentioned he’d leave her here, and not when they were going to visit the planet where her mother disappeared. Robert wriggled off his mother’s knee and toddled to his father. Drewsal jumped up after him. Maron decided six months without a husband was too long, and Drewsal must have his own home.

Then the question she dreaded. It came from Cecile, the French physicist. ‘There are concerns over your child, Captain.’ Jamie’s face hardened. ‘We understand Mrs Macdonald’s pregnancy was short, and your new son is the size of a two-year-old, and he grows bigger before our eyes…’
There was a general murmuring.
‘Why is the boy so well-developed?’ Asked a voice from the back of the hall. ‘Will it happen to our children too, could they die early? We need answers.’
Jamie stood, but Jean was there first. ‘There is nothing unusual with your pregnancies; all are developing as they should. Maron’s is different…’
The murmuring got louder.
‘Yes, it’s her fault we are here,’ said Cecile, with a venomous glance at Maron.

Jamie had to tell the truth no matter where it led. ‘No! It’s thanks to her we aren’t on Earth waiting to die. This undertaking was to save her, not us. My wife had to live, and she wasn’t just taken from her home, but to safety with those she grew to love. We understand the asteroid is close now. Remember we are here because of her. Would you prefer to be back on our home planet with everyone else? Frightened, and hopeless. Or safe here, because of Maron’s families’ interference.’

Maron must tell them what she knew, but she was reluctant. She stood and turned around to face the crowd.
‘I am half-human,’ her voice was powerful yet sweet. ‘My alien genes re-surged after this,’ she opened her top, and as modestly as possible showed everyone her flickering crystal. ‘This diamond has connected itself to every part of my body, helping to control its functions and enhancing them.’ She sensed their anxiety, the alarm humans had for what they didn’t understand, fear of her and her son, and even kind Drewsal. Cecile used her hatred of Maron to good advantage. ‘I am here to help, not harm you. I am still human.’
‘And what else?’ screamed Cecile.
‘I am waiting for my family to liaise with me,’ Maron faltered.
Drewsal spoke. ‘She is a goddess,’ he shouted.  Laughter, sniggers, more laughter. ‘The granddaughter of another goddess, one who saves those in danger. She saved us, and the Salume and Natlaap, and those other people you wish to contact. You are honoured because here is the Mother’s progeny.’

Maron sobbed, not for herself but her Earth so far away, for the Asteroid had hit. It was reduced in size after they tried to destroy it, but still large enough to do terrible damage. Jamie walked over and looked into her eyes, and they held each other tight. Maron prayed for Vindo and his family, hoping they might survive.
The next few moments most guessed what happened before Jamie confirmed it.
Everyone left, only Jean, Jim and Don remained with the Macdonalds. Drewsal took Robert aside to play.

‘We knew it was due to happen,’ said Jean, ‘but now we grieve again. How did you surmise that Maron?’
‘I felt their terror just before it struck.’

No one spoke; how did she know? Earth was many light-years away, didn’t relativity mean, it had happened in a time long ago or not yet? No one yet understood what stream travel meant to time. It confused them; they used different theories as to the level of their mathematics, some refused to believe it. They walked out gathering in groups outside the building.

Maron felt better after everyone left. Their emotions and thoughts affected her, and she found it unpleasant
‘How many lived I wonder?’ asked Jim aloud, his face ashen.
The asteroid was huge. Maron saw it in her mind. It was a tenth the size of Earth’s moon. If they were on the opposite side of the world and deep underground, they might survive, but Maron doubted it. The devastation was immense.
‘I wonder where it hit?’ asked Don.
‘India,’ replied Maron. ‘I am so sorry that I can’t get you home to find survivors, and bring back the miners from Askari.’
‘What I don’t understand is, if your grandmother, the Blowery, can do this? Why not just change the asteroid’s trajectory?’ Don was angry.
Drewsal spoke for the Mother. ‘She, the Kind Mother, told us, she should not interfere. It is against the laws of her people to do this for the child races. Nevertheless, she is full of compassion and hoped that a few lives rescued wouldn’t be noticed. She did it for herself, as much as for those she saved.

Silence, but everyone felt Drewsal’s deep conviction.
Jamie broke it. ‘Do you think we are in for trouble Don? We’ve not been back long. But if our nasty French madam is an example, then the odds are we’ll have problems.’
‘Yes, we’ve been monitoring her friends.  Most are still loyal to you. Fleet and Security too, they are used to the hierarchy, they can win an open fight.’
‘What are you saying, you’ll shoot them?’ Jean was aghast.
‘I hope it won’t come to that,’ said Don. ‘There can’t be many rebels. Unlike Cecile, who we know dislikes Maron for whatever reason, probably because Maron is popular.’
‘Thanks, Don, but that was before I admitted I wasn’t human, they may change their minds now.’
‘I must find Amy, she’ll be devastated.’
‘I saw her leave with Clara Faille,’ said Jean. ‘Clara was hysterical, and she was trying to calm her.’
‘Typical Amy,’ said Don, ‘I’m a lucky guy. Others appreciate her too. Jamie, I agree, we have to take this seriously. If we don’t, the feelings of grief, anger and confusion will cause dissent, and we need everyone to pull together to survive. I’ll come tomorrow morning at “Sheikh’s tent”, I’ll bring breakfast. Jean, Jim - see you there. I’ll contact Carlos and Renee.’

‘I’ve distilled rough whisky. If we mix it into the strange beer I’ve made from one of the grasses here, it might taste alright,’ said Jim. ‘I need a drink.’
‘I’ve something better,’ said Jean, ‘A bottle of the real stuff hidden in the baby clothes. I saved it for a party, but this is a “medicinal” time. Get it, Jim, will you? It’s in the chest. We are inviting ourselves over - do you mind? I want company now.’
‘No Jean, it’s an excellent idea,’ agreed Jamie, ‘a wake for Earth. I’ve got a bottle and a bit too.’

The whisky didn’t help much. Jean had two small ones and fell asleep. Maron woke her up and laid her on their bed.

‘She pretends she’s tough,’ Jim looked sad, ‘she has to be in her job, but she’s a big softie.’
‘I know Jim,’ agreed Maron, ‘and she’s been a wonderful friend to me.’
‘We never planned to have children.’
‘She told me.’
‘But being stuck here has changed everything. I’m looking forward to having a family now,’ he paused and added, ‘part of Earth will start again here. I’m sorry for those hardworking kids on Askari. They’ll know what happened, but with no supplies, it will be tough? My sister’s kid is there. He said he wanted to get money behind him before he joined Fleet. Bright boy. There may be none of his generation left.
‘The rich and powerful will be the ones in space ships, the least desirable might survive,’ said Maron angrily.
‘So Jamie Macdonald married a rebel too, no wonder you and Jean are so close. Have you heard from Renee, Maron?’
‘She’s well Jim. They’ll visit soon.’

Maron accepted another whisky from Drewsal. He hadn’t been born when his people left their original world, but he was aware of the grief his father and contemporaries suffered.
‘She changed the subject. ‘Jamie, I’m not staying behind without you for five maybe six months, besides I need to visit Bathron where my mum disappeared.’
‘Maron, I don’t want to go by myself. Don’s doing an excellent job, and I need you to stay here and help if there’s any trouble. So don’t think I’m trying to mollycoddle you?’
‘A domestic eh, we should leave,’ said Jim.
‘No, stay and talk to my wife will you?’
‘I’m on her side Jamie boy, six months is too long to be apart besides…’ he looked over at Drewsal who was pouring Jim another whisky.
‘Jim don’t you start.’ Maron shouted out. ‘Haven’t I had enough with that French madam?’
‘Yes, she’s a vicious piece,’ the whisky was getting hold of Jim, and he wasn’t holding back. ‘You know what? I’ve got a great French engineer who hasn’t a permanent relationship yet. When I suggested to Emile, a few weeks ago, he might want to give her one to calm her.’ Jim giggled.’ In his Gallic way, he swore and then said in English, that a Frenchman reserves his excellent skills for a beautiful woman who’d appreciate them.  And, that she prefers ladies over men. Astute man, Emile.’
‘Cecile a lesbian, I don’t believe it,’ said Maron, ‘besides, she had the hots for Jamie, that was the chief reason she was so bitchy to me.’
‘Jamie, or his status?’
‘It never mattered to me, so I never thought about it, we have a few different genders on board.’ Jamie was right, Fleet/Corp were still prejudiced, but if they got through no one worried.
‘You know Frankie Smith, Jamie, the best fitter anywhere, well she was there when we were talking and we both looked at her, and she said, “No way! I’m not that hard up for partners.”’
Jamie mused over a valid point. ‘I wonder why the Blowery chose single-sex couples? We are building a new colony.’
‘Jamie haven’t you heard of artificial insemination and various other medical procedures?’ said Maron. ‘You sound archaic.’
‘I’m not.’
‘The Blowery didn’t want the prejudices of our forefathers, and that’s why we have other sexes amongst us.’
‘Astute your wife.’ Jim was beaming, the whisky doing its job and numbing the pain.

Maron matched the men glass for glass but was sober. Her thoughts were on Earth and Vindo. She wasn’t kind to him, and now she couldn’t say sorry, and would always feel guilty. Jamie and Jim were getting morose. At Jim’s ask, Drewsal had gone to get Jim’s homebrew. It was disgusting, but it still hit the spot. Maron and Drewsal watched as her husband and his friend became happy, argumentative, and sad. Jim fell asleep, and Jamie soon afterwards.

‘Shall I put them in our beds?’ Drewsal asked.
‘Where’d we sleep? We’ll cover them up where they are.’ She kissed her husband’s forehead. Then he snored, so did Jim. She doubted anyone would get any sleep.






Chapter 19 


Next morning they needed Jean’s ministrations to get over hangovers. Don came with Amy, her face swollen with crying. Maron hugged her, but it started her off again. Jean and Maron sat with her and let her talk. Amy admitted she’d loved her mother, but not her father; he’d hurt them with his public indiscretions. ‘I’ll miss mum and Clive; my baby brother, but not Paul, he’s the eldest and as selfish as dad. Knowing him, he’d leave mum behind, and take his latest floozy on a ship and escape.’

Renee joined them. Jean cried out. ‘Hey Renee, you are to rest until we tell you differently.’
‘Oh Jean, right now I need my friends.’

Don, Jim, and Jamie acknowledged potential security breaches while the women discussed the loss of loved ones. Maron slipped outside to get fresh air away from the misery. Drewsal and Robert were playing soccer on the grass. Jamie taught them and it was proving popular.

She looked down the hill. Maron was alienated as if she didn’t belong here, the same experience as on Earth too. It depressed her; it was the same feeling, as when told her mother wasn’t coming back. She’d not felt as awful when her father died, although she understood she’d loved him, and she cared for Vindo more than she’d admitted. She turned as she sensed Drewsal carrying Robert. The boy reached for his mother’s breast.
‘No little man, you are too old for this.’
‘He’s still a baby; it makes him secure, he can discern how upset you are.’
‘Yes, he does. Ok, but darling, you will have to stop this soon.’ she took him and opened her top.
She believed she’d weaned him and her milk was gone, but no. Drewsal sat next to her and as always looked away.

‘I can’t let Jamie leave us here for six months. I’ve thought to ask you to look after Robert, but I don’t think I can part with him. What should I do?’
‘Go with your husband and take Robert. I will stay here and finish building your home and mine.’ Their eyes met in understanding. ‘I will help your friends if any danger arises.’

‘There will be trouble. It’s spoiling everything, even this view. On Earth, they’d be held as enemies of the state and executed. We don’t want to start that way. We didn’t like our government, but if we don’t take a stand, and have law and order, we will struggle to survive. What should we do?’
‘I cannot help; my race is gentle and happy. We never had your problems because all we understood was our simple monastery. A place of contemplation, and learning. Many of your people share your beliefs and so follow your husband.’
‘I need to see my grandmother Drewsal. When will she come? I’ve begged her for months.’
‘She hears your prayers.’

That afternoon Maron accompanied Jamie and Don to the headquarters in the shed used for administration. Colonel Chan was Fleet trained, and beyond reproach and fourth in command after Jamie, Don and Indira. He’d been Jamie’s Chief Security officer for years, and they trusted each other. A by the book man, but when they were alone, they called each other by their first names.
Hien Chan took them into his office and pointed to the screen. ‘I’ve had an eye on her, even on the ship. I can sniff out a potential troublemaker before they know it themselves.’ He went through pictures of Cecile and her co-conspirators. ‘She’s currently sleeping with a younger systems engineer Viet. He’s bitter because he lost out on a position he wanted while on Explorer. There are another eight of them they call themselves “La Monde Normal”.
‘Sane world? I doubt that,’ said Maron.
‘Yes, Dr Macdonald, they’re the opposite. The good news is that madam isn’t popular, but like most of her kind, she knows how to feed on their insecurities. There has been friction between her, and Viet because he’s bored, and has his eyes on a younger woman for a more lasting relationship, she’s strictly Fleet, no problem.’
‘Hien Chan, my friend, you’re a bloody marvel,’ said Jamie.
‘I am,’ he smiled.
‘What shall we do, should we lock her up,’ asked Don?
‘We could, it’s in the regs, but is it wise,’ suggested Hien Chan?
‘No, I’ve got a better idea,’ said Maron. ‘Why not let Ravi assess her?’
‘No, Dr. Macdonald,’ the Colonel disagreed. ‘She’s far too clever to get caught.’
‘We should try, if we show her up for what she is, and let them see her true character they won’t listen to her.’
‘And if we lock her up after the assessment, we may turn people to her side. If we single her out; this will happen.’ Hien Chan still disagreed.
‘Jamie, Don?’ Maron looked for someone to agree with her.
‘My wife has that look, I say let’s try, make out its usual policy. We can take others too at random, so it appears we’re not targeting her or them.’
‘Fine, we’ll do it your way,’ but Hien Chan was convinced Cecile wouldn’t break.







Chapter 20


Ravi was incorruptible, but he had the settlements best interests at heart so he agreed, and as suggested interviewed several others before Cecile. She believed it was her regular psych assessment, and confident she’d pass. Ravi started with the usual queries to which she gave the stock answers until he reached the questions regarding hierarchy. Her face changed for a moment.
‘So Cecile,’ reiterated Ravi, ‘have you any concerns with those in authority?’
‘No one,’ she replied, but Ravi was a professional and realised she lied.
‘Everyone wishes a work colleague was elsewhere,’ said Ravi, smiling. ‘We’ve our favourites we can relate to, and yet others we can’t stand.’
Cecile struggled. ‘Only that bitch!’ she blurted out. She looked surprised.
‘Bitch?’ asked Ravi.
‘Maron Macdonald. The Captain's so-called charming wife. Beautiful? Pah, she doesn’t even bother with face enhancements. Her grooming is appalling, and her lover? That supercilious alien. Whose child is it, not Jamie Macdonalds, I bet? She’s a witch. They should investigate them both,’ she narrowed her eyes. ‘Those people cause terrible catastrophes; how do we know anything’s wrong with Earth? She brings us here to play at being queen.’ Cecile was spitting with fury. ‘She should burn at the stake, her and her fancy man, and her freakish son, burnt, and her precious Captain. And every bloody Fleeter; so fucking superior aren’t they? I’m a triple-certified physicist, but Maron fucking Macdonald is the high priestess of science, foul bitch!’ Cecile’s body twitched and shook. ‘No, No,’ she screamed and banged the table, her eyes wild. ‘NO!’ she kept screaming as security guards came in to help.

She fought like a mad creature, even Ravi looked shocked, and he went to his cupboard and found the right drug to sedate her. She struggled for a while before going limp.

‘Christ,’ said Don, they watched from Hien Chan’s office.
‘She’s unwell,’ said Maron.
‘Are you alright darling,’ said Jamie, ‘you’ve gone white. She said awful things.’
‘No, I’m not.’ Don brought over a chair. Jamie made her drink water. ‘I’m fine, I sensed her animosity.’

Jean rushed in without knocking. ‘What’s happened? Ravi’s babbling, saying we missed something with Cecile’s psychological health.’
‘Watch this,’ said Jamie and ran the incident again.
‘Good God, he’s right, we missed her illness, and so did Fleet’s original assessment, and they don’t make mistakes they tell us. She shouldn’t be on Explorer.’

Maron’s colour returned and Jamie took her to their tent.
‘I won’t be long, but we must decide what to do next.’

Drewsal came in after he’d left. ‘You succeeded.’ He looked sad.
‘Yes I did.’ Then they conversed silently; they’d never communicated this way for it was too familiar, and they needed to avoid secrets, but the rules had changed.
No one realises, Maron, that you are a telepath, as I am. Until now, you’ve been reluctant to use your skills.
Drewsal, you had years to get used to it. We are too close to each other. I still feel awful I made her say those things.
Why you only let out her actual thoughts.
I know, and she planned to kill most of Fleet.

Three days later, Cecile was discovered at the bottom of a cliff. She’d escaped from her security cell, and at the inquest, no one could say how. But, many had seen her racing up the hill behind the sheds screaming witches and demons before running straight over the edge.

The other eight conspirators denied any connection.  However, Colonel Chan was a careful man.







Chapter 21


Maron dreaded leaving, not just Drewsal but her special friends too. Because of her pregnancy, Renee and Carlos stayed in New York.

She watched Drewsal’s figure fade as the shuttle took off. He was the only one who understood how powerful her mind had become. She longed to tell Jamie everything, but he was finding it difficult with the changes he saw, not the ones he couldn’t. As for Robert, Maron still hadn’t attempted communication, although she suspected Drewsal had. The boy missed his friend, as if he knew he’d not see him for a while, and was more demanding of his parents. Maron could only work when he slept. She wished her father were here to help. She’d started research into a new two-point idea of space travel, but looking after Robert made it hard to concentrate.

Jamie was busy comparing the previous Explorer data on the next worlds they were to visit. They were mapped and probed. The anthropologists were junior, and it was with reluctance that Jamie agreed to let Maron help them. The Fleet cartographer was inexperienced, as they needed the senior man on New Earth to oversee the topology there. Young and often brash, he wavered between the terror of failure and worse Jamie. His insufferable cockiness was a front, and at the department meeting, faltered under the Captain’s exasperated stare. Maron, who’d been helping, finished the report. She added important information he’d left out.

‘So in summary; there are no useful minerals in any workable quantities. The climate is harsh apart from around the equator,’ Maron pointed at the prepared holographic maps in the centre of the table. ‘No towns of any size or permanent buildings. It’s a hunter-gatherer culture. And, unlike most of the peoples in this sector, they are not as similar to us genetically. Although classed as a hominid. From the earlier Explorer reports, we know the name they gave their planet means, “Sky no fear”, which is interesting taking how they arrived here.’

‘Thank you, Doctor; excellent summary and good work everyone. So we agree to no contact at present. Dismissed. Maron, you and Lieutenant Sidney stay behind please?’ She nodded, Sidney squirmed.
Jamie turned to him. ‘My wife insists you are competent, Sidney.’
‘Yes, Sir,’ he tried to sound more confident than he felt.
‘He is Captain,’ Maron came to his aid. ‘He has little experience in the field, theory wise he’s knowledgeable. On the next planet, he won’t need my help.’
‘Is that so Sidney?’
‘Yes, Sir.’
‘I don’t want my wife following you on worlds, because you can’t put up an echo trog. Am I clear, Lieutenant?’
‘Yes, Sir.’
‘You can always ask me if you want another point of view.’ Maron smiled at the Lieutenant and glared at her husband.
‘Dismissed!’
Sidney almost ran out.

‘He’s doing fine, you frighten him to death. He finished top of his class at the academy. Despite his brashness, he’s shy, and his primary subject is astronomy, not topology.’
‘In a part of space, we don’t recognise? You aren’t an anthropologist nor a cartographer, why are you more proficient than those trained in the subjects.’
‘I’m analytical. Besides, I love anthropology. Sidney also works with the team on the new Astro maps in his spare time. For god’s sake, Jamie give him a chance.’
‘We are arguing Maron.’
‘We are.’
‘I’m not keen on you going with the survey teams after Salume and Natlaap…’
‘I imagined that was the reason for your bad temper.’
‘Friends again?’
‘Yes, but please be kind to the junior officers. A third of the people on this trip are doing jobs on not their primary subjects. Most are as young as Sidney.’
‘Fine, I’ll take the criticism, you have the Captain’s permission to tell him if he’s terrorising the younger crew members, but not in public.’
‘I will, and I recommend a Karten match at the end of your shift.’
‘Don’t pretend to lose again?’
‘I’m not!’
‘Liar. Maron, I know you’ve had little time, but are there any developments with the ideas for the engine ignition, you suggested?’
‘I need help, it’s hard to manage Robert without Drewsel, I can’t waste another crew member to look after him, they’ve got too much to do as it is. Everyone is busy with keeping everything going, or working on more than one subject.’
‘We can’t land Explorer if we can’t get her up again?’
‘Explorer will eventually degrade and end up god knows where, if we don’t land her on New Earth in the future. More importantly, we need more ships and for that, we must build a space station dock too’
‘I agree with you. What are you looking for?’
‘Not only find the raw materials for new batteries but an ignition system too. It’s as if something is blocking my thoughts and I can’t get any further. Once I work out how we can use the same power in the settlements. A lot of energy for little outlay. A gyro too, I think that’s the way to keep the energy moving as if they are travelling and so they constantly recharge. The Blowery gave me clues, but it’s a hell of an idea without all the tech we had on Earth. Once we’ve power for Explorer ad infinitum, we can build more ships.’ Maron changed the subject. ‘Jamie, we must find my grandmother because she has the answers and a gyro.’
‘Could we downsize the engine for a shuttle too?’
‘Yes, but the first shuttles should be larger than the ones we currently have.’
‘You are too smart for the rest of us,’ said Jamie. ‘I wonder if Robert will be the same?’
‘You worry because he’s said nothing yet. He’s fine Jamie, he doesn’t say much because he’s busy listening.

Parkelis might lack in raw materials, but Maron decided its people made progress. She thought data from the previous visit was interesting. They were gentle people at the start of their first agricultural revolution. When they had more time, she’d return with Drewsal. He’d enjoy it here, and they were similar in shape, if smaller than her friend.

After a few weeks, they arrived at their next destination. But this was more than disappointing. A terrifying example of what might be New York’s fate if they didn’t find answers to fuel problems. The human-like inhabitants were feral and nearly wiped themselves out. On Santhanan, there were plenty of minerals, even game and fish for use back on New Earth. After the primary survey, they held the customary officers meeting.
‘So, in summary,’ suggested Jamie, ‘we bring shuttles here and use basic mining methods, and we’ll get necessary materials.’
‘No,’ said Maron, ‘it’s not our world to use.’

Everyone was shocked into silence but Jamie. ‘We need those materials, and bamboo forests and other wood too, for fences, buildings…’
‘No!’ Insisted Maron, her eyes flashing. ‘Seeds, and some animal life for breeding only.’
‘Why not? There are only five hundred inhabitants left.’ Jamie was angry.
‘Four hundred and ninety-six,’ corrected Maron. ‘They’ve learnt from their mistakes, and will survive and prosper, but they will need those raw materials.’ Everyone stared at her. ‘It’s the Mother’s will.’

Jamie was furious after her comment.
‘Dismissed! But not you, Dr Macdonald or you, Commander Ravisanderava.’ He drummed his fingers on the desk as the others left. ‘What the hell are you saying? The Mother says no, so we bend our knees to an imaginary Mother Earth figure,’ he shouted.
‘She not imaginary; she brought us here,’ said Maron.

Commander Ravisanderava was unsure how to comment, an angry Jamie Macdonald was frightening. Don and Jim were the only ones not scared to shout back. Jamie tried to calm.
‘Maron, we need raw materials. The world your “Mother” stranded us on has few resources. Salume doesn’t have much to spare, and Natlaap’s worse. We’ve agreed to leave the Calsto alone…’

Maron turned on the holograph again. ‘There,’ she pointed. ‘First Explorer  probed this small outer planet because the air is poisonous they didn’t land, but its stratosphere shows it’s rich in minerals, we could use the atmosphere too.’
‘There hasn’t been a proper survey so you are only guessing what’s there.’ Jamie still looked angry.
‘Sir, Dr Macdonald might be right.’ Jamie looked at Indira, but she held his gaze. ‘The indicators suggest as Maron says. It’s worth a visit.’
‘Are you an expert in everything Maron? Very well, I’ll instruct a course change.’

The planet didn’t look inviting. Maron did the initial scans, and her report was as thorough as usual. ‘We need Class 1 respirators, not full suits. The probe I sent showed the surface temperature was above normal for its orbit. Even though the core is cold and stable, and the gravity is heavier than expected, because of the ore content, but lower than Earth. We should do this now. The holds are empty.’
‘Yes,’ agreed Jamie, ‘but you forget, we left most of the geologists and experts back in New York, and most of the equipment.’
‘We have apparatus. We don’t need to dig far because it looks as if there are chunks of what’s needed sitting on the surface. We’ll stay away from dangerous elements, and send the mining engineers to extract them.’

It wasn’t only Jamie who was finding Maron’s capabilities overpowering. He left the organising to her, and when she was ready piloted the shuttle. The ride to the surface was bumpy in the upper atmosphere but improved as they neared the ground. It was foul, thick air, but what they picked up or dug was loaded into skimmers. Maron didn’t hide her strength, and this speeded filling the containers. After they’d filled every crate, they had a useful quantity of rare raw materials, but Maron hadn’t finished. She left indicators where the dangerous ores were situated, for a later more thorough mining visit.
The next day she went again with members of the engineering team. They syphoned the gas in suitable cylinders.

Jamie was angry. ‘That gas could have killed you.’
‘It’s stored in a safe lab, I’ll use a bot to do the work. I need those gas particles. It’s important, Abdul and Leo understood the risks, and they’re engineers.’
‘Maron! Why are we always arguing?’ He slumped over his desk, head in hands.
‘Maybe because I’m not Fleet and used to working on my own. I’m sorry Jamie, but I realised you wouldn’t let me do it and told Abdul and Leo I’d permission. I can’t keep waiting for the ship’s hierarchy to give leave to do something; we don’t have time. Can we discuss this later, Robert will wonder where I am.’
‘Wait a moment Maron, do you still love me? We hardly talk to each other and make love even less.’

Did she love him? True, they’d been too busy to sleep together as often as before. Then she imagined life without him, and it answered her questions. She moved back from the door and sat opposite.
‘You’re right, we need time as a family. Why not give Indira command for a few days, and I’ll resist the urge to start on new ideas? Robert, you and I’ll pretend we are in our new house and because there is six foot of snow outside we have to stay indoors and watch old movies. I’ll get food too. I’ll scrounge it, but you cook it.’

While Jamie advised his second, the ship was hers until he returned to duty and he was only to be disturbed in an extreme emergency. Maron came with an enormous bag of goodies given to her by the kitchen staff. She told Robert’s minder to take a well-earned rest, and with her son toddling after her, walked into the bedroom to find something else to wear other than her usual practical work clothes.

‘Maron.’
Maron turned. A woman stood by the window, tall and beautiful with golden hair and skin, and flashing deep green eyes. She too had a diamond between her breasts and a blue one, lower in her navel; her suit cut to show them. It had to be the Blowery in her authentic form.
‘Grandmother?’
‘Yes, my dear Maron,’ she held out her arms and Maron ran to her sobbing. 
Tears of relief, she sensed her spirits lift. They sat on the bed holding hands without communicating, and Robert climbed into the Blowery’s lap.
‘Hello, little one. Robert and I know each other. Your husband worries over his lack of speech. My fault, Robert means well, but he’s still a baby. Say hello to your mummy, Robert.’
He smiled and said. ‘Hello, mummy.’
Maron hugged him and her tears pricked again. ‘I’ve so much to ask you, grandmother.’
‘I know, I’ve been waiting for the right time and it’s now. You’ve done so much. I am proud of you, and you need a break so I’ll take you home for a while.’
‘My mother’s still alive, isn’t she?’
‘Yes, and she’s desperate to make it up to you and to explain why she left. She understood it wasn’t to be forever, but it’s hard for her.  I’ll let her tell you herself. Your husband is coming. Hurry, put on the blue dress, it’s his favourite.’

As Maron finished dressing, she heard the outer door open. She ran out. Jamie had flowers in his hands and Maron rushed into his arms. ‘Hey watch out, these are precious.’
‘I know and thank you. I’ve got something to tell you, it’s important. She’s here, my grandmother is here.’
On cue, Doella came out of their bedroom holding onto Robert’s hand. He let go when he saw his father and ran to him yelling. ‘Daddy, daddy!’
Jamie was shocked. He saw an exquisite woman, similar to his lovely wife. Maron had black hair, pale skin and grey eyes; she was moonlight, and her grandmother a bright sunny day.

‘I’m called Doella, Jamie, and I must apologise for my subterfuge. Maron’s mother and I didn’t want to pluck her from her world without preparation, and I wanted to save others from your Earth. I was aware she’d fall in love with you. This way your planet can start again, and by remembering the stresses on the original Earth, make it viable. I’m here to take you for a visit to our home to meet our family.’

They stood in a garden in the sun. ‘Sit at the table and enjoy the food. Robert, come inside and help Dogran,’ she said, leaving them alone.

‘Jamie are you all right?’
‘I can’t work out what’s happening.’
‘My mother’s here.’
‘Maron?’ A woman stood in the doorway. She looked like Maron, more twin sister than mother. She too had ebony hair, and Maron’s opalescent skin, but her eyes were the same bright green as Doella. ‘My darling Maron, I’ve been impatient to see you.’ Maron ran to her, and they hugged.
Jamie felt a hand on his shoulder; it was Doella. ‘Come inside; let them talk. Meet your grandfather-in-law, his name is Haris.’

Sperella led her daughter to another set of chairs and a table at the end of the garden under a shady tree. Her mother’s love calmed her powerful emotions.
‘I didn’t want to leave you, but your father was making my life difficult. I was trapped in his world, but resisted the urge to flee from him because of you, and considered taking you with me. But he loved you so much; he couldn’t lose both of us.’
‘Why pretend to be dead?’
‘He needed closure. My mother promised to look after you. She understood your father was ill, and he didn’t seek treatment. He was stubborn once he made his mind up. As for the asteroid, she knew it would deflect from the original course and hit your Earth, a long time before it became obvious. She came up with the Blowery alien and the Explorer Spacecraft. The first took me from an intolerable marriage, and the other to save you and other Earthers. Mother does this, collecting remnants of displaced people and giving them a new home. It keeps her occupied and she feels as if she’s doing something useful. Maron my dear, it is a long story and difficult to explain. Mother will, but another way; it’s much quicker, besides she needs to open up your mind. Her Varan genes always dominate, so although my father was half-human, I have the power of her race, and she says you’ll do most things I can.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘It’s too complicated. Wait until we connect.’ She poured wine and passed it to her daughter. ‘We look alike now you’ve grown, when you were young you were similar to your father. My mother told me how clever you are, and talented and beautiful. I hope you can forgive me, I’m pleased you’re here. I wish it turned out better for us. But I knew one day, you’d be sitting in this garden, listening to my story.’
‘What happened between you?’ Maron was emotionally spent, and her mother used her mental skills to help calm her.
‘It was my fault. I’m curious. Most of my brothers and sisters are happy to stay here on Astras with their partners, raise their children, and work for our community. It’s a pleasant life and fulfilling, but I wanted to follow in my mother’s footsteps. She helps people because she’s responsible for them. It was her race, the Varan who created Earths and humans. Your Earth wasn’t doing well, it suffered from pollution and climate changes, and after a visit, she agreed to leave me there to study. She’s an anthropologist, so I became one too. What happened is the same old story. I fell in love with a handsome and intense man, who looked similar to my father. At first, we were happy, and then he started to be difficult. I don’t know why, I never gave him any cause, but he became jealous and possessive, then the arguments started.’
‘I remember.’
‘Do you? I’m sorry; we tried to keep it from you.  I took the job on Explorer to get away. I didn’t want to leave you. When mother visited me, I agonised over what I should do. She wanted to bring you to me, but I loved your father, and couldn’t take you from him. Therefore, I pretended to die. I stayed close and considered taking you when he pressured you too much. But mother told me he’d soon die, and she became the Blowery again, and worked out who might come with you in the new Explorer.’
‘You’ve both been watching me?’
‘We made sure you managed your father. We decided it’d help your transition if we brought your old world with you, and another excuse to save humans. She shouldn’t, but she’s always breaking the rules. I went back when he was dying and we forgave each other. He understood he drove me away but couldn’t stop himself. I said I was sorry I’d not been strong enough to stay with him. I hope one day you’ll forgive me?’ Maron dropped her eyes; no not yet, but she was glad her mother still lived. 
‘We know you grieve for Earth. You will be angry mother didn’t move the asteroid, but you understand why not?’ Maron did. ‘The Varan have ancient rules that we cannot interfere with. When you follow them through to their logical conclusion, they make sense. No more talk, we need to mind connect, it’s a more accurate way of communication although Varan still talk. We’ll go to my house; it’s quieter.’

Maron could hear the buzz of the conversation even here at the end of the extensive garden. She followed her mother through the gate into a leafy road. There were lovely buildings and gardens on either side of the lane. Sperella opened up a gate ten houses away. It reminded Doella of a computer simulation of a roman house.
Sperella lay her daughter on a day bed in a room with deep red walls and simple white furniture.
‘Close your eyes,’ she instructed.
Cool hands touched her forehead. She opened her eyes, it was her grandmother.
‘Sleep,’ she said, and Maron felt sleepy.  When she woke up, it was evening. ‘How are you?’ She heard Doella's voice. It sounded far away. ‘I’ve passed on 
information to you, and it will take time to process it.’

Sperella helped her daughter sit up, Maron was dizzy, and she realised Doella’s voice was in her head. I’ve opened your mind; my progeny are powerful telepaths. Imagine an Earth grandmother being so … ‘Promiscuous,’ Doella supplied aloud. ‘But you can understand why?’ Doella asked. ‘Don’t worry Maron, I rarely pass that trait on. Most of my children have one partner at a time. Including your mother, she was faithful to your father until he died, so unlike me.’
‘I loved him, Maron.’
Maron understood. It was as if they had lifted a significant weight from her mind, and her guilt lessened. She’d loved her father, and Vindo too, but she couldn’t stay with him, she needed the freedom to do what she wanted.
‘Jamie?’
‘Sark and Carnos are telling our story. He’s finding it overwhelming.’
‘I’m not surprised, so am I. I can sense Robert.’
‘Yes, he’s an able telepath, but you understood that.’
‘To be honest, I’ve been doing my best to pretend he wasn’t.’

Doella changed the conversation; she knew her granddaughter felt guilty about Cecile.
‘You dealt with that dangerous woman well, I chose her for her task, but to finally unite, and not divide as was her intention.’
‘I didn’t kill her did I?’
‘No, Maron. She was losing her mind.’
‘It happened with my help?’
‘It’s not your fault, your suspicions are correct; they let her escape, and she ran off the cliff. You made the right decision, your priority is to make New Earth prosper. Robert will aid you, and that nice Drewsal, who helped your son develop his skills.’
‘You sent him?’
‘You needed someone to help with your mind powers and to confide in. He’s very suitable.’
‘Yes, he is, thank you.’
‘Come, let’s rescue Jamie from his in-laws. Sperella, why not lend Maron a dress?’

It was a gown similar to her mother and grandmothers. Sheer fabric in a golden- bronze colour. As she looked in the mirror, she saw a stranger.
They walked to Doella’s house.  Inside was a sizeable reception room full of people. However, Maron’s eyes were only for her husband; worried he might find her new family overwhelming. He stood up when she entered, she ran into his arms, and they hugged each other.

They stayed for five days; meeting most of the extensive family. Mother and daughter often walked into the hills to be alone. Maron realised her crystal enhanced her physical faculties and well as mental. Forever the scientist; Maron noticed she didn’t recognise the star systems and her mother explained, what she already knew, that the home planet Varan didn’t realise where they were.

On the last day, she wanted help from her grandmother. She’d said nothing, but Doella knew.
‘The miners are safe. I’ve supplied them with what they need. I’ll bring them to New Earth soon and on their space dock, that will help you too.’
‘Thank you. How is our planet?’
‘Few on the surface survived, even those in bunkers. Those who did best took to space, and I’ll make sure they return to the surface.’
‘Why didn’t you move the asteroid?’
‘There are moral reasons for not interfering. It took me a long time to accept that. I hate the loss of any life.’
‘Yes.’
‘I’ll not bring the young man to New Earth. It might complicate your life.’
‘Vindo survived?’
‘Yes, he did, but his family perished. I’m sorry, Maron. He’s devastated. They offered him a place in a ship and his parents made him take it. One day he’ll be important Maron. He may not have your intelligence, but he has common sense and is unimpressed with the reasons given for saving specific people. He feels guilty he’s alive. From his families influence, he will fight the old status quo, and the way the rich and powerful always survive while the more useful perish.’
Maron cried. ‘As long as he’s safe. Thank you, getting him on the spaceship was your doing, wasn’t it?’
‘Yes, you were fond of him, although you denied your actual feelings. I realise you love Jamie. I envy my children; their ability to love just one person,’ she sighed, ‘but this world of ours wouldn’t exist without my promiscuity.’







Epilogue


They were back on Explorer 2.
Maron looked at the time. ‘We’ve arrived at the moment we left, so we can have this time here together to develop into our alternative lives. Jamie, I sense your turmoil,’
‘It’s improving; my stage of utter bewilderment has turned into mere confusion. I’ve much to process.’ He held Robert, who’d fallen asleep. ‘Come on son to bed, you are no lightweight, let’s put you to sleep, so that mummy and I can watch old movies and drink this yummy wine. There are crates of it, thanks to your wonderful great-grandma.’
‘Yes, they all are, I’ve got a family again. My greatest worry is over, I realise how to keep Explorers engines fit and healthy. Most of my former work was grandma keeping me busy until she could explain how we might move forward more intelligently. Without letting us simple humans misuse the information, as we’ve always done. Particle Stream travel wasn’t wrong, just primitive and dangerous, and that’s why I couldn’t finish. We should have come up with it fifty years ago, and now we appreciate why it never happened. Doella, our loving guardian, was determined to contain another flawed human contagion. She reaches into the past and future. Now I understand Varan science, I realise it’s far easier to travel via interlamina. For New Earth, we have stable crystal power, easy to install using our present technology. Grandmother will take us to Astras for holidays. And, bring the miners from Askari as soon as we return there, they will be of great help and so will the space dock and other equipment. We’ll succeed there and become safe friends with our neighbours and help them develop.’ Maron beamed with happiness.
‘Mummy’s even worse than she used to be,’ Jamie put Robert in his bed in a once storage room outside their bedroom.

He and Maron must explain how they brought this unique technology to New York without involving her family. She’d find the remaining dissenters and remove their malign opinions, and with regret, she was too late to cure Cecile. The crystal in his chest to extend his existence was an impressive gift, although he wouldn’t endure as long as his wife, as she was kin to the Mother. They had much to carry out on New Earth before they disappeared to settle on Astras. New York and other centres will prosper. Jamie smiled at his sleeping child. More children too, like Robert. He’d take over looking after this colony when they left, and keep it positive, and the old dark speculations of profit and power under control, until it was a dim and shocking history. He remembered his mother, he’d always regret she never met his family, well mom, you’d never believe your troublesome son married an angel, an actual angel.


Copyright 2020


