Atlantis

Written by John M. Davis

A City of the Past Becomes Our Future

Copyright 2015 Serenity Valley Publishing
Editing: Daniél Lecoq




Digital Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to johndavisbooks.wordpress.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.






Table of Contents

Chapter 1:    Settling In
Chapter 2:    The Incredible Journey
Chapter 3:    Once Upon An Ancient
Chapter 4:    Not As They Seem
Chapter 5:    Just The Beginning




Chapter 1
Settling In


Rain splashed against his wipers as life prepared to deal him the bad news.
It seemed as though a cloud had burst onto the cityscape of downtown Charlotte, but Josh continued to drive. Cautiously easing his vehicle down a road filled with the outline of bright streetlights, a clear-set goal. He was coming home.
A soldier for eight long years in the United States Army, Josh Pierce had seen a lot of things. Some good, others – not so much. He'd pulled his time; given his service to the country he loved so dearly. Finally, after eight years of wearing the uniform, he was returning home to the love of his life. Amanda.
From the time Josh and Amanda met in grade school, he'd known she was the one. At that age, of course, nobody believes people are capable of loving. Nothing more than a very cute crush to everyone around them, Josh felt something inside of him the day his eyes fell onto that little girl with fantastic finger-painting skills.
And during the journey from childhood to adulthood, they'd hit a few snags. Typical for budding love, no matter the circumstances. Josh had made his fair share of mistakes, as had Amanda. Something that was finally past the both of them.
Josh was careful to do things right this time. He'd carefully planned his return, and that included one of the largest bouquets of flowers he'd ever seen. Vibrant colors speckling the large assortment which tied together snugly with a nice red bow, coupled with a large bottle of rather expensive wine.
He was oblivious to either when it came to selecting properly, but with the amount of cash he'd spent in doing so, Josh felt confident he'd done the job right.
Still, for all of the service gone by – the memories he planned to make with his lover...he'd have to get through the damn rain. He couldn't remember a time when rain fell any harder. The sound of pounding water atop his sedan nearly drowning out the stereo within in.

As Josh hurried from the glisten of rain which covered his blue sedan, he immediately sprinted up the handful of steps which led to their front door. Preparing his hair with a quick comb through by hand and imagining Amanda's face. He momentarily struggled with the large arrangement of flowers as a pleading hand did what it could to align his key with its accompanying lock. Rain still pouring down beyond the front porch in drenching fashion, nearly rivaling Josh's nerves.
His dreams, however, came to a crashing halt as Josh entered slowly to see an emptied house. No red velvet sofa that had been chosen together the evening of signing for the house. No precious photos hanging from the walls. Nothing but empty walls. Josh's heart immediately knew his lover was not to be found.
Clasping the door behind him and trying the lights, to no avail, Josh finally sat on the hard floor, preparing to read a note which awaited him. Understand with the mere sight of the note that an end to their romance had truly arrived. Taking him completely by surprise and devastating him with a new dimension of pain.

Josh.
I can't do it anymore. I believed my heart would explode when hearing of your return home. I honestly did. I was wrong. I will always cherish the memories we have together, and consider you a friend. I care for you, I truly do. I just don't love you.
I honestly didn't think it was possible. Now, I know otherwise. Perhaps it's your absence that has slowly pulled me away from you emotionally. Maybe there is something wrong inside of me, I don't know? I just want to be honest about it. You deserve that much. You've been good to me throughout the years and I want you to understand that there is no one else in my life right now. Truly. I just need a bit of space.
Rather than watch us both continue to be unhappy, I think it's best that we go our separate ways at this very moment. While the feeling of being apart is so fresh to both of us. It may help to ease the sting a little.
Sorry about taking our things, but I know you well enough to know you'd throw them out anyway. I'd rather keep them than have a stranger holding them close.
If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here. Just as long as you know that I'm here as a friend, nothing more.
Take care of yourself Josh Pierce.
-Amanda

“Well. I didn't see that coming.” Josh uttered as he flicked his wrist a bit, releasing the letter in the process. Slinging the sheet of paper as far away as possible, not that it would change anything between the two of them. Not now. For so many years they had been inseparable, but he'd never take her back after such a move. No matter how unbearable the pain felt in the moment, he was tough enough to absorb the hit and maybe, eventually, move past Amanda. Only time would tell.
Moments later Josh began concentrated his efforts on opening the large bottle of wine. He would have his welcome home party – drama be damned.
Welcome home soldier.

The slamming of a fist to his front door sent Josh straight to his feet, though he'd soon regret it. A combination of bright light and a hangover to blame.
Daylight funneling through his curtains as the beating to thick wood continued, making him wonder if it were even humanly possible to knock any louder. Josh was finally able to stagger over to the front of his very empty home.
“Amanda?” he asked, swinging the door open with desperation in his voice.
He was met, however, by a man decked in United States Army green.
“”Lieutenant Joshua Pierce?” the soldier asked.
His eyes continued to adjust, but he knew the visit was serious. Only two people had ever called him by the name Joshua. His kindergarten teacher and his superior officer in the armed forces.
As his eyes finally eased themselves back into proper working order, the mysterious man had the look of a soldier, no doubt. Brush-cut hair and chisel of experience upon his face. His uniform, however, was a lot different. Combat pants of black with several cargo pockets, a finely-pressed black shirt with blue trim and a handful of medals pinned to his chest – none of which Josh recognized.
“Yes,” he replied, trying to cast the sunlight from his eyes by holding a single hand to his brow. “I mean no. Not as of last night. It's just Josh now.”
“I need you to come with me, sir.”
“Look, I'm not trying to be rude here, but it's been a very long night. I have a lot of things going on right now. I'm clouded. Except for my resignation from good old Uncle Sam. I'm pretty clear on that. They offered me a signing bonus of twenty-five thousand, I told them to shove it up their ass and, well, the rest is history.” Josh replied.
“I'm here to escort you, as a civilian, to a meeting with someone very important. You can come voluntarily – or I can radio it in and you'll be there by nightfall by more drastic means. Your choice.” the soldier stated.
Right away, Josh understood the soldier's line of speaking, or rather, the government's way of operating. Uncle Sam did what he damn well felt like doing. You played ball like a major leaguer or you kicked and bitched about it, only to end up playing ball like a major leaguer in the end. Josh wanted anything but to go scurrying off with a stranger, hangover intact, but saw absolutely no way around it. The man had flashed his identification and, sure enough, he was a government suit and tie.
“Alright, alright. Let me grab my phone and I...”
“No phone. Not where we are going.” the soldier replied with a stern warning.
At that moment, Josh noticed a second man waiting in the car, also dressed in strange military gear.
“Jesus man, what is this? No phone, no shower?”
His words should have struck a humor cord with the man, but didn't. Letting Josh know the trip was one of top priority.
“Alright then,” Josh agreed, turning to lock his door before shutting it, but stopping short. “Then again, my lady has just taken off with every damn thing I own. I say, let the vandals have at it.” he added, slinging the door wide open and preparing to leave with the men. Expecting some type of reaction.
None came.

Josh had intended to track their course mentally, but after passing the second hour of their trip, he gave up on the idea. Simply concluding that it was a long damn way from home, especially with a hangover.
Making it more awkward, however, were the two soldiers travelling along – neither of them saying a word throughout the entire trip.
Nothing.
“You guys really aren't much on conversation, are you?” Josh asked.
Again, both men seemed to ignore his question. Aggravating the former soldier with a mighty hangover.
“Look,” Josh said loudly. “I'm not asking for a damn password or treasure map here, I'm just trying to make this long car ride a little less, well...long. I mean, conversation, music – something?”
Moments later, one of the men put the car's stereo on. Something about a bald girl licking a sledgehammer, from what Josh could tell.
“Oh hell no. Is this really happening right now? Am I dreaming?” Josh asked. “I'm thinking it couldn't get any worse and then it does. This kind of music has no heart, man. No soul. It's what's wrong with the world today.”
Click.
“Agreed.” one of the men said, putting a quick end to the ridiculous noise being passed off as music.
The two uniformed men glanced to each other for a moment. The driver finally speaking up.
“Had a woman leave out on me too. Left me sitting in an empty house,” the driver said. “The bitch.”
“Well, Amanda's no bitch.” Josh replied.
“They're all the same when it comes down to it.” the passenger remarked.
Maybe I liked you guys a little better when you were sitting there with your mouths shut instead of reminding me that my love life is in ruins.
“He's not trying to offend you,” the driver added. “He just means that you find the right one and fall for 'em, get used to having them around and then they skirt out on you when you need 'em the most. It happens to the best of us.”
“That I'll agree to.” Josh said with a nod.
“Just want to say,” the passenger said, turning to face Josh. “We glanced over your military records prior to picking you up. Appreciate you serving this great country of ours the way you did.”
“Alright, this just got weird.” Josh replied.
He could see the men growing a bit nervous. Their actions certainly not the expected normal for a couple of stiffs.
“You guys are serving too though, right?” Josh asked.
“Not exactly,” the driver replied. “At least, not in the same sense that you did.”
“So, you guys here to kill me or something?” Josh asked. “Because, if I owe someone money it's news to me. I mean, there's this cell phone contract I terminated early, but other than that.” he added with sarcasm.
Fucking spotty signal.
“No, Josh. We're not here to kill you. In fact, if it were to come down to it, our job would be to take a bullet for you.” the driver replied.
“Oh yea?” Josh questioned. “Why is that? Why would two strangers be willing to take a bullet for a man they've never met before?”
“Because, Josh, you're a very valuable asset to our cause.” the passenger replied.
“Oh yea? And what cause would that be?”
His question went unanswered, as expected.
“Well, as fun as this all has been. The conversation is starting to bore me a little. If you guys don't mind, I'm going to lay my head back and catch a little sleep?”
“By all means.” the passenger replied.
Josh would eventually doze off for the remainder of their car ride, though it would take a while. The stinging headache of too much wine accompanied by the longing of his former lover to blame.
He would never admit it and had promised himself to never show it, but Josh missed Amanda to the brink of giving up. Over time she'd gotten by just fine without him there, but he'd not been as lucky. Thinking of her warm touch and beautiful smile every single waking moment.
The thought of a return to her arms had pulled Josh through the roughest of times, and now he felt as though life had cheated him at the finish line. His life in total reset as he'd now begin struggling to find his way.

McClellanville, South Carolina. Or so the sign read as the men readied themselves and informed Josh that they were getting close to arrival.
Josh reached a hand up to wipe the fatigue from his face a bit, readying himself as well. He could tell, from the look of the two men in the front of the solid black SUV, that whatever matter awaited them was a matter of seriousness. A very long drive from Charlotte to McClellanville proof enough that something very important was going down.
“Is this the place?” Josh asked.
“It is.”
A very large building of concrete, completely fitting of the description Josh had formed in his head. Absolutely no windows, a single flag and hedges that looked like shit. Nicely tucked away atop generic mulch. True government style.
“Seems like a long damn way to drive for a meeting. They could have just chatted with me through the webcam,” Josh commented. “If, of course, I still had a computer. Or the girlfriend who took the fucking computer.”
“Perhaps your fortunes are about to change.” the driver replied as the SUV pulled directly in front of the large building, which bordered the Atlantic Ocean.
“Go directly inside and hand them this,” the passenger added. Taking a moment to enter his key code into a briefcase which rested on his lap. A single identification card inside. “It will clear you through the main lobby, at which time the rest will be explained to you in detail.”
“And you guys are just gonna park it outside and wait on me?” Josh asked.
“No,” the passenger replied. “We're off to pick up the next member of your team.”
My team?
“Well how the fuck am I getting back?”
“You won't be going back,” the driver replied. Pausing momentarily as his eyes looked into the rear view mirror. Giving Josh cold chills throughout his entire body. “At least not with us.”
“Hurry, Mr. Pierce. They're waiting.” the passenger said.
“There's either a leprechaun in here waiting with a pot of gold or someone is getting a mouthful. I'll promise you that.” Josh said bluntly, opening the door and growling a few obscenities as he slammed it behind him.
Before they could walk toward the building, however, the SUV window zipped down.
“Good luck, Mr. Pierce.” the passenger said.
You can go fuck yourself. Josh thought, turning without a word and making the short walk from the curb to the front door of the building with no markings.

Upon entering, he immediately recognized the military look and feel of the place. Industrial-strength everything, including the smell of floor cleaner which nearly knocked him back through the front door.
Two well-armed soldiers approached him, each of them outfitted in the same fashion as the two he'd enjoyed an extended car ride with. It was as if he were invisible – the soldiers completely ignoring him in favor of his identification card.
“Josh Pierce has arrived.” one of the man said through a shoulder-mounted com.
“You're damn right he has, and he wants some answers.” Josh demanded.
A single man behind a large wooden counter logged his arrival. Finally looking up to the soldiers.
“Good,” the man replied. “Please sequester Mr. Pierce until the others arrive. Room thirty-seven.”
“Now wait a damn minute.” Josh began to protest.
“Move.” one of the soldiers demanded at gunpoint. Pushing the confused man a bit and further pissing him off.
“Man, you've got to be kidding me,” Josh commented, though he moved into the direction they had demanded, walking slowly. “You'd be better off just strapping me into a wheelchair and rolling me wherever the hell you want to.”

After several minutes of silent walking, the three men had passed dozens of doors. Each of them marked with a number, leading Josh to question how many of them contained people just like him. Probably just as clueless. Finally arriving at a single door marked thirty-seven.
“You're to remain here until the door opens. When that time comes, you will enter the hallway and follow the others to the conference room. Are we clear?”
“Yea,” Josh replied as the other soldier punched in a very long key code to unlock the door. “But damn. I just rode from another state and I feel like death warmed over. I haven't eaten since I can't remember when.”
“You'll be fed on schedule, along with the others.” the soldier replied.
“Be glad you came from only a state away. Many are travelling from out of country.” the other soldier replied as the very solid door finally opened to allow entry.
“We'll if they rode in a fucking car, I hope the music was better.”
Neither soldier seemed to get the punchline.
“Yep,” Josh replied. “If you think it sucks leaving your loved ones and flying a few hours, try leaving an empty house after finding out you're a bachelor...again.”
He began to walk into the room, which was rather small and closely resembled an upscale prison cell.
“Leaving one house with no furniture and coming to a jail cell with almost the same. Yay.” Josh said with heavy sarcasm as the soldiers sealed the door behind him.
A solid white room, a single bed attached to the thick walls of concrete with industry-standard bolts and a urinal. At least back home his empty wooden floors shined a bit.
“This is bullshit,” Josh said aloud. “I get done serving my country to find out I've been dumped. Then I get dragged away from it all and thrown into a cell so I can do nothing but think about it,” he added. “It's official. I'm having a shitty twenty-four hours.”

Several hours later, Josh awakened to the sound of steel scratching across steel. Jumping to his feet.
A tray of food had been delivered, along with a newspaper. He felt like bitching about it, but found it would be hard to do. A complete rotisserie chicken, a baked potato with garlic, one of the largest pieces of chocolate cake he'd ever seen and a bottled soda. Certainly not the food of a prisoner, and laughably, much better than Amanda had ever cooked up for him. Not that she ever gave it much effort.
Perhaps it was simply hunger pangs amplifying things, but every damn bit of food he tasted seemed to be some of the best he'd ever had. Making his stay a bit more comfortable.
Josh wasn't sure about the newspaper. Surely they knew him well enough to know he wasn't the type of guy who bought into the mainstream media propaganda that was national news. Maybe it would serve him for ass wipe, should the need arise. Josh hoped he wouldn't be sequestered long enough to go there, but given his recent run of luck, he wasn't ruling anything out.
The bright walls of pure white seemed to eat at him a little, and Josh wasn't quite sure why that was? It forced him to think on issues he'd rather not. His master plan to get over the heartache Amanda had left, quite simply, was a string of nights at a local bar where the beer flowed freely and nobody asked about anyone's history.
Now, he was living the exact opposite of that. There was no question in Josh's mind that whoever had him sequestered until further notice had dug pretty deep into his history. Hell, they might have known his relationship was over before he did. A fact that truly pissed Josh off if it were true.
It was just an environment that forced him to think. Is it possible that the same people had taken Amanda away from him and left the note? It was her handwriting, for sure. But had she been forced to sling words to paper prior to Josh arriving?
They knew everything about him and he knew nothing about the situation around him. It left Josh more bitter by the minute and a mass-printed newspaper didn't smooth things over. The chocolate cake was damned sweet, but not as sweet as a pile of answers would have been.
Everything about this white room was pissing him off even further. He'd been given no details about this meeting and thrown into a room with no details on the wall. Nothing. Just a foot broken off into his ass and a proverbial don't call us, we'll call you.
In truth, the entire event had the fingerprints of the United States Army all over it. Josh knew that much in his heart. He also knew that the uniforms he'd been greeted with were anything but the standard United States Army dress code.
He'd get his answers in due time. Until then, Josh decided to clear his mind of everything, as best he could, and throw himself at the mercy of a deep sleep. The only certainty from the moment forward, was that his body needed more of it.

Having been sequestered in such a quiet environment, the easing of his room's door instantly awakened Josh from a world of dreams. Fully opening as a shuffle of bodies began to walk past with confusion.
Jumping to his feet, Josh joined them. Feeling a bit like sheep in line and hopefully not heading for some type of slaughter. The past few days had been bad enough already, he didn't need a painful death on his plate.
The hallway was more of the same. White walls that were void of anything distinguishable, along with the same head-splitting smell of government floor cleaner. Overkill at its finest by the artistic hand of a half-ass janitor.
A bit of whispering could be heard throughout the crowd of people which walked in a single direction, their voices not clear enough to make out conversations.
“Any idea what in the fuck is going on?” a man asked.
Josh turned to see a man in his early thirties with the experience of a sixty year-old. He'd no doubt lived fast and by the seat of his pants, from the looks of it. A shade above six-foot in height and a slightly above average build at his disposal, the man grinned a bit. Short cut hair of shaggy brown.
“No,” Josh replied. “Not a clue. Sorry.”
“Not half as sorry as the son of a bitch responsible for dragging us here, as soon as I find out who it is.” the man replied.
“I'm right there with you on that, my friend,” Josh replied. “It's been a shitty seventy-two hours.”
“Winston Stills,” the man said with introduction. “But they call me Churchill”
“Josh Pierce,” he replied with a nod. “But they call me Josh.”
With a laugh, Winston nodded. “You're the type of son of a bitch I'm gonna get along with. I can already see that.”
“Now, if we only knew what we had been volunteered for?” Josh asked.
“We are about to find out, good buddy.” Winston said, pointing to the end of a very long hallway, which opened up into a theatre type setting, though very bright.
“Thank you for coming,” a decorated soldier offered, extending his hand into the theatre where plenty had already taken a seat. “Please find a place and wait for our speaker.”
“Your speaker better have his damn listening ears on,” Winston growled, though he followed the herd of people to be seated. Grumbling all the way. “Cause I plan to give that son of a bitch a mouthful he won't forget anytime soon.”
The room had plenty of seating and a podium near its front – several seats lining the back side of the large wooden podium as well. A single framed photo hung at the room's rear. It was the size of several theatrical posters, though it contained only a single logo, and a strange one at that. Certainly nothing Josh had ever seen before.
In fact, things began to feel very strange to the man who'd been involved with military service for such a long time. He had been trained to notice things which seemed out of place, and this place was becoming a hotbed for strange. Everything about it seemed to fit the profile of the typical army digs. However, nothing about the uniformed soldiers here resembled what he'd been accustomed to throughout the years.
Their weapons were similar, but the colors of their uniforms, medals pinned to their chest and insignia which matched the logo hanging from this very room were all very out of place.
There are very few moments in life that give you a warning. The type of feeling that forces you to grind to a halt and pay attention. The first time Josh had met Amanda, he had a feeling about her. Like the moment was truly life-altering. And, of course, the night he'd returned home from military service to find his lover gone and his house empty, he again felt that it was life altering. Those two moments were very far apart and Josh had never expected to be dealt yet another so quickly.
“She's way out of your league, my man.” Winston said in discouraging fashion.
“Who?” Josh replied, though his mind remained in a single place.
“The girl you're eye-fucking, pal. She's well above anything you or I could ever fetch. You eye her any harder and she'll need to take a pregnancy test.”
Josh had been caught red-handed, no alibi to be had. He'd literally never seen another girl who was so damn breathtakingly beautiful. The moment she had walked into the room, everything else left. His eight long years of service, a childhood crush and breakup that had, until moments ago, actually mattered.
A few inches shorter than he was, she had long red hair that commanded attention. Not bright, not by any means; her hair shimmered just enough to remind him of everything beautiful in life. Very lightly-colored eyes of blue stood out against skin that was both very white and very pure. The mere sight of it soothing to Josh's soul. The essence around her spoke to him like that once in a lifetime song.
“Oh, her,” Josh finally replied. His eyes continuing to watch the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen as she found a seat across the room. “Why do you say she's out of my league?”
“Look. I know a thing or two about women, alright? Girls like that are at the top of their species, man. They literally have guys throwing themselves all day long for any hope of a date. Girls like that have their pick of the litter and they usually pick the nicest dog in the group. They seldom choose runts.”
“Who's a runt?” Josh asked. “I've a got a few tricks, my friend. I have humor.” he added, leaning in to deliver the words in a whisper.
“Yea, I'll give you that. Because if you think you have a shot with a fine woman like that, you're a fucking comedian. No offense.”
“None taken.” Josh replied.
Truthfully, he couldn't have agreed with his new friend any more strongly. Still, when the heart falls at first sight, there's not a lot that can be done about it. Sometimes you have to try, even if it means facing overwhelming odds.
“Look sharp.” Winston said, nudging his buddy with an elbow as several officers entered the quieting room.
“I always look sharp.” Josh replied with a grin.

“Good afternoon, everyone. I'm General Linstrom and I'm sure you're each wondering why you're here.”
“You're damn right we are.” Winston said, though he did so with only a grumble. Knowing his words would never reach far enough the front of the large room.
“Just over two years ago, our country's naval units were executing a triangular search over the Atlantic Ocean as they looked for a downed passenger jetliner.”
“Hey, I remember that shit.” Winston said with a whisper.
Josh agreed with a nod. Worldwide news for several weeks until the crashed jet was finally located.
“As many of you already know, we found pieces of the wreckage in another area. Far from our original search area,” the general said. “However, during our search over the Atlantic, our deep water equipment recorded some baffling information.”
With his words, the general began to slide through several photos using a digital projector. Most of them very grainy photos, similar to an ultrasound; others compilations of numbers and information that most in the room didn't understand.
“We thought it was a very unique rock formation, nothing more. Months later, our own scientists confirmed something a lot more shocking,” the general said. “A city.”
“A city?” Winston asked loudly as commotion broke throughout the room.
“Yes.” General Linstrom replied.
“The fuck?” Winston asked.
“After confirming this through multiple sources of intelligence, the United States opened a small, but very specialized branch, to learn everything it can from this city.”
“Excuse me, sir,” a voice asked. Immediately capturing Josh's attention as the new woman of his affections was asking the question. She sounded British, and very well-educated. “The city in question. Is it an archeological find? How large will the dig be?”
“Good question, Miss...”
“Miss Erica Lawson, sir.” the woman replied warmly.
“Wait,” Josh said. “Did she say miss? As in single?”
“Ah man, you've got to give that shit up already. I just met you. I don't want to see you get heartbroken so soon.”
“I need to remind everyone in this room that our meeting is fully confidential,” the general said. “Punishable by prison time.”
“Remind? It's the first I've heard of the shit.” Winston grumbled.
His reminder – or threat, depending on point of view, was a stern reminder that their meeting was indeed top secret.
“Miss Lawson, we know two things about this city as of this very moment. It's a mighty long way down. Farther than anyone has ever been able to venture before, aside from both recorded Challenger Deep missions. Neither of which included a search for the treasured city of Atlantis. And we also know that, because of its design and unique composition – whatever built the city in question is not of this world.”
“The fuck?” Winston said. This time, very loudly as he stood to his feet. “Sgt. Winston Stills, sir and I'm a bit pissed off about being carted off in the night like some kind of low-rent hooker. But, besides all of that, did you just say this shit was built by aliens?”
“Sergeant, I believe he's referring to the lost city of Atlantis.” Erica Lawson replied.
“Actually, folks,” the general replied. “I'm referring to both. Nothing about the structure is consistent with anything we've seen before, leading us to believe it was built by something other than mankind,” he added. “But its location is also consistent with the area of the mythical sunken city. Or so my scientists tell me.”
“Sir, if I may?” Josh asked. Standing to his feet and using a moment to glance at the beautiful woman across the room.
“Absolutely, Lieutenant Pierce.” the general replied.
“If this city, or whatever it is, sits further down than we're able to go. I'm not sure what all of this is about? If we can't get to it for a dig or any type of reconnaissance mission, I'm not sure why we're here. I can't speak for everyone here, but I have a lot going on back at home. A lot of people who miss me.”
“Do you, Lieutenant Pierce?” the general questioned.
“Well, a lot of friends”
The general's look continued to bead down onto Josh with questioning intentions.
“OK, a dog. And it's my neighbor's dog, at that. But it's a damn cute one and I'd like to get back to it.”
Josh's confession brought a smile to Erica's face, which is what he'd hoped for.
“Well, Lieutenant Pierce, now that we're all being honest here,” the general said with a chuckle. “You're all here because you're the best at what you do. Some of you are soldiers – others are among the finest scientists in the world. I see a few experts on mythology, archeologists and even the finest submarine captain the United States has to offer. From the moment our government first discovered this sunken city, we've been working with the best engineers around the globe to construct a submarine that can make this type of voyage. And now, I'm going to hand this meeting over to our chief engineer, David Saunders.”
“You buying this shit?” Winston asked.
“You believe I got her to smile?” Josh asked in reply.
“Never going to happen, friend. I'd bet a box of the cigars that made me famous. She's out of your league entirely.”
Josh extended his hand with a grin. Willing to take on the bet, though he needed no added motivation. The lightning bolt that had struck the part of his gut Amanda tried to rip from his, that was motivation enough.
“Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen,” the man said as he stepped to the podium. Nearly bald with a patch of hair combed over, thick glasses and the look of a man in serious need of a social life. “I'm David Saunders and I'm here to assure you that we've constructed a submarine I feel is good enough to reach the submerged city in question.”
“Y'all hear that?” Winston asked loudly. “We can all rest easy, now. We're not going to die because some perfect stranger has promised us we're not going to.”
“I assure you, we've thoroughly tested the submarine and feel there is a good chance for success.” David replied.
“And I assure you that I don't give a shit,” Winston said. “I'm not getting on any damn piece of metal unless somebody puts down, in writing, that it's completely safe.”
“Excuse me,” Lieutenant Pierce said. “Exactly what is your definition of good chance, in numbers?”
“Fifty-percent.” David replied.
“Holy shit, who do you work for, the lottery department? That's a horrible fucking number when you're talking about life or death!” Winston cried out.
The general stood to his feet once more to calm the crowd of folks as they began to talk to one another loudly. Discouraged by such a number.
“People, please.” David said. “This mission is not mandatory. We're not going to send you down there unless you sign off on it, so we just ask that you hear us out.”
He quickly left the podium, making way for a very professional looking woman. Middle-aged, the woman wasted no time in introducing herself shooting off pleasantries. Instead, cutting right to the chase.
“If you are not willing to volunteer your services, please form a line at the same door in which you entered this room. Those who plan to accompany our team to the greatest historical find mankind has ever known, please make your way up to the podium. You'll be asked to sign off on a clipboard, which will release us from any responsibility moving forward. For those who decline, please understand that you will be sequestered until the mission is completed – for the purpose of confidentiality.”
“You doing this shit?” Winston asked.
“Hell no,” Josh replied. “Sign up for a mission that's almost guaranteed death? Hell no, it would be suicide.”
“That's what I'm saying,” Winston replied. “Let's go back to our cells and eat some more of that award winning cake. Wait for this to blow over, then I'll buy you a beer and introduce you to a few women that are well within your league, my friend.”
Josh's mind was made up. At least, until he saw Erica Lawson to the podium. Putting the young man into the most important decision he'd ever made.
Nothing about Josh wanted to die – especially inside of an over-sized tin can at the bottom of an ocean. To be crushed from the pressure of water like a defenseless grape. That said, what did he truly have to return home to? He'd always considered Amanda his soul mate and wondered what he'd possibly do after she'd left. A question that was easily answered with his very first glance onto Erica Lawson.
Everything about the young woman with subtle red hair and a British accent spoke to his heart. Having to return to a room of thought and nothing else simply wasn't an option, not if it meant going back to regret the biggest chance of his entire lifetime. He couldn't let Erica walk away, never to see her again. Sure, she was completely and utterly out of his league, but he had to try. Otherwise, what was the sense of living?
“Wait,” Winston said as Josh began walking toward the podium as well. “I thought you'd decided to go this way?” Finally catching sight of Josh's love interest, Winston “Churchill” Still understood what was taking place.
Ah fuck me!
“You and I made a bet,” Josh replied. “We'll never know the outcome unless we take a chance.”
“It's a fucking box of cigars, chief. I'm willing to cut my losses.” Winston replied.
“It's more than just cigars,” Josh said. “It's life. It's doing something that's never been done before, as opposed to going back home to an empty house.”
“I'll say this,” Winston replied. “You've got to be the most depressing damn comedian I've ever known.”
Josh smiled for a moment, turning to finish his walk to the podium. His brand new friend behind him and bitching every single moment of the way.
“I'm impressed,” General Linstrom remarked. “I wasn't sure if you two would be up for this.”
“Well, sir,” Josh said, standing closely enough to Erica for words to carry weight. “Sometimes you just get that lightning bolt and realize the greatest opportunity in life is standing right before you,” he added, glancing up to make eye contact with Erica Lawson firmly. “Sometimes the heart just wants what the heart wants.” 
She smiled back to him a bit. Not a single word spoken, although their look spoke volumes.
“If we live through this shit,” Winston grumbled as he scrawled his signature down onto paper. “I want mine imported from somewhere nice. None of this domestic shit. You're a long way from the finish line, my little runt of the litter.” he added. Patting Josh on the back and crashing the love-struck man back down into reality.
Glancing over the large room, a handful over eighty people stood in line to return to their sequestered rooms. Meanwhile, just a handful over thirty had signed on for the mission. Many of them hoping for the best but expecting the worst.
“This isn't that large of a crew, sir.” Josh said.
“Most of these folks are civilians. We've also got three full units of marines and a complete engineering core on standby – waiting to ride along.” the general replied.
“They volunteer as well?” Winston asked.
“Not so much,” the general replied. “This way, folks,” he added, welcoming them into a set of double doors which led further into the large building.

Wondrous moments rarely occur in life. Only a handful of them, and when they begin to play out, you instantly know the following seconds will forever be remembered. The kind of moments worthy of framing for a wall.
Such was the case as Josh, Winston and the rest of the volunteers entered the large chamber hall. A submarine rested high onto steel bridging which held the craft in perfect position as engineers worked on its underbelly. Sparks flooding in bunches as accurate welding slowly took its course.
“This is your future home,” General Linstrom said with confidence. “The Iliad.”
“I love the name.” Erica replied with a smile. Very keen on great literature.
“We thought it was fitting.” the general replied.
“It's a lot bigger than I thought.” Josh admitted.
“That's what she said.” Winston replied. His words bringing a moment of silence as nearly every volunteer looked back at him with concentration.
“What?” he asked. “Bunch of fucking stiffs in here.”
“Don't,” Erica said. Sensing Josh was nearing the point of adding to Winston's statement. “Please don't encourage him.”
Daring not cross the woman of his dreams, Josh remained silent. Finding it very hard to do, though.
“People,” the general said. “Meet Captain Bruce Ellis.”
“Thank you, sir.” Bruce replied with a firm salute.
“At ease, Captain,” General Linstrom said, returning the salute. “I need you to get these people up to speed,” he added, turning to the group of highly-specialized volunteers. “Captain Ellis will be directly in charge of the military aspect of this operation.”
“Thank you, sir.” Bruce replied.
“Very well.” the general said, returning the captain's salute once more and leaving him to it. Walking away to check on the submarine's progress.
“We are in the final stages of strengthening the submarine's outer shell, at which time our mission is scheduled to begin,” the captain said. “Each person will be allowed a single pack, so pack wisely. We're limited on room. Anything that you feel will be imperative to this mission – bring it. If it fits in the pack, it comes along. Otherwise, I will leave it behind. Is everything understood?”
The entire group nodded slowly. Understanding the need to pack only essential items as the submarine was rather short and oddly shaped. Each of them beginning to go through a mental checklist. Most of what they had intended to bring would now have to remain behind, due to such limited space.
“We have supplies aboard for an extended stay. Rations, clothing and the lot. Plenty of computer and data equipment. What you will need to select are clothes for duty and anything you cannot live without.”
“Sir,” Josh said. “If you don't mind my saying so.”
“Go ahead.”
“There seems to be a lot of firepower riding shotgun with us. I understand the need for protection, but...”
“Precautionary.”
“I see.” Josh replied.
His glance shifted to a soldier who seemed to stare daggers into him. His eyes never blinking in the slightest.
There's something they aren't telling you.
At least that's what Josh's eyes saw, assuming his lip-reading was still on par. The soldier's lips moving without sound.
Between the message and look upon the soldier's face, something was wrong. Very wrong. Josh had seen the look way too many times before and it was a look of panic.
“The rear of our submarine is off-limits to civilian personnel. That's my one and only rule. Weaponry is to be handled by military-trained only, and it remains at the rear of the shuttle. This applies during our trip and once we make contact with the submerged city. Understood?”
His question was answered more quickly this time around, though it was done with silent nodding. Just as before.
“Civilians will answer to our lead scientist, David Hopkins. Military answers to me. It's very cut and dry, people, and there can be no grey area once we launch below sea level. Our priorities are one in the same. To keep our crew as safe as possible during this mission, while seeking answers about this lost city. David is the man down below. Red shirt. If you are not military-trained, you will follow this row of steps down to the lower deck and report to him at this time. If you are military-trained, you will remain here. Everything clear?” he Captain Ellis asked. Waiting for any questions on the matter. “Good. Go!”
A majority of the group broke away and began their journey down to the lower levels of the secret compound. Feet clanging to grated metal flooring and alarming David Hopkins that he had scientific experts' incoming.
Four people remained, including Josh and Winston.
“I have one rule and one rule only. You do as I say, when I say and you do it without question. If you adhere to this rule, we'll get along just fine. Otherwise,” Captain Ellis said. “I'll shoot you. Clear?”
“Yes sir.” Josh replied, as did the others.
“Very good,” he replied. “Now, regroup with the others and meet our civilian team. When we're all done here, you four will accompany the military-trained and be armed. At which time I will give you further instructions.”
“Sir.” Josh said.
“What is it?”
“Permission to hit the head, sir?”
“Make it quick, Pierce.”
“Yes sir.”
His bladder would be easy to empty as no visit was necessary. Josh had seen the panicked soldier head into a restroom only seconds before and he planned to get some answers.

“You've got two minutes.” Josh said as he entered the rather large restroom. Taking a stall beside the panicked soldier, though neither man went through with the act, using their positioning as cover.
“We are not the first group to go down.”
“What?” Josh asked with shock. “What do you mean we are not the first?”
“I don't have details. I'm not high enough on the chain for that. I just know this is the second group to go down. The first was nearly three months ago, and, as you pointed out, they were very lightly armed compared to us.”
“Why would they not tell us this up front?” Josh asked.
“I don't know. I don't even know how high this secret goes up. I just know they're keeping it from everyone for a reason.”
“How do you know this?”
“I know a few people.” the soldier replied.
“Who?” Josh insisted.
“Trust me,” the soldier replied. “We'll leave their names private for the sake of everyone involved. But their roots reach high up into the infrastructure of the United States Government.”
“Alright then.” Josh replied, easing away from the stall.
“There's something they aren't telling us, Lieutenant,” the soldier replied. “So keep your eyes open and know that I have your back if it comes down to it.”
“I appreciate that, friend. But I'm retired.” Josh replied with a smile.
“Either way,” the soldier acknowledged. “I've read your military history. You're more of a soldier than anyone here.”
Josh heard the man's statement, though he didn't reply. Choosing to make an exit and take the blinders off moving forward.
His exit from the restroom was noticed by General Lindstrom, who also saw the other soldier leave seconds later. Glancing to Captain Ellis, there was an unspoken communication of certainty. The captain nodding with agreement and understanding.
“Why the funny shape?” Josh asked in a hushed tone. Rejoining his group down below.
The submarine looked like a drill bit at its front, while its rear was home to several long pieces of flat, spiraling fins. Like octopus arms, only a bit more uniform. Helping with the propulsion of the shuttle under water, no doubt.
“The sub is shaped in such a way that it will be able to hold up against immense water pressure.” David Hopkins replied.
He was a medium built man with short brown hair and the look of book smart. Which, in Josh's experience, meant a very lacking social life.
“The front things twisting around like that help with water pressure?” Josh asked. “Interesting.”
“Indeed,” David replied. “And you would have known that already if you'd have been down here minutes ago when I told the rest of the group.”
“I had other business to take care of.” Josh fired back.
“Indeed,” David replied. “Hope you washed your hands.”
“Indeed.” Winston added with a smirk.
Winston's sarcasm was answered with a smug look.
“This is a very small submarine by typical standards. The exterior may look like it's fairly large, but the actual crew area inside is about the size of five school buses,” Bruce stated. “The rear houses military weaponry and a large oxygen compressor which feeds into the crew area and is capable of recharging our portable tanks. Other than that, most of what you see is in place to give us the very best chance of reaching the ocean's floor at one of its lowest points.”
“Five school buses, that's it?” Winston asked. “That son of a bitch looks as big as a football field. Bleachers and all.”
“Well,” David replied. Appearing to look a bit aggravated – having to explain himself to someone who was obviously a lot less educated. “There is quite a bulk of metal on the exterior of the craft, which, once submerged at profound depths, will help hold up against the immense pressure down below.”
“What the fuck did he just say?” Winston asked. His short list of terminology completely bewildered.
“There's a lot of steel,” Josh replied. “Otherwise, the ocean would crush it like an empty beer can.”
“Oh,” Winston replied proudly. “Well why in the fuck didn't he just say that?”
Using all of these damn Harvard terms. Winston thought. Still trying to make what he could of the lead scientist.
“I apologize,” David said. “I understand how difficult it must be for the military-trained to understand what I'm saying.”
“Actually,” Josh replied. “I've been with you every step of the way. I just don't understand why you drag your words. It's kind of, well, it's kind of slangy.”
“Yea, slangy.” Winston replied. Backing up his newly found best friend while holding his chest out a bit.
There was a very awkward moment of silence in which the decorated soldier and acclaimed scientist exchanged glanced. Both men considered one of the best in their respective field.
“Look. I'm not trying to rub you the wrong way or anything,” Josh said. Backing off of his tone a bit. “I'm just trying to make sure we have a good chance of getting down there in one piece? For everyone's sake, including my own.”
“I understand,” David replied. “And I can assure you that only the best scientists we have to offer are working on that. Much like yourself, I want to discover the lost city of Atlantis AND live to tell about it.”
“Well now we're talking,” Josh commented. “What do you need us to do?”
“For the time being, stay out of our way. Just stand there and hold your weapons. I don't know, whatever you army guys tend to do.” David replied. Quickly turning to introduce the remainder of volunteers to the scientific aspect of their journey.
“We don't even have guns yet?” Winston said with a questioning tone and low voice.
“Just look mean,” Josh replied. “Give everyone a scowl or something.” he added with a smile.
Everybody wants to be a damn comedian. Winston thought. Exchanging the grin with a sarcastic one of his own.

“What do you make of everything?” Winston asked.
They had returned to their living quarters for a few hours, which was a fancy term for large rooms with four beds a piece. The rooms perfectly in a row and stretching down a very long hallway leading to a large room filled with supplies. The mandated uniforms, additional high-lifetime L.E.D. flashlights, extra packs to be filled and placed within their one mandatory pack, navigation equipment, team communication radios and so forth. A shopping spree of sorts for a group of highly-specialized team members in need of supplies.
“Well,” Josh replied. Pausing to completely zip his grey jacket. “If the water doesn't kill us, the conversation just might.” he added. Speaking of the group of scientists which would be among their team.
“Sure enough,” Winston replied. “Bunch of book smart clowns probably have never seen action.”
“And I'd bet these uniforms haven't either.”
Josh had stated the obvious. The uniforms resembled military combat uniforms in use, except for the color. Solid grey with occasional block patterns of vivid blue. A logo slapped to the upper portion of each sleeve and a name placard sewn over the left chest area.
The logo was one of interest. It slightly resembled the letter A, though two portions of its composition were in the design of ocean waves. The third portion representative of the lost city, which splintered away from the logo a bit. Its color one of almost holographic nature, forcing onlookers to immediately pay attention.
“Yea, they're shitty.” Winston replied.
“I don't know. They kind of have that,” Josh said, looking down to defend the standard issue clothing. “Yea, they're shitty.”
Their conversation was halted as a third man entered. Nearly a foot smaller than either Josh or Winston, the pale white man with a very tight brush cut divided them on his way to the other side of the quarters without a word.
“Hey, that's my rack.” Winston said sternly.
“My rack now.” the smaller man replied.
“Hey.” Winston said again, grabbing the man by his elbow.
The confrontation quickly escalated as the smaller man dashed up, a combat blade to Winston's throat.
“I said it's my rack now.”
“You mind taking the blade away from my friend's throat?” Josh asked. “This isn't prison.”
“Stay out of it.”
“Not until you let my friend be, you little munchkin. Now take the blade away from my friend's throat.” Josh insisted.
Angling his blade, the smaller man dashed onto Josh. Finding him to be a much tougher target than Winston.
Grabbing the man's knife hand at the wrist, Josh then gripped the backside of the man's elbow and shoved him to the wall. Causing the blade to spill. With a single motion, Josh then spun his attacker around and placed his own elbow against the man's throat with pressure.
“Like I said, this isn't prison. If it were, we'd be caking you with lipstick right about now and sizing you up for a dress. You get me? We're in the middle of a conversation and you storm in here and interrupt us like you're selling vacuums. Very rude,” Josh said, turning to his good buddy. “Continue.”
“I forgot what the fuck we were talking about?” Winston asked.
“Well, looks like it's your lucky day little man,” Josh said, turning attention back to the pinned soldier. “Now. If I let you up from here, can you play nice?”
The man obviously was pissed off, but saw no choice in the matter. Finally submitting and nodding with compliance.
“Good. Now, what's your name?”
“He, uh,” Winston chimed in. “He can answer you partner. I think you're choking him out.”
“Oh,” Josh replied. “My apologies.”
With that, Josh eased off of the man's throat and slowly let him regain a bit of composure.
“Well?” Winston asked.
“Flea.” the soldier replied with anger.
“Flea?” Josh asked. “Your parents didn't like you or is it a nickname you picked up along the way?”
“The fuck do you think?” Flea asked.
“I'm gonna go with nickname,” Josh said. “So why come in here and start swinging blades on us, Flea?”
“When you're my size. You either make your intentions damn well clear or you get pushed around. I'm not one to get pushed around.” Flea replied.
“Yea. I'm getting that.” Josh replied.
“Hell buddy, we weren't planning on pushing you around.” Winston said.
“You'd be the first.” Flea replied.
“We have extra beds like crazy in here, big man. No need to do any kind of pushing.” Josh said.
“It's because nobody wants to bunk with you. Hell, I didn't want to bunk with you, if you want to know the truth of it.”
“Why the hell did you, then?” Winston asked.
Flea replied with a stern glance.
“Oh. Yea. Because you are the flea.” Winston added.
“Why doesn't anyone want to bunk up with us? We're likeable?” Josh asked. “If it's Winston over here, I'll ask him to sleep outside.”
“No, it's you.”
“Me?” Josh asked.
“What did you do?” Winston asked with an investigatory tone.
“I didn't do anything,” Josh replied, turning to Flea. “I came along at virtual gunpoint, got shuffled into a cell and ate the fucking cake. What did I do?”
“You don't outrank the man in charge, but you out experience him. I think that rubbed the captain wrong. He's not a big fan of yours and nobody in the unit want to bunk up with you. Afraid they'll be linked to you, I guess.”
“It only takes one bad apple.” Winston said.
“Bad apple?” Josh replied. “I'll have you know I don't even like apples. I'm a man of oranges,” he added. “Well, orange juice and vodka.”
“Now I could go for a pack filled with that.” Winston replied with a grin.
Taking a moment to remove a small bottle from a lower cargo pocket hanging from his pants leg, Flea offered the men a swig of just that. The clearest vodka they'd ever seen.
“Between us, right mates?” Flea asked.
“Come here and give old Winston a hug.”
“No,” Flea replied. “Stay back. I'll cut 'ya.”
“So,” Winston said, pausing long enough to blister a path to his stomach with raw vodka. Clinching his teeth with regret. “What kind of experience has the men in charge pissed off?”
“Don't really want to talk about it.” Josh replied.
“What? We're all military here,” Winston said. “Eighth Armored Division for me. Tank jockey, baby.”
“Where did you get the vodka,” Josh asked. The juice of submission punishing him on contact. “On the home improvement isle?”
“Hey now,” Flea warned. “If I'm giving it out for free you have no right to complain.”
“Got me there.”
“I figured a man of your experience could handle its bite.” Flea added.
“What experience?” Winston demanded to know.
“10th Special Forces Group, Fort Carson, Colorado.” Josh finally replied.
“No shit?” Winston asked.
“His record says twenty-two confirmed kills in combat during the Iraq War. Topped off with a bronze star.” Flea added.
“That's a pretty high number.” Winston said, handing the vodka bottle to his more deserving friend.
“It's complicated.” Josh said.
“His jacket says that he and a few in his group were pinned down in Iraq while trying to salvage what they could of a downed copter. Every single one of them should have bought it, but his valor in battle proved to be enough to bring home a handful of soldiers. Including the copter's pilot.”
“Yea, yea,” Josh replied. His words thrown at Flea. “They keep telling me what a good job it was, but it's not like I had a choice. Kill or be killed. Any one of us would have did what he could have to stay alive.”
“I've been shaking up with a hero.” Winston admitted.
“Not hardly,” Josh said with regret. Stuffing a hand-sized flashlight into his pack. “I couldn't even hang on to my girlfriend back home.”
“A soldier's life indeed.” Flea commented.
“I'll drink to that.” Winston said. Finishing off the bottle of vodka, much to Flea's surprise. Displaying very poor Vodka etiquette.

It's never a good stretch of moments when a person lays their head against a pillow – their soul filled with regret, and Josh was no different.
His thoughts were consumed late into the night, understandably, by the lover who had left with only a letter of regret. He'd truly survived unspeakable horrors in combat, only to be cast off like an ailing dog. A burden to a beautiful woman that, ultimately, deserved better. Josh knew it to be true.
But he loved Amanda into the pit of his very soul. Everything Josh was and everything he would ever be, had been tailored around the only woman he'd ever loved. For all of his training and combat against nearly insurmountable odds, Josh found his toughest opponent to be facing the cold hard truth of it all. Wanting someone who doesn't want you back hurt badly.
As the rest of whatever team that had been assembled for the Atlantis trip lay soundly asleep, Josh simply couldn't. He understood that the mission in front of him presented hazards at every turn. Josh and his team could easily be swept under the rug of water, never to be heard from again. To the military, they were the very best in their respective field of training. Also, to the military, they were expendable.
For more than a year, Josh had longed to see Amanda's face once more. He'd be dumped with a very short letter and now faced almost certain death. Still longing to see her face. And, as a thick sweat fell from his brow, Josh remained in bed. Wondering what the future could possibly hold for him. Wondering if he would ever see her face again.
Many times over the past twenty-four hours, he had shrugged it off in public. Simply laughed it off around others and moved on. But, beneath it all, there was no moving on.
The loss of Amanda hurt badly and he would have an entire night of longing for her embrace. The thoughts of her luminous smile and gentle voice left to haunt him every waking hour of silence that his life had planned out for him.

“Up and at 'em,” Winston said. Shaking the arm of his new buddy a bit. “You'd think a man of your background would be easier to wake up. You guys are supposed to sleep with your eyes open and I thought I'd have to drag in a damn symphony orchestra.”
“It was a long night,” Josh replied. “Actually, this whole week has been downright brutal.”
“Well, I hate to be a messenger of ill news, but it looks like you're a hair or two away from losing your bet.” Winston commented with a grin.
“Come again?” Josh asked.
His head pounded from the abuse of too little sleep. Wondering if he would be able to function normally.
“Your girl. She's really warming up to a lieutenant out there. Or he's warming up to her. Not really sure which it is, to be honest.” Winston replied.
“What?” Josh asked. “I'm a lieutenant. What's wrong with me?”
“Well, for starters. You look like you haven't slept in a week.” Flea chimed in. Securing the straps around his pack tightly.
“Yea. You look like shit, man. Try shaving.” Winston added.
“Thanks guys,” Josh replied. “You're too kind.”
“If it were me, I'd get on out there and make a play on her anyway. Before it's too late.” Winston suggested.
“Yea,” Josh said. “I think I may just do that.”
“Go get 'em tiger.” Winston replied.
“Sorriest damn tiger I've ever seen,” Flea whispered. “He looks more like a shaggy, abused mutt.”
“Let's hope.” Winston replied.
“Eh?”
“I got a stack of mighty fine cigars riding on the fact that he strikes out with her.” Winston confessed.
“Well then,” Flea replied. “Make it two stacks. I've always been one for the underdog,” he added, beginning to clap a bit. “Go get 'em tiger.”
Dear God. Why didn't they just string some empty beer cans from my waist. Josh thought as he approached the most beautiful girl in their ranks. Trying his best to ignore the loud encouragement of his friends.
“Good morning.” Erica commented.
“Not really, I feel terrible.” Josh replied.
“I'm sorry to hear that. Something I can help you with?” she asked.
“Not unless you can speed dial my ex-girlfriend and, well, I'm not sure after that,” he replied. “It's been kind of a crazy night.”
“I can see that.” Erica replied with a giggle.
“It's just, well,” Josh said with confidence. Hoping it would mask his look of having just woken up. “I always walk out onto the deck of my tiny little apartment and watch the sunrise. There aren't any windows in this place.”
“Or decks.” Erica stated.
“Or decks. Thank you. And you are really the only woman in here casting off the same warm glow.”
Erica laughed a bit. Choosing not to share her thoughts.
“What?” Josh asked. “I'm not kidding here.”
“Oh, I believe you. It's just that you smell like,” she added with a bit more laughter. “Well, like alcohol.”
“Damnit.” Josh said. Cursing the cheap vodka which rested heavy on his breath, its indistinguishable stench lingering.
“It's kind of refreshing though,” she admitted. “To be hit on by a guy who isn't throwing everything at me at once.”
“I would be. Trust me. But like I said, it's been a hell of a night. Week actually. I don't know. I just stumbled over here to let you know that I think you're fantastic, and, well, I'm pretty much convinced we're going to die while confined inside of a submarine. And I don't want to do that. You know?” he asked.
“Oh, I understand. I don't want to die either.” Erica replied with a bit of a whisper.
“Why are you whispering?” he asked.
“In case you have a headache.” she replied with a warm smile.
“That is extremely thoughtful of you,” Josh admitted. “I mean that. Anytime you feel like swapping out with one of my roommates, I think it would be great. I mean, just take a look over my shoulder. They have me shacked with the absolute worst. Anytime you'd like-””
“Doubtful.”
“Moving in a bit quick for you?” Josh asked.
“No. Well yes, but I meant that we are set to dive today.” Erica confirmed.
“Get out of here?”
“Unfortunately.” Erica replied.
“That sucks.” Josh said.
“It does? Why?”
“Well,” he replied, turning his voice into a whisper. “I'm afraid of small places. And that's our little secret.”
“You're what?” Erica asked with laughter. “Then why in God's name would you sign up for a mission aboard a submarine?”
“What can I say? You just have that warm glow.” Josh admitted with an incredibly serious face.
Their conversation halted for several moments. Silence piercing the ears of both as they locked into a stare.
“Well, I'm going to go now. I have a last will and testament to finish up and vodka to curse. I hope to see you aboard. I'll be the trembling guy with garlic and prayer beads.” Josh said, casting a smile her way as he prepared to walk away.
“Why the garlic?” Erica asked.
“I don't know,” he admitted. “It just kind of fell out without any thought. Always happens when I'm nervous.”
“Well, I hope you have a better morning.” Erica said.
“Thank you,” he replied. “I'm going to try.”

“I like sweet cigars, just so you know.” Flea commented as they continued to watch Josh from a distance.
“It ain't over yet.” Winston barked.
“I don't know,” Flea said. “I think I may have placed my money on the Seabiscuit of romance.”
“Yea,” Winston said. “I hear 'ya.”

“Buckle up real snug now, 'ya hear?” Winston said with a cheese-filled grin.
The team had begun boarding the submarine and securing themselves into five-point harness systems which closely resembled those found in stock car racing.
“This is funny to you, isn't it?” Josh replied with fear. His hands gripping the seats accompanying armrests tightly. He reminded those around him of that guy at the local fair, regretting his decision to ride the “big” ride.
“Well, I'm not going that far, but,” Winston replied. “Well, yea. I won't even lie about it. It's funny. You look like a man boarding a commercial flight that has never flown before.”
For all of the joking inside of his statement, there was also truth. The interior of the high-tech submarine looked eerily similar to the interior of a commercial passenger jet, only smaller. The isle which separated seating was thinner in diameter and the windows which looked out into whatever would surround them, a bit tiny compared to the standard windows aboard a commercial flight. Josh had also been a bit discouraged as he, Winston and Flea were placed among scientists, rather than the military-trained, which seated in a separate compartment at the submarine's rear.
They were outcasts among the military, outcasts among the scientists and, quite frankly, outcasts in almost every imaginable setting outside of the compound. Flea was rather small and loved his adult sauce. Usually in the form of vodka. Winston was as close to a Sasquatch as human genes would allow. His body covered in fur, or, as he called it, man-hair. His face no different and his vocabulary borderline primitive. Josh, of course, carried a broken heart and a black mark in the eyes of his commanding officer, for whatever reason. Perhaps it was his outstanding service record, which had seemed to captivate the military-trained among them. Perhaps it was something else.
Of course none of it matter as Josh gripped the seat like a child and clinched his teeth with fear.
“Won't be that bad, mate. We'll either make it all the way down or be killed so quickly that our minds won't time to register it.” Flea said.
“Not funny.” Josh replied.
“He's right, buddy,” Winston said. “Of course, there's the question of freezing to death vs. strangulation under tons of water. Helpless to do anything but accept it.”
Josh glanced to his new friend with extreme fear. His mind consuming every word.
“Then you really have to wonder how long we'll be laying on the ocean floor before something tears into us with shard-like teeth. Ripping flesh from bone...”
“Alright,” Josh finally said. “I get it.”
“No worries mate. I'm sure everything will go exactly as planned. The military has its intelligence department in on this one.” Flea added.
Sarcasm, of course, and Josh knew it. He'd been a soldier long enough to know that nothing ever went as planned. Especially when the intelligence department was involved.
We are minutes away from dive time. We ask that everyone ensure their packs are secure at this time.
As the man's voice broadcast throughout the interior of the submarine, reality began to set in for everyone aboard. Including the small patch of misfits who continued their discussion.
“Well, there it is. You better make sure your...” Winston began to say.
“I'm not worried about a damn sackful of uniforms and flashlights. To hell with it.” Josh replied loudly. Gaining the attention of several people inside of the cabin.
“Calm down, mate. You're scaring people.” Flea said.
“They should be scared,” Josh fired back. “This could very well be a one way trip, and for what? I don't even know the first thing about Atlantis!”
As Erica walked past, moving to her seat among scientists, she began to see the fear on Josh's face. His gripping hands into leather armrests a dead giveaway.
Stopping for a moment, she contemplated her next move. Assigned to be seated near the front of the current cabin, she also worried about any man who couldn't disguise such a painful fear of small places.
“Are you coming?” a scientist asked.
“Um,” Erica replied. “No. I think I'm going to sit back here and keep these people calm. If they'll have me?”
Winston began to offer his opinion, but found Josh holding his bag outstretched and giving his friend no chance for argument. Winston had been reassigned to a different seat in the front of the cabin, against his will.
“I see how it is then.” Winston growled.
“Hey. Be a wingman.” Flea replied in a low voice.
“How about you be a fucking wingman, you scrawny bastard.” Winston blasted back, not that it mattered.
“Absolutely,” Josh said loudly. Doing what he could to overpower the squabbling men while showing full attention to the beautiful woman. “Winston was just asking how he'd be able to move closer to the front. He loves his science.”
“The fuck?” Winston asked.
“Oh. I hate to be an intrusion in any way.” Erica replied with a warm smile.
“Intrusion?” Josh asked, grabbing a fistful of Winston's jacket from behind and helping pull him to his feet. “You would be doing this man right here a favor.”
“Well, in that case. Thank you.” Erica said.
“My pleasure.” Winston replied, though it was anything but. The brushy faced man turning to scowl at both of the men he called friends.
“Decide to sit back here so I could keep you safe, did 'ya?” Josh asked.
“Well honestly, you looked a bit tense.” Erica replied.
“She means you look scared shitless.” Flea added.
“I know what she meant,” Josh said, turning to the small soldier. “Why don't you read a magazine or eat something.”
“But I'm not hungry.”
“Yea,” Josh said with dedication. “You really are.”
Using the palm of his hand, Josh wiped across his face. His way of bringing a laugh to the vibrant young woman.
“What about now?”
“Yea,” Erica replied with a laugh. “You're still a little bit tense looking.”
Erica answered him with a glance down. Strong fingers biting into the thick of leather as he gripped tightly – his fingertips flush red.
“Yea. You got me red-handed.” he said.
Erica burst with laughter. Catching on very quickly to Josh's quick wit, though Flea struggled with it. Still wondering why he was being forced into eating when he wasn't hungry. The absolute worst of wingmen.

“Where is Erica?” one of the scientists asked as Winston plopped down quickly into a seat near the front of their passenger compartment.
“You are looking at her.”
“Huh?” the scientist asked.
A scowl from Winston answered his question. Setting the pecking order straight from the get go.
“Oh, I see.”
“Just don't get all touchy feely with me and we won't have any problems.” Winston warned.
With his warning came a shifting of the submarine. Stern reminder that their voyage into whatever rested on the ocean floor was about to begin – for better or worse.
“Wake me up when we get there.” Winston demanded.
“Wake you up?” the scientist seated beside him questioned. “Don't you want to see the wonders of the ocean below us?”
“Fuck no,” Winston confirmed. “I'm just here for the fine tobacco, my man.”
Understanding that his new friend had ushered him away so damn quickly because of his own personal quest for something fine, and it wasn't tobacco.

After several days of being sequestered inside of the private military building, Josh and those around him were finally seeing the outside once more. The small submarine pushing itself away from the building and into deeper waters off of the coast – albeit slowly. Their craft remaining atop the water, no longer surrounded by any sight of land.
The plan as everyone understood it, would be to get the submarine to a secure location on top of the ocean's tantalizing waves and then begin a controlled dive beneath the calm of blue water, angling slightly. It would give them a better chance as it would ease them deeper, rather than plunge them quickly into severe depths and the water pressure which came hand in hand. The science team had worked up a specific chart which would be used as the submarine descended, altering its speed depending on the water pressure and allowing the crew to safely reach the ocean floor. Or so they had hoped.
If, during the angled descent, their sub began to show signs of breaking down, they could abort back to the surface of the ocean. Otherwise, their angle should put them very close to the sunken city, if maps and mathematics proved correct.
It would take several hours to accomplish, if things worked out exactly as planned. But Josh didn't anticipate that happening. Aside from his obvious fear, the former special forces soldier thought of another man's statement. Was something larger at work during this mission? Did higher ups within the government, in fact, know more about this sunken city?
Most importantly, would it matter? Josh had been in firefights and conflicts aplenty, and wasn't the least bit frightened of battle. In those situations, he had control, so long as he had a weapon to fight with. This was a different type of combat. A submarine built by scientists was about to enter war against the punishing depths of water that could very easily crush everyone aboard the ship, and Josh was completely powerless to do anything about it. He had no control over the situation and found himself trusting his life to a group of scientists he'd never met before.
That was his true fear. No control and no input, not the idea of death. He'd already died, for the most part, the moment his soul mate had left.
“Try to stay calm,” Erica said. “It'll work out just fine.”
“I hope so,” Josh said. “Otherwise I'm going to be very upset that my heart told me to take a chance.”
“On...” Erica asked. “The mission?”
“Not so much.” Josh replied.
Erica seemed to do a bit of math in her head in an attempt to put his words together. Still, a part of her understood his statement. She offered no real reply, just a turn of the head. Looking away from Josh, though her hand remained on his.
“Vodka is a lot less complicated,” Flea said. Rambling his words to a complete stranger who sat beside him. “That's why I prefer that route.”
“More simple than what?” the stranger asked.
“Anything,” Flea replied. “Everything. It's very direct and you know what you're going to get each and every time.”
The stranger nodded, but still had very little idea what Flea alluded to. Choosing to give such a quick response and move forward, thinking the soldier already drunk. Especially given the small man's limited frame to hold beverage.
The submarine had become a cruise ship of sorts, pushing further out into the flat landscape of ocean and leaving a trail of turbulent water behind it. Escaping into a sun-filled horizon and slowly approaching the designated spot in which it would attempt to make history.




Chapter 2
The Incredible Journey


His fear intensified as the science team confirmed the coordinates. They had arrived to the dive area and wasted no time in doing so.
Slowly, water began to rise from the bottom of each window. Signifying the beginning, or, if the science team didn't live up to its reputation, the beginning of the end.
As each member watched the submarine lowering itself beneath the water's surface, Josh concentrated on the speckles of sunlight which grew thinner by the moment. Wondering if it would truly be his final chance to see the majestic rays that he'd neglected to care about until this very moment. Thinking long and hard about other possible miracles of nature he should have given more attention to.
With his thoughts came the final glimmer of sunlight. Replaced by bright blue water and a growing fear that stabbed his very soul.
“So, is there a significant other back where you came from? Heaven, I believe it's called.”
Josh had hoped for a smile, though he quickly earned the worst response possible. Silence.
“I'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry or anything, I just have a tendency to ramble when I'm nervous.”
“You're nervous?” Erica asked.
Moments later she began to smile, prompting Josh to do the same. His edginess was obvious – strong fingers digging deeply into the overstuffed plush of the arms which ran their course from the seats beneath.
“No. I'm sad to report there's no significant other back home. Not that I haven't had the opportunity, mind you, but I'm much too busy for any sort of romance at this stage in my life.” Erica added.
Josh nodded his appreciation of her willingness to help him though such a tough moment by talking.
“Yourself?” she asked.
“Well,” Josh replied with a bit of hesitation. “It's hard to explain the stage of life I'm in at the moment. I guess you'd call it the, I just had my heart crushed by my high school sweetheart upon returning from military service stage.”
“Ouch.”
“Not a big deal, really,” Josh replied. His statement layered with a thick icing of lies. “Being dumped by way of paper and pencil kind of grows on you with time. Besides, I had the bottle of wine all to myself.”
“That's terrible,” Erica replied. Her thoughts completely vested into his story. “I hope the wine was top-shelf, at least.”
“It was truly fantastic.”
“What happened next?” Erica asked.
“Two not so fine men showed up at my house, strong-armed me into taking the trip of a lifetime, at which time I was locked in segregation, at cake and thought about being dumped. Though I did have the pleasure of meeting a new friend along the way.”
“Oh, why thank you.” Erica replied with blushed cheeks.
“I actually meant the boozer who swapped seats with you.” Josh replied with a grin from ear to ear.
“Oh.” Erica replied.
“Not that you and I aren't friends. Slumming it back here with us non-scientist types, that carries a lot of weight with me. I just can't look at you as the same type of friend. Not yet at least.”
“Why is that?” she questioned.
“Well ma'am, you make me nervous.”
“Come again?” Erica asked.
“I don't know what it is, really. You're either super intelligent or brilliantly gorgeous, and I can't figure out which.”
With his cheese-filled confession, Josh began looking her over closely.
“Yep, that's what I figured. It's both.”
“Oh, you are so full of it.” Erica replied with a giggle.
“Hey, I'm just being honest here. If I happen to run across the most beautiful sunset these eyes have ever seen, I'd have no choice but to announce it.”

“That has to be the scrawniest, mangiest damn dog I've ever seen.” Winston said.
“Not a dog person I take it?”
The scientist questioning Winston was of the stereotype. Relatively thick glasses, very rich on intelligent vocabulary while desperately poor on hair when it came to his shining skull.
“Hell, I'm a dog person through and through. But I like 'em like I take my women. With a little damn meat on their bones, that's all. A bulldog or mastiff, maybe, but what's a little white shit-stain like that going to do for you?
Both Winston and the scientist turned to look the dog over. Typical teacup Pomeranian, its fur bright white and its grin a bit nasty.
“I think it's a very cute breed.” the scientist replied.
“Well, Mr. Martin,” Winston replied slowly enough to read the man's name badge. “I think it's a worthless bag of bones and fuzz.
“It's Roger. Roger Martin.”
“Good to know,” Winston replied. “But it don't change the fact that your taste in dogs is a bit off. Who brings a dog on a damn underwater dive, anyway?”
“None of us own him, technically speaking. At least not outright. He's more of the designated mascot for our science team. He's got a knack for being just as intelligent as anyone aboard this vessel.”
As Winston stared back into the dog's direction, the snappy dog snarled it's very small but pointed teeth directly back. Daring Winston to speak another ill word.
You little bastard. Winston though. His stare never faltering.

They had travelled for several hours. Some of the crew choosing to sleep during much of the descent. As Winston had made clear to those around him before being the first to visit dreamland, they were aboard a submarine and at the mercy of a game between water pressure and their science team. It didn't matter if they were awake to see it happen or sleeping soundly, if the submarine began crushing due to pressure, they were already dead.
He'd also made it very clear to those around him that he was fucking tired. Having been scooped up at a diner near Mobile, Alabama. Winston had now way of knowing he'd be involved in a group sent to find the lost city of Atlantis. Had he of known, Winston may have steered clear of the whiskey only hours before he was picked up. Then again, probably not. But it made for some interesting chatter as Winston bitched and moaned about being nabbed by two guys in a cheap sedan. Just as the rest of their civilian crew had been.
Most of the trip down was calm and flowing according to plan, until the submarine took a strong and unexpected dive, flicker the lights aboard and nearly throwing team members from their seats as Josh gripped his seat that much tighter.
“You can relax,” Erica said. “It's just an underwater current. A rather strong one though, I have to admit.”
“I can't understand you?” Josh admitted. “We're miles under the ocean, surrounded by God only knows what, and you sit there as calm as can be. How do you manage to pull off serenity like that?”
“It's the chance of a lifetime. We could be the very first people to ever visit the lost city of Atlantis.” Erica replied with a glowing smile.
“They unearth all kinds of cities in the desert. I'd much rather be there with an open sky above and the wind to my back.”
“How much do you actually know about Atlantis?” she asked.
“Honestly? Not a lot. I mean, I stayed at an Atlantis themed hotel on the beach once. Outside of that, nothing.” Josh replied.
“Seriously? That's it?” she asked with laughter.
“Hey, quiet down. I have a reputation to uphold here.” Josh said with a grin.
“I can't believe you signed your life away to come on a mission underwater in which we have a flip of the coin chance of surviving, just to explore a place you know nothing about?” she said with continued laughter.
“It's complicated.” Josh replied.
“What's complicated about that? What would possess you to take on a mission like this?” Erica asked.
Josh's answer came in the form of a look. One that spoke volumes within its silence.
“Oh.” Erica said. Her laughing coming to a screeching halt as she found herself without words.
“I didn't have anything to go back home to. I saw you and I took a chance,” Josh said, his eyes meeting hers head on. “Either way, I actually want to live through it.”
“Well, I appreciate the faith you've placed in me, though I fear I'm nowhere close to worthy of it. I listen to dull music, watch classical television and dedicate too much time cooking up fancy dinners for, well, myself.” Erica replied.
“Hey, I like dinner. It's a date.”
“Wait, what?” Erica questioned.
“Well, it sounded like you asked me over for dinner. So I gladly accept.” Josh replied with a grin.
“But I didn't ask. Wait, what?” she nervously pleaded. “I just meant that I cook too much. You know, cookbooks and the such.”
“Well how about this?” Josh asked. “If we somehow manage to get back to the surface in one piece, you cook a favorite dish and I'll bring some really good wine?”
“Hmm.”
“Just a harmless meeting between two friends. Heck, we can even talk about this Atlantis place if you want to. Or, I can tell you about the hotel I stayed at once. I'll even show you the towel I walked away with.”
“But it's not a date, right?” Erica asked.
“A date? Absolutely not, I'll not hear of it. How about this, you can call it whatever makes you feel the most comfortable. Just as long as the food is memorable, I'm sure the rest of the evening will be too?”
“I don't know.” Erica said.
“Alright, how about this,” Josh pleaded. “Just promise me you'll think about it. Give me something to think about here, aside from impending doom and the discovery of a city that I know nothing about.”
“Alright, I'll think about it.” Erica replied.
“Good. It's a date.”
“Wait, what?” she asked.
As the words rolled from her pouty lips, the submarine took another dive. This time, scaring everyone aboard, including the scientists who had looked forward to such a dangerous journey into the endless blue tapestry of water.
“Another current?” Josh asked loudly as panic rippled throughout the vessel.
“Not this strong, no!” Erica replied with panic.
“That figures.” he replied with a loud and discouraged voice.
The sight of soldiers pushing their way through to the captain's area of the submarine told Josh everything he needed to know. Something was wrong. A quick glimpse outside of the small window near their seats confirmed another staggering fact.
The lost city of Atlantis was real.
Though barely visible, he could see sparkling tips of tall buildings clustered together in strange designs – matching the architecture of the buildings themselves. All of it unlike anything he'd seen before.
Only a few hundred feet away and closing fast, the city became larger by the second. Its beauty robbing each person of words. Their fears becoming secondary as the city had a way of captivating each of them.
“Oh my God.” Erica said. Awestruck by the design of such a marvelous city.
“Something is wrong.” Josh replied.
“No. No it looks even more magnificent than I could have ever imagined.”
“I mean with the submarine. Something is wrong. I've seen this kind of panic on the faces of soldiers before and it never ends well.”
Another dive took place. Steel plunging quickly, although the water around it seemed to fade away. A complete free fall as those aboard the doomed submarine brace themselves for whatever impact lay ahead. Josh extending his arm across the torso of Erica, doing what he could to offer her any type of protection as danger closed in.
The next memory burned into Josh's mind was that of impact. Steel wreckage curving around them as the crew's cabin began splintering apart. Piercing sounds of damage and destruction overpowering that of the screaming helpless.

“You alright?” Winston asked.
Josh could make out the shape of Winston's face as the voice fell loudly onto his eardrums. As did a pounding sound, associated with the damning headache in his skull.
“Don't make me resort to using mouth-to-mouth, brother.”
“Oh God no. Please, no.” Josh replied. Extending his left hand upward a bit and praying that Winston's whiskery lips didn't meet his own. Not now, not ever.
“You're OK. Let me help you to your feet.” Winston said.
With that, a strong tug followed a gripping of hands as Josh found himself quickly standing to his feet – though still bewildered.
“What the hell happened?” Josh asked. Doing everything he could to hold a free hand to his brow and fight the headache that continued to pound away.
“Not sure. Nobody is.” Winston replied.
“Erica?”
“She's fine, brother. Just a little banged up and disoriented. A lot of others weren't so lucky.” Winston replied.
“Dead?”
“Yep. Afraid so.”
“Dear God.” Josh replied.
“Those of us who made it are planning to find a way off of this tangled up piece of shit. I guess we'll eventually go from there.” Winston said.
“Good plan.”
“It's a shame that little ragtag son of a bitch made it through.” Winston said with zest. Grumbling his words to the small dog that continued barking. “I'd like to stick my boot a couple of feet up its ass.”
“Could you shut him up?” Josh asked. “He's killing me here.” he added. Continuing to fight a splitting headache.
“Hey, why don't you...” Winston said, reaching toward the dog before quickly jerking his arm back with panic. “The little bastard just tried to bite me.”
Adding salt to injury, the puffy-haired lapdog grinned with a mask of sharpened teeth. Warning Winston to stay away.
“Oh, I'll get 'ya,” Winston said with conviction. “When I get my hands on you, I'll skin your hide and turn you into a pair of bedroom slippers, you little moth-bitten bastard.”
“Let's get everyone we can together and get off of this rig.” Josh suggested.
“That's a good idea. Better get me away from this longhair gremlin before I show him what a big dog can do.”

As the survivors began to ease themselves through one of the few doors left intact, it seemed as though most among them fought the very same headache. Likely brought on by extreme stress and sudden impact.
Looking directly up, Josh saw the ocean above him – though his feet remained firmly planted onto some type of steel flooring. Completely dry, as if he were indoors.
“How can this be?” Josh asked.
“Beats the fuck out of me, young lad.” Winston replied.
“A shield of some type. At least that's the best explanation. Something is in place that's pushing the water back.” Roger commented. Approaching the two men.
“I though this city was supposed to be old?” Josh asked.
“Very old. 400 years B.C., or older and that's only the first mention of it. Atlantis is much older, depending on who you ask.”
“How can that be?” Josh asked. “I'm seeing illumination all over. This place has lighting, so it has a power source of some type,” he added. “What is this place?”
“It's Atlantis,” Erica replied. Walking close to the man who thought of her so intimately. “Just not like the beach hotel you stayed at, I'm guessing.”
“You got that shit right.” Winston added.

“On me.” Captain Ellis said loudly. Ordering his military-trained to form up.
“That's our cattle call, brother.” Winston said.
“No time like the present.” Josh replied.
As the two men approached Captain Ellis, they both grinned a bit. Their newly-made friend, Flea, standing as firmly as anyone left.
“That scrawny son of a bitch is a survivor. I'll give him that much,” Winston commented. “He's tough.”
“Yep. He's a keeper.”
“Listen up,” the captain said. “We've got myself, Pierce, Stills, Patterson, Bethel, Duke and Taylor. That's it. The rest of our trained are K.I.A. That's confirmed.”
“Confirmed? Hell, we had at least thirty soldiers on that oversized tuna can?” Winston asked with confusion.
“Enough, Stills. I'm doing the talking and you're doing the listening. Got it?”
“Yes sir.”
“Like I was saying,” Captain Ellis said, keeping his attention on the man with loose lips. “The rest are dead. We have a lot of civilians and most are injured in some fashion. In terms of security, we're it, so I want everything to go clean cut and by the book. Understood?”
The small group of military-trained let him know that they were with him. Each of them nodding with discipline.
“Good. Orders come from me, fall to Lieutenant Pierce and he'll keep you in line. Anyone disobeys an order, they answer to the barrel of my side-arm. That is non-negotiable. First order of business is to secure a perimeter and work on getting the deceased off of our rig. We may need it to bunk until we find something better.
Sergeant Duke, you're posting to the door of what's left of our submarine. Nobody re-enters without my order. Stills and Patterson, you two find us a secure area close by to hold the deceased crew members. Bethel and Taylor, you two secure the area around our crash site. About two hundred yards on each side and don't touch anything, and I mean ANYTHING. That's a fucking order. Pierce, you're with me. We need to figure out what in the hell happened and go from there.”
“Yes sir.” Josh replied.

“How's the head?” Captain Ellis asked.
“Splitting like a damn banana,” Josh replied. “Sir.”
“I don't doubt that a bit,” the captain replied. “From the best we can figure, our submarine took a free fall of several stories.”
“How is that possible, sir?” Josh questioned. “We were in the water?”
“We're not really sure just yet. Our science team thinks there's some sort of bubble draping over the city. Protecting it from the water. Something to do with a magnetic current, but who can tell. You have to pull keywords out of the scientific babble they spit out.”
Protecting it?
“It's some type of a shield, actually.” David replied.
“Lieutenant Pierce, David Hopkins. David, this is-”
“Yes sir, we've already met,” Josh replied. “What do you mean a shield?”
“It appears to be magnetic, from what we can tell. Something within the city is creating the field, which arcs over the city. Keeping the water at bay, though if metal pulls in close enough...” David began to reply.
“The magnetic field sucks it in like a vacuum.” Josh replied.
“Exactly. It pulled us in quickly, like a blast coaster. Once we got past the magnetic field, our submarine fell from the sky like a tin can. We'd all be dead if it weren't for the layers upon layers of thick steel exterior.” David said.
“Thank God for that.” Josh replied.
“It's just the tip of the iceberg, from the look of things. As I stumbled out of the wreckage, immediately I noticed several things. The city is powered somehow and there is strange writing and markings throughout. And that's just from standing where we are. It's hard to say what our team will find once we begin branching out and exploring.”
“It seems to me like our first order of business should be figuring out a way to get back to the surface.” Josh stated.
“Negative, lieutenant. David and I agree on this issue. We're down here to do a job and as long as we can do it safely, exploration is job number one.” Captain Ellis replied.
“Permission to speak freely, sir?” Josh asked.
“Go ahead with it.”
“We haven't been through the wreckage as of yet, but I'm willing to bet that a lot of essentials were lost. Things like food.” Josh said.
“It's covered, lieutenant. This way.” the captain replied.
He motioned Josh along with a free hand, walking him over to several things which had been pulled from the wreckage. Among them, dozens of large footlockers marked with the same emblem which rested on each crewman's shoulder.
“We've got mobile seed depositories, greenhouse equipment and everything vital to growing and maintaining a viable food source. We prepared for everything, son, and if it came down to it, we could live on this very spot.” the captain said.
“Exactly how long were we expecting to be here?” Josh questioned.
“As long as it takes to search this city through. Weeks. Months, even. Until the job is done, lieutenant.”
“Understood, sir.” Josh replied.
“Now, lieutenant, I'm going to meet with David for a few minutes and discuss plans to set up some type of short-term shelter down here. In the meantime, I need you right here. Make sure all of the deceased are moved from the wreckage and to the designated location, once Stills and Patterson return.”
“Yes sir.”
With a salute, the captain was off to meet with the team's lead scientist. Leaving Josh to think long and hard about their mission. Wondering how much deception was involved – and exactly what their mission truly was.
He knew enough to believe that something bigger was at work. They had effectively made the trip with enough equipment and weaponry to begin colonizing another planet. The fact that a soldier had warned him of a previous trip, well, that just put the situation in an even harsher light. Josh wondered exactly what the group's intentions were, how high up the answers went, and if they even planned a return trip.

“What do you make of it?” Winston asked.
Stopping for a moment, Flea looked ahead with caution. Watching as several glowing hexagons moved along it patterns. Lining themselves near every door's entrance and seeming to change patterns with each passing moment.
“Fuck if I know.” Flea admitted. His combat rifle to the ready and a bead of nervous sweat trickling down from his brow.
“I know one thing,” Winston replied. “If I see anything I shouldn't, it's getting blown to dog shit.”
“No can do, compadre,” Flea cautioned. “We have strict orders not to engage anything unless we're under serious threat. We're just here to secure a spot for the fallen and report back.”
“Well, in that case,” Winston said. “This spot is as good as any. Fuck it.”
“It's in the middle of the hallway?” Flea questioned.
“And?”
“I think the captain meant a room somewhere out of the primary line of sight.” Flea replied with zest.
“Well he didn't say that.”
“Are you seriously afraid?” Flea asked with a chuckle. “That's hard to believe, you're about twice my size.”
“Everybody is twice your size,” Winston jested. “And hell no I'm not afraid. Just cautious. There's a difference.”
“Good. Then cautiously lead the way.” Flea said.
Ya' little cock-eyed fuck. I'll lead the way, but I don't have to like it.
“Single room on the right, see it?” Flea asked as both men continued their walk of 
“Yea, I see it. Who the fuck do I look like, Ray Charles?”
Winston's question was an honest one. A large entryway without doors, though it did contain the same changing pattern of glowing hexagons nearby. It couldn't be missed by the naked eye, leaving Winston to wonder if Flea was truly that vague, or, even worse, if the runt of a sniper was poking fun.
As the two men entered, rifles prepared to go all-in should the need arise, the room opened into a much wider space. Reminiscent of a meeting hall of some type back on the surface above them.
“This will do,” Flea commented. “It's certainly wide open enough, a single entry way and it's a bit off to itself.”
“That's what I was thinking.” Winston replied. A full-blown lie, of course. Winston had anything but the mission on his mind. Wondering how long he could possibly go without a good, stiff drink.
“Can you make it back to let them know?” Flea asked.
“Um-” Winston said.
“I mean, do you remember which turns we made?”
“For the most part.” Winston announced.
“That's a no. Last thing we want to do is wander off and get lost in here,” Flea replied. “Can you sit tight right here while I double back and let the XO know?”
“That I can do. It'll give me plenty of time to mow down a cigar.”
“May want to hold off on that. Could be anything-”
“Oh, I'm smoking,” Winston replied harshly. “You can bet your rosy-red ass on that my vertically-challenged brother.”
“Fair enough,” Flea said. “Hold it down. I'll be back directly.”
“That's a big 10-4, little buddy,” Winston said, cracking a grin as the corner of his mouth held onto a massive cigar. Nearly a half-foot in length, it seemed nearly as wide. By cigar standards, anyway. “If you get lost coming back, just follow the smoke.”
With that statement, a burst of pollution rolled out – offering the hint of rum while providing a near-blind smokescreen. Winston stoking it a bit as the cigar rolled through his fingers for a moment, providing an even burn as the rugged soldier put his back into the far corner of the large room. Resting ass to the floor and rifle to the door – though smoke continued to billow out into the hallway as if Atlantis herself were on fire.
“Alrighty.” Flea said, though he could no longer see Winston's face. Just a dim silhouette of the man who knew nothing about the legend of Atlantis – and everything about the finest of lip torches.

“I say again, do you copy?” Captain Ellis said loudly.
“It's no use, sir,” a scientist replied.
“Excuse me?” the captain asked, reaching down and scanning the name badge of the science officer. “Sam Lindsey.”
“Well, I figure between the water depth and magnetic shield arcing over the city, there's no way possible that we're getting a transmission out.”
“Is that right?” Captain Ellis asked. “And you're one of the better scientists?”
“No sir,” Sam replied. “I am the best. The big cheese. The top dog. One day I plan on letting them build a museum in my honor.”
Those idioms sat with the captain for a moment. His military mind slowly basting the words around like a rack of Carolina pork ribs.
“Well then, big cheese,” the captain said with firmness in his voice. “You head off and find a way to boost this signal enough to get in touch with our people back on the surface. You got that? It's not a request, it's an order – and it's non-negotiable.”
“How do you expect me to do that?” Sam asked.
“However the big cheese among the science field normally do it. In other words, I don't care. Just do it.” the captain replied.
“But I have no idea what is out there?” Sam pleaded. “We literally have no idea what's behind each corner of this city?”
“Lieutenant Pierce!” the captain shouted. “Double-time it!”
“Yes sir?” Josh asked, rushing to his XO.
“Assist the big cheese here. A four-man team, nothing more. Escort him wherever he needs to go in order to establish contact with the surface.”
“Yes sir.” Josh replied.
“And lieutenant,” Ellis added. “Understand that the big cheese is not to return until the task is complete. We clear on that?”
“Crystal.”
“Good,” Captain Ellis said. “Move out.”
“Yes sir.”

“What's with that guy?” Sam asked as the duo of poor souls moved forward, preparing to assemble a team.
Josh was prepared for anything. A combat issued 9MM strapped to his leg, while his hands gripped a FN SCAR. A top of the line rifle, given the circumstances of their mission. Plenty of ammo and fully-suppressed.
“He's a real hard ass.” Josh replied.
“Yea, I'm getting that,” Sam replied with a touch of anger. “He has no idea how difficult it will be to boost a signal down here. Hell, I have no idea how difficult it will be to boost a signal down here. It's not as simple as grabbing some cable, attaching a coat hanger and slapping tin foil to it. I have no idea what I'm working with, no idea where to go from here and certainly no idea-”
“Calm down.” Josh said.
“Calm down? You are the one banned from the tribe unless you complete the biggest miracle of them all.”
“Just take a deep breath. We have to get a couple of guys together first, then we'll go from there.”
“I mean the nerve of that guy! I'm not even in the military!”
“Sam, calm down,” Josh said once more. “Can you do it or not?”
“What, calm down?”
“No!” Josh replied, just as upset as his counterpart. “Can you boost the damn signal, yes or no?”
“Hell yes I can,” Sam replied with his chest out a bit. “I'm the greatest mind here. The rest of these lackeys are peasants under my feet in terms of ability.”
“Because you're the big cheese.”
“Yes. Exactly. It's about time somebody started getting that.”
“Well then, big cheese,” Josh said. “What exactly will you need in order to get it done? Any idea?”
“Well, that is the million dollar question. At this range, acoustic transmission is virtually out of the question. I would think that some type of ELF transmission, once boosted a great deal, would make it to the surface. Though I've no idea what type of shield is hovering above the city.”
“But what do you need?” Josh asked once more. Hoping to end the rambling of a very scientific man. “Laundry list.”
“I'll need a communicator, preferably the main communicator housed aboard our submarine. I'll need one of our better computers, a portable signal tower and Erica Lawson.”
“Erica Lawson?” Josh asked. Immediately drawn to the man's request. Just the mention of her name giving the lieutenant butterflies.
“Part of what makes me so damn smart, is knowing when I need help. I can boost the signal all day long, hell, when I get done we'll be echoing on the surface of the moon. But I don't know anything about the ancient language or layout of their technology. I'll do the work but she can speed the process up greatly by putting me where I need to be. She's an expert on ancient writing and has zero social life to show for it.”
“And your social life is booming?”
“I have parties from time to time.” Sam admitted.
“Well, Erica it is then,” Josh happily replied. “We just need a bit more firepower.”
“What about him?” Sam asked.
Flea was jogging down a long corridor which led to their present location. Rifle in hand.
“Where's Winston?” Josh asked.
“Back this way about six-hundred yards. I know the way.” Flea replied.
“Good. Take me there.”
“But I just ran all the way back here?”
“Well then take a breather, you whiner; it'll give me time to round up one more person anyway.” Josh replied.
“Whiner?” Flea angrily asked.
“I mean it in the friendliest way possible.” Josh added with a grin.
“Yea,” Flea remarked. “Sure you do.”

“Are you sure this is the way?” Josh asked.
A good question, it seemed, as everything looked uniform. The walls were identical in a basic sheen of silver – smooth texture and seamless. In fact, the only true difference was the glowing pattern of hexagons above each door. Some of them emitting a bit of a different color than what seemed to be the standard apricot orange.
“Yes, I'm sure. I'm good with directions.” Flea replied.
“See,” Sam added. “He's good with directions.”
“Just keep your eyes open and guns ready,” Josh said. “As a precaution. I don't like the idea of walking around blind.”
Throughout the exchange of words, Erica remained quiet – worrying Josh a bit. He desperately hoped he was still in her good graces.
“You good?” he asked.
“Yea. Why do you ask?” Erica replied.
“Well, you just haven't been that talkative. Has me a little worried. Beautiful women make me nervous, and when they get silent, I worry.”
“No need to worry, lieutenant. I'm completely overwhelmed right now with wonder and amazement, I suppose. These halls were built thousands of years ago and it's all very interesting to me. To think that a race existed long before we recorded our own history. It's a truly remarkable feeling to be walking their halls.”
“What is all of this?” Josh asked, pointing to the glowing hexagons. They lined the upper portions of the walls, especially in clusters around each doorway.
“From what I can tell, it's writing of some type. Perhaps their own alphabet or language, though highly-advanced.” she replied.
“Interesting.” he admitted.
“Not just interesting,” Erica replied. “Intoxicating.”
“I suppose it is,” he commented. “Or, at least, the smile on your face is at the moment. I can tell you truly enjoy this.”
“There's no place I'd rather be.”
“Hold,” Flea said quietly. “Up ahead.”
“A fire?” Josh asked.
“Well, something like that.”
“Do I smell rum?” Josh asked, sniffing the air with intrigue.
“Indeed you do,” Flea replied. “Vintage Puerto Rico, if I had to guess. He's burning one as long as your leg.”
Josh smiled a bit, while shaking his head in disbelief.
“Flash.” Flea announced loudly, his body hugging the corner of a doorway.
“Bang.” Winston replied, lowering his rifle.
“Looks like a damn forest fire in here, buddy.” Josh said with a grin, entering to meet up with his friend.
“You know it.” Winston replied. Finally crushing the heel of a used cigar beneath his thick combat boot.
“Alright Flea, you know the way back?” Josh asked.
“Of course I do,” the sniper replied snidely. “I just forgot to pack my damn running shoes, sir.”
“OK. Double back and get them started on moving the fallen here. Let our good captain know that I'll continue radio contact every fifteen minutes and we'll do everything we can to get the signal boosted to the surface.”
“Will do,” Flea replied, turning for a moment to smile at Winston. “You folks be sure to have fun.”
“Have fun?” Winston asked, watching the tiny sniper begin jogging away. “The fuck he mean by that?”
“We're going to do a little exploring.” Josh replied.
“Well ain't that some shit.”

“The count is twenty-five total, sir,” Private Bethel replied. Her hair black and her posture one of a greenhorn soldier. “Seven military, the other eighteen civilian. That includes our four person team working on boosting signal.”
“Injuries?” Captain Ellis asked.
“Nothing serious, sir. We had a civilian beat up pretty bad, but I'm sad to inform that he passed on.”
“Alright,” the captain replied. “And we're moving the deceased out to a separate room, correct?”
“Yes sir.” the private replied.
“Good work,” Captain Ellis said. “Work on stripping everything you can from that wreckage. Anything that looks like it may function or may eventually function, pull it. Have our soldiers remain on a parameter in this room. We'll set-up some type of temporary camp right here, as soon as we figure out what resources we have to pull from.”
“Right away, sir.” she replied.
As Private Bethel ran off to relay his orders, Captain Ellis remained standing in the same area. Looking across the wreckage and understanding that his people could be here for an extended time. It was to be expected, and he knew it. He'd thoroughly read through the report by the original team. Captain Ellis understood the real mission at hand, and it was going exactly as planned.

“We'll need to get to the highest point possible,” Sam announced. “Not that it takes the world's smartest man to figure that out.”
“Your best bet would be atop one of the towers at the corners of the city,” Josh replied. “But that looks like a very long hike, no matter how we slice it.”
The team of four stood on the rooftop of a smaller building. Doing what they could to put together a sense of direction. The glimmering shield above them held water back, though not even their brightest scientist understood why. Only a portion of the mystery which shrouded the lost city of Atlantis.
“Is it really our top priority?” Erica questioned. “I understand that communicating with the surface is vital, but we're surrounded by wondrous technology at every turn. We should be making a note of everything.”
“Yea, but we don't know how any of this shit works.” Winston said.
“True,” Erica said in agreement. “But Sam and I are the top among our science team. Together, we could figure out a lot of this on our own. I'm sure of it. It's why the government wants us here.”
“She's right,” Sam replied. “If Erica can figure out their language, or, at least a portion of it, there's no telling what we could achieve as a group. If the shield above is this advanced, it's hard to imagine what some of their other technology may look like once we find it and get the hang of things.”
“And what am I supposed to tell Captain Ellis every fifteen minutes? Don't call us, we'll call you?” Josh asked.
“Look, I'm not saying we abandon the mission here. I'm just saying we could drag our feet a bit and buy a little time to explore. Who knows, maybe we'll find some technology that will help us communicate with the surface that doesn't involve my building a miracle machine of some sort.” Sam replied.
“Alright,” Josh said. “I'll stall them as long as possible, but that's all I can do. The longer it takes, the more pissed off Captain Ellis is likely to be.”
“Who cares? The guy already hates me anyway.” Sam replied.
“The son of a bitch hates everybody.” Winston added, prompting the group of four to begin laughing. Though he spoke the truth.
“So what do we do now?” Josh asked.
“Wait,” Erica said, cutting the words of Sam short and demanding to be heard. “Just take a few minutes guys and look up.”
As they did, Josh immediately understood her reasoning. The view was beautiful beyond any sense of explanation. Pure ocean water resting just a few stories above the tallest building as the city's protective shield held it back – while offering a crystal-clear view of the ocean life above. A bit dark, but illuminated by the lights within the city. Exotic fish swimming in large groups while other, larger creatures of the deep ocean, passed Atlantis with a bit of curiosity. Though very dark, the ocean above was provided enough light to enjoy the fact that they were standing directly below a miracle. Nothing less.
“Poor girl. Always the hopeless romantic,” Sam commented. “You'll never be the best florist by stopping to smell the roses.”
“Huh?” Winston asked. “I have no idea what that even means?”
“It means we have work to do.” Sam replied.
“Well, I thought it was beautiful.” Josh said. Partly due to the fact that it was, and partly due to his interest in Erica Lawson.
“Thank you.” she replied with a smile.
“Oh please, spare me.” Sam commented.
“Well, since your idea of romance is remaining professional at all times,” Erica said. “My professional opinion is that your plan sucks.”
“Come again?” Sam asked.
“If we spend our time climbing stories in a single building, we'll likely find the same thing over and over again. If their race was anything like every other recorded race, they will house similar technology and equipment by building. We could use that time to cover as much area as possible, and, in turn, discover a variety of technology.”
“The young lady has a point.” Josh added.
“Well then,” Sam huffed. “The first order of business is to learn the native language. That's on you.”
“I'm already working on that. I'll know a majority of it within the hour. The designs are very complex, but I suspect they only appear to be that way. I'm leaning toward the ancients using a very simplistic and elegant language.” Erica replied.
“So,” Sam replied. “Which way?”
“Allow me.” Winston said, stepping in front of the young woman and pulling his combat revolver.
Lying it onto the stone flooring, Winston gave a hefty spin. The revolver eventually slowing to a standstill.
“This way, folks.”
“Oh, OK. Is that a military thing?” Erica asked.
“No,” Josh replied quietly. “I think that's a Winston Churchill Stills special.”
“Churchill?” she asked.
Her question answered quickly as Winston pulled another well-rounded cigar from his jacket and blazed up. As if the entire ocean rested on his very shoulders.




Chapter 3
One Upon An Ancient


“What do you make of it?” Sam asked.
“I'm not sure.” Erica replied.
The beautiful archeologist smoothed her hand across stone that appeared to hold the impression of some type of language. Chiseled into the thick rock, though it had been skillfully crafted with good technology.
In fact, everything about Atlantis seemed like a dream. Pure construction of seamless design. Each stone presenting itself as a masterpiece below miles of ocean.
“I thought she knew everything?” Winston asked.
“No,” Sam replied. “That's me.”
“I'll need a few minutes,” Erica replied with aggravation. “Besides, it's not like I'm reading a finger-painting. The ancient race seemed to be very complex in their designs. In everything, for that matter.”
“Maybe we should head back?” Sam questioned. Beginning to go back on his earlier statement as the thought of a pissed-off captain came to mind.
“It's their language, that's for sure. Several of the designs match up much like any other alphabet would,” Erica said. “I just haven't cracked the code entirely. It looks like a street sign of sorts.”
“I say we go this way.” Winston replied, pointing to his left.
“Why?” Sam questioned. “How could you possibly know what it says?”
“I don't. But the symbols kind of roll off tongue, 'ya know?”
“No. No, I don't know.” Sam replied.
“Either way, I think Winston is right,” Josh added. “The lighting seems to be much better to the left and I'd like to know what is ahead before we're on top of it.”
“That's because it's a narrow hallway. Very narrow, I might add.” Sam protested. Completely against the idea of walking into a confined space.
“What's the matter, Sam? Don't trust a couple of handsome men in uniform?” Erica asked with a grin, preparing to head down the narrow hallway.
I'm as handsome as anyone here. He thought. Reluctantly joining the small group and praying they didn't live to regret the decision of a half-educated man.

“What is it?” Winston asked.
The group had walked nearly six-hundred yards of winding tunnel. The height overhead barley high enough to support a standard man's walk, with block nearly touching their arms on both sides. Certainly a nightmare for anyone opposed to small spaces.
“It's a room.” Sam replied.
“I know it's a damn room!” he growled in response. “I mean what kind of room is it? I've never seen one rounded off like this?”
“Who cares,” Josh said. “Anything has to be better than another stretch of hallway. I'll just be glad to get somewhere that I can stretch out a little.”
Winston's question came with merit. The room was rather large, especially considering the narrow hallway which had led the group there. It quickly began to take the shape of a large dome as the group entered slowly. A large indoor theatre, at least in structural design, although it had no screen to show the summer's miserable box-office flop.
Just a few chairs which looked uncomfortable as hell – each of them facing the wall and appearing to be perfect spaced when imagining the room divided into fourths. Seamless work in a perfectly circular design, which seemed odd, given the fact that it must have been constructed thousands of years before any of the team members were born. Perhaps even millions.
“A very strange design,” Erica commented. “All of this open space but only a handful of chairs. Nothing else?”
“Must be like a lounge or something.” Winston commented.
He made it no secret that a hunt for alcohol was on. His concentrated eyes skimming every dimly-lit inch of floor space.
“A lounge?” Sam asked as Erica and Josh cautiously looked things over. “I doubt an ancient civilization paid ten bucks to come down here and watch the big game. They had far better things to do.”
“What is it then, smartass?”
“These are numbers.” Erica replied, using her soft hands to lightly brush across the illuminated symbols which circled the wall.
“Huh?”
“I mean the symbols lining the walls that circle the room. They are numbers. Completely different designs from what we've seen this far, plus I'm only counting ten variations. We can assume one of them stands for nothing – or zero.”
“What the hell are you doing?” Josh asked.
Winston had taken it upon himself to begin pressing several of the large, perfectly-squared tiles which mounted to the stone walls around them.
“Dialing it up.”
“Dialing what up?” Josh asked, grabbing his friend's hand. “This isn't a damn television show.”
“He's right. If it were, we'd likely be replaced for professional wrestling.” Erica added with a grin.
“Not funny.” Josh replied.
“It's not a phone,” Sam argued. “And even if it was, you don't just dial it up! You could literally be calling anyone, and then what?”
“If I don't want to talk, I hang it up. That's what I do at home,” Winston defended. “And that seems to work just fine.”
“Are you kidding me right now? How on earth could a specimen of man be so nearsighted and full of the most primitive thinking imaginable?” Sam asked.
“The fuck did you just say?” Winston asked loudly, leaning in to Josh. “What did he just say to me?” he whispered.
“Oh for crying out loud,” Sam answered with sarcasm. “I mean this could be anything. Maybe it's a phone, maybe it's a bomb. For all we know it could be a spaceship.”
“But we aren't in space?” Winston replied. “Dumbass.”
For a man that had barely passed his written requirements for the military, calling one of earth's top scientists a dumbass was above and beyond. Still, it led to Winston “Churchill” Stills poking his chest out proudly, as if he'd been the victor of some phantom battle of wits. He'd been in worse scrapes.
Meanwhile, Sam was crushed. Not that Winston's insult hit home, but rather the significant language barrier. Sam felt as though he were talking to a true-blue ancient because their vocabulary was in such need of a translator. Wondering if Winston's bloodline had made its way from primitive times – without the evolution.
“Just have a seat my man. Have a cigar or two and let our beautiful lead lady here take a look before we go pushing anything else.” Josh asked calmly.
“You ever tried to smoke two of these tree branches back to back?” Winston asked. “Not happening, chief, but one will do. Tired of walking anyway.” he replied, casting a snide look to Sam.
“I'm not sure what to make of it.” Erica said.
“It has to be a room of some type of significance. The architecture is too strange to be anything else. It's secluded from the rest of the city as well, but certainly not a storage area of any type.” Sam replied.
“Not to mention the really long hallway to get here,” Josh added. “I know if I had spent that much time leading up to something, it would have to be important.”
“I'm not quite sure. It honestly could be anything from a laboratory to some type of an archive room.” Erica agreed.
“But there's nothing,” Josh said. “No computer systems of any kind. No furniture beyond a handful of chairs. No real central point to the room.”
“And it's dome-shaped.” Sam added.
“Yep,” Winston chimed in, puffing away the equivalent of a small forest fire “You're a real fucking genius.
Sam made it well known that he couldn't understand or even respect a man with such ill-manners. Doing so with a very hard stare, which was no easy task given the growing cloud of smoke around them.
“Lieutenant, it's best if we head back and give the people in charge our findings. Maybe, eventually, we can get a team of scientists down here to the lower areas. I agree, though; there seems to be a sense of priority in this area.” Erica said.
“Sounds good to me.” Josh said.
“But I just lit up?” Winston asked, having only burned a few inches from his overstuffed cigar.
“Bring it with you, we need to move out.” Josh replied.
First you tell me to sit down and relax, then, when I do, it's back onto my feet to start humping it again. I'm about tired of this shit.
“And Winston, take our flank. Anything follows us, it's bound to hit a wall of smoke on the way.” Josh said.
“Yea, I guess.” his friend grumbled.
“I'll take point and -” Josh began to reply, quickly stopping his statement and walk.
“What is it, lieutenant?” Erica asked.
“Jungle.”
“Come again?”
“See for yourself.” Josh said without moving an inch.
Erica stood beside Josh at the dome's entrance, which used to lead back to a winding tunnel of stone. Sharing in his awe as, sure enough, a jungle stood before them. Nearly a ten foot drop from the end of the room's entrance to the wet soil below.
“I thought we were underwater and shit?” Winston asked, a limp cigar nearly dropping from his mouth.
“We were.” Josh replied.
“You just HAD to go pushing buttons!” Sam blasted.
“Hey, I didn't do this,” Winston said. “Did I?”
“You're like an unshaven, illiterate bull in a china shop, always swooping in with your ill-chosen words and having your way with science that's well past your intellect. Plus, your cigar smells like shit!”
“I'm about tired of you trying to insult me with these fancy words!” Winston replied, preparing to defend his own honor.
“Relax, both of you!” Josh demanded. “It doesn't matter how we got into this predicament, we just need to figure out how to get back to Atlantis. How is something like this even possible? I mean, going from underwater to a jungle? You can get us back, right?” he asked, turning to the beautiful woman beside him.
“I,” she replied with fear. “I don't know. It has to be something with the numbered tiles on the wall. But it will take some time, I'm afraid. I'm like you, I've never seen anything like it. Never even imagined something like this. There's no telling what type of technology the Atlanteans have.”
“Oh, this right here is fantastic,” Winston said. “We have no idea where we are, or how we even got out of the ocean, for that matter. No supplies and no clue how to get back. Yep, this is just great.”
“Oh no,” Sam replied. “You don't get to shit in the pizza box and then point at someone else on this.”
“Sam,” Erica replied. “Show a little professionalism. He's only trying to help. We don't know for sure he did this.
“Thank you very much, little lady.” Winston replied.”
“Well, our top priority should be figuring out how to get back. We'll need to stay as close as possible, but there's no sense in all of us sitting here on our hands when it seems to me that we need to do what exploring we can. So, if and when we do get back, we'll have something to report,” Josh said. “Winston, you stay with Erica and let her work on a way back. Sam, you're with me.”
“Josh,” Erica replied. “I mean, lieutenant. Is that really a wise idea? We have no idea what might be out there?”
“Relax miss science. I may not know what out there,” Josh said, pointing into the dense jungle. “But I know what is back there,” he added, pointing toward the hallway which had led them to the dome. “An empty house, wrecked credit and an ex-girlfriend who broke my damn heart and took everything I had.”
“Yes, but,” she defended. “That is only your past. It's not the rest of your story. We have no idea where we are now, but I can tell you with certainty,” Erica added, moving her beautiful eyes upward onto the sky. “These star patterns are completely different. We're not on the same planet.”
Everyone took a moment, letting her words sink in as they looked overhead. Four moons, all of them different sizes, hanging overhead in a sky filled with the unique twinkling of star patterns.
“Thanks for worrying so much about my safety, but I'll be fine. I plan to give Sam here a sidearm, just in case we run into something, well, monstrous. We're obviously breathing air, otherwise we'd be dead by now. I've had a little training, so I'll be just fine. No need to worry your pretty self about anything.”
“What? Monstrous? Why do I have to go trekking out into the unknown swamp? I've never even shot a gun before!” Sam replied.
“Because, if I leave you here with Winston, he's liable to kill you. On the other hand, if I leave you here with Erica, something out there may swoop in and kill you both.” Josh replied with a grin.
“Good point.”
“And Winston,” Josh said. “Keep a damn good eye on Erica. Guard her with your life. The rest of my story may depend on it.” he added, shooting a grin her way.
“You got it, boss. What I lack in vocabulary, I make up for in killing shit.” Winston replied, grinning ear to ear.”
And smoking shit. And drinking shit.
We'll be fine, lieutenant,” Erica said with a warm smile. “You just make sure you both come back in one piece.”
“You can count on that. You owe me a date.” Josh replied with a grin.
“I owe you dinner, not a date,” Erica said, though Josh and Sam had both turned to head out into the unknown land around them. “I stated the terms up front. Very clearly, I might add. Dinner and music, that's it.”
“That's the textbook definition of a date.” Sam replied.
“Huh?”
You sure did. Josh thought, continuing to grin.

“Still no contact?” Bruce Ellis asked.
“Nothing, sir,” Private Bethel replied. “I've tried several times. Absolutely nothing on the portable radios. Maybe they need fresh batteries.”
“Very doubtful. I've read Pierce's jacket from cover to cover, he'd never make a greenhorn mistake like that. He's most-likely wandered off against orders. That seems to be his rap as a soldier.”
“Out of range, maybe?”
“Maybe. Just keep on that radio every fifteen minutes or so. Just make sure Hopkins keeps his team of scientists working on trying to contact the surface. If our team out there can't find their way back, we'll have to make due without an antenna. We're supposed to have the smartest people in the world down here. Tell them to make it happen.”
“Yes sir.” Private Bethel replied.
“And Bethel,” Captain Ellis said. “Send Sargent Duke my way.”
“Yes sir.”
The captain had his orders. While contacting the surface was priority number one, he had arrived for a purpose. If the scientists wanted to believe it was a mission of exploration, let them. It cleared the way for Captain Ellis to do what needed to be done.
“Sir?” Sargent Duke asked.
“Speak freely,” Ellis replied. “It's time to get the show on the road. Important people are counting on it,” he added, looking down to his rugged military watch. “I can watch this area with my eyes closed. You take the military-trained and get to it.”
“And if the others ask questions?”
“Then you stick a gun in their face and tell them to look the other way.”
“I can do that.” Sargent Duke replied.
“I know you can, that's why I wanted you here with me.”

“So, you've got a date lined up with Erica?”
“Well, it's not a date. Technically. More like a get together over food.” Josh replied.
“That's a date.” Sam acknowledged.
“Erica doesn't seem to think so.”
“Yea, she's a woman. Women don't like to commit to anything, until, of course, they want you to commit to something. At which point you commit or run the risk of getting dumped like you had the plague.” Sam replied.
“I bet you have an interesting love life?” Josh asked.
The two men walked slowly along a path of narrow mud which rested snugly between two areas of very tall grass. Heavily wooded as dense forest stood to both sides.
“Not really, surprisingly.”
Surprisingly?
“You see,” Sam replied. “I generally don't have a lot of time for romance, given the whole smartest man on the planet deal I have going. You know?”
“Tell you what,” Josh replied. “IF we ever make it back to familiar surroundings, I'll buy you a beer. Just to get you out of the house for an evening.”
“Only primates drink beer.”
“Well then, I'll take you out and buy you whatever it is you drink. How does that sound?” Josh asked.
“Vista D'oro Farms Sangria.”
“Huh?” Josh asked.
“The name of a drink I had in Spain once. Best splash of alcohol I've ever had. Exquisite blend of taste and freshness.”
“Oh, I see.”
“Not a fan, huh?” Sam asked.
“I'm just more of a get hammered from whatever is on tap kinda guy. But only if the bartender is a cute young female. Otherwise I walk.”
“You walk?” Sam asked.
“Yes, I walk,” Josh confessed. “Bars, taverns, pubs – they're all a dime a dozen. If I'm going to spend money getting hammered and likely making a fool out of myself, I'm going to do it with a young, attractive woman serving the drinks. Male bartenders call cabs, but attractive females, well they tend to give you a ride home themselves if you're cute enough. You remember that piece of advice and you'll be just fine.”
“I see,” Sam replied. “Well, I'm not exactly what women consider cute. Smart, yes. Cute, not so much.”
“See, you have it figured all wrong. Women who serve alcohol are a different breed. They're used to seeing good looking guys that continually hit on them. When a guy comes in and is more passive about things, it grabs their attention. You become that cute puppy dog that isn't interesting in being petted,” Josh said. “And trust me, when it comes to women you can be sure of two things. They love cute puppies and they will pet.”
“I could stand a good petting.” Sam replied.
“Yea,” Josh replied. “A good-looking female bartender can't stand it when a guy like yourself comes in and shows almost no interest. It becomes like a challenge of some sort. It makes you mysterious in their eyes.”
“Are you pulling my leg?” Sam asked.
“Trust me,” Josh replied. “I've turned down a pile of phone numbers that could have been future love interests. All because of a damn girlfriend,” he added. “Well, ex-girlfriend who's now watching my big screen television. I loved that damn television.”
“That's got to be tough.” Sam replied.
“I don't want to talk about it.” Josh said.
“I understand.”
“I mean, to love a woman as long as I have and to be faithful to her when I've had SO many opportunities not to be,” Josh replied. “It just pisses me off.”
I thought you didn't want to talk about it? Sam thought. Why me, God? Why me?
“I gave that woman everything. Everything I had. Just to come home to a damn letter saying goodbye.”
Quick, think of your happy place. Sam thought.
“And the sex,” Josh said. “Man, it was mind-blowing.”
Oh no, oh no. Sam thought, doing what he could to pass on the one-sided conversation by mentally humming his favorite songs.
“But it was a lot more than just sex, you know?” Josh asked.
“Absolutely,” Sam replied. “I definitely know.”
“And then I meet Erica and it's like the man upstairs put her into my life, do you have any idea what that feels like?”
“Erica is alright, I guess.” Sam commented.
“Alright? She's the most magnificent person I've ever met. Seriously, it's like the sun rises in her eyes.” Josh said.
“Um,” Sam replied. “I got nothing.”
“Part of me just wants to scream out I love you, maybe that would do the trick? But then again, taking that approach could go very wrong, very fast. She's too good for a direct approach. She deserves the best.”
“She's not that incredible, you know? Erica snores sometimes, rambles on about history to the point of lunacy and eats other people's lunch out of the refrigerator. Who does that?” Sam asked.
“Man, I wish I could just talk to her like you do.” Josh said.
“Who, Erica?”
“Yes, Erica. Try to keep up,” Josh replied. “There has never been a woman in history to make me fumble words like she does.”
“There's nothing to it, really. I just speak and the words come out. Of course I'm not obsessed with her, either. It's just like you and I talking right now.”
“Yea,” Josh said. “Yea, it is, isn't it?”
“Did I miss something?” Sam asked.
He could see the look skimming across Josh's eyes. Understanding that something bigger was at work.
“I just had a great idea.”
Oh God, no. Sam thought.
“Let's just say, in theory, if you and I BOTH had dinner with Erica. I may just be able to talk more openly. You know, be myself.”
“Won't fly.” Sam replied.
“Why not?” Josh demanded to know.
“Because guy, it's fucking weird. I don't want to be an extra guy hanging around on someone else's date.”
“Well, we'd bring another girl along to make it seem legit.” Josh said.
“Who is this other girl? Does she know yet?”
“No.” Josh replied.
“Well, do I at least have a say so in who this other girl is?” Sam asked.
“It doesn't matter,” Josh said. “Those are just details. We can figure all of that out later, when the day approaches.”
It does matter! Sam thought.
“But, it was just a thought. Chances are slim that we'll ever see Atlantis again. Much less the world above that we're so used to.” Josh said.
“Well, let's hope we do. I need a date.” Sam admitted.
“It's not a date, it's dinner. Erica made that perfectly clear.” Josh commented with a grin – his usual sarcasm.
“Yea, well, we'll see about that. I'll not let some attractive history buff stand in the way of me and a date that I'm not having yet,” Sam replied. “Or has no clue I'm alive.”
“I like the way you think.” Josh admitted.
“You'd like the drinks in Spain, too. You have no idea what you're missing out on.” Sam replied.
“That's usually the case the morning after.” Josh confirmed.
Raising his fist to the air a bit and clinching tight, Josh froze in place.
“What is it?” Sam asked.
Clinching his fist even tighter, Josh looked aggravated.
“What? I don't know what that means?” Sam commented with a whine.
“It means shut up for a second.”
“Well that's rude.”
Josh clinched his fist again, this time brandishing it toward his scientific friend as if it were a weapon.
For several tense moments, the pair of men stood silent. Josh listened to his surroundings and watched patiently. Hoping his extensive training proved correct.
Finally letting his fist down, Josh seemed to ease up a bit.
“Must have been nothing.”
“For future reference, I don't know military terms. You may have to translate.”
“Hold!”
The voice seemingly came from nowhere, as did the six soldiers who stepped from the tree line. They wore a strange looking armor, which appeared to be a mixture of metal and cloth. The armor was silver – trimmed with red, while the unique weaponry appeared to be the only difference. Solid black and very bulky by Josh's standards. Aside from their attire, the soldiers looked human enough.
“Hold with guns blazing,” Josh said. “That means put your damn hands up in the air, as a translation.”
“I know that. What do you think I am, a complete idiot?”
“Silent!”
Josh turned to look at his friend, hoping he understood well enough to keep his mouth shut for a few moments.
“Collect their weapons.”
One of the soldiers seemed to bark all of the orders. That, combined with the unique markings on his uniform, gave Josh the impression that he was definitely in charge. Well-muscled with shoulder-length black hair, the soldier looked capable enough. A bit whiter than most people he'd grown used to, the soldiers looked just as surprised to see them.
“State your purpose.”
“Come again?” Josh asked.
The lead solider looked to another of his kind. Confused, though he finally turned back to the two members of the Atlantis team.
“State your purpose before I gut you like a wild heron!”
“What?” Sam asked with panic. “Please, no gutting is necessary,” he added. Bumbling his words throughout. “We're lost, that's all. We come in peace.”
Josh waited to hear a reply, instead hearing Sam begin spouting off his name and social security number.
“What are you doing?” Josh asked.
“This is what you are supposed to do. Give them your name and social security number, I saw it on a movie once.”
“Are you kidding me right now?” Josh asked. “It's your name, rank and serial number. Not your damn social security number.”
“Oh?”
“A person can use that and completely destroy your credit. You should know that. You're the chief scientist among peons.”
“You!” the soldier growled. “Speak of your intentions.”
Pointing his unique rifle into Josh's face, the elegant curves of the seamless metal weapon gleamed from the sparkle of stars above. It was the size of a grown man's thigh, mirroring a hand-cannon.
“Look, if you're going to shoot me, do it. Otherwise, if you would listen and quit belching orders every five seconds, I'd be glad to tell you what we know, which isn't much. But my friend is right, we come in peace. We're not looking for war, we're just lost.”
There seemed to be a stare off between the lead warrior and Josh, which made every else remain on edge.
Finally, the soldier lowered his rifle. Standing firm and awaiting answers.
“Thank you,” Josh said. “My name is Lieutenant Josh Pierce and my friend here, he's one of our people's brightest scientists.”
“THE brightest scientist. The name's Sam Lindsey.”
Sam extended his hand for a shake – quickly pulling it back and realizing the new race had no idea what a handshake even was.
“We're lost, to be honest. One minute we're in a room shaped like a dome. The next minute, we're walking through a damn swamp with no clue as to where we are. Even the stars above look different.” Josh replied.
“We know a guy who likes to push random buttons.” Sam added.
“Quiet.” the warrior scolded, giving his attention back to Josh.
“Where are the others now?” the lead soldier asked.
“There are no others.” Josh replied.
Shouldering his rifle to the ready once more, the solider looked tired of conversation. Proving he was well-experienced.
“The room you speak of. It will not operate without four souls. No more, no less. The next lie that falls from your mouth will be your last.”
“OK, damn. There are two more and they are safe, I assume. One is a solider like myself and the other is a scientist. That's it. We didn't come here to do any harm and we're more than willing to leave, if you can point us into the right direction.” Josh replied.
“And show us how. We haven't quite figured out how the, um, room, operates.” Sam added with a grin.
“I believe you. As a soldier, I would do whatever I could to protect those fighting beside me as well,” the soldier replied, lowering his weapon. “I am Darian, champion warrior to Princess Lauren. She would very much like to meet you, I'm sure. But your weaponry will need to remain in our possession.”
“Fair enough.” Josh replied.
A strange new world inhabited by a unique alien race. More than most people could handle, Sam put it to the back of his mind. Mentally checking off candidates for a double-date, as they marched forward through the muddy terrain toward the promise of a castle and its princess. Wondering how the day could get any worse.
Truth be told, he needed a good petting.

“I don't believe it,” David said. “I just don't believe it.”
“We found it about an hour ago, sir,” Roger Martin replied. He was a scientist as well, though not even close to ranking as highly as lead scientist David Hopkins. “Go ahead, try it for yourself. It seems to work with just a bit of pressure. I guess it's the Atlanteans version of Windows.”
“That's all we need. Two versions without a start menu.” he joked.
David seemed hesitant at first – eventually stepping forward and placing the weight of his body onto a small platform built within the floor. Its very thin outline meshing well with the trim of mighty stone tile.
As David's body weight pushed downward, a holographic display illuminated the wall in front of him. The woman quite beautiful, with blonde hair and a satin white dress trimmed in the darkest of reds. Her eyes cutting their way into the men, though her images had been captured thousands of years before. She had been recorded such a long time ago, yet, the woman's hologram seemed to interact with the men. Her eyes following them as if she were in the room at present day.
“Go ahead, ask her anything. This eventually loops through. Sort of a main menu and a very attractive one at that.” Roger said.
“I'll say,” David replied. Mesmerized by the woman's beauty, grace and, of course, the fact that she had been a member of an ancient race. “Tell me about your people.”
It was a very eerie feeling as the hologram turned to gaze at David. The computer program advanced beyond anything of our own understanding. Giving both of the men a feeling like the woman was actually standing before them – only in holographic form.
“The Atlantian race was once strong and proud. Our reach was far beyond a hundred planets, each of them glistening with cities of advanced technology and peace. And so it was this way for tens of thousands of years.”
“What happened?” David asked.
“We did not fall to alien races. In fact, we discovered no such race beyond our very own. Our downfall came from within after expanding our reach to hundreds of planets. Greed and power to blame.
As our people found themselves in full civil war, many of our scientist began working on the end all. A single design that could end the war and perhaps even cure its cause. Once again restoring us to peace.”
David seemed intoxicated by the woman's information. Hanging from every word and truly understanding her statement, as he had seen it many times before on the world that was.
“And your scientist invented a weapon?”
“Indeed,” the woman's hologram replied. “Though it was not originally intended in such a way. The original design for the Julian Aspect Warrior was that of a peacekeeping officer. Their frame completely designed of metals and their innards nothing but circuitry and computer operations systems. They were to be the protectors of our civilization, while filling the void in areas that we lacked sufficient bodies. Tasks deemed too dangerous for our own kind, were then passed down to the Julians.”
“Julian Aspect Warriors?” David asked.
“Yes. Our people quickly named them JAWS for short.”
“How did this design fail your people?”
“Doctor Julian Aspect, our chief scientist, tailored the warriors to adapt to their surroundings so that they may learn compassion, when needed. They adapted too well, learning of our civil war and the natural instinct within each of us to want more. Consume more. To the JAWS, we became a plague among them. Beneath them, even. They began to see themselves as superior beings and, in their eyes, we had become the servants.”
“So they wiped your people out?” David asked.
“Not entirely. We were very strong and proved to be a much tougher opponent than the JAWS had anticipated. Their ability to adapt soon gave birth to far superior soldiers, built by their own hands. They had become their own race, and over time they began to crush us. Planet by planet, they sacked our largest cities and pushed us back as our own civil war continued to unfold.”
“I need to know why Atlantis is here. Under our deepest ocean? I need to understand why this technology was left for my own people?”
“The city of Atlantis once stood in a great valley beneath fresh trees, large mountains and the serenity of open air. Your world was devastated by a great flood which changed the landscape of your entire planet – burying Atlantis beneath miles of ocean in the process. Our scientists had the foresight to plan for anything, and luckily Atlantis is equipped with a shield which can push back the force of water.
Your people and my people are one in the same. As the JAWS pushed us to the brink of extinction, we began to hide. A once mighty race reduced to nothing, within a hundred years' time. We built two remaining cities, one of them Atlantis and one of them Altaria. They are sister cities in every conceivable way, even linked together so that one day, there is hope our people can rise again. Perhaps our brightest can exterminate those mechanical masterworks who hunt us to this day. Ultimately, Altaria fell during the civil war.”
“The Julian Aspect Warriors are still out there?”
“Yes.”
The computer program confirmed David's worst fears. Not an alien race, but a race of machines built thousands of years ago – each far more advanced than anything back on the surface above them.
“My name is David. I am one of the brightest among my people. There is hope that I can, one day, help to defeat this enemy. But I will need to know as much as possible about its design. I need to know everything about the JAWS.”
“Yes. Our brightest told us this day would surely come. On the fourth floor of this building, below a mountain of steel and circuitry, you will find your answers. Schematics, original blueprints, digital logs from our scientists and even a single JAWS in captivity.”
“There is a Julian Aspect here?” David asked with shock.
“Yes. Locked deep inside a vault of technology that can aid you in your studies. Do not fear,” the woman said. “Our scientists have employed a fail-safe to ensure the prisoner will never escape.”
“I will need to know the room location? I would very much like to begin studying right away.” David said.
“It is located on the fourth floor. You will need no room location – trust in that. Your ears will know of the way.”
Her words dug fear into him, eyes speaking of something important.
“Thank you,” David replied. “May we speak again later?”
“Yes. It is my purpose to assist you at any time.”
The woman once again seemed to act as if no one was standing in the room. A computer menu resetting back to its main screen, in holographic form, of course.
“I didn't catch your name?” David asked.
Once again appearing to boot up within an instant, the computer program prompted the woman to turn to David.
“David, my name is Amelia.”
“Very well, Amelia. Until next time.” David replied.
Turning to leave the room Roger had dubbed The Library, David had given his friend of many years a strange feeling. It was obvious that the man was growing very attached to the hologram of a woman that had lived thousands of years before. Too attached, quite frankly, to be considered normal.

The castle was much smaller than they had imagined, but designed with elegance. Seamless stones pointing into the sky at its corners, while the bulk of castle looked like a well-sheltered city.
Hundreds of soldiers were visible, most of them forming up for the return of their champion warrior.
“You are lucky the others did not find you.” Darian said.
“The others?” Josh asked.
“Yes,” he replied, turning to the soldiers with him. “I'm sure the princess will speak to you of them. She will want to meet you both, as well as your friends, but no harm will come to any of you. You have my word. You will need to be placed in holding under guard, I'm sure you understand?”
“Yea, I do.”
“Good. May our people begin a long friendship with the meeting that soon will come.” Darian said in a hopeful voice.
With his words, both Josh and Sam were handed off to a small group of warriors – to be escorted to a place of holding.

“Anything yet?” Winston asked.
“Not really, no.” Erica replied.
She continued to work with the patterns and do what she could to get them back home in one piece.
“Ma'am, I'm sorry,” Winston replied. “I honestly didn't mean to-”
“You don't have to apologize. Nobody expected this to happen. Do you remember which set of tiles you might have pushed, by any chance?”
“Absolutely.” Winston confessed.
“You do?” Erica asked.
“Sure do. What I lack in manners I make up for in memory.”
“And killing things.” Erica said with a grin.
“And killing things.”
And smoking shit. And drinking shit.
“If you could just point them out.” Erica said.
“I pushed the star looking thing, the three circles and then the triangle with arrows.” Winston said.
“In that order?”
“Yes ma'am.”
“I see.”
“Do you think that helps us?” Winston asked.
“I think so, yes. You may just prove to be the hero in all of this, believe it or not.” Erica replied.
“No shit?” he asked, regretting his choice of words. “I mean, no kidding?”
“No kidding,” Erica replied. “Everything about this room is so basic. I think it's just a matter of pressing the tiles in the opposite order. Or pushing the celestial order that represents the city of Atlantis.”
“Hmm.” Winston said, never wanting to admit he failed to understand.
“Think of this room as a huge telephone,” Erica said. “It's as simple as dialing up a celestial code, or phone number, in order to visit a location. In this case, using the tiles in reverse order should dial up the last known location. In our case, the lost city of Atlantis. If we knew Atlantis' own celestial code, we could also use that.”
“Sounds easy enough.”
“It is,” Erica replied. “I'm beginning to understand that the ancients were vastly superior when it came to technology, but a very basic race. Everything seems clean cut, almost like they wanted, or expected, us to find their city one day.”
“They did,” Darian said. “Now please, put your hands into the sky. My soldiers and I do not want to shoot.”
“What the fuck?” Winston said, fumbling his shotgun.
“Lay it down,” Darian said. “We have the other two in custody and they speak highly of you both. We just want to bring you to them safely.”

“I don't know, use some of that bad-assery you learned in the military.” Sam commented loudly.
“I'm not going to start pounding on someone, just because they aren't playing by my rules. That, and the fact that I have no idea who would come out on top.” Josh replied.
Both men stood in a room similar to a holding cell found commonly in a city jail. Thick steel door, small shatter-proof window and walls of seamless stone.
“Yea, they were pretty damn big.” Sam commented.
“Hey now,” Josh said with a scowl of the eyes. “I can hold my own.”
“Yea, well, excuse me if I lay money down on the guys out there that look like shaven sasquatches.”
Josh had planned to lay into the mouthy scientist a bit more; finding himself interrupted by the sound of several feet nearing their door.
“Float like a butterfly, sting like a-”
“Can it.” Josh demanded.
As the door opened, Erica and Winston entered the holding cell. Neither of them happy about it.
“Josh almost decked you.” Sam said with a grin.
“I did not,” Josh replied, turning his attention back to Erica with a plea bargain look. “I didn't almost deck you. I would never do that.”
“Well, I wish somebody would have decked the big son of a bitches who marched us here. Confiscated my damn weapon and even my smokes!” Winston bitched.
“Yea,” Josh said. “This week just keeps getting better and better. Dumped, held against my will, nearly killed under the sea and now I'm jailed on another planet. I mean, seriously, what else?”
“The guard assured me we'd be speaking to the person in charge soon enough.” Erica finally commented.
“Yea,” Winston said. “And I told the cocksucker that he had a few assurances coming from me, too.”
“You tell 'em, Wookie.” Sam replied.
“The fuck?” Winston asked.
“Guys,” Josh said. “Please.”
“I haven't been here two minutes and this Ivy Crew-wearing midget is already talking shit to me?”
“Please.” Erica added.
“She's right, just let us think for a minute,” Josh said. “Although it might be hard to think in the presence of such beauty.”
“Oh God,” Sam commented. “You're hopeless.”
“I'm with the midget on this. Ya'll need to get a damn room or something.” Winston added with a grin.
“We have one,” Josh said. “The problem is trying to get out of it.”
“Yea, besides,” Erica said. “I would SO not get a room with Josh.”
“Scientific translation,” Sam replied. “She loves you.”
“What?” Erica asked with aggravation.
“Well I am the smartest man OR woman in the room, and I'm stating a perfectly good fact. When men claim to love, they usually do not. When women claim not to, they usually do. Look it up.”
“Yea, Google that shit.” Winston replied.
“I meant in a book you Neanderthal, online search engines are for those among our race fighting the strong arm of illiteracy.” Sam replied.
“The fuck did he just say?” Winston asked.
“Guys, seriously,” Josh said. “Shut up.”
A moment went silent as Josh and Erica traded glances. Both of them knew where the other stood, it was just a matter of knowing each other a bit better.
As the cell door opened once more, Darian stood with a handful of his finest.
“Princess Lauren will see you now.”
“It's about time.” Josh replied.
“These two spoke of you as a leader within your military,” Darian said, glancing to Erica and Winston. “But you do not seem like a leader to me.”
“I'm leader enough, don't you worry about that.”
After a very long stare-off between the two, Josh turned his attention to the most beautiful, and only, woman in the room.
“So. You've been talking about me.”
Erica rolled her eyes, though she found herself getting used to Josh's constant need to be around her. In fact, she had grown to feel the same. Depending on his flirtation to carry her through the stressful times.




Chapter 4
Not As They Seem


When the first shake came, most of them thought nothing of it.
But as the second and third came, the survivors on Atlantis knew something was wrong. Very wrong, especially Captain Bruce Ellis.
He knew of the government's true agenda. He just hadn't anticipated it happening for another week or longer.
“What is it?” Private Bethel asked.
“I don't know.” Captain Ellis replied, lying, of course.
“They're nukes.” Josh said, approaching the group with a line of folks behind him.
“Where in the fuck have you been, lieutenant?” Captain Ellis yelled, walking within inches of Josh's face.
Noticing that many who followed were not part of their original team, the captain immediately ordered guns into the direction.
“Hold them until further orders,” Captain Ellis shouted, turning to the group. “If you move, my soldiers WILL kill you!”
“Sir, can I have a word?” Josh asked.
“You dare bring someone to Atlantis?” the captain shouted in front of everyone, upset with his lieutenant for straying from his orders.
“Sir.” Josh said firmly. “A word.”
“You have two minutes to convince me not to place you under arrest, lieutenant.” Captain Ellis replied. Agreeing to walk with Josh outside of the nearest doorway for a bit of privacy as the remaining soldiers held the Altarians at gunpoint.
“You and I need to have a quick meeting of revival, sir.” Josh said.
Without warning, the lieutenant pulled his pistol and held it directly at the captain. Only inches away from his forehead.
“What is this?” Captain Ellis asked in a much calmer tone, nearing the point of panic but appearing calm.
“Young man tried to warn me about something before we left. Told me there was another agenda and that we weren't the first team down.”
“That's complete nonsense.”
“Is it?” Josh asked. “After I left the makeshift morgue a few minutes ago to discover he'd been knifed in the back, not killed in the crash as originally confirmed, I dug around a little bit. I found another wreckage tucked away nice and quiet. Same patches on their uniforms but not a damn face that I recognized. I found a lot of their supplies pulled and stored away into cargo boxes. Even marked for the next team down. Now, Captain, exactly how does a man die from a knife wound and a wreckage get stored away, out of sight, without the military leader knowing anything?”
Captain Ellis listened. No response, just deep thought and continued listening as Josh gave a rundown of things past.
“So I begin to wonder why? Why would our government lie to us and send us down here on top of a cargo hold full of weapons, supplies and even seeds with portable greenhouse units. Our brightest scientists and the best soldiers our military has to offer. Why have we been sent down here strapped with supplies like it's the end of the world? Then, arriving back with a race we made contact with, a race as human as we are, I feel the shaking of Atlantis. Quickly, I begin to put two and two together. Nuclear strikes. Now tell me I'm wrong, captain?”
“No,” Captain Ellis replied. “No, you're not.”
“Then you start laying out some cold hard truth. Right now, between the two of us. Otherwise, as second in command, I WILL assume command of this expedition and remove you from the equation. By any means necessary.”
“We were to prep the city of Atlantis to house our executive officer, his staff and several others we deemed too important to lose.”
“The president? Why?” Josh asked.
“That's why, lieutenant,” Captain Ellis replied as the walls shook terribly. “War son. War like we've never seen. The soldier that tried to warn you was, in fact, killed. Not by my hands, or even by my orders, but he was sworn to the secret and bound by execution if the secret got out. It did, and I'm guessing someone did their damn duty.”
“Why the war?”
“Who gives a shit, son? It was coming sooner or later. Come on, you know that! Two-thirds of the world hated the way our government operates and the production of nukes never ceases. Eventually someone is pissed off enough to pull the trigger. China, Russia, North Korea, who really gives a fuck, son? Does it matter who starts a war of this magnitude?”
“So we did it first?” Josh asked.
“That's right. It's the one and only scenario the world didn't expect. The world's peacekeepers throwing the first punch. It wasn't supposed to happen for another week or so, but, it is what it is. Our president is likely on his way down right now, as we speak, and we need to have everything up and running. Do you understand that, lieutenant? We need our greenhouses functioning in order to produce enough food for the long haul. We need to set up our automated gun turrets for a perimeter. We need to do a lot of shit, son, and standing here going over details that do not concern you isn't on that list. Understood?”
“And after the president arrives?”
“Honestly, I don't know,” Captain Ellis said. “If I had to guess, I suppose we're all going to wait it out and then work on returning to the surface. Reboot the whole fucking planet and ensure that things are lived out properly. Freedom and democracy. Let freedom ring! Now, lieutenant, do you have a problem with any of the above?”
“Yes, sir. Millions of people are up above – dead and dying.”
“And you understand that I have no part in that. I'm a soldier following my God damn orders. It's my job to make sure Atlantis is a livable fallout shelter. It's your job to assist me. Does that work for you?”
“Yes sir.”
“Good Lieutenant Pierce. Get that damn pistol holstered and let's get to it. You and I will have the discussion later on the chain of command. Are we clear?”
“Yes, sir.” Josh replied.
As the two men entered the large chamber near the initial wreckage, everyone looked on with curiosity.
“Sargent Duke, place our unknowns into a room under guard until I say otherwise.” the captain said. Once again flexing his muscle.
“Belay that order, Sargent.” Josh said.
“Lieutenant?” Captain Ellis demanded to know.
“I'm placing you under immediate arrest and ordering you to confinement until we are able to relocate back to the surface.”
“Like hell you are!”
The two men continued a gridlock of stare – neither willing to submit.
“Sargent, arrest this man for treason!” Captain Ellis said.
“Belay that order, Sargent Duke, as I have placed Bruce Ellis under arrest and he is no longer in charge of this expedition.
Hesitant to do either, at first, Sargent Duke finally held his rifle to Josh.
“Sir, please put your weapon onto the floor. You know I cannot place the commander of this expedition under arrest – and I do not want to shoot you.”
“You put your rifle on the floor, you cocksucker,” Winston said, shouldering his own weapon. “I haven't had a drink in days, was forced to leave about a hundred dollars worth of cigars on a planet I didn't know existed and I've been insulted multiple times, today alone, by a midget. If you don't think I'm willing to shoot you, any of you,” he shouted as a blanket statement of warning. “Well then, you go ahead and call my bluff.”
“Before this spirals out of control, folks, let me just state what Commander Ellis is being arrested for. After that, you make your own decisions.” Josh said.
Several moments passed with soldiers pulling weapons – though they remained unsure of who to point them toward.
“He's being arrested for the murder of one of our own. You think I'm bluffing, walk straight to the morgue and begin turning bodies over. You'll find one with a knife wound directly in his back.”
“Why would he do that?” Private Bethel asked.
“Because we're not the first group to visit Atlantis and the young man warned me ahead of time. The wreckage from crew number one is still here. We were sent to prep this city for the arrival of its leader – your president. Who also found it within his heart to begin nuking foreign soil around the word, hence the shaking throughout our city, and then tuck tail and hide away in Atlantis.
Killing millions, perhaps even billions of innocent people in the process. Women. Children. None of them with a hand in any kind of war. The good captain here also intends to kill our newly discovered friends. Friends that are just as human as we are, and a group of people that could have killed my team on sight. Instead, they took us in and treated us very proper. In fact,” Josh said, turning to face the group of Altarians. “I only wish my own country was governed by someone as sincere as Princess Lauren.”
“Yea,” Winston replied. “What he said.”
“For you folks on the scientific side of things,” Sam added. “Everything he just said is true. These people can help us solve many of life's greatest mysteries and diseases, and they're more than willing to. We've got no reason to harm them.”
“So decide where you stand, everyone. I'm a soldier and I certainly understand following the chain of command. If you elect to remain loyal to Bruce Ellis, so be it. I will have to hold you in seclusion but I promise you no other recourse.”
“If you follow this man, you will have absolutely no chance of ever seeing our surface again. Isn't that right, lieutenant?” Captain Ellis asked.
“Yes,” Josh admitted. “Yes it is.”
“What?” Erica asked.
It only mirrored the shock on everyone else's face, each of them coming to terms with the possibility of never returning home.
“When I signed on for this mission, I did it for one simple reason. I don't have anything else. Many of you have families back home, and I get that. But I don't have any family left. I fell in love at first sight and here I am. Sometimes you just have to step to the edge of the cliff of unknown and not only jump, but leap as hard as you can. Anyone who stays behind with me needs to know that I have no intentions of going back. Just because I feel that way, doesn't mean I expect anyone else to. When the president arrives, I plan to hold him at gunpoint and load everyone who wants to go back home onto the submarine with him. Then you're all welcome to go packing, as far as I'm concerned. But there's also a place for you here, if that's what your heart decides to do.”
“You fool,” Captain Ellis said. “You realize your plan has no chance of working. The president will be coming in with dozens of our country's finest soldiers. Besides, you have absolutely no way of stopping or sending anything – especially a full-size submarine!”
“That's where you're wrong,” Josh said, turning to nod to the Altarian people. As they started to break away from the line and position themselves to equipment, Josh turned back to his former commander. “We've spent centuries with Atlantis underwater, they haven't. Altaria is no different than Atlantis, and these people know how to use the technology without a hitch. President Hanks had everything planned out, it seems,” Josh added. “But I promise you, he didn't see this coming.”
“You are handing over the city to them, you fool!” Ellis shouted.
“They deserve it more than we do. Our race just slaughtered millions of innocent lives for no reason at all. Now Sargent Winston, please,” Josh replied. “Put this man in a room under guard.
“Yes sir.”
A military promotion fit Winston like the glove on eleven-year old. Still, the brushy faced man grinned with excitement.







Chapter 5
Just The Beginning


“What'cha listening to?” Erica asked.
Josh had removed himself from the group a bit. Sitting quietly on a catwalk of architectural genius which overlooked the crash site.
“Ah, just a little bit of everything. Glad I brought the pod along, though I'm not sure how much longer its charge will hold.”
Glancing over his shoulder, Erica seemed to find herself excited. Taking a seat with a man who obviously was in deep thought.
“Caught Up In You, huh?”
“Yea,” he replied. “It's a classic.”
“Yes it is,” Erica replied, to his surprise. “It also happens to be one of my favorites.”
“Huh?”
“Always loved 38 Special.”
“Get the fuck out of here?” Josh asked.
Quickly regretting his choice of wording, Josh quickly backtracked. Hoping for a mulligan of some sort.
“Um, I mean – no kidding?”
“Not kidding at all,” Erica replied. “I'm a total sucker for the classics and they certainly fit the bill. What else do you have-”
Her words were interrupted by a fellow scientist in need of translation. Several of them working on a device that would, in theory, be able to communicate with the world above. Something that was long overdue.
“I'm sorry, I have to go-”
“It's cool,” Josh replied with a smile. “The music will be here when you get finished.”
It's funny how a single smile between two people can change the world. Not in the literal sense, obviously, but the world of a man who has nothing else. His entire life stripped away, only to find hope through the warm smile of a woman he fancies.
As Josh put the headphones back on, the lyrics to Caught Up In You took on even more meaning. Possibly becoming the greatest song of all time, as he watched Erica help her fellow scientists – true loving beginning to grab hold.

The re-managing of command had not come without its hitches. Captain Bruce Ellis, Sargent Damian Duke, Private Charles Taylor, a botanist named Kim Adams and the crew's doctor, Brooks Turner, all choosing to remain with the original expedition. Loyal to Captain Ellis and the politicians back home.
A handful remained undecided, while Lieutenant Josh Pierce, his sidekick, Winston “Churchill” Stills, Corporal James “Flea” Patterson, Private Jessica Bethel, one small dog that chose to bark far too often and lead scientist, David Hopkins choosing to stay. The adventure that awaited them in the lost city of Atlantis was simply too much to pass up.
The Altarians had offered to help them as well. Their only priority at the moment – building a strong friendship with Lieutenant Pierce and the people who would remain behind. Something that did not sit well with many of those still loyal to Captain Ellis.
Or, at least, that is what they had wanted humanity to believe.
Princess Lauren had make the trip to Atlantis, along with several of her most trusted. Their greatest warrior, Darian and two of his finest had come along to escort their princess. A very small detail for such a mark of royalty, but there was plenty of history as to why. Princess Lauren had vowed to explain her side of things to Josh, when the time was right. Most importantly at the moment was making contact. Some type of contact with the surface as the wall of Atlantis still shook as if it were a wooden shack in the middle of the strongest thunderstorm on record.
“We've got it! I've got something!” Sam yelled out, alerting everyone. “I told you I could do it. Didn't I tell them I could do it?” he asked his science team.
“What? No mention of the translation work I did or the fact that the Altarians brought equipment that made it possible?” Erica asked.
“Let me see it.” Josh ordered.
Sam had indeed built the device, with plenty of help. One of Atlantis' own computer systems, wired through to an expedition team's laptop computer. Lots of shiny gadgets in between as well, though no one that wasn't a scientist knew, or cared to know, the purpose of each gadget. Placing a set of large silver headphones over his ears and adjusting them for a perfect fit, Josh listened closely to radio traffic within static.
“Where's the microphone?” Josh asked.
“What?” Sam asked in fury. “It's not a damn coffee shop at your local strip mall! You people act like it's as easy as putting together a twenty-piece Lego set! You're lucky we have anything at all, there's enough water on top of us to drown everyone a million times!”
“I wish it was whiskey.” Winston barked.
“Well it isn't, grizzly bear. I guess next I'll need to make a damn brewery down here.” Sam lashed back.
“Wait, you can do that?” Winston asked.
“Of course I can do that! What part of I'm the brightest scientist our world has to offer, don't you understand?”
“I believe I have misjudged you, my friend.”
“Great. Fine. But first I need to rewire this damn heap of brilliance to do what I can to get us two-way communication.” Sam replied.
“No need.” Josh said.
“What?” Sam asked. “I thought it was of the utmost importance here. I really wish everybody would make their minds up, am I building a brewery or some way to contact that surface? Or, if the time and resources are here, I could design a machine that does both.”
“That's what I'm talking about!” Winston cheered.
“I mean there's no need, because,” Josh said with reservation. “There's nobody left to communicate with. At least nobody who knows we are down here.”
“What?” Sam asked.
Everyone who had heard Josh's statement, wondered the same.
“They're all gone. The president, his line of succession, we're all the way down to the Secretary of Veteran Affairs, and he's just a fill-in. Los Angeles, New York, Boston, Miami, hell, everything. Gone.”
“Dear God.” David Hopkins replied.
“And from the sound of it, our acting president and his boys are getting the shit kicked out of them by a coalition of forces comprised of everything Russia, China and North Korea has to offer – which isn't much. At least England is backing us. At least what's left of it.”
“What are we supposed to do now?” Erica asked.
“Well, the first thing I need to do is go let our friends in lock-up know about everything. I know we're all not seeing eye to eye at the moment, but this news changes everything. I'll see if everyone can play along nicely, and, if so, we need to meet up and go from there. Including our newly-made friends.” Josh replied.
Princess Lauren nodded her appreciation, along with a smile. One that did not sit well with Erica – having seen the smile before. Understanding that the princess was falling for Lieutenant Josh Pierce.

“Wake up people, you got company.” Flea said.
Those being held against their will, did just that. Some of them woke from sleep, while others seemed to snap out of a daze. Curious as to what would come next.
As Josh entered the room, he could feel the tension growing.
“You have some nerve.” Bruce said.
“Yea,” Josh replied. “I also have some news, and you're going to hear it.”
“Do what you feel you need to.”
“Everyone's dead,” Josh said, taking the group by surprise. “Everyone up on the surface that knows were down here, they're all dead. The president. Ranking military officials and anyone that funded this project, all dead.”
“I don't believe it!” Bruce shouted.
“You don't have to. I heard it for myself, then I let each of the crew members outside of this room listen in. The truth is, none of us will survive through the month without the help of everyone down here.” Josh replied.
“It's hard to help someone that holds you at gunpoint.” Brooks Turner, the expedition's doctor replied.
“I agree,” Josh said. “I don't trust Bruce and he doesn't trust me. That's not good for the group. So I've placed lead scientist David Hopkins in charge moving forward.”
“What? You did what?” Bruce demanded to know.
“This isn't a military situation. It's about trying to survive on what we have. David is certainly the most qualified to lead, among civilians, and he's neutral when it comes to you and me. Just to show you there are no hard feelings,” Josh said, pulling a combat pistol from the holster on his vest. “Here's your side-arm back.”
“I should kill you right now, traitor.” Bruce stated firmly.
“And you could. But then everyone here would know it and any command you once had would be squashed forever. You'd literally die down here, as opposed to getting what you want.” Josh replied.
“Oh yea, and what's that?”
“If you folks would follow me, I'll be happy to answer that question for you.”

The group of survivors had gathered – their loyalties no longer important. Josh stood to the front of them, as did lead scientist David Hopkins.
“Some of us are choosing to remain here. Especially given the fact that have no idea what's left up there. Here, we're safe and that's something to build on. Others want to get back to the surface to check on family. Maybe they still have people up there waiting for them. I understand that as well, and we've figured out a way to give everyone what they want.” Josh said.
“Our president is dead,” David added. “Why he was coming, why we're here – none of that matters at the point. What's done is done. Now it's about surviving the best we possibly can. We have enough supplies to support a president, his family and staff, therefore, we have everything we need to support those who choose to remain behind. I want to assign folks to work where they're needed. Putting up portable greenhouses with artificial lighting, getting the most out of the computer systems here on Atlantis. We need to get some type of infrastructure in place for those who are choosing to remain here. Likewise, I want to put several of our people on a plan to construct a submarine from the wreckage of two. A lot smaller, no doubt, but plenty capable of getting folks back to the surface.”
“You can do that?” Bruce asked.
“We have the brightest minds in the world, right here on Atlantis. We have superior technology and a race of friends in the Altarians, who can help us maximize it. We have our wreckage and a wreckage that was hidden from plain sight. Again, why it's here is of no concern to me. My only concern at this point is giving some of us a livable system on Atlantis while constructing a way to the surface for those who wish to leave.” David replied.
“And the chain of command?” Bruce questioned.
“A very simple one. The soldiers who wish to return to the surface, answer to you. The soldiers who wish to remain with Atlantis, answer to Josh. You both answer to me. I'll make sure everything runs as smoothly and fairly as possible. Once we have an operational submarine, I'll leave you to it. No questions asked and no strings attached. And that goes for anyone who wishes to leave with you.”
“I see.” Bruce replied.
“So, does that work for everyone? Do we all have a deal?” Josh asked.
“Yea,” Bruce replied. “I suppose we do.”
“Good,” David said. “Captain Ellis, if you could please have your team assemble the greenhouses and portable water station, I would appreciate it. Lieutenant Pierce, please get your team moving to the second wreckage site and pull as much salvageable material as possible. The Altarians are your responsibility. As of right now, they are a part of our family, but, should they take any step into the wrong direction, I will have them detained. Is that understood?”
“Understood.” Josh replied.

“I wish we had a damn map of this place,” Josh said as he led the large group out to find a well-hidden crash site. “It all looks the same. Every damn stone seems like an identical copy.” he added.
“Lieutenant,” Princess Lauren said. “If you can hold up for a moment, I believe we have technology that could help you.”
“Absolutely.” he replied.
Josh stood there, alongside Winston, Flea and the Altarian warriors. Each of them looking to their princess for further instruction.
“Your highness?” Darian asked.
“It's OK, my champion. I trust this man.” Princess Lauren replied.
“As you wish.”
One of the two accompanying Altarian soldiers removed a square from the pocket on his pants. A tiny square, no larger than a few inches, which he began to slide with his fingers. Locking the square out into a certain pattern and causing it to grow several times over. Bringing it to the size of an average laptop screen.
“What is this?” Josh asked.
“A sketch box.” she replied, giving a go-ahead nod.
Pressing a single button, the box emitted a flash of blinding light. When Josh and his team had recovered from the unexpected blast of illumination, the box and its screen had graphed out several miles. Giving the exact layout of the city.
“You gotta be shitting me?” Winston asked.
“I don't understand?” Princess Lauren asked in return. Unfamiliar with Winston's slang of cursing.
“He means that it is very impressive technology.” Josh added, slinging a scowl into his friend's direction.
“My lady!” Darian shouted. “It has picked up a JAWS lifeline within the city!”
“This cannot be?” she questioned.
“A what?” Josh asked.
“Lieutenant, I have trusted you thus far. Now I need you to trust me.”
“I do.” Josh replied.
“I need you to come with us to the source of this lifeline. If there is in fact a JAWS inside of Atlantis, it will take all of us to put it down.”
“Lauren, I don't even know what this JAWS is? I need to know what I'm walking into here, before I endanger my team.” Josh said.
“Your entire expedition is already in danger, Josh. I need you to trust me.”
“Alright, I trust you. Lead the way.”
Not only was Princess Lauren growing more and more attracted to the human soldier by the minute, but Josh was growing warm to the idea that she paid attention to him. A lot more so than Erica, who had treated him nicely – as a friend.
“Lock and load you scrawny bastard,” Winston said to Flea. “Or better yet, just stay tucked in behind the big dog. I'll take care of it.” he added, using a single hand to motion his pump-action shotgun to the ready.

“I'm telling you David, trusting the man is a mistake.” Captain Ellis said, doing what he could to discredit Josh.
As the newly-branded expedition leader, David had already lost contact with Josh's team. Leaving him on the cusp of suspicion.
“Regardless of our situation now, I'm asking you to consider the huge risk involved here. Lieutenant Pierce is well-known for defying authority, we have an alien race wandering the city of Atlantis and now we have no idea where either of them are. Or what they're up to, for that matter.”
“What would you have me do?” David asked.
“We need to get our ride finished as soon as possible. Load up and go. Grab every single stitch of ancient technology we can, take it with us and go. Leaving enough explosives to blow the city when we leave and ensuring the city's technology will not be used against humanity in the future.” Captain Ellis replied.
“We don't know what the situation is? It could be a radio malfunction or distance between units.”
“He held a gun to my face, disobeying a direct order in the process. Under any other circumstances, Josh would have been executed on the spot. I'm trying to be as understanding as possible here, but my patience is beginning to wear thin.”
“I understand-” David replied.
“No you don't. We're in a military situation right now, I just can't seem to convince you of the fact. A brand new race is out there this very moment, and for all we know, they could be planning an assault right here. Right where we stand. As a soldier, I can't just sit on my hands and do nothing.”
“Yes, that's exactly what you'll do. I trust these people.” David said.
“Why?” Bruce questioned. “We know nothing about them.”
“That's precisely why, captain,” David said. “I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. I also know what my own race is capable of. I'm here, miles under water, based on lies and deception – both of which you knew about. I'm not going to punish a race of people based on mistakes they've yet to make. Mistakes that my own race continues to make.”
“I hope you're right, for the sake of everyone.” Captain Ellis said.
“So do I,” David replied. “So do I.”

The screams had reached their ears long before the first hallway of level four opened up into a much larger chamber. Horrific mechanical screams. Every piercing cry comparable to a machine with the possession of a demon.
“When a man is carrying a kill stick like this and hesitates, it can't be good.” Winston said, holding his shotgun as snugly as possible.
“Please,” Flea said. “You're afraid of everything.”
Winston turned to stare at the soldier for a moment. Even gazing down to the military patch which signified him as a sniper. Letting him know, in crystal-clear fashion, that he certainly wasn't afraid of a flea.
“What exactly are we walking into?” Josh asked quietly.
“A product of our ancestors' technology.” Princess Lauren replied.
“My lady, you must remain here.” Darian said.
“But I-”
“My lady, I insist. It is not safe beyond this point.”
The princess reluctantly agreed with a nod.
“Leave one of your soldiers with the princess.” Darian said.
“Aren't you going to leave one of your own?” Josh asked.
“We will be needed if the JAWS is to fall.” the huge warrior replied.
“Just what in the fuck are we walking into here?” Winston asked. “Let's sit down and think this through for a minute, damn.”
“There is no time,” Darian replied. “I can tell by the altering of its screams. It knows we are here. Even now, it smells our flesh.”
His comment sent chills to the spine of Josh, Winston and Flea. Even if none of the men would admit to it.
“Leave the runt with our princess.” Darian said.
“Wait,” Winston pleaded. “Let me stay, I'm a lot bigger. I'll protect her with my life. Cross my heart and hope to die.”
“Really?” Josh asked.
“If we fail in slaying the beast, it will not matter. Our princess will be as good as dead at that point.” Darian replied.
“Yea,” Flea added. “I'm cool with staying behind.”
“Ain't this a fucking show now?” Winston asked. “Any other time you'd do what you could to whip a man's ass for speaking down on you. Now that death waits right up ahead, you've found inner-peace from such hurtful words.”
“I've learned to channel my anger through deep breathing.” Flea replied, poking fun at Winston's desperation.
“Bullshit,” Winston replied brashly. “It's just more convenient not to go off and get yourself killed.”
Isn't that always more convenient? Josh thought.
“Tell them I send my best.” Flea mocked as the group of soldiers headed off – pushing toward the damning screams.
“Tell 'em yourself, I'm not your damn messenger,” Winston replied with anger. “You little scrawny bastard.”
“Just keep your eyes open and your mouth shut, Winston. We have more important things to worry about. Let the sniper gone comedian have his laughs. Thousands of comedians out of work back on the surface and he's trying to be one.” Josh said.

As they continued to move forward slowly, their weapons at the ready and eyes skimming the layout of the area ahead, a door quickly made its way front and center. Thick block of seamless design surrounding it, the door was made of some type of shimmering metal. Unlike anything Josh or his human team had ever witnessed.
“Amalithite,” Darian said. “This looks like the place. It seems the ancients were holding a JAWS captive for some reason.”
“Should we try and put it down or just leave it be? It's been lock up for thousands of years without doing any harm? Josh asked.
Moments later, a horrific sight slammed into the thick unbreakable glass window of the door. The sight of it, along with a terrifying scream, prompted Josh to immediately open fire onto the door with reaction.
“Save your ammunition, lieutenant,” Darian said. “The ancients were wise in putting him behind a door of amalithite. Their own creation of genetically-strengthened material. My guess is these stone walls contain the same thickness of the steel within its core – just as a precaution.”
“Look at that son of a bitch!” Winston said, watching the cyborg of terror snap at them. Doing everything in its power to breach the thick steel of ancient design.
“Study it well,” Darian said. “Watch its tendencies.”
“Shouldn't we keep it alive for study?” Josh asked.
“There's no need. Every moment of its life in captivity has been recorded somewhere in the ancient database. The Julian Aspect Warrior will serve a much better purpose dead. It will allow your people to study its composition and ensure that it does not somehow escape into your backyard.” Darian replied, lying to the group.
“I'm with Josh. Fuck it,” Winston said. “That son of a bitch hasn't went anywhere for thousands of years, a few extra days shouldn't hurt anything.”
“The ancients designed the toughest of steels, no doubt,” Darian said as a cautionary reminder. “But the steel won't hold forever. Maybe another thousand years. Perhaps only a few more days.”
“Let's toast this son of a bitch.” Winston said, completely flipping his opinion on wrangling the mechanical murderer. Choosing to fire on it in group fashion, rather than be killed in his sleep.
“Lieutenant. You and your man will lay back strategically, weapons ready. You will be the fail-safe should we fall in battle.” Darian said.
“Our weapons will kill it?” Josh asked.
“I believe so, though it will take a significant amount of strikes. Should we all fall, including your own man, you are to fall back into the room directly behind you. It was put in place for scientists as a security measure in case the beast breached its holding cell. Once inside, slide the lock over and tell your people to prepare themselves by radio.” Darian replied.
“Understood.” Josh said.
“Wait, no,” Winston added. “Not understood. You're saying Josh waits for me to fall in battle before running into a safe room? I don't want to fall in battle.” Winston said.
“Nor do I. But it is the code of a warrior, is it not? To do his part in restoring the balance of peace while protecting his superiors.” Darian replied.
“I like that. It has a ring to it. Kind of poetic, even.” Josh said with a grin.
“No, not poetic. Bullshit.”
“Places everyone.” Darian said, preparing his own two soldiers.
“Have you ever killed a JAWS before?” Winston asked.
“Yes. Many of them. I did not become the champion of my people by speaking poetically.” Darian replied.
“Yea, ain't that the damn truth.”
He continued to grumble about the situation, but Winston knew well-enough to check his shotgun a final time. An Armsel Striker, at least that was its textbook name. Winston just called it an ass-kicker because of its punch and ability to hold several shells in a rotating magazine below its barrel. Similar to a revolver.
“Now.” Darian said.
Triggering several of the locks in place on the door, Darian eased away. Giving the soldiers a good look at what was to come.
Silence.
“Well, where in the fuck is-”
As Winston's words fell unsuspectingly, the door nearly burst from its hinges. A cybernetic assassin leaping from his holding cell and beginning to maul one of the Altarian soldiers. Its hands outfitted with a long blades of reaping.
“Kill it!” the soldier cried out. Doing what he could to fend off the attack that was unlike anything human eyes had seen before. Bloodletting without remorse – as if a mechanical snake had committed to the act of striking its prey. 
Having absorbed nearly twenty shots from human weaponry and several strikes from the Altarian technology, the JAWS had successfully put down two Altarian soldiers, grabbing hold of Darian.
A powerful foe, Darian was anything but the weaker Altarian the JAWS soldier had been programmed to hunt. As the large warrior pushed the mechanical monster's skull back a bit, placing their bodies nearly a foot apart, Winston decided it was time to make his move. Quickly swooping in close with his shotgun firing at will.
“Suck on it, you scrap heap son of a bitch!”
Several hits directly to the back of the beast triggered a scream of fury. The Julian dropping its fight with Darian to turn and defend itself. Swinging its powerful arm across its body, the gleaming blade attached to its arm cut cleanly as it made contact with Winston's abdomen. Laying him to the ground with a thud.
Reaching into the gaping hole Winston's weapon had put into the monster's back, Darian began to clinch and jerk – complete batches of circuitry pulled out. It wanted to fight on. It was programmed to. But, a computer is only as good as its circuitry, no matter how extensive its programming is.
The JAWS soldier dropped like a stone. Clanging to the floor loudly and giving proof that they truly had no soul.
“Victory.” Darian said.
“Your friends are dead and mine is in serious jeopardy of it. I'd call this anything BUT victory!” Josh yelled, doing the best he could to stop Winston's bleeding.
“My soldiers were dead before the battle began. Yours as well. If even one or two of us live to speak of this battle, indeed it was victory.”
Darian's words cut into Josh, who found himself regretting the battle. Hoping Winston would pull through.
“David! This is Lieutenant Pierce. I need any medical-trained people you have to meet us halfway. Somewhere near the huge room with red lighting. Winston is down and it looks bad. I need to get him to help as soon as possible, but there is no way that I can make it all of the way back to base camp in time. Come back.”
“Lieutenant Pierce, where have you been?” David asked through a loud crackling on Josh's radio.
“Sir, I can explain everything when we get there. Winston is cut open pretty bad and losing blood. I'm going to need someone who can stitch him up. I would do it but I don't have any of the needed-”
“Copy that, lieutenant. Doc Turner is on his way to the meeting spot, escorted by Private Bethel. I hope Winston pulls through. Either way, you and I will sort this out when you arrive back.”
“Asshole,” Josh said, ignoring the traffic coming from his com unit. “You would think a man's life would be more important right now?”
“No shit.” Winston managed to reply.
“Is the monster down?” Princess Lauren asked.
“Ask your brute back there, I don't have time for it,” Josh replied, jogging by the woman with his injured friend across his shoulders. “Flea, you're on me.”
“But the princess?”
“Dammit Flea, move!”
“Yes, sir.” the sniper replied. Beginning a sprint of his own.

“Lieutenant Pierce, have a seat. I doubt you'll enjoy what's about to follow.” David Hopkins warned.
“Alright.” Josh replied.
“Killing this Julius unit was the worst possible thing you could have done.” David said, glancing to Josh sternly.
“Huh? I thought we'd be able to bring it back and-”
“We can't study it, lieutenant. The Julian Aspect contain a fail-safe. Once they come to an end, a program inside of their exterior initiates. Some acidic material that eats away everything inside.”
“What?”
“We can't study it now, lieutenant,” David said. “The scientists that lived here thousands of years ago, housed the Julian so that we could study it. Everything we needed to run tests was down below. Right there in the fucking room across the hall. There was absolutely no way the creature could have escaped, and, not only did you just kill our research in downing the Julian Aspect, you nearly cost Winston his life in the process.”
“I'm sorry, I didn't know.”
“I realize that lieutenant. Still, you should be making smarter choices out there or leaving the choices to us.” David replied.
“Now hold on a damn minute,” Josh responded. “Part of my job is to assess and react out in the field. Now you may not agree with my reaction in this case, and it may have been the wrong one. I don't disagree with that. But you aren't in any position to tell me how to do my damn job. Otherwise, you can start going out there and risking your own neck, while I sit back here and tinker with computer systems.”
“I haven't been tinkering, lieutenant,” David replied. “I've been speaking directly with the ancient computer systems.”
“Huh?”
“Don't take my word for it. Just pay attention.”
As David stood onto the pressure-triggered platform, the hologram of a beautiful woman draped in ancient clothing appeared.
“Tell us of the Altarians.” David said.
“Of course. Anything for you, David.”
“After you left out and we lost contact, I remembered something she said about our newly-made friends.” David commented.
Josh felt disbelief as he watched the exchange. A computer program portrayed by a lovely young woman and, even stranger, a scientist falling for her.
“During our civil war of people, the scientists aboard Atlantis developed the Julian Aspect. Though not for the purpose of killing. Our scientists developed the cyborg as a multi-purpose machine. They could tend to fallen soldiers on the battlefield with much greater success than a human hand. Their eyes could see and their internal drives record the sights, brining accurate information to those leading our war effort. They would also become our pilots and engineers, so that we could free up more men for battle.
The Altarians began to capture the Julian Aspect units and militarize them. Turn them into the killing machines they currently are.”
“So the Altarians are our enemies?” Josh asked.
“Yes,” the holographic woman replied. “They attempted to overthrow our king and, as a result, ignited a civil war between our people.”
“And Atlantis?” Josh asked.
He'd become mesmerized by the woman as well. Though his attention was drawn to her information, while David had been pulled to her beauty.
“Atlantis is the last great city of our people, the Atlanteans. Our sister city, Kolob, fell to the rule of the Altarians. For thousands of years, they have survived on their own planet while our descendants thrived above these waters on this planet. Many other planets, perhaps even thousands, are home to descendants of our people. Some of them loyal to the Altarians, others loyal to Atlanteans. Many remain neutral or unaware of the great war.”
“Why would the Altarians destroy one of their own soldiers?” Josh asked.
“I'll answer this, Amelia,” David said. The eye contact between scientist and computer system chilled Josh a bit. “The Atlanteans left a single Julian Aspect here for us to study. Likewise, I believe the Altarians had you destroy it so we could not. Believing we'd eventually figure out a way to easily destroy it, and, in turn, give us the upper-hand in a war that we'd soon discover the truth of. You were played, lieutenant.”
“Son of a bitch.” Josh said.
“Lieutenant, I believe you've been purposely misled by our enemies. Trust nothing they say.” Amelia added. Her voice sounding as real as any true person's would.
“David, if you'll excuse me? I'd very much like to go take care of a few things.” Josh asked politely.
“Of course,” David replied. “And lieutenant, this one goes away. But from now on, before you act on impulse, you speak with me directly. OK?”
“Understood.”
As Josh left scientist David Hopkins to his unusual love affair, he walked through a long hallway with purpose.
“Josh.” Erica said.
“Not now.”
It was the first time he'd ever blown off the woman his eyes fancied so heavily. Taking her by complete surprise in the process.
“You lied to me.” Josh said, approaching Princess Lauren.
“Excuse me?” she asked.
“I said, you lied to me.” Josh firmly stated once more.
“You would be well served not to speak to my-” Darian began to say.
His words stopped short as Josh placed a side arm directly into his face. The cold touch of steel less than an inch from Darian's skin.
“And you would be well served to stop speaking. You nearly cost me a team member back there, which still isn't sitting well with me.”
“Lieutenant?” Princess Lauren asked.
“Your people and our people have been at war for thousands of years. Now tell me I'm wrong?” Josh asked.
“No. You are not wrong,” Lauren replied. “But if you do a little bit of homework, you'll discover that our people are one in the same.”
“And you had me place my team, MY TEAM, in harm's way to destroy a weapon in order to help your own agenda.” Josh said.
“Yes.” Lauren replied.
“I trusted you!” Josh said loudly.
“And I trusted you,” she replied. “I trusted that, with time, you would see our people for what they are. Masterful and brilliant. I had hoped you would join us on Altaria. I was growing fond of you.” Princess Lauren replied.
“I do see your people for what they are,” Josh said. “And I don't like what I see. I'm sorry, but I want no part in your cause. I came down here on the stupidest of reasons, but I'm glad I did. Now I know that I'm Atlantean, just like everyone back home. And I promise you, I'll dedicate the rest of my life to carrying the Atlantean torch.”
“That's unfortunate, lieutenant.” Princess Lauren replied.
“Flea, Private Bethel,” Josh said. “I need you two to escort the princess and her thug to the dome room. Punch in something random and get them off of Atlantis.”
“You cannot be serious? Random coordinates will certainly doom us!” Darian blasted loudly throughout the room.
“And Private Taylor,” Josh said. “Double-time it down to the science level. Drag the two dead back and put them in chairs with the fair princess and her thug. The room won't operate without four bodies.”
“This is unheard of!” Darian yelled.
“Relax, my warrior. We will make it back home in due time. Let the Atlanteans have their day of victory. Because, I promise you, the war has just begun.” Princess Lauren replied.
“How are we supposed to dial from the outside of the doom room, sir?” Flea asked. A good question indeed.
“Here,” Erica replied. “While everyone else has been off chasing monsters, I was able to design a remote device. I only have a few dozen addresses programmed at the moment, so you'll have to choose one of those.”
“And it works anywhere in the city?” Sam asked.
“Yes. At least it should.” Erica replied.
“Good. I know a man with stitches, a cigar and glass of whiskey that's damn keen on dialing up random places.”
“You will regret this.” Darian warned.
“You heard the lieutenant,” Captain Ellis said. “He gave you a direct order. Either carry your asses, or we'll be loading four dead bodies into the dome.”
“You should hope to never cross paths with me again,” Darian said to Josh. “Because you will learn of the sweet ballad of my blade.”
“That's a God damn United States soldier you're talking to, son,” Captain Ellis replied. “And I've read enough of his service jacket to know he'd hold his own against you.”
“We'll see.” Darian growled.
Slowly and very reluctantly, Princess Lauren and Darian were led away at gunpoint. On their way to the dome, to be delivered to some random planet.
“Thank you.” Josh said to Captain Ellis.
“No need,” he replied. “You and I may not see eye to eye on everything. But at the end of the day, we're both soldiers for the greatest damn army there is. I always have your back and trust that you have mine.”
“Yes sir.” Josh replied.
“Well then. We need to hump a couple of sentry guns down to the dome. At least until we figure out a better way of doing things. I don't like the idea of people just randomly showing up in our city.”
“Neither do I.” Josh replied.
“May I have a quick word with the lieutenant?” Erica asked.
“Ma'am?”
“It's related to science, Captain.”
“OK then ma'am, just make it quick.” Captain Ellis replied.
As Erica walked into a side room, followed by Josh's heavy footsteps, she turned to the lieutenant.
Kissing him with the kind of passion that could change worlds. Her hands softly brushing against his cheeks while lips felt one another out with exploration.
“I thought you said this was scientific?” Josh asked with a laugh.
“Well, it's chemistry,” Erica replied with a warm smile. “Because I haven't felt this way about someone in a very long time.”
“Just to be upfront about everything,” Josh said. “There's a box of cigars riding on you. On a moment just like this.”
“Are you kidding me with this?” she replied.
Josh could feel the entire moment shifting directions. Regretting having even brought the small bet up.
“Winston, not me. I don't even smoke. Hell, I'll donate the cigars to charity.” Josh said with a pleading voice.
“Impossible!” Erica said, turning to leave the room with anger.
Slowly, however, she eased back in with a smile. Letting Josh know she'd only pulled his leg a bit.
“Impossibly cute.”
“You are kidding me? My heart literally hit the fl-”
A second kiss brought his statement to a halt. This time, their embrace was a bit less nervous and a lot more passionate. Souls longing to be together.
“I really have to go.” Josh said.
“I know,” Erica replied. “And I hate it.”
“I'll be back.”
Josh quietly hoped that nothing would change while he was away. Having to leave such a perfect moment in order to restore calm – a soldier's way.
“By the way,” Josh said. “I think it's amazing that you were able to remotely wire into the dome room.”
“Thank you.” Erica replied.
“Lieutenant Pierce,” Ellis yelled from some distance away. “Carry your ass, soldier!”
“Yes sir.” Josh replied with a smile.
Two lovers enjoying a silent moment of life together.

“I've got Sam working on some type of fail safe for the dome. Somehow, we need to figure out how to block incoming visitors. I'm sure the Atlanteans had a way, it's just a matter of finding it. Until then, these two bad boys should do the trick.” Captain Ellis said.
He and Josh had spent several minutes setting up the laser-guided sentry guns. Each capable of slamming out lead at alarming rates – triggered by motion. They would serve as the fail safe until another could be found.
“Enough ammunition for these things?” Josh asked.
“About ten-thousand rounds each. We came expecting the unexpected. Let's just say we packed heavy.” Captain Ellis replied.
“I wish you would have told me everything up front. That's all.” Josh said.
“Look kid,” Ellis replied, laying down a hand wrench and preparing to answer Josh's statement. “I couldn't. As a soldier, I had a job to do.”
“It would have helped to know. I could have helped you instead of butting heads with you.” Josh replied.
“I know,” Ellis said. “But I need you to understand that, as a soldier, I couldn't. Regardless of what I may think or feel personally, a good soldier does what he's told.”
“I guess.”
“Look,” Captain Ellis said, approaching Josh. “You're a damn good soldier. I've read your file. I've seen the way you handle things down here. You just need to be a little more complaint to orders and a little less human. And I realize that sounds bad, I do. But following orders minimizes damage while going with your heart, sometimes it leads to people dying in the field of duty.”
He was right and Josh knew it. Winston had nearly fallen to his death during a mission that was never authorized.
“Whoever is in charge up there, well, it's safe to assume they're not coming. At least nowhere in the near future. What we have down here is it. A city full of technology that we don't quite understand yet, the supplies we brought with us and each other. Maybe we make it back to land one day, maybe we don't. Either way, until then, we need to work as a team. It's the only way we're making it out of this shit alive.”
“I agree,” Josh replied. “And I'm sorry.”
Extending a hand to his fellow soldier, Lieutenant Josh Pierce and Captain Bruce Ellis solidified a bond of brotherhood. Men who wore the uniform.
“Good. So am I. Now that it's all behind us, let's finish getting these babies ready to rock and head back to check on things.”
“Yes sir.” Josh said.

“I would like to know more about how Atlanteans travelled.” David asked.
Amelia's figure, nothing more than a hologram, had started to become a part of David's every waking thought. Even his dreams. Back on the surface, when asking a computer system for information, you'd receive a laundry list of tidbits.
Atlantis' computer system was different. Amelia had been designed as an interface, willing to answer any and all direct questioning. She was, literally, a data bank filled with answers to questions that mankind had been asking for centuries. She understood every detail of the magnificent city and the history of many planets around us.
That said, Amelia had been programmed not to offer any information that wasn't directly asked for. The Atlanteans' way of ensuring that such information didn't fall into the hands of less-capable people.
Atlantis team leader David Hopkins was one of the world's brightest scientists. He knew the questions to ask, and, more importantly, his mind hungered to know more. His meeting with Amelia had become an obsession. No different than any other person working around the clock with a computer, except for the fact that David had grown fond of Amelia's appearance. He would never confess to the word love, but his everyday life now depended upon seeing Amelia's face. No matter how synthetic she was, to him, she was more authentic than most women he'd had the displeasure of meeting.
“Atlantis is tied into a grid of worlds. Each of them equipped with our own technology, dimension therapy.”
“I don't understand.” David admitted.
“Then perhaps you ask the wrong questions,” Amelia replied. Her holographic smile toying with the doctor a bit. “Think, David.”
“How does dimension therapy work, specifically?”
“Our scientists designed a room that is perfectly-circular-”
“The dome?” David asked.
“I suppose. Our people had called it the outer ring as it's to the outside of Atlantis.” Amelia replied.
“Continue.” David said.
“We learned that through the perfect positioning of chairs within the room, we could, in effect, place the four people anywhere within the gird.”
“But only four?” David asked.
“Yes.”
“Why only four?”
“Our scientists attempted more than four. The technology simply will not work as it throws the neutron count out of line. The technology works, based on a perfect count throughout the room – hence the chairs seated in perfect proximity to one another. Down to fractions much smaller than any device Atlanteans had developed for the use of measurement.”
“And less than four will not work either?”
“No.”
“Amelia, some of us are trying to once again reach the surface above ocean. Our transport was damaged beyond repair. Is there any way to-”
“Yes.”
“How can we reach the surface?” David questioned.
“Some of our own people had the same desire. To breathe open air while brushing their hand across the serenity of green grass. They developed a series of stones on the surface. Perfectly-rounded, the stones became Apollo's Circle to my people.”
Stonehenge?
“You would be hard-pressed to find the coordinates, I'm afraid. As the computer systems were written in two languages. One to be discovered and built upon by humanity, the second a language of Atlantian dialect. It remains here, but beyond the comprehension of your science team, I assure you.”
“We're capable enough, I assure you,” David said with a smile. “It gives us hope where, only minutes ago, we had none. Thank you, Amelia.”
“I will look forward to seeing you again soon, David. I have grown very fond of our meetings.”
“As have I.” David replied.

“I told you, there's a method to my madness,” Winston said. “I took the symbols on the clicker here, turned them into numbers and started dialing. 8-6-7-5-3-0-9. I wonder if those cocksuckers found Jenny?”
“First of all, it's not a clicker. It's a very prominent piece of technological equipment. It's called the Neutron Placement Cube,” Sam huffed. “And second,” he added with a grin. “I'd love to see their faces right now.”
“No, I'm with Winston on this one. I like clicker, the name just sticks.” Josh added.
“Don't it though?” Winston asked with a grin.
“I can't believe you sent them to a planet based on the address of an 80s song,” Erica said with a laugh. “Pretty amazing.”
“Hey. I'm a sucker for the classics.”
“What's important now, though, is how to keep them away from the fort.” Josh warned.
“You really think they will come back?” Sam asked.
“I know I would.” Josh said.
“Well we have the sentry guns in place.” Erica added.
“Yea, that'll work for now. But it's a temporary fix. Those won't hold the Altarians off forever, and when I think about what else might be out there,” Josh said with deep thought. “I just want to figure out something a little more stable. The sooner, the better.”
“Agreed, brother.” Winston said.
“Well, I need to get to work then.” Sam replied.
“Well I guess you do then.” Winston said with a demanding grin.
“I'll be back to see you later, buddy, you take it easy.” Sam replied, leaning in to softly pat Winston. Of course, he did so across the bandage covering Winston's injury.
“You little bastard,” Winston blasted, sitting up quickly and falling to his back just as quickly. “I'll rip your damn head off!”
“You know. You and Sam are starting to become really close friends. It's kind of scary.” Josh mocked.
“Bullshit. He's half my size and think he knows everything there is to know. Exactly the guy I wouldn't want to be drinking with.”
“Well, I do have a bit of news for you.” Josh said.
“What?” Winston asked.
Leaning into each other, Josh and Erica began to kiss for a moment. Each of them looking back to Winston.
“Ah shit.”
“And you can keep the box of cigars.” Erica said.
“You told her about that?” Winston asked with surprise. “What happened to bros before hoes?”
“What?” Erica asked.
“Wait, what? I never called you a hoe. Seriously, I wouldn't do that.” Josh added.
“No, he's too good for something like that. It's a creed, brother. That little side bet was supposed to stay between you and me. Well, and Flea.”
“Flea too?” Erica asked. “My God.”
“Flea?” Josh asked.
“Yea. I told that little bag of bones about our bet and he said you guys would end up together. I owe him a box too, now.” Winston replied.
“Wow.” Erica said, turning and leaving abruptly.
“Aren't you going to go after her?” Winston said.
“I'm waiting,” Josh replied. “Sometimes she does this thing where she-” he added, waiting for Erica to return with a smile. When she didn't he understood it was serious.
“Well buddy, gotta run.” Josh said, leaning into softly pat Winston's injured torso.
“Man y'all some fucking comedians today!” Winston shouted, jumping back into an upright position with pain.

“Hold up.” Josh said, jogging to catch up to Erica.
“What?” she asked.
“Look, I'm sorry. I didn't know anything about that back there. Hell, I wasn't even on board with a bet to begin with. It's something stupid that Winston threw out there, I know, shocking, right? He threw it out there and volunteered me for it.”
“Sure.” Erica said, continuing her walk.
“Erica, please. I don't know what I'm supposed to say here. All I know is I can't breathe around you. It's like I get close and words just get crossed up or something. I don't know. I didn't even feel this about that witch of a girlfriend who left me for dead back on the surface,” Josh admitted. “We're in the lost city of Atlantis with virtually no hope of ever making it home. We'll likely run out of food or be killed off by an alien race in a week's time, and I would still do it all over again. Because it led me to you. I'd rather have one more week with you than an entire lifetime without you.”
She did her best to hold it in, but finally the laughter had to come out. Belting laughter bursting from deep inside her lungs. Having once again strung him along for the worse.
“Are you serious right now?” Josh asked.
“I'm sorry,” Erica said, continuing to laugh hard. “You're just SO easy to get over on. So adorably gullible.”
“Oh my God, I just laid my entire heart out to you and it was a joke? I feel like such an idiot right now!”
“Don't,” Erica said. Her laughter continued a bit, though her mood began changing to one of seriousness. “I appreciate everything you just spilled out. Honestly I do. I even feel guilty about kidding around with you now.”
“As you should,” Josh said, grinning a bit himself. “You're impossible. Overwhelming beautiful, yes, but impossible.”
Moments later, a young, attractive archaeologist and her soldier man kissed passionately. A seamless hallway of Atlantean design serving as the only boundaries of their love. The lighting from tiles above them shimmering across her lavish red hair.

“OK people, here is the deal,” Sam announced. Having gathered up the group of survivors. “I have some good news and some bad news.”
“He's kind of cute, isn't he?” Private Bethel asked Erica.
Her statement about Sam brought a curious look from Josh, who pretended not to listen, while hanging on every bit of information he could get. There was a double-date at stake, when it came down to it.
“The good news is I have found something huge in the Atlantean database. Their civilization called it the cloud, and I believe once activated, it will form a protective barrier keeping anyone and anything out of Atlantis by way of the ocean.
So that's what the cloud means. Josh thought with sarcasm. He'd seen countless soccer moms on television talking about it and now it finally made sense.
“And the bad news?” Flea asked.
“Well,” Sam replied. “I'm absolutely sure that once we activate it, there's no going back. It means we would be safe from any possible radiation above, but there would be no way we could ever leave. We'd be safe here, but we'd be completely cut off from life above.”
His statement brought a lot of loud chatter. Not all of it positive.
Reaching over a bit, Sam turned the communication station on. Upping the volume to its maximum.
What remained of the United States was reduced to a small faction under heavy siege and holding out in the Pacific Northwest of the country. The remainder of what used to be, now lay in ruins. Nothing but a hotbed of radiation and death.
In fact, a majority of the world had been reduced to the same. A portion of China, Russia and England the last remaining remnants of a civilization that was. A world of seven billion souls now stumped down to only a few hundred-thousand. Bringing the great likelihood that everyone the Atlantis team members knew or had ever cared about, were all dead.
“I'm sorry to be the one to deliver such news,” Sam said as the gathered dealt with the reality of their situation. “But we need to focus on what's in front of us. It's possible that radiation never reaches this depth. On the other hand, it's possible that such large quantities of warheads will begin to permeate the ocean, even at this level. Atlantis has some type of bubble around it, but the magnetic structure isn't going to keep radiation, or possibly even other submarines, out of this city.”
“And the cloud can?” Josh asked.
“Yes,” Sam replied. “At both ends of this city are towers reaching higher than the buildings around them. Each tower houses an antenna that, when activated, forms the cloud. I'm still trying to pick through their language, but from what I can tell, it is in place because of their own fears of the impending armies of their own time period. It looks plenty strong enough to withstand even a direct nuclear strike.”
“Its power source?” Erica asked.
“The core of our planet. We would have guaranteed safety from anything above and it would be powered for thousands of years beyond our own lifetime. The downfall, again, is that it was a last resort for the Atlanteans. Even the scientists who developed this technology couldn't find a way to effectively shut it down once activated. It's a one shot deal with no turning back. We'd never see home again.”
“Not exactly true, Sam.” David said, standing to his feet.
David looked as though he hadn't slept in weeks. Being away from Amelia burdening him every painful second.
“Sir?”
“The Atlanteans left information behind that I believe could dial us from the dome room to the surface above.”
“What?” Sam asked with shock.
“I believe their scientists did not give you a shut-off switch for the cloud, because they designed a way to dial themselves to the surface. Stonehenge, I believe. But there's no way to truly be sure. If the code is here, it's buried deep within the computer systems inside of a language we'll likely never understand.” David replied.
“Point me into the direction and give me a few days. I'll show you some magic.” Sam replied with confidence.
“Sam, their computer system plainly stated that the information wasn't left for us because we couldn't comprehend it.” David replied.
“No offense, sir, but I'm the man for the job. I may not be the best with words or have any sort of a social life to speak of. But you put me in front of a computer with information we need, and I promise you, not even the brightest Atlantean scientists of a thousand years ago can keep up. I just need a few days.”
“We don't have it.” David replied.
“What?” Sam asked, mirroring everyone else's response.
The Atlanteans' computer is by far the most fanciful thing I've ever been privileged enough to grab hold of. They understood that we'd find Atlantis one day. They purposely withheld, even secured information that they felt we could never understand. There is a huge data bank for us to study and a second data bank a thousand times its size that we were never meant to tinker with. Amelia already knows about the radiation above. We're buried beneath water that is right in the middle of hell above. We have two days, maybe less. Then we're all dead. Their computer system told me this directly.”
“Then we have to activate the cloud.” Josh said.
“Yes,” David said. “Otherwise we're dead within two days.”
“Everyone agree?” Josh asked.
“Lieutenant, a word.” Captain Ellis said, motioning the soldier over.
“Yes sir.”
“If we do this, we're completely cutting off everything above. The potential for resupply, reinforcements or the opportunity to help our fellow soldiers above.”
“I agree, sir,” Josh said. “But we'll be no help to anyone dead. There's a chance we can figure out how to dial to the surface.”
“I want you to take a good hard look over there,” Captain Ellis said, staring into the group's direction. “The smartest man in the world, possibly, and he's the equivalent of us fucking an oversized mayonnaise jar at the moment. We have little idea what we're doing, absolutely no direction and holding on for dear life.”
“I agree.”
“As a soldier, you're taught to think in the field. Assess the pros and cons, then make an educated choice based on what you know. You do that, soldier, and I'll back your decision. No matter what. But I want to hear it from you, not a scientist. And honestly, the rest of the group needs to hear it from you. As an order, not a choice.”
“Understood, sir.” Josh replied.
Walking back over to the group, Josh took a place right beside Sam. Prepared to finally stand and deliver as a soldier should.
“It's not up for debate,” Josh said. “If we activate the cloud, we may die down here on Atlantis. Starvation, war, who's to say. If we don't activate the cloud, we'll be dead within two days. So Sam, activate the cloud. Every scientist we have should be working on digging through the pile of computers and information within this city. The military-trained should be working on shoring up our city and its one and only entry point. The dome room. The time for wondering about what could have been is over. Now it's time to realize exactly what we have. It's time to move forward. The science team will answer to David Hopkins, so get with him and find out where he needs you. The military-trained will answer to Captain Bruce Ellis.”
“On me!” Captain Ellis replied.
What? Josh thought.
“Sentry guns chewing off like crazy down near the dome room!” Captain Ellis yelled, warning the others.
Within that moment, everything else became secondary. Survival was the only thing that mattered to the souls who remained.

“Keep pushing through!” Darian yelled. “You will hear gunfire before you see it. Push forward. Many of you will fall, some will survive. We WILL take the city of Atlantis!” he added. “Lieutenant Josh Pierce will be left for me to deal with. Should any of you lay a hand on him, you will answer to me. Is that understood?”
“YES SIR!”
Nearly a hundred soldiers, each of them draped in the cloth of war with a rifle in hand, awaited their turn. Forced to travel to Atlantis four at a time. Princess Lauren and her champion knew that the survivors on Atlantis were weak, but the city itself was strong. In time, they would learn of many Atlantean secrets, making them powerful enough to fight back.
Now was the time to strike, while the humans were weak. The war of thousands of years before – coming once more.



From the Author


I hope you've enjoyed this story as much as I enjoyed writing it. In the end, reading should be fun. Too many authors forget about that, but I strive to create stories that help readers escape the real world for a short time. If you enjoyed it, please take the time to review this story on the website in which you purchased it. That helps other readers find it. Thanks! If you'd like more free stories, I have an entire section over on my website.
johndavisbooks.wordpress.com










