AUPES
Les Broad
Published by Les Broad at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 Les Broad
Discover other titles by Les Broad at Smashwords.com 

Smashwords  Edition, License  Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.


PROLOGUE 
Some people perhaps the perceptive ones, perhaps the gullible, Believed. 
Some said that lines on the ground in South America were alien landing strips. Others contended that corn circles were complex messages. It had been argued that even the Bible contained descriptions of alien spaceships as pillars of fire. Those who really Believed knew that Earth had been visited over thousands of years by travellers from other worlds. 
So-called ‘reliable' witnesses gave undramatic factual accounts. Airline and air force pilots reported craft doing impossible things. Police officers saw flying saucers on the ground. Radar operators saw blips that shouldn't do what they did. 
But, naturally, some people refused to accept the evidence, arguing that there were rational, earthbound explanations for these phenomena. The late twentieth century boom in flying saucer spotting was explained as weather balloons, low flying aircraft and other mundane occurrences. Roswell? Area 51? These were of no significance at all if you refused to Believe. 
There were of course those who had met Them. Their accounts may have been dismissed as tricks of the memory, lies or the product of hallucinogenic drugs but these people Believed. 
But none of these people could ever know how important they really were. 

Because they were momentously significant. 


CHAPTER 1 
In the year 2207 the pace of degradation seemed to increase. The only habitable places on the face of the planet were Europe north of the Alps and Scandinavia, and even what had once been Sweden was getting bad now. 
It had been going on for nearly two hundred years. Mankind had entered the new millennium with unbounded optimism, with new-found wealth being created in East Africa based on new generation intelligent computer, robotics and deep-space avionics companies setting up in the equatorial regions. Tragically, this explosion of wealth occurred as reliance on fossil fuels declined sharply, plunging the Middle East into a financial crisis with amazing speed. That decline brought to the fore expansionist rulers who were prepared to use any means to regain their financially pre-eminent position in the world. A first strike on newly industrialised East Africa with chemical and biological weapons led to a response, forced on Western politicians by their corporate paymasters. Within hours sufficient weapons had been deployed to wipe out all life in sub-Saharan Africa, the Middle East and North America. 
Those who made fortunes creating and trafficking in such weapons of mass killing insisted in their sales pitches that the effects were short term. They could not have been more wrong. 
As well as the original target areas, Asia was now, nearly two hundred years later, all but a dead continent. Even Australia and New Zealand could no longer support any life. South America had been completely dead within fifty years. Europe resisted, but at huge cost as all efforts in any academic or technological field were directed at stopping the spread of murderous chemical clouds. Even so, southern Europe was finished and the habitable areas were becoming smaller with every year. But this year it was getting worse faster. 
Against the threatening, ominous background Sarah Gifford worked in a pocket of what might almost be called civilisation in Denmark (as it used to be called) controlling a vast team dedicated to survival. She was a toxicologist but these days seemed to be a full time panic controller and administrator. Two years earlier she had instigated, in the greatest secrecy, a survival option. 
She had sworn a specially convened meeting, in January 2205, to secrecy before outlining what she wanted to achieve. She had managed, as had those who had been Controller before her, to hold together the best people in all the necessary fields to fight the poisonous onslaught, but had realised that she and her predecessors in the shrinking world's most impossible job had been merely deferring the ultimate disaster of extinction. By the time she hatched her plan, she knew she would be the one who would be unable to hand over control. When the time came, everyone would have been dead for a decade or more. 
On that freezing morning two years before, she had looked at the weary, drawn faces of her chosen team. Bryn Jenkins the Welsh engineer could, it seemed, build anything with nothing and make it run perfectly on hope alone. Marge Dorowitz was a physicist of considerable skill and, for someone of American origin, discreet and sensible. Finally there was the biologist. Nikki Weaver was young, just 25 whereas Jenkins was over 40, as was Marge, but her knowledge of her subject was encyclopaedic. Sarah was also in the over forty category but her years in charge made her look and act much older. 
"Let's all sit down. I have something to put to you all and I am nervous enough already without you three milling about." 
Sarah sat behind her desk with Nikki straight in front of her. The others sat off to one side. 
"I'd appreciate it," Sarah began, "if, as far as anyone else is concerned, this is just a routine updating session. OK?" There were murmurs of interested agreement. 
"Good. I am going to start by admitting I'm frightened. Well, it's more than that, really, I'm actually scared to death. I've been checking back, as far as I can, over the whole period since the war - nearly two hundred years now - and I can't find any, repeat, any time when we've regained so much as a yard of ground against this damned poison. Sure, from time to time we've slowed it down some, maybe even halted it for a while, but we've never pushed it back. Let's face it, people, if we haven't done it yet, it just ain't about to happen. We're losing and with our resources reducing all the time we're not going to change that. For two centuries we've fought a losing battle and it seems pretty clear to me that I'm going to be the one in charge when the last of us dies. Anybody want to argue with me so far?" 
"We've made progress with artificial environments," Nikki said, "but realistically we'd need a major slowdown in degeneration, maybe eighty per cent, to give us a chance of getting something working properly. Every time we try anywhere near the poison border we lose another team. As the degeneration is on the increase I'd have to say it's hopeless." 
"OK. Anything to add? Marge? Bryn?" Nobody replied. 
"We're agreed then. We've had it, maybe in five, ten years. Fifteen if we're optimistic, but then we'd probably starve before the poison kills us. As I see it we've got one option. Leave." 
"And go where?" Marge seemed cynical. "About the only place better is north Norway, but it's too damned cold to grow food and anyway with Sweden being bad and getting worse that situation won't last more than a year or two. We can't go anywhere." 
"Now hold on Marge, Sarah must have something in mind to raise the issue at all. I don't see what it could be, but let her go on." 
"Thanks, Bryn. But Marge is right. We're in the best place on Earth. Where I have in mind isn't on Earth." 
The trio in the audience looked at each other in astonishment, but quickly Bryn's face showed that he was thinking about the proposal seriously. Marge was the one who took the point up. 
"Fantasy! The farthest we've been is Mars and there's nothing there to justify any hope of a permanent settlement as we've known for two hundred years or more. Anyway, I doubt if we could now drum up enough expertise to build an orbiter, much less an interplanetary vehicle. Sorry, Sarah, much as I admire you for trying to think of a novel solution you can forget that one." 
Sarah looked Marge straight in the eye as she leaned forward. 
"Marge," she said, "I wasn't thinking interplanetary - " 
"Well," Marge jumped back in "that makes a difference! We screw together a vehicle with lunar capability and after a few dozen trips we've got a nice little community up there, peering down on Earth waiting for the grass to start growing again. I'd rather take my chances down here, thanks.” 
"It would be possible, given time, though." Bryn sounded unsure but his face showed a more positive disposition. 
"I'm sure it would be possible, Bryn," Sarah went on, "But it's not enough. I want interstellar." 
Marge snorted. "Good grief. You're mad, quite mad." 
"No, Marge, I think," Bryn said quietly, "it could be done. The engineering records are pretty good and somewhere there are some theoretical proposals for going outside the solar system – I read that stuff for fun when I’ve got time. Never tested, of course, so even if we could build the vehicle it would be bloody dangerous at every stage. My gut reaction is that we've got damn all to lose, so let's look at it." 
"OK," said Sarah, appearing satisfied, “this is what I propose. Nikki can work out a payload in terms of food production and a genetic bank to start a new population. Bryn can see if a vehicle can be built. And you, Marge, can offer your skills to Bryn whenever he needs them as well as, if you don't mind me being direct, a healthy dose of cynicism towards the whole project, so that we don't get carried away. Questions?" 
"What's the next stage, assuming my so-called cynicism doesn't quash everything inside twenty four hours?" 
“I suggest we meet again in fourteen days with a view to making a decision as to whether or not we try." 


CHAPTER 2 
That had been two years ago. The decision had been made to look seriously at the possibility and that decision led to Bryn, aided by a small team he built up, creating a computer model of an interstellar vehicle. Now, that vehicle was a reality, and it sat a hundred miles to the north. Two years of work in the utmost secrecy had given a hope of survival to a few, yet to be chosen, people. Sarah Gifford again sat in her office with the same three people as two years previously. Bryn had been talking for a long time. 
"That's it, really. In simulation it gets off the ground and can achieve orbit, then, provided that the theory about travelling faster than light speed is right, we can get there, wherever there is." 
"I think you should tell us," said Marge, "if only for the record, what happens if that theory is wrong." 
"We'd still get there. But we'd have been dead for millennia when we arrive." 
"There is no choice in my opinion." Sarah still believed that it was the only chance for human survival. "The poison spread is still accelerating and survival here in any acceptable way is probably now down to five years. What we now need to do is to decide who goes and who stays. Of those of us in this room I have made a decision, and I confess I have shed tears every day for many weeks over this, and I'll cry again after this meeting, I have no doubt. But I expect you to accept and abide by my decision. 
"Bryn must go. He is essential to the efficiency of this operation. Nikki, your level of expertise and payload knowledge dictates that you must also go, and you will go as mission commander. I will stay, as will you, Marge. I'm sorry that I am ordering you to die an unpleasant death." 
"It might be just as unpleasant to die a million miles from anywhere. I've never wanted to go. I agree that Bryn and Nikki are vital and, Nikki, you'll be a great commander. May whatever God you believe in smile on you." 
"No comments from you, Bryn, or you, Nikki?" 
"I feel staggered that you think I can command the mission. Are you sure?" Sarah just nodded. 
"For myself, I'd hate to let anyone else loose on my bird. I know her and can keep her flying; thanks for letting me go with her, Sarah." 
"Good. From now on mission headquarters will be on the vehicle, where Bryn and Nikki will base themselves. Assemble a list of those you want with you up to payload maximum and let me have it. If I think you're leaving anyone because they'd do more good here I'll overrule. Now get on with it." 
Sarah sat back in her chair as the others left. It was curious that nobody had asked where they were supposed to be going if the vehicle actually got into space, but Sarah supposed that, just at the moment, it was a small detail. She'd tell Bryn when she visited mission HQ. That was that, then, she thought. Still only Bryn's team, Marge, Nikki and Sarah herself knew of the mission, and no-one who was to be left behind would be told until after the leavers had gone. Cowardly? Perhaps, but it would help to maintain order until departure and prevent any possibility of riots or worse, which the community would be ill-equipped to deal with. Feeling exhausted, Sarah left her office for some rest, well-earned in her opinion. 
Bryn drove back to the vehicle site, now mission HQ. He stopped his transport and looked at his creation. God, he thought, it's ugly. But it should work. An element of doubt crept unbidden into his mind. Humans had been planet-bound for two centuries, and the last time they went anywhere only three of them went and spent months in a weightless environment just to get to Mars. Now, with no testing other than computer modelling, he was expected to take a large contingent of people, and herds of animals as well, in a vehicle, vast by comparison, that had untried artificial gravity, untried earth-launch engines and a speed capability that defied the imagination. The Mars ship approached five per cent of light speed at its fastest. This object in front of him was designed to go a thousand times faster, and then some. Bryn shuddered at the thought and realised that, for the first time, he was scared. Not of dying - that was going to happen in a few years anyway - but of failing. 
His small team of engineers and large numbers of intelligent robots were working flat out, just as they had every day for two years. It had used all the creativity that could be mustered over that period and everything that could be drawn from the databanks they had been able to raid. Bryn gave silent thanks to whoever had inspired the late twentieth century free exchange of information between the European Space Agency and the American National Aeronautics and Space Administration. NASA had downloaded vast amounts into the ESA computers and all that data was still being used. The Russians had also provided data to ESA, but that contained little that NASA hadn't done better. The one thing that the Russians had unwittingly provided was base data about long-term space flights from their old Mir programme. Nikki had spent days working on that in preparing her payload schedules, then weeks trying to adjust the base data to make it relevant to an artificial gravity environment. 
Nikki caught up with Bryn while he was under a control panel, only his legs sticking out onto the Bridge floor. 
"Got a minute, Bryn?" 
"Hold on, got him! Get in there! Right, Commander, what can I do for you?" Bryn had slipped easily into using Nikki's new rank. She was one of only two people for whom Bryn had total respect. He didn't allow himself to think about the other one deciding that she must remain on Earth, but he would have expected nothing less from Sarah. 
"I was wondering if you could say when this thing will be ready to fly." 
"Big question. I'll never say it'll be perfectly ready, but give me another week and, apart from one computer with nothing to do, it'll be as good as it'll ever get." 
"Why does one computer have nothing to do?" There was a trace of a smile on Nikki's face, expecting a complicated answer that would be obvious as soon as Bryn said it. 
"Well now. It's the one thing nobody has mentioned. Too final, I suppose, or something. Navigation, Commander. It's the box of tricks that will point us to wherever we're going." 
Nikki, like everyone else who knew about the mission, had shied away from considering a destination. Thinking about that meant thinking about being the first group of humans to leave Earth, never to return; the first people to establish a human civilisation on another planet without the means to return. She shuddered at the thought. 
"I agree, Commander," said Bryn reassuringly, "best not to think about it until we have to." That need was close, and getting closer as Sarah drove up to mission HQ. 
Sarah was experiencing some strange emotions as she drove with Marge Dorowitz and saw the big, ugly vehicle in the cold light of late afternoon. She intended to agree with Nikki who went and who stayed. She also needed to tell both Nikki and Bryn where they were going. In other words, she thought to herself, I'm telling Nikki which people get five years and then certain death, and which get sent off with an evens chance of dying sooner. And I have to tell Bryn to aim his untested vessel at a planet that exists only in theory. For the first time she had doubts about the mission, but immediately put them aside: it was too late now for her resolve to weaken. 
Sarah and Marge met up with Bryn and Nikki in a cramped room, that was to be Bryn's cabin, aboard the vehicle. 
Marge looked about her, as she had since coming aboard. She was as glad now that she was staying behind as she had been on every other visit here. "What are you calling this thing - the Jenkins Model T?" 
"No, Marge," Bryn replied with a smile, "unless the Commander objects, she's going to be KonTiki." 
"I see," said Sarah, "it shouldn't get where it's going, but come hell or high water it will?" 
"That's it. It seemed appropriate." 
"I like it, as long as it's as successful as its inspiration." Nikki looked happy enough with the name of her command. 
"Good." Sarah's expression became more serious. "Nikki, I have to ask you now about your decision as to who goes and who stays. Do you have a list?" 
"Yes. It's not been easy. I started with a complement of 206, but as the computer projections proved that I needed more food than could be produced, I ended up with a reduced complement of 180 and sufficient seed and livestock to farm effectively on arrival. It allows for an accelerated mortality rate among the livestock during flight, which might happen. I've tried to construct a balanced mix of skills combined with the correct genetic types to start a colony with a realistic chance of growth. To do this I've weighted the complement heavily towards females of child bearing age, with an overall age limit of 40. Bryn is the one exception." She passed her list to Sarah, who scanned it quickly without comment. 
"I'll look at this in detail with you later. I have been dreading this moment for a long time, but we must address the question of the destination. I decided this before we first discussed the possibility of leaving Earth, and although it may be a weakness on my part I've found it an awful burden to bear. Bryn, do you have a star chart?" 
"Give me a minute, I'll call it up." He sat at his computer terminal and produced the chart. Sarah looked at it for a moment, then used the mouse to highlight an undistinguished-looking star a little further out on the sun's arm of the galaxy. 
"There," she said quietly, "research carried out with space telescopes suggested that there is a planetary system. All that I've seen, and I spent a long time studying that star, makes me believe that one of its planets will be sufficiently Earth-like to support you when you arrive. None of you will be surprised when I say that the latest research was carried out pre-war and we may have lost some relevant data, so we can't be sure that I'm right. But it's where you're going, and if I am right you can name your first city Gifford, OK?" 
Nobody spoke as Marge sat back, more relieved than ever that she was destined to die on her own planet, and the others stared in silent contemplation at the screen. 
"Think of it this way," Sarah said quietly in an effort to lighten the mood a little, "you go there, get organised, travel the planet and have children and grandchildren. No-one on Earth will ever know the pleasure of grandchildren, or be able to travel freely again. The risks are very, very high, but there is a chance. We who are staying have no future, no chance at all." 
"If the space telescopes were still up there we could have a closer look." Bryn said this in a matter-of-fact tone, but it prompted a reaction from Marge. 
"Let me see if I've got this straight. A hundred and eighty people are climbing onto this bucket of bolts full of untried systems, travelling for years if they're lucky and then hoping that the planet they've aimed for firstly exists and secondly might support life. Is that about right?" 
"I think you do the research and the engineering some injustice, but essentially you're right. Do you still want to go, Nikki? Bryn?" 
"I don't know what the Commander feels, but I reckon there's enough work gone into this vehicle to give us a fighting chance, unless we've made any major mistakes. Yes, Sarah, I want to go." 
"And I support what Bryn has said. I am still prepared to command the mission. I think we should keep any doubts about the destination to ourselves. Those going need to know that there is a viable destination and those staying should, I think, know that there's an outside chance of us coming back in the future, if they survive." 
"OK, we're agreed. Nikki, you and I must go through the list of leavers. I'm sure Bryn and Marge can get to work programming the computers now they have a destination." 


CHAPTER 3 
Several hours later Nikki's list had been examined, person by person, and Sarah had needed to make only one change. Bryn was able to confirm that the computer had worked out a course, and that dictated a departure that was now fifty three days away. 
Sarah seemed happy that the leavers could be assembled and briefed in that time, but made it clear again that those staying would be told of the mission only when it had left. She told Bryn that she would send the leavers up to the site in small groups to be accommodated on board, but she and Marge would not return until the date of the departure. 
The days passed quickly as groups arrived, knowing nothing at all about what was expected of them. Nikki and Bryn briefed each group as they arrived, dealt with questions, fears, and a few refusals. With ten days to go the whole complement was in residence, including those who had initially refused. There was an atmosphere of optimism on board although everyone accepted the huge risks. Two days before departure KonTiki was fuelled from the carefully assembled and created mixtures that had been gathered over the past two years, leading Bryn to mutter, constantly but inaudibly, about the weight of his beloved KonTiki, the engine power predictions and the containment on board of the fuel for acceleration to multiples of light speed. His stress level rose visibly with each passing hour and Nikki had to ensure that he took rest, otherwise he would never have stopped working. She also made sure that everyone else kept, as far as possible, out of his way. 
Sarah Gifford arrived alone. Marge Dorowitz had declined the chance of seeing KonTiki leave because, she said, she couldn't be a witness to something that sent so many people to their deaths. Sarah knew her too well, and although she accepted the words, she knew the real reason was that Marge would, at some point, break down. 
Sarah spent a lot of time meeting each and every one of the leavers, encouraging and supporting them and in some cases tempering their wild hopes. When she finally disembarked for the last time she had tears streaming down her cheeks as she stood with Bryn and Nikki on green grass. 
"I'm sorry," she said, "I don't think I can stop the tears.” 
"Don't worry," Bryn said cheerfully, "if you can't be honestly emotional now you'd be less than human. Look after them, Sarah. When we've gone there will still be thousands who need you." 
"And they couldn't have anyone better," Nikki added, then paused. "This is it, isn't it? When we go back up those steps, we lose contact for ever, whatever happens. You can't know whether we're alive, or spread across the galaxy in molecules. I should say something significant, shouldn't I?" Sarah realised that, far from saying anything significant, Nikki could say nothing at all as she started to cry as well. 
"Well, you two, this really won't do." Bryn looked at the two tearful women. "It's as well that those on board can't see their Mission Commander weeping away, and Sarah being worse." His tone was gentle and understanding, helping them to recover some composure. 
"This is goodbye, then," Sarah said, "my thoughts go with you. Make it work." 
"We will, Sarah. Gifford base is as good as established." Nikki hugged Sarah and turned away, quickly climbing aboard and disappearing from Sarah's sight for the last time. 
"Mr Jenkins, I commend the wellbeing of the souls aboard to you. Take them swiftly and safely, assist Commander Weaver as and when she may need it and may this exceptional vehicle live up to your expectations. Goodbye, old friend." Sarah hugged Bryn briefly then walked away as fast as she could before she broke down again. She was a couple of hundred yards away before she trusted herself to turn, and then she saw her old unsentimental colleague and friend crouching down, running his fingers over the grass for the last time before he, too, climbed aboard and hauled up the access ladder behind him. Sarah could just hear the door being forced closed. 
Later, much later, she sat alone on a small hill a mile distant. She knew that the tension on board would be almost unbearable as Bryn checked and checked again that everything was in order. Those 180 people were to be in that metal vehicle for the next thirty nine months, and only the next hour or so would be spent on this planet. 
On board as Bryn carried out his huge list of final tasks Nikki addressed the complement, thinking that now she must get used to calling them settlers. After her introduction over the on-board address system her voice became a little more serious. 
"We are," she said, "now in a small, confined space that is to be our home for the next 39 months. It is not going to be easy because although each person aboard has a small private space for his or her exclusive use we are going to be in very close constant contact with each other. Personal hygiene will be difficult to maintain, but please do what you can. We are accompanied by animals, and I would ask that we all tolerate some discomfort from their presence. However, if anyone feels particularly bad about this as the weeks pass, let me know. I may not be able to do anything about it but I do want to know about serious problems. 
"Boredom is going to be a problem. We have been unable to bring any printed material other than for engineering purposes and while the computers on board will be able to provide some entertainment it will be very limited, as we all know. This brings me to the difficulty of sex. We are all of an age to be sexually active and it would be unreasonable to expect everyone to be celibate for the entire trip. If you intend to have sex with anyone there are two things that I would ask and one that I must insist on. Can I firstly ask that it's done as infrequently and discreetly as possible and secondly that we try to avoid forming relationships. If anyone wants to take issue with me on this point I will explain face to face, but you should all realise why I am saying this. I must insist that pregnancies are avoided as we are simply not equipped to deal with pregnant women or children. 
"Other problems will undoubtedly arise during the months to come. As Mission Commander I will always be available to give whatever help and advice that I can, and will arbitrate in disputes if it is necessary. Let us try to make this trip as easy as we can for each other. Thank you for your attention, now please prepare for takeoff. Strap yourselves in well when we go - the first hour will be the worst." 
Nikki turned off the microphone and went to find Bryn. They were now inside the computer predicted takeoff window and would be for another three hours. If they missed it another year would pass before they could try again. 
She found Bryn as she expected to, on the Bridge with his flight crew. His second engineer, Alison Scrivener, third engineer Nina Werner and navigator Louise Ryan were squashed in with their relief crew, Gordon Mitchell, Zoe Hill and Andrea Toyne. The air of calm professionalism contrasted starkly with Bryn's tension of recent days and weeks. 
"Bryn?" she asked. He anticipated her question. 
"Give the order to go in two hours, Commander, and we'll be away with no problems." 
"OK, Chief. Two hours and I'll be back." She left him with an affectionate squeeze of his shoulder. It meant much to Bryn that she trusted him and his team completely. 
The engineers had checked everything so often that had anything been less than perfect it would have leapt out at them. Eventually Bryn turned to Alison and Nina, who looked at him expectantly. 
"I don't see that there's anything else we can do. Both sets of engines are on line and set to function as they should?" Two nods confirmed this. "We're airtight and pressurised?” Two more nods. "And the artificial gravity will function normally when it goes back on?" 
"Yes, Chief, but when does it go on? Whose responsibility is it?" 
"You've got a mental block about that, haven't you, Alison? It compensates automatically for the loss of natural gravity as we rise, as soon as you, yes you, Alison, enter the code during takeoff. Code it in before we have full power from the launch engines and it'll drain too much and we'll sit here for ever. OK?" 
"OK, Chief." Alison checked the entry codes again and squeezed into her takeoff position, checking that she was physically capable of operating her terminal. She pronounced herself satisfied and squeezed out again. The two hours passed quickly and Nikki came back to the Bridge exactly on time. Bryn looked up at her with what he hoped was a relaxed smile. 
"We're all set, Commander. There's nobody outside who can stop us. Give the word and we'll be on our way." 
Nikki sat in the command chair; she'd imagined this moment so often but now it was actually here she felt her throat tighten. Her mouth was dry, minute beads of sweat appeared on her forehead and her hands shook. 
"Let's get strapped in." It was said really just to check that her voice worked. It did. She flicked on her microphone and addressed the settlers. 
"You have two minutes to strap yourselves in. Say goodbye to planet Earth. Chief Engineer Jenkins tells me that the next hour or so will be rough, but after that we have 39 months of smooth flight ahead of us. Good luck everybody." The mike was flicked off again. 
"Right, Chief. Two minutes then fire it up." Nikki was quietly pleased with the dispassionate way she had moved them from being earthbound to being willing astronauts. If she could be relaxed about it all it would help everyone else, or so she hoped. Bryn set the autotimer on the ignition computer, checked that everyone on the Bridge was secure and strapped himself tightly to his own takeoff seat. The countdown had started. He hadn't put a cancel option into the sequence - they were going. 


CHAPTER 4 
Sarah Gifford stood alone on her hill a mile away. She hadn't moved for over ninety minutes apart from checking her watch frequently. But now she thought she could see wisps of smoke and escaping gas from KonTiki. She couldn't be sure. 
In theory, when the four takeoff engines lit up the vehicle should rise vertically, accelerating slowly. Then the thrust should begin to take it away to the East where it should eventually disappear. Why was it taking so long? There was less than an hour of the window left. Was there a problem? Should she go back and help? Still she remained rooted to the spot, not knowing what was happening inside the squat ugly machine a mile away. She realised that the uncertainty she felt now would be with her for the rest of her life. 
Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the loudest noise Sarah had ever heard. Four launch engines fired simultaneously, exactly as they should. KonTiki sat motionless for two agonisingly long seconds, its outline becoming slightly hazy with the vibration, or exhaust heat, or both. Then it started to lift, so very slowly, vertically into the cold air. The ground shook as the engines blasted their thrust groundwards and the vehicle's vertical progress could be measured through the soles of Sarah's feet. She realised she was tilting her head back to watch its progress, then it turned slowly eastwards, the noise painfully, ear-splittingly loud. Still it rose, now accelerating and climbing with the colossal power. Sarah watched it drawing ever further away, shrinking faster and faster until she could no longer see or hear it. 
She still didn't move. It looked like a successful launch, but if they came down now they would be in central Asia. They'd be dead from the poison almost as soon as they opened the hatches, if the landing didn't kill them. Sarah would never know. She sighed, then turned towards her transport. Now she had to tell the rest, the overwhelming majority, of the community where these 180 people had disappeared to. She was not looking forward to the task. 

The takeoff noise on board KonTiki had been much less, perhaps mildly uncomfortable at worst. Bryn and his team had designed it to be so, but what he found to be more troubling was his pulse rate. It had jumped up when the engines fired and made another leap upwards when the vehicle eased into the air. It had slowed a little as they turned eastwards, gaining height and speed exactly as programmed although Bryn felt that it all seemed way too slow. Nikki's command chair was the only one which had a view out of the six inch thick Bridge observation port, but she had her eyes closed and didn't see the clouds beginning to rush past. 
As they climbed KonTiki began to buck, roll and lurch with the effects of wind and pressure variations. The vibrations were severe all the way up and as long minutes crept by everyone on board was being bruised by their own straps, and intensely shaken. Through blurred vision and with hands over which she seemed to have little control Alison Scrivener coded in the artificial gravity which slowly began to take over from Earth's gravity as KonTiki inexorably rose through the atmosphere. The sky visible through the observation port darkened slowly, watched by Nikki, eyes now open, as she fought to hold on to the idea that she was leaving Earth, never to return. 
Her emotions were in turmoil and she was glad that for the time being everyone aboard was strapped in place and conversation was impossible. The sensation of unreality that she felt was perhaps reduced by the artificial gravity system - at least she didn't have to cope with weightlessness as well as everything else - and the absence of the bulky spacesuits that twentieth century astronauts had been compelled to wear. Apart from the muffled roar from the launch engines and the feeling of being in a badly designed bathroom (mentally she asked Bryn to forgive the thought, but she'd had it since she first saw the Bridge months before) the only thing that suggested the enormity and finality of the mission was the view out. No-one else could see it, so maybe adjustment would come slowly and she would not be faced with large numbers of people panicking at what they had undertaken. As she considered her own reactions to being on the fringes of space the vehicle had smoothed out and the ride was becoming comfortable even if it was still noisy. The first hour was nearly over. 
Bryn Jenkins had no time to think about his emotions. From his seat close to Nikki's left foot he monitored the performance as little by little the Earth's gravitational effects were cast off. The computers were telling him, just as he'd expected, that there were just a few minutes now before the launch engines could be downpowered, leaving KonTiki in a safe high orbit, travelling at almost seven miles per second. He watched the time tick slowly away, occasionally rubbing his eyes. He had realised that he was tired as the vehicle had been climbing, and that perhaps he should have listened more closely to those who had been telling him to rest more over the last few weeks on Earth. He told himself that once he'd got the deep space propulsion units on line and they were clear of the solar system, in interstellar space, he'd have the best part of 39 months to rest. Right now he had to concentrate on the computers to ensure that the launch engines cut out at the right time. The longer they fired now, the less time he'd have to land them when they arrived on the new planet. Still the computers counted down, now in the last minute, now in the last few seconds. Suddenly all was smooth and deathly quiet as the four engines downpowered together and KonTiki sped round Earth in its predetermined high orbit. Bryn's pulse rate was down to a more or less normal level. 
"Commander," Bryn said in his flat emotionless tone, "we are in orbit. Launch engines are off line and in forty five minutes we can, on your order, engage deep space propulsion to take us out of Earth orbit." He'd rehearsed this speech a few times and it came out, he thought, rather well. 
Louise Ryan, the navigator, confirmed that Bryn's timings coincided with her own. Nikki gazed out through the small port at the vast emptiness of space, still unsure how she felt at being here. 
"Thank you," she said, “that was a nice ride, Bryn, better than I thought. Any problems down there?" 
“None at all. Louise?" 
“No, Chief, spot on track. Hit the exit point and we can't miss." 
"So far so good, then." Nikki sounded pleased. "Anyone care to comment on how they feel to be up here?" 
"Relieved." Bryn's comment was heartfelt. 
"And excited. I never thought I see it happen but we did it." 
"We've done it so far, Louise. There's a way to go yet. I'd better tell everyone else what's happening." Nikki switched her microphone on and called for attention. 
"We are successfully in orbit around the Earth," she paused while whoops, cheers and clapping briefly broke out. "We have thirty minutes before we leave orbit, so if anyone wants to stretch limbs now is the time to do it. We will have another period strapped down, but it will be a smooth acceleration to light speed plus, so Mr Jenkins assures me. I trust you all enjoyed the ride up, and will enjoy the rest of this little trip even more. The hard part's over. I'll let you all know when it's time to strap in again." The mike was flicked off. Bryn had heaved himself out of his seat and was peering out of the port. Louise was busy checking the navigation computations for the most critical part of her job, that of taking them out of orbit, and worked quietly by Nikki's right foot. Nikki let Bryn take the command chair as she wriggled out of the confines of the Bridge and into the relative spaciousness of the settlers' quarters. She tried to speak to as many people as she could, and particularly sought out Fiona Ormond, the vet, to ensure that their livestock had survived the trip through the atmosphere. 
"They're all there, but one or two look mildly confused. There's nothing at all to worry about, except for the smell. It's going to be worse than we thought unless they calm down a lot." 
"OK, Fiona. When will you be able to tell if we're going to have a problem?" 
"Give them a day or two to recover from the next acceleration, then they should settle. I'll keep you informed." 
"Great, Fiona, thanks." Nikki left the vet to her work and sought out the more senior of the two doctors aboard. 
"Christine," she said when she found Dr Christine Murray, "any problems?" 
"None at all, Commander. You picked your people well. Pete Webster and I have been through and seen everybody and the worst problem is that a lot of them are just too keen to get out into deep space!" 
"Fine, I'm not worried about enthusiasm, as long as it's still there when we land." 
"With these people it will be." 
"Thanks, Christine. Let me know if any problems develop." 
"Will do." 
Nikki clambered back onto the Bridge and stood, slightly crouched in the confined space, beside Bryn in her chair. 
"How long?" she asked. 
"Ten minutes or so, I think. Louise?" 
"Nine minutes fifty." 
"OK, let's get everybody strapped down again."” Bryn returned to his own seat as Nikki announced that everyone needed to be strapped in. Bryn linked his own engineering management computer to Louise's navigation system, transferring control of the deep space propulsion units to her. There was nothing more he could do. 
Louise sat watching the second countdown as they hurtled round the Earth. The screen showed eleven seconds to go and a faint humming started to build up, levelling out as the screen showed zero and started to count up. There was a gentle push, more sensed than felt, of bodies into seats. KonTiki, in a totally undramatic way, left its orbit exactly on time, accelerating at a pace that would have left a twentieth century astronaut speechless in amazement. Nikki watched stars outside become larger, turn into planets and rush past. She thought she recognised Saturn, but could have been mistaken. She didn't know how long the view had held her transfixed, but seemingly within only seconds a voice from somewhere near her right knee announced rather casually: "We are now free of the solar system, Commander, and are entering interstellar space. Course and speed are both exactly as predicted. We are on our way." 
Bryn's familiar voice came from somewhere near Nikki's left knee. "Just to add to what Louise has said, hull integrity appears to have remained at 100% and fuel usage on takeoff was within acceptable limits. You will be happy to know that we can land on any planet provided that its gravitational pull does not exceed 115% of Earth." 
"Thank you. We're looking good, it seems." Nikki flicked on the mike. "We have attained interstellar space, so you now have approximately 39 months before you will need to strap yourselves in for landing." There was a huge cheer, filling the vehicle, as Nikki flicked the mike off. 

Back on Earth Sarah Gifford had reported what she had seen to Marge Dorowitz, and that it seemed to have been successful. During her drive back from the launch site she had considered how best to tell several thousand people that the mission had been conceived, developed and launched in total secrecy and that 180 people were gone, never to be seen again. She finally decided that a radio announcement would be best since most people in the community listened constantly to the stream of announcements and occasional entertainment that it offered. Newspapers were non-existent and television had long ago been condemned as a waste of resources. 
Her broadcast was arranged quickly, and took place shortly after KonTiki entered interstellar space. Sarah, of course, could not be sure that it had done so, but for this purpose must assume that it had. She entered what passed for a studio with Marge for moral support and sat at the desk in front of a microphone. The daily summary of the extent of the poisoned atmosphere was nearing its end - Sarah heard that whilst the community's efforts were containing the spread over land it was spreading a little faster now over water. It was not good news. 
A light flashed on to tell her she could begin. She had no idea what she was going to say, but she needed to deal with the subject right now. 
"This is Sarah Gifford and I have a special announcement to make. A lot of you will have noticed recently that a small group of people have been assigned to a special project. No doubt you will have wondered what it was. I am sorry that this has been conducted in such a clandestine way, but it was done on my orders and mine alone. 
"A little over two years ago a small group made up of myself and three others set out to investigate whether there may be somewhere that we could go to be safer than we are here. We all know that life will begin to be untenable in five years and that, despite all the magnificent efforts and scientific brilliance - and I use the term advisedly - brought to bear on the problem, in ten years there will be no life at all on Earth. 
"The conclusion reached was that my original suggestion to the group should be acted on. As a result a small team of engineers were assigned to the project, which was based at a site a hundred miles north of here. In recent months the full complement of people was identified and those people were reassigned and trained. The project has been successfully completed. 
"I have to tell you that in deciding to conduct this project at a distance from here and in secrecy I bore in mind the effect on those not involved of knowing that a group were being given the opportunity of permanent survival. Perhaps I misjudged the community, but I was not prepared to risk any disruption to the smooth running of the community or any disputes and resentments. Only one hundred and eighty people have been given this opportunity and we simply do not have the resources now to repeat it." 
Sarah paused and looked at Marge for reassurance. She nodded and smiled, whilst the radio engineer, who was the only other person Sarah could see, merely looked interested. 
"My purpose in speaking to you is to tell you that, earlier today, those one hundred and eighty people left this planet aboard a deep space vehicle constructed for the purpose. We have no way of contacting them, but if all has gone as planned they are now deep within the outer reaches of the solar system, about to enter interstellar space. They have embarked on a journey predicted to last well over three years, their destination being a planet similar to our own, orbiting a star on the outer edge of the Milky Way. I hope you all join with me in wishing them speed and safety on their journey and security in their new home. Perhaps one day their descendants may return to Earth and treat it with more respect than did their ancestors. Thank you." 
As a result of Sarah's broadcast there were minor disruptive incidents over the next few days, but the impact of the news was generally good. It seemed that people believed, despite Sarah's assertion to the contrary, that if it could be done once it might be done again. Some people even held as fact that a second interstellar vehicle was being constructed. Morale amongst those left behind, instead of lowering dramatically as Sarah had feared, rose quite noticeably throughout the weeks and months following the departure of KonTiki. Even the accelerating spread of the poison and the regular losses of volunteer environmental control teams didn't have the usual dampening effect. 
The only person, it seemed, not cheered by the news was Sarah herself. Apart from Marge Dorowitz, everyone who had been her close friend was aboard KonTiki on merit. Bryn Jenkins, the man she would have married had either of them ever found the time, Christine Murray and of course Nikki Weaver had all gone. They might be dead or they might be hurtling across empty space; there was no way of knowing. All Sarah felt, after two years of concentration on the project, was a huge sense of loss. 


CHAPTER 5 
Days passed, and turned into weeks, then months. Life aboard KonTiki settled into something approaching a routine as the vehicle moved away from Earth and nearer to its destination. Fiona Ormond had long ago confirmed to Nikki that her fears about the livestock on board had proved almost groundless. They were being well looked after and had adapted to their bizarre environment well. The humans aboard suffered nothing worse than mild boredom but rotas were worked out for the tasks that needed to be done. The engineering and navigational functions were in the hands of main and relief teams who proved themselves more than capable of dealing with whatever minor problems cropped up, leaving the rest of the settlers to organise themselves into teams dealing with cleaning, catering, looking after animals and the other sundry jobs that were needed. 
Nikki expressed herself well pleased with the way things had gone, but was constantly worried by the picture she saw through the observation port. To her it never changed at all, but Louise Ryan, the principal navigator, assured her that they were on course and their position was as it should be for the elapsed time. Slowly, with the passing weeks, Nikki spent less time on the Bridge, using her skills instead wherever she may be able to help. All in all, it was a happy team that sped towards its new home. 
Life carried on in an undramatic, predictable way. Boredom became more of a problem as the months passed and eradicating this became Nikki's greatest concern. There were simply not enough jobs to be done on board to keep everyone occupied throughout their waking hours and Nikki was determined not to turn the settlers' thoughts to the post-arrival period until they reached the halfway point at the earliest. Louise managed to find one diversion when she was able to make a positive identification of 'their' star. From that point onwards, fifteen months into their journey, most people were happy to pay regular visits to the Bridge to watch it slowly increase in size. It was hardly the most exciting game, but it served to refocus minds onto the point of their mission. 
There were odd minor disputes for Nikki to settle, but nothing at all of any significance. She had on a number of occasions to take steps to prevent relationships forming, using a great deal of tact and discretion. She didn't enjoy explaining to her contemporaries that one to one relationships could not be allowed to happen, but it was necessary for her to do it. Her displeasure arose in no small part because she realised that she was subject to the same discipline, and could not expect to continue the Earthbound conventions. If their colony was to survive the women were going to have to accept that the relatively few males were to be shared, and the men needed to be under no illusion that they would be expected to maintain a regular rate of pregnancies once the colony was established. It was to be very different to the society they had left behind, but it had been, as Nikki explained whenever she was called on to do so, genetically planned and the old type of society could only be re-established after a few generations. Nikki's explanations seemed to be accepted and the frequency of these occurrences dropped as the mission proceeded through its second half. 
In her position as Mission Commander Nikki was clear enough as to her responsibilities and duties. What she didn't really know was when the mission, as Sarah Gifford had it in mind when she appointed her, ended. That, she decided, was for her to say, since there was no-one she could ask. Giving the matter some thought in her bunk, she made a decision. It gave rise to other problems, however. These then exercised her mind until she finally fell asleep, sleeping her usual untroubled eight hours. 
When she reappeared on the Bridge the relief team was on duty. Much as she respected the talents of Gordon Mitchell, the relief second engineer, and Andrea Toyne, the relief navigator, it was not these two with whom she wanted to discuss her conclusions. Eventually, though, Bryn and Louise took over and Nikki could raise the points she'd been considering. 
"I've been thinking," she said to them both, "about the end of the mission. Once we've landed and established Gifford base, I won't be Mission Commander any longer. We'll need some sort of command hierarchy though. Any thoughts?" 
Louise reacted first, turning as much as she could in her restricted space to look at Nikki. 
"Speaking just for myself, I'd be happy for you to carry on in command. I don't think there would be many dissenters, either, do you, Chief?" 
"No, but the Commander's right to raise the point. You've done a first rate job so far, Commander, and I don't think anyone would be unhappy for you to carry on once we're down." 
"That's very gratifying, thank you. But there are a number of questions that I want everyone to address, including that one. Can you, Bryn, rig me up a hand held computer to run a survey of opinions on a range of questions?" 
"To be honest it would be difficult unless we took a system off line and I don't want to do that. What I can do is to provide a feed into the central computer, program it with your questions and bring individuals to a fixed terminal to input answers. Would that do?" 
"Fine. There are, as I said, a number of questions and I don't want to impose my views." 
"What are the questions, Commander?" Louise seemed intrigued. 
"Well, firstly, what command structure we should use, then who will fill the posts we decide to create. We might need, for instance, someone in overall command, someone running the engineering and construction and someone in overall charge of food production. 
"Then, of course, people age, so do we use promotion on merit or elections to change the hierarchy? 
"There is the question of a calendar. At the moment we use Earth dates, but after we've been established for a couple of years there'll be no-one on Earth. We'll be the only people using it and our planet is certain not to have a 365 day year. We might have to start our own calendar. This leads on to whether we continue with Earth's religious festivals. Will Christmas and Easter and so on mean anything? Would we be better arranging our own festivals if we have any at all? 
"I also considered the nature of our colony. Earth, since the poison started spreading, has really been a communal society not needing a financial system. Should our colony carry on that way, or should it be different? Should people be able to claim land as their own? What, in that event, about those who work in other disciplines, such as medicine or construction? 
"My final question is about emotions. We have always been a society based on the marriage of one man and one woman. How will we ensure the procreation that was genetically planned actually happens, to increase the colony's size, within that framework? Do we accept marriages of one man and three women? The one certainty here is that men can fertilise women faster than women can give birth. Somehow we have to balance that fact with the need for emotional stability and without creating an underclass of baby factories." 
"Well, Commander," said Bryn, with a breathless, slightly staggered tone, "you're raising some vital questions there. I'll see what I can do about constructing a survey. As things stand, we've got less than twelve months to get the answers agreed otherwise we'll be getting out of this vehicle onto a new world with some vital questions unresolved." 
Over the next couple of weeks Bryn refined his survey program until it was both to Nikki's satisfaction and capable of providing answers in statistical form. Once it was done Nikki and the command crew entered their own responses, partly to test the program and partly because they also had a say in how their little community was to develop. Then everyone else on board was told of the questions that needed to be resolved and was given the chance of inputting their opinion whenever they felt ready. It seemed to be the main topic of conversation throughout the next few months and it triggered speculation as to the world they were heading for. Noticeably, it was universally assumed that there was no question that they would be able to land on the planet that predictions suggested would be there and that it would be capable of supporting human life. Nikki and Bryn, the only ones on board who knew that there was no certainty about either matter, were relieved that this was so since they need not worry just yet about the settlers' reactions if either assumption proved wrong. 
It took six months before the last few people finally entered their opinions in the survey. True to her word, Nikki had not reviewed any of the entries before they were all in, but once that point had been reached she had one more thing to do before declaring the survey closed. She made the announcement that everyone on board had entered their response, but said she would defer the review for seven days to give one final chance for minds to be changed. That none were changed indicated to her that her people had given proper, serious consideration to the questions already. 
The review of responses was conducted by Nikki, Bryn and, as a non-crew representative, Christine Murray. The results showed a commitment to the success of Sarah Gifford's original concept, justifying her faith in those chosen to take part in the mission. On the topic of a command structure, the survey said that there should be one person in overall command, with specific areas of responsibility devolved onto sub-commanders. These would include Engineering and Construction, Food Production and, oddly, Defence. The three reviewing the results were unsure as to who they would be defending themselves against, but as the survey results demanded it, a defence post would be created. 
The vote for overall Commander was overwhelming. Nikki was elected by 179 votes to one abstention. Since Nikki had not voted for herself and felt that her opinion might be coloured she knew who had abstained of course. Unsurprisingly, Bryn Jenkins was to be in charge of Engineering and Construction, and the choice of Fiona Ormond to be head of Food Production was totally logical. The choice of Louise Ryan for Defence made perfect sense since the role must encompass cartography. Other sub-commanderships would be created as they became necessary. 
Regular elections to these posts were to be held, to be timed by reference to a new calendar. There was a strong feeling, however, that Earth time and date should be kept as a matter of historical record, should their descendants ever be in a position to return and re-inhabit Earth. Festivals did not excite much enthusiasm, but two were proposed most strongly, commemorating the arrival and a mid-winter festival reminiscent of Christmas. 
Nikki was delighted by the overwhelming agreement to the creation of family units of four people, one of whom would be male. This should give at least a fifty per cent population increase each generation, which was the minimum necessary to give the colony impetus to succeed. Finally, the desire to continue with communal ownership was almost undisputed, only a few expressing no strong opinion. Nobody wanted a fully commercial system based on individual ownership that would involve creation of a financial system. 

So the basics of their new colony were in place as their long journey entered its final phase. Within three months of the agreements being made based on the survey results they would be, provided their luck held, on the surface of the new planet. Nikki still spent a lot of time ensuring that everyone was happy with the systems and, more particularly, the command structure. She felt, if she was honest, slightly embarrassed at her overwhelming support as she believed that her command had not really been tested. The journey, although long and technically highly complex, had gone more or less exactly as the computers had predicted and her job had therefore largely been done for her. Her management of the settlers had not been difficult because they all seemed to have done everything possible to make life easy for her. In fact, she felt a little bit of a fraud. Still, she could surrender command after a year or so on the ground. 
As the time passed and the end of their marathon journey drew nearer thoughts turned to what life might be like on their new planet. It was inevitable that discussion among the settlers turned to the possibility of finding life already existing there; after all, it was reasoned, if the planet is capable of supporting human life, does it not follow that life should have evolved there? Now it became clear to Nikki why defence had appeared in her survey. Weapons had been unnecessary on Earth for a long time and it had not occurred to anyone that they should be accounted for in planning the mission. They were, therefore unarmed and would be defenceless when they landed. Nikki tried to calm any fears, but she had to admit that whilst there was no evidence at all that life, hostile or otherwise, existed, it was just as true to say that there was no evidence to the contrary either. This subject dominated conversation for the final few weeks of the journey and was still the main topic when Bryn started to slow KonTiki for entry into the new star system. 
This was to be, potentially, the most dangerous phase. The solar system they had left, three years before, had its asteroid belts and a vast number of comets orbiting its sun. Bryn took them into the system relatively slowly to avoid disaster at this late stage, and indeed they crossed a belt of asteroids safely. They had been able to steer well clear of the belt because of their greatly reduced speed, but their original course would have taken them far too close for comfort to the edge of the belt. 
After three years, two months and seventeen days, they sighted the planet, hitherto existent only in theory, for the first time. As they approached it began to look more Earth-like, seeming to have continents and oceans. Everyone on board was allowed a look on the approach and the excitement level on board rose and rose. Caution was being exercised on the Bridge, however, as they slowed again to begin the tricky process of putting themselves in high orbit around a planet with unknown gravity. The calculations the computers were asked to do suggested an entry course and a height, which in the event Bryn had to adjust a little manually to gain a stable orbit. At an orbiting speed of just eight miles a second Bryn finally shut down the deep space propulsion units. 

KonTiki was fitted with high-resolution cameras, which were now used to photograph the surface of the planet on their equatorial orbit. The pictures showed vegetation clearly, but no signs of any animal life. Many hundreds of pictures were taken and several days were spent in orbit studying them and rephotographing sites originally covered in cloud to select a landing site. They decided they needed to be near vegetation, as this suggested fertility, and near to what they hoped would be fresh water. 
Nikki and her command team all realised that the decision that they were about to make was the most important of their lives. It outweighed the decision to leave Earth since they would have died there anyway. This had to be right as once KonTiki was down it was down permanently. No fuel would be left to take off again. 
Potential landing sites were examined and eventually a shortlist of three was drawn up. Of these one was well inland, sheltering below what appeared to be mountains. Louise estimated the height of the summits at well over 30,000 feet, giving a navigational problem in landing. The second was coastal but the vegetation seemed to be quite thick, therefore again the last few hundred feet could be very difficult. This left the third site, again coastal with a river and pockets of vegetation. There was a hinterland of thick vegetation on hills rising to the East, opposite the coast with the river to the south of the site. Despite checking and rechecking the photographs this site still seemed the best for a safe landing and for the establishment of a colony. 
That left just one problem. The constitution of the atmosphere was something they could not check from orbit. To do this they had to descend, but once they had made that descent it would be difficult to regain high orbit and escape velocity and still have fuel to try again elsewhere. This problem exercised the minds on the Bridge until Bryn's voice broke the silence. 
"I think," he said slowly, “that what we've seen is enough to be reasonably sure that the air down there is breathable. There are plants, and they wouldn't be there unless there was an Earth-like atmosphere. I say let's go down, and analyse the atmosphere as we go. If I'm wrong we can get back up here and work out what to do then. But I don't think we'll need to." 
"I agree with Bryn, Commander," Louise said, "we've got as good a site as we could ever have hoped for and there is certainly an atmosphere there. We can't stay here for ever anyway, and there's no other way to find out." 
"You're right, Louise. Bryn, when can we go down?" 
"The engines are all ready to go, Commander, just as soon as Louise enters the course." 
"OK. Louise?" 
"Subject to some manual flying which might be necessary in the lower atmosphere we can start to slow for landing in twenty two minutes." 
"Good. Time to tell everyone, I suppose." Nikki switched her microphone on. 
"Can I have your attention please." The interior fell totally silent in anticipation of her words. "We have identified what we believe to be the best landing site available to us. It seems we will have both water and vegetation close by. We will be testing the atmosphere as we descend, but we believe it will be OK. Our descent to the surface will begin in twenty minutes - by then please make sure you are all securely strapped in as it is not possible to say how rough a ride we'll have. Good luck, and I'll see you all on the surface." The mike was flicked off again. Nikki stood up but turned to Bryn before she left the Bridge. 
"You don't need me for ten minutes, do you?" 
"No, Commander, we can cope." Nikki grinned and left to seek out Fiona Ormond. 
She found her and her small team restraining the animals to keep them safe on the descent. Fiona noted her arrival. 
"You could have given me a bit more warning! I might just have to stay down here as we go down, and I still remember the stink that this lot made going up through Earth's atmosphere. If I turn up on our new planet stinking of pigs and cows it's your fault." 
"OK, Fiona, OK, I know it's short notice. Do you need more help?" 
"Only joking, Commander. We'll do it, no problem. You just get us down in one piece." 
"Louise and Bryn are doing that. I feel unnecessary on the Bridge." 
"Let them get on with it. You've held this mission together brilliantly so sit back and enjoy the ride. Now get out of our way or risk having bits of animal flying all over the place." 
Nikki left Fiona to her work and made her way back to the Bridge. She had her back slapped and her hand shaken so many times on the way that she had finally to rush to get into her seat before the descent started. 
"All set, Commander?" Louise asked as Nikki strapped herself in. 
"Yes. How long?" 
"Ninety seconds. Pray that Bryn's engines fire." 
"They'll fire, Commander. Don't listen to her."
They fired, four simultaneous emissions of power creating a vibration and muted roar that all on board had forgotten about. KonTiki slowed and began to descend, bucking and rolling a little as the upper atmosphere caught it. The seconds passed, but suddenly a joyful cry erupted from Bryn Jenkins. 
"No problem! Oxygen, nitrogen, if we'd cleaned up our own air and brought it with us we wouldn't be breathing better! Perfect! Perfect!" 
There was no audible response, but Bryn knew what effect his words would have had. All they had to do now was get safely to their chosen site. The computers worked to their capacity in controlling KonTiki as it flew, slowing all the time. There was a small but noticeable rise in temperature inside, but it didn't become uncomfortable. At one hundred miles up Bryn had to slow the descent manually - too much was happening for the computers to cope with. That crisis passed quickly as the distance to the surface diminished. Nikki could see that they were approaching over an ocean - her thoughts turned to the only time she had seen the sea, when it had looked cold, grey and uninviting on the Danish west coast. This looked blue, much more so than she could have imagined possible, then in the distance she saw land. She was captivated by the sight as they neared their new home, unaware that Bryn was now flying manually on instruments. Now moving only slowly at perhaps a thousand feet or so, Bryn held KonTiki steady as the vehicle eased over the coast. There was the slightest change in engine note and it descended, very, very slowly until a jolt told them that they were down. Bryn cut the engines, the roar subsided and silence fell. The interior was utterly silent, broken by a click as Nikki turned her microphone on. 
"Ladies and gentlemen," she said, "welcome to Gifford Base. We're home." The silence lasted just another second or so, then a huge, sustained round of cheers and applause filled the interior. 
"Commander," Bryn's voice came from its customary position by Nikki's left knee, "I've checked the atmosphere again and it's fine. The outside temperature is in the high twenties Celsius, wind speed is almost non-existent and the surface is solid. As far as I can tell we have no problems. Shall we all go for a walk?" 
"Well, we could see if the exit door still works, perhaps.” Nikki had a wide smile on her face as she climbed out of the command chair and led the way through to the exit. It needed some effort to open, but eventually the heavy door was hauled in and the access ladder fitted into place. Nikki was encouraged to be the first to set foot on the surface, so she climbed down, feeling alien land under her feet for the first time. 

She stood, aware that all the others were anxious to see their new home, but she was suddenly struck by the enormity of the occasion. Mankind had visited Mars, but had never thought it possible to venture outside the solar system. They had done that, travelled countless millions of miles and arrived safely on another world in another system. She was the first human to set foot on a world in another solar system. Her legs felt as if they would not support her, but she concentrated hard and walked away slowly. She turned and saw people streaming out to join her, all laughing and shaking hands, milling around and looking at the surrounding area. The sun, larger than the one they were used to, shone brilliantly, it was warm and the air was clean and pure. Trees grew in the distance, grass grew in abundance and, above the chatter of the settlers, waves could be heard breaking on rocks. Perhaps they had found Utopia. 


CHAPTER 6 
Nikki decided against setting people to work immediately. Tomorrow would be soon enough. For now she was happy enough to stroll round, occasionally suggesting that no-one went too far, taking in the sights. She walked to the river, quite narrow and slow-flowing, and watched it join the sea. The current seemed to sweep the river water away to the south, but not too strongly. The sea, some half a mile distant, had a sandy beach with odd rocky outcrops. Nikki sat on the beach in the sun, gazing out to sea. 
She was dimly aware of someone sitting down next to her as she watched others enjoying the freedom that had been denied to them for so long. 
"Shellfish. Seafood.” Fiona Ormond pulled off her shoes and wiggled her toes in the sand. "We'll have to check that it's safe, of course, but we should be eating fresh food in a day or two." 
"You'll see to it, won't you? Now we're here I seem to feel tired, somehow. I thought I'd be full of enthusiasm for getting everything organised, but I'm not. All I really want to do is to sleep in the sun." 
"I can't really say I blame you, Commander. You've been on duty 24 hours a day for 39 months. No wonder you feel tired now that you can relax for a few hours. I'll give you an example. When was the last time anyone addressed you by name, rather than as Commander?" 
Nikki chuckled quietly. "I suppose it must have been Sarah, before we left, or maybe Bryn. I don't remember. I wonder if they're still alive back on Earth." 
"There's nothing we can do, whether or not they've died yet, except make a success here. I'm going to have Christine look at you, young lady, and make sure you get treated as your position deserves." Fiona got up without waiting for the objections that she knew would come. Nikki couldn't be bothered to move, being quite happy to sit looking out to sea, watching the sun sink slowly towards the horizon. 
She was allowed peace for a little while longer before Christine Murray found her. 
"Everybody is fine except, it seems, you." 
"Honestly, Christine, I'm just tired. I'll be fine tomorrow.” 
"Even a Mission Commander has to listen to her doctor. You'll sleep for as long as you can tonight and tomorrow what you're going to do is delegate. Tell your teams what you expect of them, then let them get on with it. 
"After that you take time off to sit and watch the waves, OK?" 
Nikki listened to what was said and as she walked back with Christine she considered the advice. All I can do, she thought, is to try. 
The following morning everyone assembled, at Nikki's request, to make a start on turning the site into a home. 
She stood and looked at the faces in front of her, full of enthusiasm and no small amount of skill. 
"We have a lot of work to do," she said, "and you will all be grabbed by the three sub-commanders for their teams. It is very much up to those sub-commanders, of course, but as I see it the priorities are, firstly, to get pens built so that our livestock can be accommodated. Bryn's engineering team will liaise with Fiona to see what needs to be done. Secondly, the chemists among you can tell us whether the river water is safe, and set up a source of drinking water. Thirdly, I want to know, since it appears that there may be fish in the sea, if we can eat them and how we catch them. Fourthly, if people with the right skills can be spared, I'd like the immediate area north of the river mapped, say up to two or three miles out. 
"Finally, I know that those in command positions will be given whatever respect they may deserve, so from now on nobody is to be addressed by a title. Bryn, Fiona and Louise will just have to accept that, and if anyone calls me Commander instead of Nikki I'll ignore them. I'm under doctor's orders to take a back seat for now, so I'll just muck in and help whenever Christine's not looking. Let's get to it, and enjoy being pioneers." 
The limited range of tools they had available were put to good use and, together with the prefabricated penning that had been used on board KonTiki, a large amount of fencing was erected during the course of the day. The livestock was allowed out into natural daylight for the first time since they embarked on Earth, and for many animals that had been born in space it was their first experience of daylight. The chemists had also been busy, confirming that the grass, although different to that on Earth, would offer good nutritional value to the livestock. Cows, pigs, sheep and chickens grazed and pecked their way round their pens as construction work continued over the next few days, fields being created to supplement the first pens. 
The water supply was arranged, with solar powered pumps and purifying plants, and the first few shellfish were caught, examined and pronounced safe with one exception that turned out to be mildly poisonous. During the first week on the surface, fish were seen both in the river and the sea, those in the sea ranging in size up to four feet long. Success in catching them was rare, but those that were caught were pronounced safe to eat. Cartographical expeditions by Louise's defence force went further and further from Gifford Base, bringing back samples of fruits and berries for analysis. These expeditions were asked to look out for any animal or bird life, but consistently reported none. Nikki continued to take life at an easy pace but did notice that a few relationships were beginning to form. This time she merely watched carefully, not objecting to them as she had during the journey. This started her wondering how such relationships should be formalised, as the feeling expressed in her survey was that family-type units should be created. She thought that an opportunity to raise this without appearing intrusive would arise before long. For now it could wait. 
It didn't wait long. Nikki was walking on the beach (she told herself it was to see how further analysis of the rock outcrops was proceeding) when the geologist working there stood up at her approach. 
"Hello, Debbie, any problems?" 
"No, but I think this might take a bit longer than I thought." Debbie Carter was young, just 20 when they left Earth, and keen to learn as much as she could about the planet. 
"Well, time is not really a problem. It's better that we get right answers than quick ones." 
"Thanks, Nikki. Can I talk to you about something?" 
"Of course, that's what I'm here for." Nikki settled herself on the sand, rested against a smooth rock. 
"It's a bit awkward, really. You know while we were in space you really discouraged relationships?" 
"I felt I had to at the time, but it's different now. Go on." 
"It's just that, well, you know Nick Harris?" 
"I do, he's a competent chemist, as far as I know." 
"And you know Zoe of course." 
"Zoe Hill?" 
"Yes. We've been talking, and we want to start a family unit, the three of us. We know there really should be another and in a little while there might be. If you approve, I wondered how we went about it. It's not as if we can have a wedding, is it? But we do want to make some sort of commitment to each other." 
"A three way commitment, is that it?" 
"Yes. Can we do it?" 
"I'd be delighted! I mean, really thrilled! It's exactly what I want to see happen, and it's what we had planned two years before we left Earth. I don't really know what form the commitment, for want of a better phrase, should take. Since you three are the first, why don't you work out what it is you want to say in the commitment then I'll look over it. If I think it's OK as a model for everyone to use we'll arrange for some sort of ceremony with a ritual signing, or something like that. It's great, Debbie, really great, and tell Zoe and Nick how pleased I am for you all." Nikki stood up and left Debbie to her work, walking back along the beach feeling that a real community was starting to take shape. 
She returned to Gifford Base to see some excitement around one of Louise's mapping expeditions. They'd camped away from base the previous night and seemed to have returned with something out of the ordinary. Louise was there, trying to calm them and find out what they had discovered. The expedition had been led by Andrea Toyne, with the botanists Claire Jeavons and Tina Smith. 
"Now tell me again," Louise was saying, "you were walking on the edge of the wood and saw what?" 
"It didn't register at first," Andrea said, "but then it dawned on me we hadn't been there before. So it couldn't have been us who had flattened a small area of grass. We looked around but couldn't see any tracks, but once we started looking inside the wood we could see that the odd tree trunk had been marked, fallen twigs had been snapped, things like that. It was definitely an animal, but probably not too big. I'd guess about the size, say, of a small sheep." 
"Did you see any droppings or notice any strange smells?" Louise was obviously intrigued. 
"No, but we weren't looking for them really." 
"I think there was a smell, Andrea," said Tina, "it was only faint and I noticed when I knelt down by that last tree. Sort of sweet. I haven't noticed any smell around the trees before, have you, Claire?" 
"No, none at all except a hint of pine, but I wouldn't call that sweet." 
"So we might have animals here, after all." Louise looked a little concerned. "We should be careful with our own stock if these beasts are nocturnal. They might take a fancy to a chicken dinner. I'll have a chat with Fiona and we'll organise a couple of people to patrol the fences at night from now on. Good work, girls." 
Louise noticed Nikki's presence, and took her to one side. 
"It suggests one or two things to me. This place might not be as safe as we first thought, and if the are animals of that size on land there could be others, perhaps bigger. Should we emphasise care from now on?" 
"I think there's a case for it, yes. Earlier Debbie Carter was working alone on the beach, so we might think about insisting that people double up and keep their eyes open. How about increasing the size of your expeditions?" 
"Yes, I should. I'll send out teams of at least five instead of three and before any more go out it might be sensible to ask Bryn if his people can make us something to defend ourselves with." 
"I think that would be wise. I'll talk to Bryn for you." 
"Thanks, Nikki. How are you feeling now? I've hardly been able to talk to you since we got here." 
"I'm feeling good. A few weeks of doing nothing much seem to have put me right. Unfortunately you, Bryn and Fiona have got everything organised so now there's nothing for me to do." 
"Well, that can be put right. The three teams are busy, but not necessarily always pulling in the same direction. You could chair weekly strategy meetings so that we all help each other. It would be good to include others from the groups as well because we'll need another tier of management before long." 
"OK, Louise, I'll see to it. I mentioned Debbie earlier, and she raised the question of family units. She wants to go in with Zoe Hill and Nick Harris. I hope it works, particularly if they find a fourth. She thinks they will." 
"How do you feel about it?" 
"The idea or being the fourth?" Nikki smiled as she said it. 
"The idea. They're not your type." 
"I'm delighted. It's what was planned back on Earth." 

It was a day or two later when Debbie found Nikki again. 
She had talked to Zoe and Nick, and they had now agreed that the fourth member of their family was to be Tasha Purlovskya, one of Christine Murray's medical assistants. She had a draft document which, once signed, pledged the four of them to the family unit, to live together and raise children. Nikki thought that it served its purpose well. 
"This seems excellent, Debbie. We are starting to hold meetings between the community managers, or whatever the collective title for Fiona, Louise, Bryn and myself may be. I'll put this document to the meeting and see if anyone wants any changes. One of the four of you should perhaps attend. Approval of the people in the family unit isn't necessary - if you four think you can make it work that's good enough. We'll organise Gifford Base's first, first what? wedding? as soon as we can, and we'll put a construction team at your disposal to build a house so you won't have to live aboard with the rest of us. How does that sound?" 
"Great! I'll tell the rest of the family." Debbie rushed off, leaving Nikki with a pleasant, warm feeling inside. It was all going to work, she thought, wild animals or no wild animals. 
Bryn had fashioned some machete-type knives as well as the wood cutting equipment that he'd created, so Louise could now send her teams out again. Despite their rather basic armaments, she initially told them to return to Base each night, but to seek out any signs of life. She ensured that there was a biologist or zoologist with each team now. 

Nikki organised the first of the weekly team leader meetings, as she had chosen to call them. For the first one, Debbie attended as her family was to be discussed, and she listened attentively to the rest of the business that was discussed first. What impressed her more than anything was that the tone of the meeting was very pro-colony - individual wants were suppressed for the general good. Finally Nikki spoke about her family proposition. 
"I am absolutely delighted to announce the creation of our first family unit. We all know Debbie Carter, Zoe Hill, Tasha Purlovskya and Nick Harris. They have put forward a model 'family document' for approval - are there any comments on it?" Bryn and Fiona shook their heads. 
"It's a first class piece of work, just what we need. No amendments," said Louise. 
"OK, it's approved then. I also want to set a precedent here, which unfortunately will fall on your team, Bryn. As our people create family units, we will build a house for each unit so that they can move out of the cramped quarters on KonTiki. Slowly we will build up a proper settlement that way. I know Debbie is here and is directly interested, but any comments you have should nevertheless be forthright." 
"I really think it's about time we started building, and this is as good a spur as any. I'm with you." 
"Thanks, Fiona. Louise?" 
"Fine. You've started me thinking about who I might join up with!" 
"Good. Bryn, you're quiet." 
"Well, Nikki, it might be a day or two early, but I'd been thinking about KonTiki's power plant. With that and solar power, as well as building a house I could, I think, provide a reliable power supply if we can use the deep space engines to generate electricity. We're still working on it, but my people think I'm right in saying it could be done. The first few houses will be away from both the river and the sea, of course." 
"I know what you're thinking, Bryn," Louise said. "You want to see what it's like in the winter here, don't you?" 
"I do. The growth rates of plants suggest we arrived in late spring - not a bad deduction for an old engineer, I thought - and I don't want to put any construction near the sea or river just to see it lost to bad weather." 
"Great," said Nikki, "we're really moving forward here. Do you think your electrical generation will be enough to power a small town?" 
"If we can devise a way of creating enough solar panels it will, yes, and once we can start taking batteries out of KonTiki we can build electrically powered transports. I can give you a reliable range of a hundred miles just as soon as I can get at the batteries, and moving people into houses is the best way to end the reliance on the on-board batteries." 
The meeting eventually broke up, it having been agreed that these would now be held every seven days. Debbie went away happy that her family was going to be housed and Nikki slept that night better than she had in all the weeks they had now spent on the planet. 

The long, hot summer passed quickly as several houses were built and families of four moved into them. The honour of the first pregnancy fell to Tasha Purlovskya, and she was stunned when it was pointed out to her that she was the first human being to conceive a child away from Earth. She was promised the best attention that the doctors in the community could provide. 

The planet's winter, at least in the near-equatorial area where Gifford Base was located, proved to be wet with a few torrential storms, but mild. Bryn expressed himself happy to begin construction of houses nearer to the sea since there seemed to be little danger of weather damage. Wind speeds rarely rose above what on Earth would have been called a stiff breeze, and the mood in the small community was extremely good. Everyone was positive about their new home and its almost idyllic setting. There had been sightings of a small boar-like creature which seemed to be the one responsible for the effects that Andrea Toyne had reported, but it seemed to prefer to stay in woodland and was very timid. The creature appeared to be vegetarian and showed no interest at all in the community's livestock even when their field system was extended close to the edges of the woods. 
Bryn had managed to use a combination of solar panels, which generated power even in the gloomier days of winter, and KonTiki's deep space engines to establish a reliable power supply to light houses and drive tools, both small and large. True to his word, he was then able to remove some of the batteries from KonTiki and use these to power a small fleet of four wheel transports which, just as he had promised, gave a range of about a hundred miles before needing to be recharged. It had been agreed that exploration would be curtailed during the winter months, which were used for testing of the new vehicles. 

A profusion of flowers heralded the arrival of both spring as the temperature rose again and Tasha's baby. There had been reports of other pregnancies and the confirmation that Tasha's had run its full course perfectly normally, producing a healthy little girl, increased the feeling of optimism about the future. At one of the weekly meetings it was agreed that exploratory trips should start again, using Bryn's new transports. These had a carrying capacity of six people and at Bryn's suggestion teams of six were despatched in two transports so that all could return to base should one of the vehicles be damaged. 
The first expeditions of that spring remained within twenty miles or so of Gifford. They confirmed much of what had been learned in the previous summer and autumn and were able to return with a new crop of previously unseen fruits and berries for chemical analysis. Once these had been declared safe plantations were established so that these could be harvested near the base, with the cereal and root crops that had been brought from Earth. 
Gradually the range of the expeditions increased, returning with new information which enabled the cartographers to extend their maps accurately, in turn permitting better planning of expeditions as time went by. It was one of the expeditions sent to the lower slopes of the high hills thirty miles or so to the North that returned with a report that was to change the community for good. 


CHAPTER 7 
That expedition had been under the command of Andrea Toyne, who had with her the botanist Tina Smith, chemist David Harper, engineer Nina Werner, geologist Suzanne Aumonier and specialist cartographer Michael Roberts. Perhaps fortuitously, Michael was a photographer and had brought a small supply of film and his developing kit with him from Earth. As soon as the expedition arrived back at Gifford Andrea sent him to develop his film. While he was away, Andrea despatched Nina to find Nikki while the rest of her small team waited aboard KonTiki. 
Nikki arrived with Nina very quickly. Nina had told her nothing, so Andrea immediately took Nikki aside. Nikki then sent the team out to bring Fiona, Bryn and Louise in from whatever they were doing. Meanwhile, Michael developed his pictures, enlarging them as much as he could with the limited equipment that he had. 
One by one the team leaders arrived, mystified. They realised that something serious had happened by the concerned looks on the faces of Andrea's team, a realisation confirmed by Nikki's expression. 
"When is someone going to tell us what's going on?" Louise asked, perfectly reasonably. 
"Andrea has told me something," Nikki replied, "and luckily Michael has some photographs. As it may be nothing at all to worry about I'd prefer to say nothing more until Michael has finished developing and printing the pictures. He shouldn't be long." 
They waited in silence as the minutes passed. Nikki and Andrea had a brief whispered exchange, not overheard. Finally, Michael returned and handed his pictures to Andrea. She and Nikki looked at them, their expressions conveying deep concern. 
"OK," said Nikki at last, "I think Andrea had better tell us all what her expedition saw. Andrea?" 
"We had been out all the first day with nothing unusual happening. As we approached the mountains on the second day everything was still normal - we hadn't even seen a boar even though we'd been travelling close to the edge of a big forest. When we stopped around midday both Suzanne and Nina said they felt a bit uneasy, but we dismissed it and got on with our work. It was Suzanne who saw it first - she said she'd seen a flash up in the hills, but had just caught it out of the corner of her eye, so she couldn't be sure it was anything real. Then, perhaps five minutes later Tina saw a movement only half a mile away. We all thought it must have been a boar, but she said it was far too big. I sent Michael and Nina off to have a look, and followed myself with Tina a hundred yards or so behind, leaving Suzanne and David with the transports. We'd been walking for quite a few minutes when Michael and Nina suddenly dropped to the ground - they could see around behind the first hill but we couldn't. Michael had his camera out. We caught up with them, moving as quietly as we could, and sat with them." Andrea paused briefly. 
"Across the valley, perhaps four or five hundred yards away, there was a figure climbing the hill, darting from place to place trying not to be seen. It kept looking back as if it was trying to see where we were, but couldn't see us. It looked human. It was certainly running on two legs and seemed to be wearing some sort of metallic outfit, from that distance it was difficult to be sure what it was but it seemed to be very shiny, and looked sort of gold coloured. We watched for as long as we could and when we were sure it had disappeared over the next hill we went straight back to the transports, turned round and returned here as fast as we could. These are Michael's photographs, enlarged as far as possible." Andrea laid out several pictures so that everyone could see them. 
These were studied in detail for several minutes. They showed a human-like figure which looked to be female with long straight blond hair. It was wearing a garment which seemed to be of a gold metallic fabric and boots of the same material, but its knees and thighs appeared bare. Its behaviour had suggested that it was intelligent and its apparel suggested that its race had a manufacturing capacity. Nikki moved away from the pictures and sat down, and the others waited for her to speak. 
"We've heard what Andrea has said and now we've seen the pictures - thanks for your work, Michael - so what are our reactions?" Nikki seemed calm, if concerned. Nobody spoke, so she went on. 
"This looks to me like a human female. It can't be one of us, obviously, so there must be people - aliens - already here. We have a problem, don't we?" 
"Perhaps," Bryn said, "since we've discovered nothing that would allow us to produce clothing like that. But if they, whoever they are, can produce such materials it seems to me they could produce much more. It strikes me as reasonable to assume that they could knock us off this planet if they wanted to, and I feel comforted that they might have chosen not to." 
"That's one view, Bryn," Louise said, "but it could be that they have only now discovered we're here, and we could be overrun today, or tomorrow. It's worrying." 
"Worrying, Louise? It's very, very frightening." 
"I don't think we need to be frightened, Fiona," Bryn said in his calm voice. Look at that face. It, or she, is pretty scared to think it's been spotted - maybe they're more frightened of us than we are of them." 
"You might have a point," Nikki agreed, "particularly if we look at us from their viewpoint. Where did we come from? Who are we? They have to be concerned, don't they?" 
"Maybe, Nikki, maybe," Louise said, sounding worried. “But I don't see what we can do anyway. Perhaps we should try not to appear aggressive as a first step, because if we assume, as we surely must, that there are a great many more of them than there are of us, contact is going to happen sooner or later even if they don't come storming in here armed to the teeth. If it's possible I'd like to try co-existence even if our own history is littered with massacres just because some humans are a bit different to others." 
"OK, I agree," Nikki declared, "but how do we move forwards? Should we try to contact these beings, or wait for them to contact us?" 
"Before we do anything," Bryn reminded them all, "there are our own people to be told. We have children to think of now, too." 
"You're right of course, Bryn. Let's get everyone together as soon as we can and I'll speak to them. I'm not going to enjoy that." Nikki was clearly thinking of how she was going to explain the latest development as the meeting broke up so that the whole community could be gathered together to hear the news. 

She was allowed an hour while the community gathered together. As soon as she was told that they were ready for her she went outside and, standing on KonTiki's access ladder, began to speak. 
“I'm sure that most of you will have realised that something important has occurred, and I want to end any speculation before it starts by giving you the facts as we know them. One of our expeditions returned today with a sighting of what appeared to be a human being. It was not one of us, so we are forced to conclude that somewhere on this planet there are human-like aliens already living here, probably more advanced than we are. We do not think that they have any hostile intentions, but I have to say we could be wrong. From now on, no-one should wander off alone, nor should any off-base assignments be carried out without someone acting as a lookout. If anything remotely unusual is seen it must be reported immediately to me, Bryn, Louise or Fiona. Whilst we should avoid reacting negatively, and certainly we must avoid appearing aggressive, please be aware that this news does represent a potential threat to us. Louise's team will be doing whatever they can to establish who these people are and, as we find out more, we will keep you all informed. We'll also answer any questions you may have as fully as we can, but don't be surprised by lots of 'don't know' answers. Let's not overreact, but just be on your guard at all times. I'd like the Base patrolled at night, and I'm sure Louise would love to have some volunteers, wouldn't you, Louise?" 
"I would, yes. Anyone prepared to patrol at night should let me know please, and I'll organise a rota." And, she thought, a vote of thanks to Nikki for dreaming that up on the spur of the moment. Nikki did apologise later for springing it without warning. 

The next sighting was just over a week later, on Louise's third overnight expedition. Suzanne Aumonier spotted the telltale glint in the hills and quietly told Louise, who looked carefully but could see nothing. The team went on with its work, but with one eye constantly on the rocky hillside. A brief movement caught the light and Louise suddenly waved at the being on the hill. They could now see it clearly, watching them, and as they carried on with their tasks each of the team occasionally looked up. If anyone saw anything, they waved in what they hoped would be interpreted as a friendly greeting. As the day progressed the figure became bolder, apparently being quite happy now to be seen. It made no attempt to approach. 
The next few expeditions also saw a figure, and, after another ten days of being watched, two figures together were seen. In what was seen as a significant development, one of these waved back to the expedition team. This was debated at length when they returned to Gifford, the debate leading to Louise suggesting a plan to make contact. She was sitting with Nikki, Bryn and Fiona on the beach in the sun when she decided to announce what was in her mind. 
"I have an idea, but you might think me crazy, or reckless, or both." She had said this casually, now pausing for any comments. None came. 
"I want to see if we can make contact with these aliens because they are gradually getting bolder, as we know. So what I propose is this. I take a couple of people, ideally Andrea and Suzanne if Bryn doesn't mind, out to the hills where we've been seeing the figures." As she paused briefly Bryn interrupted. 
"You and just two others? Isn't that risky? You don't know how many of these aliens may be lurking." 
"It comes down to trust, Bryn. You were the one saying the positive things, remember. Anyway, they'll watch us, and we'll all wave to each other. We'll make more than the usual show of our meals, laying out three lots of food each time we eat on the first day, and in the morning of the second. Then very conspicuously we'll lay out food for six once they realise there's only three of us. With a few gestures we should be able to demonstrate that the extra is for them. Maybe they'll come, maybe they won't, but our experience suggests that whatever they do in response will be delayed until they've studied us. Andrea and Suzanne have both said they'd be willing to try - I don't think we should have a man with us as these beings are much the same shape as our females but I will only go if you three approve. There you are, that's it." 
"It's a novel idea, but I share Bryn's misgivings about the risks." Fiona certainly looked worried. "You could find that there are dozens of them and that they're violent when they have us outnumbered." 
"Even when there have been six of us they would have us outnumbered. I really believe they won't harm us." 
"OK, Louise," Nikki said, picking her words carefully, "I think, even if you are not attacked, you are going to have problems. How do you explain to them that there are a lot of us back here, we just want to live peacefully and co-exist with them?" 
"I haven't a clue, frankly. But the time has come when we must do something to communicate with people who seem to be our hosts on this planet. Sharing food always used to be a typical way of starting a male/female relationship back on Earth, and I'm just extending that principle. Maybe I can convince them that we're not a threat to them, perhaps even bring them back here to meet you. If anyone can get a dialogue going, it's you, Nikki!" 
"Am I supposed to take that as a compliment?" Nikki was smiling, to Louise's relief, "I'm inclined to agree that we must do something, and it seems pretty clear that a large group of us going out there is not going to achieve anything. I am concerned about the risk but otherwise I can't see much else that we can do. What do you think, Fiona?" 
"I'm a vet in charge of feeding us all, so my input isn't necessarily all that relevant. Having said that, it does seem that there are people already here, possibly living quite close, and contact is something that needs to happen if this community is going to grow. In my opinion, we should establish communication with these beings earlier rather than later. For all we know we could be living in someone's garden and if we have to relocate the sooner we know about it the better. As for the plan that Louise has suggested, I think it's very brave and if the three of them are prepared to put themselves at risk I will support them as I don't think the risk of physical harm is that great. The point that Louise made earlier is taken." 
"OK, that's a positive vote. Bryn?" 
"They'll be well away from here, but the transport is fast enough to outrun anyone on legs. Subject to an undertaking from Louise to get her people out fast if there's a hint of a problem I say she should try her plan. I accept the need for contact and I can't think of anything better." 
"Good. There we are, Louise. Bryn's in favour, as is Fiona. I want to talk to both Andrea and Suzanne but in principle I agree with Bryn and Fiona. The expedition will be limited to two nights away, though, Louise." 
"I'd only planned to be away for two anyway. I'll send the other two over to you, Nikki, then we'll start packing for departure early tomorrow." 
Nikki's conversation with Andrea and Suzanne convinced her that both of them, who had of course seen the aliens as closely as anyone, felt that they were not taking a great risk in going along with Louise's plan. They appreciated that if anything went wrong they could not contact Gifford Base, but they were happy to accept this. Nikki knew that there was no alternative to making an attempt to contact the aliens, and gave her blessing to the trip. 
The little expedition set off early the next morning, loaded with far more food than was necessary for the three of them. Nikki stood alone watching the transport kicking up dust as it drove off into the distance until it finally disappeared completely from sight. She turned and went back to try to immerse herself in the affairs of the community for three days, knowing that it would be impossible. 

The atmosphere on the transport was very different. No-one felt at all nervous, nor, curiously, did they feel particularly excited. They had a range of tasks to perform, to make everything appear as normal as possible, and managed to carry out some basic work when they arrived close to the hills later in the day. It wasn't long before they saw familiar figures looking down on them, waves being exchanged. 
For the midday and evening meals that day they were careful to set out places that were clearly, even from a distance, for three people. They knew their rituals were being observed, and repeated the same scenario when they rose the next morning. After a morning spent testing soil and plant samples the midday meal was prepared with extra places, food being laid out and arms were waved to try to suggest that some of the aliens should join them. It didn't work, but it seemed that this new scenario was discussed at length by the aliens watching them from the rocks. 
The whole procedure was repeated that evening and again it seemed to be the subject of discussion on the hill. Still, however, there was nothing to indicate that the message had been understood. Louise, Andrea and Suzanne retired to bed that night a little disappointed, but more sure than ever that no harm would come to them 
When they rose the next morning they noticed that the aliens were already about, and that there were at least four on the hillside. Again, places were laid for six and much arm-waving and pointing at the meal followed. Suzanne was first to notice two aliens standing much more visibly than ever before, then two more started to approach, slowly, finally stopping only fifty yards or so away from the little camp. Louise exchanged slightly nervous glances with Suzanne and Andrea, but nothing at all was said as they studied the beings just those few yards from them. They were all tall and all had the same long blond hair, but there were discernible facial differences. They all seemed to be female, by human references, wearing the now familiar gold coloured boots and what now seemed to be short dresses. The five studied each other for a few minutes before another alien rose from the hillside and began to walk towards the three humans, passing its colleagues on the way with a brief, undecipherable comment. The third was perhaps a little taller, but was dressed in the same way and appeared to be in charge. As it approached, Louise slowly rose to her feet, followed by Suzanne and Andrea. Louise didn't know how the others felt, but her mouth was dry and she was almost shaking with nerves. The alien stopped in front of Louise, smiled in a friendly way and spoke. As it did so Louise's jaw dropped open in amazement - she turned first to Andrea, then Suzanne - their reaction to the words had been exactly the same. 
"Parlez vous Francais?" the alien had asked, "Do you speak English? Sprechen Sie Deutsche?" 
"We speak English," Louise said automatically, stunned into disbelief by the alien's words. 
"I see you are rather surprised," it said, "and I should explain. Long ago we visited your world and we learned your languages. We have been unable to return for many of your years but we knew you would eventually come here. We maintained our skills in your languages to be ready to greet you." 
"I am amazed,” Louise said, still feeling that this was an unreal experience, "my name is Louise Ryan and this is Andrea Toyne.” 
"Andrea, I am very pleased to meet you.” 
"And Suzanne Aumonier." 
"Suzanne, Francais? Comment allez vous? 
"Bien, merci, but I rarely speak any French now." 
"I am called Plisfou and my friends behind me are called Zeftio and Kanmai. The others still on the hill are called Ussida, Ostiwa and Bavex. We come from a small city on the other side of the hills called Botijjo #2 where I am, in our language, the Roxxakique. The equivalent in your language would be, I think, attack commander but do not be concerned, we bear you no ill-will. Zeftio and the others are my Roxtamol, or attack troops." 
"We also wish you no harm. My position is, officially, defence commander, which really means that I am supposed to draw maps. Andrea is my assistant and Suzanne studies the rocks of your world - she is a geologist." 
"There is much that we need to learn about each other, and much that we have to tell you. My instructions were to observe you, and to contact you when I believed it to be safe. I have now done this and see we pose no threat to each other. Now, Louise, I have to return to Botijjo #2 but in a short time, perhaps four or five days, we will meet again. My Jukkakique, or strategist commander, would, with your permission, like to meet you at your base here on Aupes - it means in our language homeworld - so that we can tell you of the dangers here and plan how we may live together well." 
"I am certain, Plisfou, that my chief, Nikki Weaver, would be delighted to have you join us. We will go back today and make the arrangements." 
"Good. I am now looking forward to meeting you again and to meeting your friends. I hope my friends will become yours and yours mine." Plisfou turned, as if to leave. 
"Before you go, may I ask something?" 
"Of course." 
“We are human females but are you all female as well?” 
"We are females, yes. Unlike you, we do not allow our males outside the city, except to perform supervised work. They are too few, and too valuable, to lose." 
"Thank you. Goodbye, until we meet at what we call Gifford Base." 
"Goodbye, Louise, goodbye, Andrea, au revoir, Suzanne.” 
The alien, Plisfou, turned and walked away, turning back when she reached the others waiting for her and waving. The wave was returned happily by Louise, Andrea and Suzanne, the three of the standing in silence watching the departing aliens until they disappeared from sight. It seemed that nobody wanted to break the silence, or perhaps make any comment just in case it was imagined. 
Louise looked at her two colleagues who seemed overwhelmed by the experience. 
"If we go back and explain what's just happened, will anyone believe us?" Louise asked. 
"I don't think I believe it, and I'm here," Andrea replied, "did they really say, in English, that they'd been to Earth?" 
"And that they'd learned our languages because they expected us to come here?" Suzanne spoke slowly, as if her mind was somewhere a long, long way away. 
"Well, we all heard it. She, Plisfou, said they'd visited Earth and that they expected us to arrive here. Now we've got to convince the others that we really experienced that meeting and that we didn't suffer collective sunstroke or something. Thinking about it isn't going to make it any easier, so shall we pack up and head back? In a few days, they'll turn up at Gifford and everybody will know then that we're right. Oh, hell, I hope they do turn up!" 
None of them were entirely convinced that the remarkable events of the past hour had actually happened, but as they all seemed to remember the same things, they decided that on balance the meeting must have happened, no matter how unlikely it was going to sound. The transport was loaded and they set off to drive back, each rehearsing what they were going to say. 


CHAPTER 8 
Their approach was spotted by those working on the fringes of the little community's land, so by the time that Louise, Andrea and Suzanne arrived Nikki, Bryn and Fiona were undergoing a mixture of feelings - relief at their reappearance, no small amount of anxiety and a voracious craving for their news. They had hardly rolled to a stop before they were surrounded by a small group, everyone talking at once. 
"Hold on!" Louise shouted, "let's get inside. I'll report to Nikki, then tell everyone what happened. We'll have an announcement that nobody will want to miss in a couple of hours." 
She led Suzanne and Andrea into the new administration building that Bryn's team had completed a few weeks previously, the coolness inside contrasting pleasantly with the heat outside. 
"OK," Nikki said, "tell us what happened." Bryn and Fiona sat behind desks, while Nikki stood in a corner. Louise and her team sat together beside Bryn's desk. 
"I really don't know how to start. We have had the most amazing, almost bizarre, experience and if I hadn't been there, well, frankly I doubt if I'd believe it. But all three of us were there and we all agree that what happened actually did happen. I accept that what we are going to tell you will sound incredible, but believe me it's all true." 
"Quite a preamble, Louise," Fiona sounded confused, "so what occurred that was so fantastic that we are going to disbelieve you?" 
"We made contact. Our efforts to attract the aliens seemed eventually to convince them that we offered no threat to them so finally two came down, but only to about fifty yards away. Then a third came, walked past the other two and straight up to us. That was nerve-wracking, wasn't it?" The question was to Andrea and Suzanne, but only Suzanne replied at first. 
"Certainly. We were all trying to look friendly while a tall blond alien, looking exactly like a human female, walked straight towards us, and I had to keep telling myself it wasn't human." 
"So did I," Andrea said, "but it was smiling and appeared friendly, so it was difficult to stay aware that we could have been in some danger." She stopped speaking and looked at Louise, who was, it appeared to the rapt listeners, obviously going to explain what then happened. 
"Well, it walked right up to us, then spoke. You won't believe it, but it - or she as we discovered - spoke English, French and German." Louise stopped and looked at the faces in front of her. 
"There you are, I said you wouldn't believe it." 
"But why? How? Sorry, Louise, I don't think we understand." Nikki spoke slowly, but the other two simply sat with mouths open. 
"She said that they were expecting us," Louise continued, "and that they'd visited Earth a lot. As they thought that eventually we - or rather some group of humans - would turn up here sooner or later they learned our languages and kept up their ability to speak them. No Russian, though - I must find out why. Anyway she said that her leader had told her - her name, she said, is Plisfou - to contact us as soon as she thought it was safe, then organise another meeting. They're coming here in four or five days to tell us more about themselves and the planet." 
"Good grief." Bryn's short comment was followed by a period of silence, eventually broken by a repetition. "Good grief," he said again, "was it wise to ask them to come here? " 
"I don't think we actually had much of a choice. They know we're here, they don't seem at all threatening and don't appear to see us as a threat to them. They must have been watching us since we arrived, but that's just my opinion." 
"OK," Nikki finally said, "it's a pretty difficult story to swallow, but they must have done exactly what they say they've done, because we've certainly never been here before. So now we've got these aliens coming to see us in a few days. I'm prepared to accept what Louise says about their intentions and we'll proceed on the assumption that these are indeed peaceful. We can make a better judgement about them when we've all had a chance to meet them. Unless anyone has any better ideas, what I suggest we do is this. Firstly we tell everyone else what is happening. Then we make Gifford Base look as good as it can, and, being aware that we are the interlopers here, we try to be as hospitable as we can when they arrive. Any comments?" 
"Nothing springs to mind," Bryn said, "except that you seem remarkably calm about it all." 
"I may seem so, Bryn," said Nikki with smile, "but I'm not at all sure I am all that calm. Anyway, what's done is done - they're coming here and we've got to cope with that. It seems pointless to get all hysterical." 
"Am I alone in having a different reaction?" Fiona asked quietly. "Is nobody else feeling excited? I mean, for generations, at least until the war gave us all other things to worry about, people on Earth saw things that were attributed to visitors from other worlds. Now we few survivors of the human race might be the ones to find out the truth!" 
"You mean those stories of alien abductions and surgical experiments that abounded in the twentieth century?" Bryn smiled as he asked the question 
"Don't be sceptical now, Bryn," Nikki said quite seriously, "after all, Fiona could have a point." 
"I suppose it is exciting, in a way," offered a thoughtful Louise, "because Plisfou did say that her people had been to Earth, so perhaps others have as well. The human race could be late starters in space flight." 
"We can speculate endlessly, but we'll know in a few days." Nikki adopted a businesslike tone. "What I suggest we do now is let everybody know what's going on, particularly the families with children. We - and I really mean Louise, Suzanne and Andrea - may have some calming to do if any fears arise over the next few days." 
In fact there was no real fear at all, the general mood being one of excited curiosity to see intelligent alien beings in the flesh. The enthusiasm was harnessed to improve the appearance of Gifford Base, so that by the end of the third day the settlement looked neat, tidy and efficient. The new mothers in the community, together with the pregnant women, were perhaps a little apprehensive, but were assured that their safety was of paramount importance. The apprehension lessened but was still just discernible as the fourth day dawned and the time slipped by with no sign of any approach. Louise spent the day outside Gifford on the route to the mountains, intending to escort the aliens in to Gifford, and had sent Andrea and Suzanne to the beach to watch for any seaborne approach. Since no-one knew whether the aliens would arrive by land, sea or air it was difficult to know where to settle to be first to greet them. Eventually the sun dipped towards the horizon and Louise was forced to conclude that they were not going to arrive that day. As night fell she returned, just a little crestfallen. 
Andrea and Suzanne were experiencing similar feelings, and Andrea had even gone as far as checking again with Suzanne that their meeting with the aliens had actually occurred. She had it confirmed as they walked slowly back from the beach in the gathering dusk. 
At sunrise the next morning Louise was back on the road outside Gifford, watching and waiting. She had been on her lonely vigil for a couple of hours, and the only movement had been the sun climbing into the sky, when she was joined by Nikki. 
"Anything?” 
"Not yet, Nikki, no." 
"Bryn's gone down to the beach with Fiona to join Andrea and Suzanne.” 
"Oh. Good." 
Conversation didn't seem possible, somehow, as they both peered northwards for the slightest sign of movement. 
As midday approached Nikki offered Louise some of the food she'd brought with her. It was declined, but both drank more of the water that they'd been sipping all morning. 
Suddenly Louise shouted, pointing to the horizon. Nikki peered intently but could see nothing. 
"Look, there! I can see dust in the air. It can only be them! They're coming, Nikki! They're coming!" 
"Yes! Now I see it! It must be them!" 
Nikki waited a few moments as the indications of movement gradually came closer. They were still a good way off, so Nikki dashed back to Gifford to have the quartet waiting on the beach brought back, then hurried back to Louise. When she arrived back she could make out in the distance several human-like figures which seemed to be exactly like the descriptions that Louise and the others had given, and were just like Michael's photographs come to life. She felt mounting excitement, mixed with trepidation. It was going to be her job to welcome these beings, but as she thought about what she could possibly say to them her mind was blank. 
Nikki and Louise watched the aliens approach slowly on foot, closer and closer. Louise thought she recognised Plisfou and pointed her out to Nikki as she walked at the head of the group. A hand waved as Plisfou moved a little faster towards them and as she came ever closer Nikki could see that she was smiling widely. Perhaps, Nikki thought, they are as excited about today as we are. 
Nikki was holding on to that thought as Plisfou arrived. 
"Louise!" she said with evident pleasure, "It is nice to see you again. Have you come out just to meet us?" 
Nikki found it strange to hear her own language spoken so clearly by someone who was not only not human, but who was also not of an Earth species. 
"We have. I was anxious to see you again. Plisfou, can I introduce Nikki, who is in charge of our little group. Nikki, this is Plisfou, who I told you about." 
Here goes, thought Nikki. 
"I am delighted to meet you," she said, "and to welcome you to what we call Gifford Base, although I am only too aware that we are interlopers here on your planet." 
"I am pleased as well to meet you, Nikki. Louise spoke highly of you. Please do not think of yourselves as interlopers, intruders, or in any way that suggests you are not welcome here. It is our hope that you and we can benefit greatly from your presence. Now you must meet my Jukkakique, which I think is your equivalent in our city." 
Plisfou led Nikki to the small group which had now arrived. A slightly shorter alien, with shorter blond hair, stepped forward. Nikki smiled at her. 
"Nikki," said Plisfou, "this is the Jukkakique, her name is Masaya. Masaya, this is Nikki, the leader of the Earth people." 
"I welcome you to our homeworld, Aupes in our language, and I hope that, as Plisfou has told you, we may be friends and live together in co-operation and peace." 
"Masaya, I share your hopes and will do whatever I can to make them reality. Please, come with us to our settlement here and meet the rest of our small group." 
They walked, Plisfou, Louise, Masaya and Nikki, accompanied by Plisfou's Roxtamol, in companionable silence until the details of Gifford Base could be clearly seen. Masaya suddenly stopped. 
"I have heard of your progress in the short time since you arrived from Earth, but until I saw for myself I had not known really how much you have achieved. You should feel proud and I hope you will show me what you have done. I hope also you will tell me what these strange creatures are!" 
"Those we brought with us," Nikki replied, "so that we could establish agriculture as soon as we arrived. We also brought seeds to sow crops, which we have done successfully." 
“Good. You must enjoy a most varied diet.” 
"I think we do, and I would be happy if you and your friends would share some of our food with us." 
The small group walked in to Gifford Base, the object of many, many curious eyes. Bryn strode up to greet the newcomers, to find himself the object of some concentrated study by the aliens. There was a somewhat strained silence. 
"Excuse us," said a rather embarrassed Plisfou when she realised what was happening, "but we do not usually see males except at certain times. Clearly we have much to learn about each other!" 
"Well, Bryn here is our chief engineer," Nikki said, "and can tell you anything you want to know about what we have built since we arrived. Louise of course you know, and Fiona is in charge of our animals. I am sure that she will be able to answer any questions that you may have. Can I also introduce Christine, who is in charge of all our medical matters." Nikki turned to her own people. 
"Let me introduce to you Masaya, here, who is the Jukkakique of these people. It means she is in charge. Plisfou is Louise's equivalent and is the one that stunned us by addressing our people in English." 
Masaya stood next to Nikki and held up her hand. Silence descended over the crowd of people. 
"I am pleased to be your guest," she said, "and I am pleased to welcome you to this planet, called in our language Aupes which means homeworld. It is now your home also, and we will try to help you to be happy here. We have some knowledge of your people but we have much more to learn. You know nothing of us, but I will take our welcome here today as an expression of faith in our friendly intents. The first thing you must learn about us is that we want to live peacefully with you. We respect your achievement in reaching Aupes, and we respect what you have all done since you landed here. I hope we can learn from you just as you will surely learn from us. May our friendship grow and both our peoples prosper from it." There was spontaneous applause, which seemed to confuse the Aupesians until Nikki called for quiet. 
"I should explain that the clapping of hands is our way of showing agreement with what you said. I think I can safely speak for all of us when I say we do agree with everything you have said. Now can I suggest that we show you round Gifford Base? Hopefully your people and ours will form friendships on a personal basis." 
Louise took the first step by leading Plisfou off, and then others came up and introduced themselves, taking individual members of the Roxtamol off around the Base. Bryn, Nikki and Masaya were left and at Bryn's suggestion sat around a table in the administration building. Bryn made some coffee, which Masaya had never before tasted - she expressed herself delighted with it. 
"I am sure," Masaya said, "that you know you picked your landing site well. You have room to expand here and there are no difficulties with climate. I must tell you about those who are already here. We are the survivors of a once great civilisation that travelled to many planets, including your own. This is not the time to explain why there are now so few of us, but I will tell you that on this continent, as you would call it, there are just four cities called Botijjo #1, #2, #3 and #4. We live in the nearest, Botijjo #2. On the other continent, Sarrijjo, just three cities remain. 
"These may not be cities as you would know them as each is home to only a few hundred of us. Only a small number of us are males and they are forbidden to leave the cities. We need to preserve them to breed and increase our numbers, and in this you and we have a common objective. 
"If I recall my history of your world correctly, several species of humanoid evolved, but only one species survived. It was different here. We, who you might refer to as Aupesians, became technologically advanced, although now many skills have been lost. There is another species, outwardly similar to us, living here and we call them Paxavorra. They have never developed any technological or manufacturing skills, they are illiterate and their communication is entirely verbal with a limited vocabulary. At the height of our civilisation the Paxavorra were nearly extinct but since our reduction in numbers they have spread alarmingly. You should know that they are male dominated, physically strong and are violent. They live in small groups in the larger forests and will attack us if we venture too close to them. It is rare to survive an attack by the Paxavorra, but they do not seek confrontation." 
Masaya stopped speaking and seemed to relax. Bryn sipped his coffee, contemplating the sudden change in the community's status from being the sole inhabitants of a new world to one of three civilisations. Nikki had a concerned expression. 
"These other people, the Paxavorra - do you think we and our animals are safe? We are quite near to what appears to be a large forest." 
"You are quite safe as long as you do not go into the forest. You have cut down trees at the edge, and this is also safe. The Paxavorra will not come near you unless you go into their territory. To do so you would need to go deep into the forest." 
"Thank you, Masaya, for the warning. I'll make sure we all know that we must stay out of the forests. Can I ask you where your city is?" 
"It is across the hills where we first allowed you to see us." A smile of amusement passed across Masaya's face. "We have been aware of your presence since before you landed and have watched you carefully, making sure that we did not allow our watchers to be seen. When your explorers reached the hills we had to make a decision because you would soon have seen Botijjo #2. I decided to take the risk of contacting you. It was a bigger risk than you perhaps think but it is not the right time to explain why." 
"I won't take that point up now, but we also thought that it was a risk to contact your people. It was Louise that had the idea of offering food - I hope it was interpreted as a friendly gesture?" 
"It was, Nikki. Plisfou decided that the time was right and I am glad that she did." 
The conversation in the administration building went on, Nikki and Bryn explaining the effects of the war on Earth and how the decision had been taken for a small group to leave. Both Nikki and Bryn talked warmly about Sarah Gifford and explained that the Base was named as a memorial to her. They told Masaya that they had believed that their community on Earth had only five or ten years left when they departed - they could not now know that the estimate had been generous and as they spoke Sarah Gifford and all those left behind were dead. Bryn expressed the hope that, one day, their descendants would be able to return to Earth and recolonise the planet, but even he was forced to admit that their resources and technical abilities fell well short of an attempted return, and he could see no realistic chance for several generations. 
Meanwhile, out on the Base the other Aupesians were being shown round and were making friends with the little community of humans on their planet. Spirits were high as the day wore on into evening. Food was cooked, willingly shared and enthusiastically eaten by the guests. Pork, beef and chicken were new experiences for them and they were all hugely impressed by the range of foodstuffs that were being produced. It contrasted dramatically with their own diet, which was based around a type of crop similar to wheat that they cultivated, supplemented occasionally by fish and wild boar, the timid animals that the humans had already seen many times. Offers to teach the Aupesians fishing skills were made and accepted, including a joint project to build a small fleet of wind-powered fishing boats. 
As darkness fell all the guests had been freely accommodated for the night. Bryn had strolled off earlier to see what was happening in the community and was enthusiastically discussing the construction of sailing ships with Ussida, one of Plisfou's Roxtamol, and Gordon Mitchell. Gordon's engineering skills included an interest in boats - he had built a small sailing boat back on Earth before conditions prevented use of the sea. 
The following morning saw life in the community more or less back to normal, except that all the everyday tasks of agriculture and engineering were observed closely by the Aupesians. Nikki and Masaya walked around Gifford watching the normal activities of the day and discovered that any fears either may have had about the two communities working together were apparently groundless. Bryn had his own engineering workshop into which Nikki and Masaya finally walked. Both were surprised to find Bryn's workshop, into which admittance was at best difficult to secure, containing Ussida and Gordon as well as Bryn. 
"It's not like you to let anyone in here, Bryn," Nikki said with a quizzical tone. 
"Well, you see, Ussida here joined Gordon and a few others for dinner last night, and fish was on the menu. She said they had fish sometimes, but they had no reliable way of catching anything other than fish that came close to the shore and could be clubbed. Gordon suggested, apparently, that we could have a project between us and the Aupesians to build a small fishing fleet and teach them to sail and fish. As it seemed like a good idea I thought I'd lend a hand." 
"I see." Nikki was peering over Gordon's shoulder. "I have no objection, but it is Masaya's decision." 
"I am not sure what you mean. Can you explain?" 
"I'll try. We want to build several boats so that we can sail away from the shore and use nets to catch fish to bring back for food.” 
"These boats," said Masaya, looking unsure, "will go out on the sea?" 
"Yes," Bryn replied, "it's safe. Gordon knows about sailing and about fishing." 
"You will build the boats here?" 
"I'd planned to, unless you want to have them built in your city. How far are you from the sea?" 
"Much farther than you. Perhaps Ussida should remain here and assist. That way she will learn from Gordon. Ussida, would you remain to work here?" 
"Yes, Masaya. As you say it will allow me to learn of boats and fishing, then we can begin to vary our diet more. Should I tell Plisfou that I am staying?" 
"Yes, she should be told. I will ask her to come here to see what you are doing, if I can find her!" 
Masaya's laugh was infectious, and was typical of the mood. As she and Nikki continued their tour it was clear that the Aupesians were enjoying their time with the humans. Eventually Fiona was found, very dirty, explaining how and why cows were milked. Her guest, Zeftio, could not contain her laughter as she watched the cow and Fiona's attempts to milk it while giggling. Finally the task was completed and it was only then that Fiona realised her performance had also been watched by Nikki and Masaya, both of whom were laughing at her. 
"Milking," she said, "is a serious business. It is not supposed to be an entertainment for anyone who happens to be passing." 
"Of course, Fiona," Nikki replied, "but I'm sure that it's not supposed to be done lying down! Forgive us laughing, but it was something neither of us had seen before." 
"OK, you're both forgiven. Anyway, it seems we have a lot of produce that our friends don't have. We already produce a small surplus and this will increase in the future. I see no reason why we shouldn't pass our surplus on to them. Over time they will be able to develop their own agriculture, if that's the way they want to go." 
"I am very grateful," Masaya said, "but already Ussida is being taught about boats and fishing. I cannot just take from you. Something must be given in return. Perhaps, Nikki, a small group of you could return to Botijjo #2 with us as we may have skills that will be useful to you." 
"That would be very interesting. I would certainly like to go with you, and perhaps three or four others? It seems a little unfair to Ussida to be left here on her own - should another of your people stay as well?" 
"Zeftio seems to be enjoying herself - will you stay here with Ussida, Zeftio?" 
"Yes, Masaya, I would be happy to stay." 
"Good. Then, Nikki, if you choose three of your people, we can go to our city tomorrow. May we all stay another night with you?" 
Nikki agreed readily and the tour continued, the day reaching its end back in the administration building. By that time Nikki had decided who she wanted to accompany her to Botijjo #2. Louise, she decided, needed to go, and she thought that a representative of both the food production and engineering teams should also go. Nina Werner, the engineer, and Jodie Robbins, their leading geneticist, agreed immediately upon being asked but Louise declared herself too busy, much as she wanted to see the city. Masaya reassured her that she would have many opportunities in the future to visit, so the following morning it was a group of three humans that set off with Masaya, Plisfou and the four returning Roxtamol, leaving Zeftio and Ussida at Gifford. 
As they set out on their journey, Louise and Bryn watched them disappear into the distance. 
"You know, Bryn, that's the first time Nikki's been away from Gifford. She still tries to do too much." 
"She knows herself best, better than we do. She's OK. I reckon she's done a pretty fantastic job holding this lot together, and she's enjoyed every minute of it." 
"Perhaps you're right, but I'm still a little concerned about her. How's your boat?" They had turned now and were walking back into Gifford. 
"The design looks good - very stable. But we've got to build the thing, make sure it's watertight then give it a good trial. I'm opting out of that, and nobody's going to change my mind." Louise laughed at his serious expression, but took his point. 
"I suppose there'll be a lack of volunteers if the designer won't go out in it." 
"I'm not the designer. It's all Gordon's doing. He'll go - you won't be able to stop him." Bryn paused briefly. "Brave man," he said, shaking his head. 

On the road north the group kept up a good pace. Nikki was not used to walking long distances and hoped that regular rest halts were planned. There was another thought going through her head as well. Look at us, she thought. Masaya and her people look neat and tidy in their little gold dresses, and somehow never seem to be sweaty or dirty. Nina and Jodie look distinctly second-rate in clothing that's definitely seen better days, and I dare say I look the same. And the three of us are sweating. Why aren't they? 
Nikki was walking alongside Plisfou, behind Masaya who had Nina on one side and Jodie on the other. Well, Nikki thought, there's one way to find out. 
"Plisfou," she said, "can I ask you something?" 
"Of course, Nikki." 
"It might sound a little bit rude, but I promise it's not meant to. Why do you and your people always look clean, even now, while my people, and, I suppose, me as well, look sweaty and dirty?" 
Plisfou thought for a moment, then smiled her warm, open smile. 
"I think it is because we rarely spend much time walking, and anyway we are more used to our summer heat. Our clothes do look better than yours - I am sorry if that is rude - because they are made of a very different substance. Please, feel." Nikki reached out and touched the material of Plisfou's dress. It felt cool and not quite metallic, yet definitely not plastic. 
"I have no idea what this is, but it would be very cool to wear. What do you wear in cold weather?" 
"The same. It keeps body temperature constant, even if the day is very hot or very cold. We make this substance in each of our cities, and it can be used for clothing or, treated differently, for buildings. We call it zaxtapijj when it is used for clothing and ravtapijj when it is made for building. It is very strong.” 
"But what about your hair and skin? We seem to get dirty very quickly, but you appear to stay much cleaner." 
"You sweat a lot, but we do not sweat at all as you know it. As it is the greasiness that holds the dirt, you get dirty and we do not." 
"I see. I must take this up with our geneticist to see if we can become more like you!" 
"You see, Nikki, we may look similar and we can communicate and become friends. But you and I are different species and there are important differences between us. Your geneticist understands these differences?" 
"I hope she will develop an understanding, yes.” 
"This, I think, will be necessary. I spoke with Masaya briefly yesterday and she said that we must expect some of your males to want to mate with us. We do not want to discourage this, but we want the difficulties that come from the differences between us to be clear. This is something that you will need to discuss with Masaya before any matings occur." 
"It is an important point that hadn't occurred to me, but I suppose we must expect it to happen sooner or later. Perhaps also some of your males may want to mate with our females as well." 
"Our males have much less freedom than yours, as you will see. But in time it will be a possibility that must also be foreseen." 
They were well beyond the point where they could be seen from Gifford, and beyond where the first signs of the Aupesians' arrival had been spotted a few days before. As they walked in a pleasant, friendly silence a machine appeared in the distance, standing on the grass. 
"That," said Masaya, by way of explanation of its presence, “is our jejevejil, or aircraft in your language. It will save us many days' march." 
Nikki looked at it in relief. Her feet were already hurting. 
"Why didn't you simply fly all the way to Gifford?" 
"It was my decision," Masaya said, "and I didn't want to alarm you. So we landed here and walked a little way. Now we fly to Botijjo #2." 
As they walked up to the craft Nikki saw that it was solidly built, but looked quite old. It was comfortably fitted and all were safely and pleasantly accommodated in the spacious interior. Plisfou took her place in the pilot's seat and, with only a slight high-pitched hum the craft rose vertically into the air and turned north, over the mountains. 


CHAPTER 9 
Plisfou flew the aircraft expertly across the mountains at considerable speed, before long announcing that their city, Botijjo #2, could now be seen. She circled the city slowly, allowing everyone to see its layout clearly. Nikki, Nina and Jodie gazed down with consuming interest, the first humans ever to set eyes on a city on another planet. 
The buildings that they saw laid out below them were mostly low, apparently single storey, with just a few taller, multi-storey constructions near the centre. The tall buildings and a small number of the lower ones were of a gold colour, while all the others were uniformly dull silver. Streets between the buildings were in a grid pattern, rather like Nikki's idea of how central New York had been, she thought. There was no immediate sign of life in the streets, but as they descended a little more the occasional movement could be seen, sometimes clearly an Aupesian, sometimes a smaller figure. 
After several circles of the city Plisfou landed the aircraft next to a similar machine and returned to the passenger compartment. 
"Welcome to our home," she said, "and now we must walk a short way." She led the party off the aircraft, Masaya bringing up the rear, and they all walked slowly into the city. Nikki looked about and realised suddenly exactly what the smaller figures she had seen from the air really were. A small robot trundled round a corner ahead of them, crossed the street and entered a building. 
"I wondered what they were! Even flying around I could see they were not like you, but now I know!" 
"We call them bokkaxen, Nikki, but I am not sure of the word in your language. They have a small amount of artificial intelligence and perform most of the menial tasks in the city." 
"We would call them robots and we used them on Earth. I don't understand them, but Bryn and his engineers seem to be able to build them and keep them working." 
"So far they have not needed any repair that is too much for the other bokkaxen that repair the ones that stop working. We rely on them, but now do not have the skills to build more." 
"I can't help wondering, Plisfou, how you came to lose so many of the skills that you once had. It seems to have made life very difficult for you." 
"We are nearly at the home of the Jukkakique and I am sure that Masaya will want to explain more when we have settled." The impression Nikki had was that something significant was not being said. A couple of times while they were at Gifford Base Masaya had said that the time was not then right to explain why certain things had come about, and now Plisfou seemed to be avoiding a question. Perhaps it was an embarrassing admission that needed to be made, or perhaps these apparently delightful people had suffered at the hands of an aggressor. Nikki could not help speculating as they entered the gold-coloured multi-storey building occupied by Masaya, the Jukkakique. 
The room into which Nikki and her colleagues were led by Masaya and Plisfou was large and furnished with soft seats, a floor covering that was soft to walk on but seemed not to be carpet and was lit with soft yellow light. Plisfou's Roxtamol had gone elsewhere. 
As they settled in the comfortable chairs another Aupesian appeared, dressed differently to Plisfou and Masaya. Again a tall female with long blond hair, she wore a skirt of the zaxtapijj fabric in a silver colour and a tunic styled top made of small silver-coloured rings. 
"Ah," said Masaya, "this is Patlu, who is a member of the Vixtamol. I think Plisfou has explained that they are the ones who defend our city, but their duties involve much more than that. The Vixxakique, whose name is Fejoq, will join us soon and Patlu will look after you while you are here. Perhaps, Patlu, you would fetch us some refreshment?" 
"Of course, Masaya," Patlu replied, leaving the room. Masaya turned to Nikki. 
"I know you have questions, but refreshment comes first, I think. Look, here is Fejoq." 
Fejoq proved to be the least tall of the Aupesians that Nikki and her colleagues had yet seen, but she had a sparkle in her eyes that suggested a well-developed sense of humour even by Aupesian standards - the humans had come to realise that the Aupesians liked nothing more than laughing even if their life was both dull and difficult. She wore the same uniform as Patlu and appeared slightly deferential to Masaya, rather more so than Plisfou although both Plisfou and Fejoq seemed to be in equal positions in the Aupesian hierarchy. 
"You must be the humans we have heard about. We in the Vixtamol have not had the chance yet of seeing you but I hear you have done well since you came to Aupes. Do you like our sunny home?" 
"We do, very much," Nikki replied, but was interrupted by Nina. 
"And we have quickly come to like the Aupesians. We are all looking forward to learning more about you and to living with you." 
"I have spoken with Plisfou and it seems your life is more interesting than ours. You have strange creatures, I am told?" 
"We brought some animals from Earth," Jodie replied, "but we couldn't be sure that they would live through the long flight, nor adapt to a different world. But they are now safe and well - before long you will be able to enjoy them too as we are beginning to produce more food than we need." 
"That will be good. I trust that Masaya will forgive me, but our food has little variety. A change would be welcome!" 
As if on cue, Patlu returned carrying a tray with drinks and flat bread-like cakes. She laid the tray on the central table and quietly withdrew. 
"Please," Masaya said, "help yourselves. The drinks are what we call zijjek. It is made from fruits that we harvest and has a rather bitter taste. Too much will affect you in the same way as alcohol that you may have had on Earth. The food is called kekkenz, a sort of wheat cake. It is our main food here. Although it is not as stimulating as your own food, please enjoy." 
Nikki and her colleagues tried the kekkenz, which they found rather bland and tasteless, as well as the zijjek. That was a very different matter and was hugely enjoyed. As they ate and drank they talked of their journey to Fejoq, who seemed to have difficulty in grasping the concept of any journey needing thirty nine months to complete. Masaya excused her colleague by saying that she was young and had never been off the planet, a comment that had Nikki, Nina and Jodie wondering although none would ask the question that they all had in their minds. 
When they had eaten their fill, although their drinks were still topped up regularly, Masaya adopted a more serious expression. 
"It is time, I think," she said, "to explain some things that I decided not to talk about while we were enjoying your hospitality. I hope you will forgive me for that decision. What I have to say will explain how we have come to be so few in number and why we are glad that you have arrived among us. Before I start I must be clear that while we believe there is much that you can do for us we will try to do whatever we can for you. I appreciate the need for a balance - I think that is the right word in your language. 
"I have said that we have visited your world many times. Our history records that on our first observations of your planet there were very few humans and only in certain places had you mastered the art of building. We watched your development, as we had watched civilisations develop on other worlds. As time passed, we came to see that you were different. Humans seemed to us to be aggressive and preferred to develop ways of achieving mastery over others rather than sharing developments for the good of all. Please do not think that we disapproved, as these were our recorded observations only. We started to visit the planet rather than simply observing from space, but our attempts at influencing you were not wholly successful. It was perhaps fortunate that our appearance is so similar to your own as it allowed us to move among you unnoticed whenever we descended to the planet, a privilege not enjoyed by other visitors to your world who needed to exercise great care in their visits to the surface." Masaya rose to replenish her drink, giving a chance for her visitors to react to what she had said. 
"Do you know, by our Earth calendar, when you first visited Earth?" Jodie was intrigued. 
"Perhaps three thousand of your years ago, perhaps a little more. Our last visit to the surface of Earth was in your year vo-ko-ko-ov, or one nine nine six in your language, but we went once more and witnessed the devastation of your conflict. I am one of the few still living who has walked on your world." 
"You have been? But if your last visit was so long ago, how is that possible?" Jodie looked at her colleagues in amazement, but their faces suggested that they were just as confused. 
"You should not make the mistake of judging all by your own limitations," Masaya replied with a smile, "because you live only a short time. We expect to live for at least be-te-el, or three five zero, of our years, which are a little longer than yours. We do not show signs of age in the way that the human does. I have lived now for zu-vo-mi, or four one seven years. Plisfou has lived for na-el-pe, or two zero eight years. Perhaps I surprise you?" 
"Surprise? I'm stunned! I would not have believed it possible." 
"It is possible, Jodie. When I walked on your planet I visited several places. In the country called England a man called Major ruled and in the country called America the ruler - I forget the proper word - was Clinton. It amused me to read that some little figures, imitations of humans that were used to make films, had earned much for their creator, but he left these figures in a taxi - do you know this story?" 
Jodie looked blank, as did Nina. Nikki replied to the question. 
"I recall the names of the leaders that you mention, but not the story. It was a long time ago and the deeds of leaders may be recorded in our history, but the less, shall I say, important happenings have not been as faithfully handed down to us." 
"It does not matter. I trust you accept that I was indeed on your planet?" 
"I think I do, Masaya," Nikki said, "but you must forgive us if the revelation about your lifespan surprises us. I'm sure Jodie will look into the genetic make-up of your people in the time to come." 
"She is welcome to do so. It is another skill we no longer have. We have retained some abilities from that time, which is how we knew you were going to land on Aupes - we can detect any space vehicle within our star system and this is important since there are others who would like to make their home on this planet. These we do not want here as they would be an immense threat to us. Your history may refer to these beings, as they too have investigated your world over a long period of time. While I was on Earth they were occasionally referred to in your newspapers - is that the right term? - and books were written to prove their existence. They were referred to as greys." 
"Yes," said Nina, "I have read about these. Before the war people used to claim to have been abducted by them." 
"Those claims, Nina, are without doubt true. Those beings are small, with large heads and large, blank eyes. They could not move around your world as we could. They wanted only to take from you, but by the time they first arrived you had increased greatly in numbers and had advanced in your technology. They were inhibited in their experiments upon you. We once drove them away from Aupes and have done so while we were on Earth. They are evil beings." 
Masaya paused while the impact of her words left her audience devoid of anything worthwhile to say. 
"I see you are thinking about what I have said. I now have a question. Are you familiar with the book writer Wells?" 
"Do you mean H G Wells?" asked Jodie, wondering what could possibly come next. 
"I think that is right." 
"Yes, Masaya, I have read some of his books." 
"And I have, I think." Nikki looked as confused as Jodie felt, whereas Nina just looked blank. 
"This person wrote of a war between Earth and the planet Mars. It was untrue, what I think you call fiction?" 
"Science fiction, yes," Nikki confirmed, "and he also wrote about travelling in time." 
"I ask you to think about the story told in that book. It is the ending that is important." There was a long pause while both Jodie and Nikki tried to recall the book, last read years before. 
"The Martians all died, didn't they? From Earth diseases." Nikki spoke slowly, realising what Masaya was going to say, and why their civilisation, so advanced at its height, had been almost completely wiped out. 
"You are right, Nikki, and I see you know what I am about to tell you. My friends, we knew nothing of disease. Long, long before we began our travels to other worlds we had eliminated all disease on Aupes. It did not occur to us that an advanced civilisation would devote its efforts to travelling in space while disease was still rampant on the planet and it did not occur to us that by moving among humans we were exposing ourselves to such dreadful risks. Our last visit, which arrived after your war, had already left when we, myself and two others returned home. By then nine had died and eight more were seriously ill. They too died, but the disease we had unwittingly brought back from Earth spread among us quickly, killing us. We did not know how to respond to a threat we could not see, nor could we cure those infected. Some of us survived, but we were finally so few. Our males died more readily than our females and when our people finally stopped dying most of our cities had no people at all. Botijjo #2 was left with two males and one three females. The other three cities on this continent that still had life had as few survivors. The situation was the same on Sarrijjo. Our numbers have increased slowly, but we have lost so much." 
"Masaya, it is not enough but I am truly sorry." Nikki was clearly distraught, but forced herself to be as professional as she could. She dare not look at either Jodie or Nina. "I was careful to make certain that the people that came with us from Earth carried no disease, and we have seen no evidence of any medical problems since we arrived here. We too are few in number, but are planning to increase rapidly. Is there any way we can help you?" 
"I think you have talked to Plisfou about humans and Aupesians mating?" 
"Plisfou did mention the possibility, yes, but we have yet to discuss the implications. There are obvious and real differences between us." 
"We appreciate this. What I ask is this. We will help you with supplies of tapijjux, which will improve your clothing," Masaya's smile was warm and genuine, returned in the same way by Nikki, "and would like your skills in genetics to be applied to the problem we both have. If humans and Aupesians can breed together we can in time integrate our communities and increase our numbers. Would you be prepared to do this?" 
"I think it is a first rate idea, and very necessary. Jodie?" 
"Yes. We can begin a study to see what, if anything can be achieved. The facilities at Gifford are really not up to the job, though." 
"We have the rekkazixij, I am sorry I do not know your word, which is where we have carried out experiments, if you would like to see it?" 
"A laboratory? Certainly." 
"Good. Excuse me and I will find Patlu. She knows what is there." Masaya rose, as gracefully as all the Aupesians that they had yet met, leaving Nikki, Jodie and Nina with Plisfou and Fejoq. Jodie seemed temporarily lost in thought but Nina turned to Nikki, a look of concern on her face. 
"Things are moving a little quickly, don't you think?" she said quietly, "And we're a long way from Gifford." Neither Plisfou nor Fejoq reacted to the comment 
"The distance concerns me a little, yes. But it seems to me that our hosts have been expecting us for many years so perhaps it's natural that they should want to press on with their plans. Remember they watched us for a long time before any contact was made. They are as cautious as we are and I don't think their wish to move ahead quickly is anything to worry about." 
"Indeed not," Fejoq said with feeling, "your presence here, not just on Aupes but in Masaya's home, is the beginning of the fulfilment of a dream." Masaya returned with Patlu before this conversation could go further and resumed her seat. 
"If you are ready, Jodie, Patlu will show you our rekkazixij - what was your word?" 
"Laboratory. Yes, I'm looking forward to seeing it." Jodie stood up and smiled at Patlu, the two of them leaving the room together. 
"I am aware," Masaya said in a serious tone, "that we are asking much and are in a position to offer little. If there is anything that you think we can do for you please ask. We want to help you as much as we can." 
"While you were away Nina commented on the distance between here and our Base. It doesn't take long to cover in an aircraft but, as you said, it would take several days to walk. How many aircraft do you have?" 
"Just one that works," Plisfou replied, "but your skills may be able to repair the other. If you can make it fly again I am sure Masaya will be happy for you to take it." 
Masaya nodded in agreement and the conversation drifted off into the specifics of Aupesian life. Nikki and her colleagues were told of the difficulties in living with a decaying robotised infrastructure, repair and maintenance skills having long since been lost. Gentle probing elicited details of the huge efforts that had gone into attempting to relearn those skills, an exercise made practically impossible by the lack of any manuals. The two remaining humans in the room were amazed to learn that while the Aupesians were literate no paper or similar records existed. All their equipment manuals, educational works and other written documents were stored in computer-like data banks. Once those data banks began malfunctioning the collapse of robotisation was inevitable with consequential effects on every aspect of life in their dramatically reduced communities. It was clear that skills had been brought from Earth that would allow at least some of the systems to be restored, although the first priority needed to be the aircraft to permit easy transport between Botijjo #2 and Gifford. Nikki was offering hope to her audience that swift progress could be made when Jodie returned with Patlu and another Aupesian, introduced as Jikeg. 
"How was it? Better than our facilities?" 
"It would be if anything worked properly. Nikki, you should see what they have here! I'll need an engineer and a doctor, but in a few weeks I think we can get enough equipment functioning to make a start. Power is no problem because the solar generators still work, but there's nothing to go wrong with them." 
"Well, Nina's here, she could work with you, and we could probably spare Pete. Tasha's got her baby and should stay at Gifford, I think, and Christine has management work at Gifford that she won't delegate." And, Nikki added to herself, Bryn will probably spend some time here fixing us up with our own aircraft. 
Nina agreed readily to stay with Jodie for as long as it was necessary. Masaya and Nikki agreed that Plisfou would fly Nikki back to Gifford at some time the next day to fetch Pete and Bryn, so that work could start in earnest on the currently non-functional aircraft and laboratory equipment. 
By the time the Aupesians showed their guests to their rooms that night much had been learned about the way of life in the city. A great deal of effort had gone into the early warning systems that tracked any space vessels entering the Aupes star system. This allowed monitoring of the course of any such vessels and predicted their destination within the seven planet system. Aupes itself need not be the destination as a planet further out, whose name was unpronounceable, was a source of minerals used by a race from yet another star system in a neighbouring part of the galaxy. Ships arrived every couple of years, loaded and returned whence they came without troubling Aupes. 
KonTiki, on the last leg of its long journey from Earth, had been tracked in exactly this way, its destination being questioned on the planet until it was clear that it was going to land on Aupes. There were adequate defence measures and had the Aupesians decided that it was a hostile craft it could have been destroyed whilst it was still several million miles away. The Aupesians had destroyed craft they believed were carrying those beings known previously on Earth as greys because they knew from bitter experience of these creatures that they would simply take whatever they wanted, using whatever means they thought expedient against a planet that was, even at the height of its civilisation, sparsely populated. KonTiki had escaped as it appeared to be larger than a grey ship, its approach was slower and more tentative and, seeming to justify the decision to spare it, spent a long time in orbit before landing. It had been Plisfou's decision, endorsed by Masaya, to permit KonTiki to land. 
Industry in the city was almost non-existent. There had been production plants where aircraft, ground transport and space vehicles had been built, but these had fallen into disuse now. They were huge, dusty, single storey buildings full of silent machinery, attended by robots that no longer functioned. All the machinery and robots were solar powered, but the robotised power transmission systems had long ago broken down except for the occasional robot that still functioned, forever recharging batteries that did not have any work to perform. The only plant still operating was that producing the raw tapijjux, but even this now made only limited amounts of zaxtapijj, or clothing material. The need for any additional building material had ceased when Masaya and her last Earth expedition had returned to Aupes carrying the fatal viruses. As a gesture of good faith outfits similar to those worn by Plisfou's Roxtamol were produced for the three Earth women, together with a variety of others to be taken back to Gifford. When they tried their new clothes Nikki, Jodie and Nina were delighted with them as they had really worn out their own clothes brought from Earth and had not yet been able to produce any cloth to make anything new. Apart from their hair colour, they looked totally at home in the Aupesian city. 
Early the following day, having breakfasted on the kekkenz and a herbal beverage not unlike tea, called akkuzu, Jodie and Nina disappeared into the Aupesian laboratory with Patlu and Jikeg. Both had chosen to wear their Aupesian Roxtamol outfits. Plisfou and Nikki set off back to Gifford to set the necessary wheels in motion by bringing Pete Webster back to liaise with Jodie on her genetics project and convincing Bryn to leave whatever he was doing to come and fix the second aircraft. 


CHAPTER 10 
It was a pleasant flight back to Gifford, and at Nikki's suggestion Plisfou flew the aircraft all the way, not stopping at a distance as she had done previously. The sight of an approaching aircraft caused some consternation, inevitably, but Ussida and Zeftio, the two Aupesians who had remained at Gifford, were able to reassure their friends that this was not a mysterious threat, being simply Plisfou returning from Botijjo #2. 
What did cause comment, and favourable comment at that, was Nikki appearing back at Gifford dressed as an Aupesian Roxtamol. The news that a whole batch of similar clothing was on board the aircraft was greeted with great enthusiasm by the women, although the male reaction was rather more muted. When the inevitable question was asked, Plisfou said she was sure that garments more suited to the male form could be produced. She said this in a way that suggested that the manufacture of clothes for men was something that had never previously been considered, a tone that had several people privately wondering if there were indeed any male Aupesians and, if there were, what exactly it was that they wore. 
As her first job Nikki sought out Christine and asked her to come to the administration building as soon as she could. Christine agreed, saying she would need a few minutes to complete what she was then doing. By the time she arrived Nikki and Plisfou were settled in Nikki's little office drinking coffee. She poured herself a cup and sat down. 
"Good trip?" she asked, and Nikki smiled widely. 
"Good, yes, but fantastic, amazing and stunning are a few of the words that I might also use. Plisfou, would you mind telling Christine your age?" 
"Of course. I have now lived for two zero eight of our years, a little more in your Earth years. I expect to live perhaps another one five zero years." 
Christine's jaw dropped open, just as had happened back at Botijjo #2. 
"No. I don't believe it. I don't see that it's possible, here or anywhere else." 
"Well, Masaya was able to tell us about Earth before the war - she was there. I'm convinced." 
"OK, Nikki, shelve my scepticism for the moment. Tell me how you got the cute little outfits!
Nikki and Plisfou between them told Christine about the trip to Botijjo #2, including the equipment that Jodie and Nina were studying, the need for a doctor to complete the team, the other aircraft which would be theirs if Bryn could fix it and about the sickness brought back from Earth which devastated the Aupesian population. Christine was at pains to point out that the only health problems they'd had since leaving Earth were accidents, bumps, scratches and latterly pregnancies. No other illnesses had been reported. 
Christine had avoided responding to the comment about a doctor being required to complete Jodie's team, so with only a mild prompting from Plisfou Nikki decided to ask Christine outright. 
"Look," she said, "can I send Pete Webster back to Botijjo #2? I know you're busy here but Pete can't have much to do, can he?" 
"He's not busy with his medical work, no. He might not be too willing to go as he seems to be spending a lot of time with one of your girls, Plisfou. He and Zeftio are getting quite close, it seems to me." 
"I am not happy about this," Plisfou said in a grave tone, "because of the differences between us. When these have been resolved by your people at Botijjo #2 I will be happy to encourage such closeness but for now it is worrying." 
"Yes, Plisfou, your point is taken. Have you spoken to either of them, Christine?" 
"Not yet. Do you think I should?" 
"Well, if we want Pete to go back to Botijjo #2 we'll have to ask him if he actually wants to go, won't we? Shall we tackle this now?" 
"OK, give me a few minutes and I'll fetch him." Christine rose and left the room. Nikki exhaled deeply. 
"It had to happen, I suppose. By Earth standards the Aupesians - all the ones I've seen - are attractive women. I just hope it's not gone too far, but it's only been a couple of days, after all." 
"I share your hope, Nikki. My experience of your people tells me that you are all intelligent and would do nothing reckless. By acting now I am certain we will have prevented any difficulty." 
"I hope you're right. Good, Christine's back." 
"He's just coming. Zeftio is with him." 
Within a minute or so Pete entered the room with Zeftio, and both accepted the seats offered. Nikki looked quickly at Plisfou, who began speaking. 
"Pete, I do not think we have previously met. I am Plisfou, the Roxxakique, and Zeftio is one of my Roxtamol. She answers to me as you answer to your superiors." Pete nodded in understanding. "In my city two of your colleagues are setting to work to repair machinery which will allow them to study the genetic differences between you and us. When that study is complete we hope it will be possible to integrate our two communities, for children to be born, perhaps, with one human parent and one Aupesian. A doctor is needed to complete the team and we would like you to be that doctor." Pete looked at Zeftio and smiled gently. 
"There are two points here, aren't there? Firstly I would be thrilled at the chance of joining the study team. Secondly, you are telling Zeftio and me to be careful, I think. We will not do anything untoward because we do understand that we are different species. When the study is finished I would like to include Zeftio in a family here, if that would then be possible." 
"On the question of family," Nikki said slowly and deliberately, "let's leave it for the time being. If I have your word that no sexual relations will take place I am happy to let your friendship with Zeftio proceed, subject of course to what Plisfou may say. Plisfou?" 
"Provided that there is to be no mating I too am happy. There must be no such mating between species until the study tells us if it can be done. Is this clear, Zeftio?" 
"Yes, Plisfou, it is clear. If Pete is to be working at Botijjo #2, may I return there with him?" 
"If that is your wish, yes. I am sure one of the other Roxtamol will be happy to come here to help Ussida." 
"OK," Nikki said with a faint but noticeable hint of relief in her voice, "We'd like to get back to the city today if we can so you two should get ready to leave. Can you do something for me, Pete?” 
"Sure, Nikki, name it." 
"Can you find Bryn and ask him if he can come in here, please?" 
Pete Webster nodded and left, Zeftio following him proudly. When Nikki looked, there was a strange expression on Plisfou's face. 
"Something bothering you?" Nikki asked. 
"Perhaps, yes. Zeftio knows nothing of human life but is aware of our problems here on Aupes. How we have planned to tackle the problem of increasing our population is, I think, as different to your way as our genetic differences. It is something we need to discuss with Masaya as she understands your ways and has seen your great civilisations." 
"We have always preferred to raise children in a family situation, with a mother and a father living together with their children until the children become independent. It has not always worked, but overall it has been a reasonable arrangement. Of course, our history shows examples of tyrannical leaders trying to breed selectively, but this has never been successful. We are trying to continue family life here, but are adapting it to the particular circumstances we face. I was responsible for deciding who came to Aupes and deliberately chose few men since I thought that we would then be able to keep up a high birth rate. Of course, I hadn't anticipated finding people already here. I'm glad we did, though." 
"We are pleased that you came. Our means of increasing our population is rather different, but this is something that I must leave to Masaya to explain. Forgive me, Nikki, for not speaking about it more." 
"I think I understand. I am happy to wait until Masaya can explain, but I do appreciate that there will be many cultural as well as biological differences between us and we must learn to respect those differences." 
Plisfou nodded in agreement just as Bryn walked in, looking his usual cheerful self. 
"Hello," he said, "it's all right for those who only have to talk all day! I like the new gear - it suits you." Nikki smiled at Bryn's compliment. 
"Are you that busy then, Bryn?" 
"If I was being honest, no. Gordon and Ussida are getting on with the boat now that the design is settled. I can't help much because Gordon knows more than me about boats and I don't want him to realise it. Ussida is a fast learner - tell her something once and it's enough. She doesn't forget anything." 
“You will find many of us that are like that, Bryn. We can absorb knowledge easily." 
"It's a useful ability. What did you ladies want to see me about?" 
"Just a simple question, really." Nikki kept her face straight. "Can you repair an aircraft?" 
"Depends what's wrong with it." Bryn replied quickly and with mock seriousness. 
“It doesn't work, that's what's wrong." 
“OK, Nikki, it's my fault for expecting a technical answer from an administrator. Where is it? It's not, I take it, the one you flew here in?" 
"No, Bryn. That flies perfectly, at least in Plisfou's hands. There's another, just the same, at Botijjo #2 and it will be put at our disposal if we can get it back in the air." 
"Right. I can take a look and if I've got the working one to use as a reference it can't be too difficult, can it? The maintenance manuals will all be in Aupesian, but I can write my own as I go." 
"Well, actually, the maintenance manuals appear no longer to exist. They, along with everything else that we might expect to see in paper form were kept on computer and the computers don't work any more, nor do the repair robots, nor the robots that repair the repair robots. The civilisation was decimated by disease two hundred years ago, disease that was brought back here from Earth." 
"I see." The implications of that final remark didn’t seem to register. "We'll have a go at the aircraft, and we can have a look at the rest as well. We've got some good engineers." 
"We've left Nina and Jodie back at Botijjo #2 where they'll form a team with Pete Webster to get enough laboratory equipment working to undertake a study of the genetic differences between the Aupesians and us. If you want to take another engineer to work with you I've no objection, then we should see some real progress." 
"I'll ask Alison Scrivener to come with me. She's good with flying things. When do we leave?" 
"As we've got Plisfou's aircraft and her as an excellent pilot you can go as soon as you're ready and have rounded up Pete and Alison. Zeftio's going back but I think I'll stay here and catch up on things." 
"If you don't mind, Nikki, I think Masaya was hoping to speak with you. Could you come back with us, if only for a short time? I will return here later to bring Zeftio's replacement and you can return then." 
"OK, that's what I'll do. Plisfou and I will wait for you to gather up the others, Bryn, then we'll leave. Tell Pete he might be away for weeks." 
Bryn left the administration building and before long everyone was ready to depart. Nikki allowed Bryn and Alison to study the flight deck as Plisfou piloted the aircraft at speed. In a very short time they landed next to their plane's disabled twin. Bryn and Alison immediately set to work to try to discover what was wrong with the second aircraft, leaving the others to go into the city. 
Zeftio took Pete off to find Nina and Jodie, Pete being a little mystified as to why he should be the object of so much curious interest among the Aupesians who saw him. With Nikki's exhortation to provide regular progress reports still ringing in his ears he disappeared into the laboratory. 
Nikki herself was back in Masaya's building with Plisfou. Fejoq joined them and organised refreshment before Masaya arrived, apologising for making Nikki wait. It was Plisfou who turned the casual conversation in the direction that Nikki felt sure it had to go. 
"I think you should know, Masaya," she said, "that Zeftio has returned because the doctor now working here with Nina and Jodie has come here. His name is Pete and there is a bond between him and Zeftio." 
"That is encouraging, but, I think, a little premature. You have explained that there are problems?" 
"Yes, Masaya. I have spoken to them, and Nikki has spoken to Pete. They understand." 
"Perhaps it is a good thing," Nikki said brightly, "because we all need the genetic study to be a success and Pete now has a personal incentive for it to be successful." Masaya nodded slowly as she considered this thought. 
"I hope this is true," she said finally, "and that work will proceed swiftly." It seemed to Nikki that there was something that Masaya had considered saying, but had decided against it. There was a brief and slightly uncomfortable silence, broken by Fejoq. 
“I see you have people working on the other jejevejil. Do you think they will succeed in the repair?" 
"Bryn, my engineer, is confident and he usually manages to do whatever he sets out to do. Yes, Fejoq, I think they'll succeed." 
"Forgive me for raising the question again, but I think we must explain more of our way of life to you. Nikki, there is something that you would understand better if you could see it. I am sure Plisfou and Fejoq have tasks to perform while you and I visit the Omiakique, whose name is Masyayi." 
"The Omiakique?" Nikki queried. "I don't think I know that term." 
"It will become clear. Come, Nikki. Please do not be shocked by what I have to show you." 
Masaya stood up, followed by Nikki. For the first time since she had met the Aupesians she felt a little apprehensive. She'd always felt herself to be Plisfou's equal, even if the slightly deferential way she was treated by both Plisfou and Fejoq suggested that they believed her to be further up the human hierarchy that there were in their own. She found herself in awe of Masaya, partly because this woman had visited Earth when it was still a useable planet and partly because she presided with dignity over a civilisation that was crumbling because of those Earth visits. Her age was another factor, of course, but it was the way she had used her years that affected Nikki more than just the fact of her age. Her counselling against being shocked rang the tiniest of alarm bells. Nikki was alone in the Aupesian city, since she didn't know where any of her colleagues were, and the thought passed fleetingly through her mind that perhaps these people may not be as benign as they appeared. They walked in silence for a few moments before Masaya began to speak. 
"As I said to you, I have visited your planet and lived briefly among humans there. I discovered that you organise yourselves into different groups, depending upon the function that the group is to carry out. You had political groups who controlled the countries into which your planet was divided, and economic groups where your people worked. Your population was increased by yet more group divisions, which I believe you called families. It seemed to me strange that one person could be part of several groups. She might be part of a family, yet work for another group entirely and be part of other, political or social groups. She would meet others in all the different groups where only the interests of the group were shared by those making up the group. I tried to understand this complex system, but I failed. You may be able to explain to me how it functioned." 
"I could try, but you actually experienced the system. It all disappeared long before I was born." 
"What I have to explain to you now is how we organise ourselves, and although there are now so few of us the organisation remains just as it always has. We have needed to change certain things because the disease took so many of our males, but we still function as we have always functioned. You understand, I think, the tasks of the Vixtamol and Roxtamol?" 
"I think I do, yes." 
"There is a third group. We call them the Silomiala, in the charge of the Omiakique. There is no human equivalent, but the nearest would I think be breeding stock. These, and here we have three seven, have no tasks in the running of the city but are dedicated solely to breeding. Neither the Vixtamol nor Roxtamol can breed and that is why the situation with Zeftio concerns me a little. She should not be exposed to the possibility of mating as only the Silomiala mate. Until you arrived, only myself, Plisfou and Fejoq ever saw males, except of course for the Silomiala, but this is changing now with your presence and your very different ways. I do not criticise, for perhaps we must adapt our ways to be more like yours if we are to survive." They walked in silence as Nikki rolled the concept that Masaya had outlined to her around in her head. 
"You are quiet, Nikki. I hope I have not upset you?" 
"No, I was just thinking. We are very different, but sometimes the physical similarities between us make it hard to remember that we are so different. We have always believed in families, usually of one male and one female raising children. Since we arrived here that has changed a little and we have families here on Aupes of one male and three females, all committed to each other to live together and raise children. They still have their commitment to the whole community, of course, but that is outside the family group." 
"Our way is totally different. Each individual has a role which dictates the way her life is led and that role is carried out for the good of the city. We have no small groups within the city." 
"We will learn from each other, Masaya, as we come to understand each other. It is a human failing to pass judgement on others, and I must work to ensure that Aupesian customs are not condemned merely for being different to our own." 
"I think we must work together. We are just as capable of condemning." 
They walked on in silence. Nikki could not, of course, know what Masaya may have been thinking, but she reflected on what she had said. She knew that her people were open-minded and perfectly willing to accept new ideas - their embracing of the new-style family concept was adequate evidence - but here was an ancient culture radically different to their own. It was not lost on Nikki that Masaya and others had travelled to Earth and lived, albeit briefly, among humans and therefore in human society. There was no evidence to show that whatever they may have learned from these experiences had been absorbed into Aupesian society, or indeed had affected their way of life at all. Perhaps her rather trite comment about non-condemnation of Aupesian customs might prove to be a good deal more difficult to put into practice than she had at first thought, despite the good relations that had been established between the Aupesians as the indigenous people and her own little group as the newcomers. Her reasoning, if the thought processes that had raced through her mind could be so glorified, was that a society apparently so unwilling to integrate even the best of human society might be insistent that an integrated society here should be solely on their terms with no acknowledgement of human customs. On the other hand, of course, she could be completely wrong and the Aupesians may turn out to be more than happy to adopt human society, perhaps attracted by its comparatively liberal approach to life. Nikki suddenly realised that Masaya was speaking, but she had missed the first words. 
"...where the Silomiala live with our few males." They stopped outside a large single storey silver building with no windows, at least on the side they had approached. Masaya performed a brief but complex-looking ritual with a series of levers by the side of the door, the door swinging silently open as a result. 
"Come, Nikki, Masyayi will meet us." 
The building seemed to be silent and well furnished, at least in the entrance hall where they stood. The floor was covered in the same material as Nikki had seen in Masaya's building, but there was more furniture here. A door in a side wall slid open with a muted hiss and through the door passed a tall Aupesian female, again blond but appearing to be older than any Nikki had yet seen. She wore a troubled expression. 
"Ah, Masyayi," Masaya said, "I have brought Nikki here from the human settlement to meet you so that she can understand how we breed. She can also explain how her people increase their own population. Nikki, I must leave you with Masyayi. It will take a little time to see the work here. When you are ready to return Masyayi will call for one of the Vixtamol to bring you back to my gaggoxol - the place where I work and live." 
"I think we would call it your office, like mine back at Gifford." 
"Thank you, yes, my office. Enjoy your visit here. I am sure Masyayi will answer all your questions." 
Masaya withdrew, leaving Nikki with the still harassed looking Masyayi. Nikki smiled at her in what she hoped would be a friendly way. 
"I hope I'm not adding to your work by being here." 
"Masaya thinks we do little here. There is much work to maintain the Silomiala in good condition and our jarilen can be difficult." 
"Your jarilen are your males?" 
"Yes, Nikki. They do not co-operate. I need them to keep the Silomiala fertilised but they will not do it. I do not know the human word, but they prefer to do nothing or work outside." 
"Your females all seem to work hard and carry out the duties efficiently. Why should the males be different?" 
"It is because there are so few. They know how important they are. It makes difficulty." 
Nikki really didn't know what she could say. She almost started talking about artificial insemination, but realised just in time that this might be what these people were using, and anyway she didn't know enough about the subject. Instead she asked a question. 
"How do you work here? Your job is to increase the population, isn't it?" 
"Yes. I do not know how you do this but our system is simple. Number one seven and number two one are to be mated today and it has still not been done. Jaril four is being difficult. Come and I will show you." 
Masyayi strode off purposefully through the door by which she had entered, Nikki hurrying to keep up. They walked quickly down a silent corridor, well lit although it was impossible to see where the light was coming from. It reflected brightly off the little rings that made up the top of Masyayi's silver outfit and from the gold colour of Nikki's zaxtapijj dress, but its source was a mystery that Nikki was determined to resolve. They passed several plain doors before Masyayi stopped. 
"Here is number one seven and jaril number four should be here. We will see." The door opened with the familiar faint hiss, revealing a scene that left Nikki open-mouthed. Her initial reaction was to leave, quickly, but Masyayi seemed to accept her presence as normal so Nikki overcame her feelings and stayed rooted to the spot as the door hissed closed behind her. Her eyes roamed over the small cell, she couldn't call it a room, and its two occupants. The female, one seven seemed to be her only means of identification, was kneeling on a carefully designed piece of equipment, her legs well apart and her stomach supported by a raised centre piece. Her hands gripped upright bars in front of her horizontal body and there was a gap at the rear where, Nikki assumed, the jaril could stand between her legs. As she took in this undignified position that the strange equipment forced the woman to adopt two things became clear. Firstly she was naked except for a metallic collar and secondly she was strapped at the ankles and wrists. 
Nikki's attention turned to the jaril, the male, who was also naked. Nikki had limited experience of the anatomy of the human male, but thought that this would be a poor specimen. He was thin, lacking any sort of muscle tone, and what Nikki thought of as his reproductive organ was tiny and limp. Masyayi was talking to him quietly but urgently, the words meaning nothing to Nikki. He sulked in a corner, looking thoroughly miserable. The woman in the undignified and uncomfortable position on the bench or whatever the right term may have been shuffled a little, as much as she was able, and said something which was again unintelligible to Nikki. Whatever she said was cut short by a sharp comment from Masyayi, who immediately returned to coaxing the reluctant male. Nikki was feeling embarrassed but it seemed to her to be quite possible that Masyayi had actually forgotten she was there. Certainly, the other two had done nothing to acknowledge her presence so she just stood, wondering if this was a typical day in the life of the Silomiala. 
Eventually, after a great deal of coaxing and cajoling from Masyayi and no small amount of protesting, the male shuffled into his position behind the female. Nikki watched in horrified fascination as his buttocks clenched with each forward thrust between the female's legs. The female did not react in any way until it was over, the process taking just a couple of minutes. The male was praised by Masyayi and even managed a smile, while Masyayi flicked a switch to release the female. She stretched her naked body and stood by the door, waiting to be released. Finally Masyayi opened the door allowing the naked couple to depart. 
"That jaril is not the best. It always takes much time to make him work." Masyayi's voice sounded full of weariness. 
"Tell me," Nikki asked, "is this the only way you bring males and females together to mate?" 
"Yes. I know of no other way." The weariness had been replaced by surprise. "No jaril - male - would be able to ensure that he mates if the female was not secured to the kamiaxxiz - I think it would be breeding table in your language. It is always done this way. Before so many were lost the jarilen were more willing and much more able. Now I must work hard to make them work at all and few matings are successful. I try to have each jaril mate once a day but that is not enough. I have only five jarilen and three seven Silomiala. Only three omia are carrying young. I cannot do more." 
"The omia - these are the female members of the Silomiala?" 
"Yes." 
"And three are pregnant. We are pregnant for nine Earth months. How long do your pregnancies last?" 
"A little longer. It is about nine tenths of our year. We have bred some young, but only slowly. It seems we cannot breed males and that is disturbing. All of our jarilen are now over two zero zero years. Soon we will have none capable of breeding." 
"Do you know if the situation is the same in your other cities?" 
"It is just the same." 
"Perhaps our doctors could examine your males. They may be able to help." 
"You must talk to Masaya. If she believes your people could help then I accept it. I have faith in her judgement. You will want to go back now?" 
"Yes, I think so. There is a great deal I need to discuss with Masaya." 
Masyayi called for one of the Vixtamol who appeared quickly and took Nikki back to Masaya's office. She found Jodie in earnest discussion with Masaya. 
"Nikki!" Masaya seemed genuinely pleased to see her. "Jodie tells me she will have much of our equipment working soon. You are a resourceful and skilled people." 
"Thank you, Masaya, I appreciate the compliment. How's it going, Jodie?" 
"Great. Nina reckons most of the problems are in power supply and will be easy to fix. Judging by what she's done already she seems to be right. Pete and I are working out a profiling system and if all the equipment does what we think it does, the exercise won't be nearly as daunting as it appeared." 
"OK. Look, I want to get back to Gifford, but I do want to sit down and have a long talk with you, Masaya. Would you be my guest at Gifford, say in a day or two? I hope by then Bryn will have fixed the second aircraft." 
"Yes, Nikki. I will come. I think I know what you want to say, but I will come and hear you. Plisfou is ready to take you back and has Bavex with her. She will help Ussida at Gifford." 
"Good. Now, if I can find Plisfou we can leave and I can see how Bryn is coping on the way." 
As if by some unseen signal, Plisfou appeared and greeted Nikki affectionately. Nikki left with her, telling Masaya how much she was looking forward to their next meeting. She and Plisfou walked quickly out of the city to where the two aircraft sat on the dusty short grass. The fully functional machine was in darkness in the gathering dusk, while the other, on which Bryn and Alison were working, was lit inside. 
As the approached they could hear voices coming from the interior of the aircraft, and Nikki was surprised to hear Alison apparently explaining to Bryn how something had been achieved. She climbed into the passenger compartment to find two obviously happy people. 
"Oh, hello," Alison said brightly, "your timing is excellent, isn't it, Bryn?" 
"It is. We've cracked it. We had three problems, but sorting out the seized controls was the easy one. Alison has spent her time figuring out why the power supply doesn't work and I've tackled the drive unit. That works now - I won't go into the technicalities - and Alison has just told me what we need to do to restore the power supply." 
"And then it'll fly?" 
"And then it'll fly like a bird, Nikki, just like a bird." 
Bryn looked very pleased with himself. 
"Can you tell me why it stopped working?" Plisfou questioned. 
"Corrosion of the transmission cables," said Alison with a smile, "they were covered in a thin layer of material which had become porous and had simply rusted away." 
"I am not sure I understand, but if you say you can repair the machine I am happy." 
"Well, we can repair it if we can find some cable that will fit. We may have to take apart one of the little robots, if that's OK." Plisfou nodded her agreement. 
Nikki told Bryn that she was leaving and that Plisfou would return either later that evening or the morning. In turn, Plisfou assured them that food and beds would be provided by her own people. Having reassured Bryn and Alison that their needs were being taken care of Nikki and Plisfou joined Bavex in the other aircraft to fly back to Gifford. 
It was dark when Plisfou set the aircraft down on the outskirts of the settlement. Lights were on and a few people still bustled about. Before either Nikki or Plisfou could alight Louise was hurrying out to meet them. Seeing this as she climbed down, Nikki assumed there must be a crisis of some sort. She jumped to the ground but saw Louise slow as Plisfou also climbed out of the aircraft. 
"Why the rush, Louise?" 
"Oh, no particular reason. I suppose I must be pleased to see you. Hello, Plisfou, nice to see you again. Are you staying with us tonight?" 
"I would be happy to, thank you. The food is better here." She smiled at her own little joke, as did Nikki, then introduced Bavex. 
The four of them walked the short distance into Gifford, Nikki bringing Louise up to date on happenings at Botijjo #2. Plisfou took Bavex off to find Ussida, leaving Nikki with Louise. 
"Look, Nikki, I didn't want to say anything in front of Plisfou, but there's been talk." Louise could hardly contain her grin as she spoke. "Talk? About what?" 
"You. Well, more precisely, you and Bryn. Is there something going on that we should know about?" 
"What exactly do you mean by 'something going on'? And what about me and Bryn?" 
"Well, it seems that Bryn let slip to somebody - Gordon seems to be the culprit - that he thought he ought to be thinking about doing his duty as a family man. It appears he has his sights on you, and, let's face it, just about all the men here would shy away from asking you." 
"Good Lord." Nikki seemed quite shocked. "Why do you say that?" 
"They all have so much respect for you that they think they wouldn't be good enough for you. It's quite a compliment, really."
"If I'm that frightening why isn't Bryn afraid of me as well, then?"
"Ah. I was afraid you'd ask that. It seems he believes that as he's the only one around who's old enough he could expect you to take his overtures seriously. Has he said anything to you?"
"No, but I saw him just before we left and I thought for a second that he and Alison exchanged a strange look when I appeared. I thought it was my imagination but perhaps it wasn't."
"The talk is that if you and he get together Alison would be in the family as well, but there's no clue about the fourth member. You've got to tell me what you think about this, instead of just giving me one of your enigmatic looks. They could mean anything." 
"I wasn't aware I had an enigmatic look," Nikki replied distractedly.
"Well? What would you do if Bryn suggested it to you?"
"To be honest, Louise, I don't know. I haven't really given the family question much thought on a personal basis but I suppose I should. And I do like Bryn a lot. What about you, anyway? I could ask you when you're going to join a family."
"You could, but I have no plans."
"Bryn might think you'd be a good fourth."
"No, Nikki. Think about it. There are four so-called leaders of this community and it just wouldn't do to have three in the same family."
"No, I suppose not. Next time I see Bryn I'll bring this subject up, I think, and we'll see how it develops. It's as well to have it out in the open and if I wait for Bryn to raise it we could still be waiting this time next year." 
"That sounds like an acceptance to me."
"It isn't. But you never know."
Plisfou returned, bringing this part of the conversation to a close. Nikki decided that she was too tired, and had too much to think about, to pursue any of the discussions she needed to have before the morning, so she, Plisfou and Louise went off to eat before retiring. 


CHAPTER 11 
The following morning Plisfou left Gifford early, saying that either she would return the next day with Masaya or Bryn would fly back in the newly repaired aircraft and bring Masaya with him. In return, Nikki promised to provide the first of the deliveries of surplus produce and someone to train a couple of the Vixtamol in cookery. Once Plisfou had left she walked down to Bryn's workshop where she found Gordon hard at work with Ussida and Bavex on the boat. It was obvious that Ussida had indeed learned quickly, as Bryn had said, as she was working both unsupervised and apparently skilfully while Gordon was demonstrating the necessary skills to Bavex. 
She had seemed to Nikki to be very retiring by Aupesian standards and, apart from a few polite words when she had been introduced, had hardly spoken. Now, with Gordon and Ussida, she was chatting happily and seemed delighted to be among the human settlers. Nikki was almost sorry to break them up, but she needed a few words with Gordon and drew him aside. 
"I know what you're going to say," he said. 
"Oh? What?" Nikki couldn't help smiling. 
"It's about what Bryn said, isn't it? And he asked me not to tell anyone." 
"I think it would be best, now I know that he said something, if I know exactly what he did say, don't you?" 
"Yes, I suppose you're right. Well, he asked me who I was going to join with in a family and I said I didn't know yet and anyway he's a lot older than me so it was more urgent that he made his mind up and he said he thought he already had so I asked him who and he said Alison and Nikki. I asked him if he was sure about Nikki - I mean, you - and he said why. I said because everybody would like to ask you but nobody would so he said he was going to and if anybody wanted to beat him to it they'd have to hurry." 
"Is that true, Gordon? Would everybody like to ask me?" Nikki sounded truly amazed. 
"I think so, yes. I've talked to most of the others and your name comes up most of the time. Nobody wants to ask and get turned down, though." 
"Well, nobody has yet given me a chance to turn them down. I'll see Bryn later today and you can be sure I'll raise it with him then. Of course," she said playfully, "someone else might ask me first and there's no guarantee I'd say no." 
Gordon coloured a little but said nothing. His shy smile told Nikki that he wasn't about to ask her himself, so she left him to his work. 
Her first serious job of the day was to find Fiona and sit down with her to tell her about the events of the previous day. Perhaps she ought to include Louise as well, she thought as she walked towards the administration building. It was deserted when she got there. 
We must, she thought, arrange some sort of communication system to save wandering about all over the place whenever anybody is wanted. Still, at that time there was no alternative, so she went back outside, collared the first person she saw and asked that Fiona and Louise be found and told she needed to speak to them. That done, she sat down to think. 
Her experiences with Masyayi had been eye-opening, to say the least, but the knowledge that Bryn, and, it seemed, a lot of the other men, saw her as a potential family member had, if anything, concentrated her thoughts even more. She was fairly sure that the Aupesian males were not as fit and well as the females appeared to be, but whether anything could be done was something yet to be discovered. The study taking place at Botijjo #2 would find out, if all went well, whether an Aupesian/human hybrid would ever be possible and it seemed to Nikki that a positive result might well prove to be the only hope for Aupesian survival. She was as confident as she could be that their group would expand rapidly over the next few generations and that it would be able to sustain itself, as the birth-rate was accelerating and more than enough food was being produced. Gordon's fishing initiative would add both volume and variety to their food supplies. Her meandering thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of Fiona and Louise, Fiona in the sort of grubby state that had now become usual as she enjoyed nothing more than working with her animals. The closer she was to them the better she liked it with the inevitable effect on her appearance. 
The two visitors sat in front of Nikki's desk, sipping coffee and waiting for her to speak. 
"Yesterday Louise told me about Bryn's plan for a family." Nikki's look was serious. 
"Are you going to accept, then?" Louise sounded as if acceptance was a formality. 
"Perhaps. I don't know. But after what I saw yesterday I have to think carefully. I've asked you here, Fiona, because I value your opinion and you, Louise, are here because I really need your help." 
"OK," Louise replied, "whatever I can do, I will, you know that. " 
"I do. Right, to business. Yesterday I was introduced to the Aupesian means of population growth, and before you make any comment, Louise, it was just as an observer. Listen to what I have to say before you comment or ask questions." 
Nikki described her visit to the Silomiala as accurately and completely as possible, paying particular attention to the so-called breeding table and the physical state the male appeared to be in. When she finished the factual description she turned to her reactions. 
"I'd seen all this but didn't comment at all. I won't until I am sure of my own feelings about the process. It is vital that we stay focussed on the fact that the Aupesians are an ancient civilisation, much older than ours and, until they were practically exterminated by Earth diseases, much more technologically advanced than us. I don't believe we have the right to criticise their ways even if they might seem to us to be verging on the barbaric. That is, I think, how I feel - that only certain people are allowed to breed and they are treated much as we treat our livestock, while the others have no chance to procreate. There seems to be no room in Aupesian society for any sort of emotional attachment to another individual, which is I think why the friendship between Pete and Zeftio is being very carefully watched. Some of the comments that have been made about that friendship suggest to me that the Aupesians actually know rather more about our mating habits than they have said, but I suppose this isn't surprising if they've visited Earth and studied us. I think it is also the reason why the Aupesians always seem to enjoy themselves so much when they come here - they are temporarily released from what appears to be a harsh, soulless regime, even if all the individuals in that regime are very likeable and pleasant to be with. OK, I've had my say." 
There was silence in the room as both Louise and Fiona seemed to be deep in thought. Louise looked worried and avoided eye contact with Nikki. As the seconds dragged by and became a minute Fiona spoke. 
"It’s quite something, isn't it? I have to say I agree totally about not criticising our hosts on this planet. They've gone out of their way to be hospitable and we can't expect them to be exactly like us just because there's a physical similarity. Perhaps the answer will lie with Pete Webster, you know. I'm jumping the gun here, but if Jodie’s study shows that the genetic differences can be overcome a lot could happen after an Aupesian is included in one of our family units." 
A look of fascination crossed Nikki's face, which hitherto had been just on the worried side of expressionless. 
"You seem confident that Jodie will come up with something solid. Is there something that you're not telling us?" 
"Not exactly, no, but even as far back as the late nineteen hundreds genetic engineering was employed to produce market-orientated livestock. Those skills have been developed although never used on humans, as far as I know. If we can do it with cattle, pigs and chickens it seems to me quite logical, at least on a theoretical level, to assume that the process can be applied to the so-called higher species. I mean, of course, humans but since the Aupesians need to breathe and eat just like us to exist it is equally logical to assume that the same basic process can be extended to them as well. The morality of this genetic tinkering is not something on which I have to make a decision, for which I am mightily grateful." 
"You could ask which is morally least offensive - tinkering, as you put it, with the genetic composition of a species or standing by and watching that species become extinct. I don't have a moral problem with the tinkering given the only apparent alternative." 
"Yes, Louise, fine in theory," Fiona replied, "but if the roles were reversed and you were told that your life expectancy of, say, eighty years was to be cut to thirty so that the human race could survive you might not have a theoretical moral problem but you might be reluctant to submit to the process yourself." 
"Let's get back to the more immediate issues, you two." Nikki was smiling as she interrupted the discussion before it became an argument. "I've invited Masaya here and I suspect she knows what I want to talk to her about. What I want from each of you is two things. I want your advice about what I say to Bryn, and what I can possibly say to Masaya without causing offence. For the purposes of this exercise let's assume Jodie's team come up with an acceptable means of genetic control or whatever the correct term is to permit inter-species reproduction." 
"While Fiona's still thinking I'll tell you what I believe you should do. Firstly, you should say yes to Bryn, provided the others are acceptable to you. Secondly, I think you've got to tell Masaya a few unpalatable things, but she probably knows them anyway. You have to tell her that we don't think that the Aupesians have a hope in hell of surviving because their males seem to have had it. Without males they can't reproduce, it's that simple. You've also got to tell her, delicately, that we want no part of their baby factory." 
"That's pretty straightforward. You'll leave me to translate it into a rather more diplomatic form, I suppose?" Louise just shrugged her shoulders, saying that Nikki was good at that sort of thing. 
"Louise has really said what needs to be said. I agree you should enter a family and Bryn's as good as they come. As for Masaya, well, Louise has said it all. Perhaps the way forward, if we assume that Jodie will be successful, is to suggest that if any of the Aupesians want to, they should be allowed to join families. We may have to compromise by letting one or two of our men, if they're prepared to do it, spend a day every so often at what Louise so sweetly calls their baby factories. With respect to my illustrious colleague – " Fiona gave Louise an affectionate squeeze on the shoulder, rewarded by a friendly smile "- you can hardly tell Masaya what is going to happen and stay within the self-imposed rule of non-criticism of Aupesian civilisation." 
"If you both think I should commit to a family I'll have to discuss it with Bryn. It seems nobody else is going to ask me and I admit I'm fond of him. As to Masaya's visit, well, that's less clear-cut. There is pressure on Jodie and her people, whether she knows it or not, to produce a workable solution and if she does I think Fiona has made a suggestion that would be worth thinking seriously about. I can't see any of our people objecting too much if our families included Aupesians, but I can foresee resistance to our men being used - and I think that is the right word - within the Silomiala system. It might be a price worth paying, though, if we can find a couple of volunteers. Just as an experiment between the three of us, let's see if we can find a way of asking one of our men - it doesn't matter who - if he'd go. How do we put it to him? Louise? Fiona?" 
"I suppose we need to be more subtle than my usual method," Fiona suggested, "because when I want a sow fertilised I just lead the boar up behind her, whisper in his ear and he does the rest." 
"It depends what you whisper. I think," Louise said, looking thoughtful, "that if the situation is explained in general terms to everyone first the problem that our Aupesian friends have becomes well-known. Then you can approach one of the men who has yet to commit to a family and say to him something along the lines of, um, 'would you mind donating sperm to the Aupesians?' and he'd be unlikely to say no. Then you can go into the means of that donation. Explaining the system that they use to everyone here in detail doesn't serve any purpose that I can see." 
"OK, Louise, leaving aside the obvious question of why I have to do the asking, I'll try to imagine I'm one of our uncommitted men." Nikki paused for a moment. "You know, I think I can imagine it working. Before we left Earth part of the selection process that I used was suitability for reproduction, so I don't have any doubts about the physical ability to perform, if you'll forgive the term, but there is a question of attitude. I don't want them now, but it might be useful to have a few suggestions as to who might be able to handle the mental aspects of being a surrogate Aupesian male. Do you want to go away and think about it?" 
The meeting broke up with both Louise and Fiona promising to consider who could be asked to volunteer, and to keep the details of the meeting to themselves. Each returned to their routine daily tasks a little more preoccupied than normal, but happy that Nikki was, apparently, going to commit to a family with Bryn and Alison. For her part, Nikki was unsure about the family question, as she called it, but could see the advantages of being seen to be part of a family. Besides, she told herself, Bryn was the one man that she looked up to although that might have been simply because she had dealings with him regularly and didn't need to be in such regular contact with any of the others. 
Throughout the rest of the day she found herself looking at each man she encountered as a potential family member rather than as a fellow settler as she always had in the past. It could have been that, or it could have been that her earlier conversation with Gordon had become widely known, which led to several men engaging her in far more general conversations than had ever previously been the case. She found that she enjoyed the extra attention that she was getting as a woman rather than Mission Commander. That enjoyment added to her doubts about committing to Bryn, and brought home to her the realisation that she had been entirely celibate since the meeting, so long ago, with Sarah Gifford when the possibility of leaving Earth had first been suggested. She didn't grasp it at the time, but these thoughts, personal to her, pushed the wider issues that she had discussed with Louise and Fiona out of her mind. 
She kept herself busy for the rest of the day and the sun was beginning to set before she felt pangs of hunger telling her it was time to eat. The idea of a quiet stroll on the beach appealed, though, so before she returned to her quarters she headed off towards the sea. Once on the beach she pulled off her Aupesian boots, walking barefoot in the sand. She was only aware of someone with her when a voice startled her. 
"May I walk with you?" a male voice said. 
"Don't do that! You frightened the life out of me!" she turned to see the smiling face of Scott Collins, one of Fiona's biologists.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to. Can I carry those for you?"
"Thank you," she said, handing him her boots, "I thought I'd enjoy the sunset. I don't get the chance often."
"You work too hard."
They walked in an uncomfortable silence for a little while, Nikki enjoying the feel of the warm sand between her toes if not the silence.
"Tell me," she said suddenly, "is everyone afraid of me, or something?"
"Not afraid, no. In awe of you, I suppose, would be a better way of putting it."
"You as well, Scott?"
"A little, yes. Everyone respects you and what you've helped us all to accomplish here."
"Gordon said that a lot of people would ask me to commit to a family with them, but were afraid of rejection. Now Bryn seems as if he's going to ask."
"Are you accepting?"
"To be quite honest, Scott, I don't know." She sat down, her back resting against a rock. "Can I take the time to be a responsible family member, and if I can, would it be the right family? But if no-one else is going to ask me it might be my only chance."
Scott still stood, looking out to sea as Nikki spoke. When he realised she was saying nothing more he turned round and sat beside her.
"I've been thinking about a family myself. I talked to Andrea - you know Andrea Toyne of course - and she would commit with me and I think Claire Jeavons will too. She's promised to talk to Andrea and then give a definite answer." 
"There's a point to this that you haven't got to yet, isn't there?" Nikki was smiling one of her playful smiles.
"Yes, there is. Do you swim?" Nikki ignored the question.
"Get to the point, Scott. It might be what I'm waiting for." 
"Well, it's the question of the fourth member. We'd be honoured if you'd think about committing with us." 
"Thanks, Scott. You've cheered me up. Do you know you're the first one who has actually asked?" Scott shook his head. "I can't give you an answer now, but tell me what Claire says. Her answer will dictate what mine will be, but I'm not going to tell you whether I'll say yes because she has said yes, or whether I'll say yes because she's said no. When you have her answer come and see me and I'll give you mine. I'll also explain why I needed her answer first. OK?" 
"Yes, Nikki, I'll have her answer early tomorrow. Now, do you swim?" 
"I do. Why?" Scott merely grinned in reply before pulling his clothes off and running into the water. So, Nikki thought, that's what a naked man looks like, I'd almost forgotten. With a smile and a what-the-hell feeling she wriggled out of her zaxtapijj dress and, as naked as Scott, joined him in the water. 
Dinner that night was very late indeed. 

Nikki rose later than normal the next morning, wondering whether she should regret the episode with Scott on the beach. The memory of the feel of his body suggested that she shouldn't, but the thought that she had lost control told her that she should. Once behind her desk in the administration block it was easy to blot out the whole experience, except for the warm feeling inside that wouldn't go away. What was done was, of course, done and couldn't be undone and anyway Scott was coming to see her. She could clear the air then, but if she committed to his family it wouldn't matter anyway. She pulled out a piece of paper and wrote 'Claire Said?' on it then put it to one side. She knew how she was going to be fair to both Scott and herself. 
He arrived late in the morning, sitting down in front of Nikki's desk only when she asked him. There was an exchange of greeting and some small talk, which Nikki couldn't later recall, before she took out her piece of paper. 
"I know it seems strange, but put Claire's answer on there. Fairly obviously, yes if she's committing to you and Andrea, no if she isn't." Scott took the paper with an odd look at Nikki, wrote the answer and made to hand it back. 
"No, Scott, just leave it there, face down." The paper lay between them. "Let me explain, but if it turns out that I can't make the commitment to you I'd appreciate it if the explanation could stay confidential for the time being. OK?" 
"OK, but I can't say I understand." 
"You will. We've got on well with the Aupesians since we arrived, but now we know they have a major problem. They have very few males, and those who are still alive are in a pretty bad way. It is possible that the Aupesians are looking at extinction before long. We've got people at Botijjo #2, as I'm sure you know, working on finding a way for us to interbreed - I know it's an awful term, but you know what I mean. We'll know pretty soon if it's going to be possible. We are assuming that it will be possible until we know it definitely isn't, so we've drawn up some plans to put to the Aupesians. One of those plans involves families which will include at least one Aupesian female. In my position, irrespective of my own feelings, I cannot commit to a family with no space for an Aupesian to join, so I will commit to you and Andrea willingly and very happily if Claire has declined. If, however she has agreed, I would be the fourth, which is not something that I can allow to happen. I would then have to refuse, but I would do so very reluctantly. Do you understand the position I'm in, and why the answer on that piece of paper is so important?" 
"Now I understand, Nikki, yes. If I've put 'no' you'll commit to us?" 
"Very happily indeed." 
"You can't possibly know how much I appreciate what you've said. Please believe me when I say you've made Andrea and me very happy." As he spoke he turned over the paper, revealing Claire's answer. Nikki saw it and sat back in her chair, a single tear running slowly down each cheek. 
"I'm sorry, Scott, I really am. But I hope you, Andrea and Claire will be very, very happy, and that if and when the time comes you'll consider welcoming an Aupesian into your family." 
"I'm sure we will, on both counts. We'll both pretend that last night never happened, shall we?" 
"Perhaps we should," Nikki said as she tossed the paper, with 'yes' written in answer to the question, into a bin. Scott watched the ball of paper as it fell, then, standing, smiled widely at Nikki. 
"For what it's worth, I still think you're head and shoulders above anyone else here. Thanks for taking us seriously. I ought to be getting on with some work." 
"I should be thanking you, really, because I would have said yes, but as things are, well, I'm... " 
"I know. We're all here for you, you know that." 
"Go on, get to work before we both get too sentimental!" Scott laughed, to Nikki's relief, and left, leaving her to face the rest of the day without, she had to admit to herself, a great deal to do. 

It was, she mused, a shame in some ways that the piece of paper screwed up in the bin didn't have 'no' written on it. She would have committed to Scott willingly, and not just because of what had happened, or, at least officially, hadn't happened, on the beach. She genuinely liked him and got on so well with Andrea, and clearly sex wouldn't have been a problem. But what she had said to him had been true - she couldn't put herself in a position where an Aupesian couldn't join her family. The chance had passed, and unless anyone else asked her first Bryn would surely put a proposition to her when she next saw him. 
As it happened she didn't have to wait long. She'd gone for a stroll around Gifford, taking in the beach in an effort to minimise the impact of her memories of the previous evening, and on the way back to her office she met Masaya coming towards her. 
"Nikki!" she cried happily, "I must see Ussida and Bavex and then we must talk. Bryn is waiting for you and has asked where you are." 
"Before you dash off, is the aircraft flying now?" 
"It flies again, yes. It is now yours. Alison flies it well. Excuse me now, I will return soon." Masaya hurried off, leaving Nikki a little confused. Of all the Aupesians, Masaya had always appeared to be the least emotional, but she seemed today to be excited. It was unlike her to rush about as she was now doing. Nikki assumed that Bryn may know the reason so she hurried back to her office where she found him waiting for her. 
"Ah," he said, "there you are. I turn my back for a few hours and everybody starts talking about me. I gather Gordon blurted something I really wanted to keep confidential." 
"Yes, I rather think he did," Nikki replied with a mischievous look, "and when I found out I pumped him for as much detail as I could. So tell me what you have in mind." 
"This is a bit difficult," Bryn said, carefully closing Nikki's office door, "and I've been thinking about it for a long time. Actually, you might as well know I first had the idea when you organised that survey months before we arrived. I thought of who I could possibly join with in a family but there have only ever been two women, or had been at that stage, that I would have considered as a wife. I would have married Sarah Gifford twenty years ago, you know, if I'd thought she might have accepted, and you are the other one. I think you know how much I respect you, and emotionally, well, you're a close friend and a great deal more. Since we've been here I've got closer to Alison and suggested to her that we could commit to each other. She seemed to like the idea and asked who else would join us. I said I was thinking of you and she was thrilled. Of course, we'd wait until Jodie's finished her work in case we can bring one of the Aupesians in as our fourth. I want to talk to you about that when Masaya comes back, by the way. Anyway, that's what I was thinking. I know all the others are younger so if you're not interested I'd understand." 
"You want Alison and me to have your babies?" Nikki's frivolous question was taken seriously. 
"Well, yes, I suppose I do. Would you be prepared to?" 
"I've thought about this a lot. I have to set an example and I'm being dilatory on the family question. You, Alison, an Aupesian and me, eh? If Alison thinks she can keep us all in order my answer, Mr Thomas, is yes." Bryn smiled brightly, said nothing and opened the door. Alison was waiting outside and one look at Bryn's face told her Nikki's answer. She ran straight to Nikki and threw her arms round her, giving her a huge hug before releasing her. 
"Well!" Nikki exclaimed, "This is all new to me! I have a question. As I said to Bryn, you'll have to keep us all in order. Can you do it?" 
"Of course. Bryn's just a man so he'll do as he's told. You're a woman so you're as sensible as me. No problem." 
"But, Alison, what about an Aupesian joining us? Will we be able to cope then?" 
"You've thought about this, haven't you Nikki? You're happy to see Aupesians in our families? So we'll cope no better or worse than anyone else, OK?" 
"Yes, yes, and yes, I suppose. Are you happy with all this, Bryn?" 
"Alison tells me I am, so yes, I'm happy.” 
"And the really great thing is that we get to move out of quarters on KonTiki and into a proper house! You'll see to building one for us all, won't you, Bryn? Alison and I will tell you what we want, but you'd better include a decent sized bath and a proper shower, right, Alison?" 
Alison agreed and Bryn confirmed that the house would be built, just as for all the other families, according to the wishes of the family. It was a happy trio that Masaya interrupted when she returned from her visit to Ussida and Bavex. She told Nikki, Bryn and Alison that work on the fishing boats was proceeding rapidly, the first vessel being just about complete. Gordon and Ussida were proposing to put it in the water for the first time either that day or the next, an event that Masaya said she very much wanted to see. 
Bryn took that opportunity to excuse himself, saying that he thought he should go and help Gordon with whatever final preparations might be necessary. Alison went with him, leaving Nikki alone with Masaya. 
"I think you will be surprised," Masaya said quietly, "but we have never used the water. Boats are unknown here and the other continent was unsettled until we became able to build aircraft." 
"I am surprised, because Earth history is very different. Our explorers seemed to have used water for trading almost as soon as our ancestors developed towns. Of course, our geography is very different. Perhaps that is why we saw the sea as a means of exploring the world." 
The atmosphere was a little strained as Nikki didn't really know how to raise the topics that she needed to discuss while Masaya was unwilling to do or say anything that might cause a rift between her and Nikki. Acutely aware of the silence in the room, Nikki decided that she needed to say something, even if it was unrelated to the subject exercising her mind. 
"Perhaps we should walk down to Bryn's workshop," Nikki suggested, "and see how this boat is progressing." 
"Yes, we should. Earlier it looked complete, but I know nothing of these things." 
They walked slowly down to the workshop, chatting with the various people they met on the way. When they arrived, they found Bryn and Gordon inching the vessel out of the workshop on its wheeled trailer with Ussida and Bavex offering advice, but not much practical help. They seemed to find the exercise hugely amusing and before long Nikki and Masaya were also enjoying the spectacle of Gordon and Bryn straining as they moved the heavily laden trailer slowly. Eventually, Bryn stood up and turned to Gordon, wiping sweat off his brow. 
"There has to be an easier way of moving this thing," he said, "and one that doesn't provide quite so much free entertainment for the ladies. Have we got any transports doing nothing?” 
"As far as I know, there's one behind Admin. I don't think anyone's using it today." 
"OK, I'll stroll up there and fetch it while you find me a nice strong piece of rope, long enough to loop round the front of a transport." Bryn strode off purposefully, rather than strolling, and Gordon disappeared into the workshop followed by Ussida and Bavex. They reappeared moments later with a long rope, which they attached to the front of the trailer, and were all ready for Bryn when he returned at the wheel of the transport. He soon had the rope around the front of his vehicle and drove slowly and steadily towards the beach. His three helpers walked alongside the trailer, steadying its load, while Nikki and Masaya followed. Bryn drove almost into the water then turned and stopped. After the rope was detached all four of them pushed the trailer into the water, going perhaps fifteen yards before the boat's buoyancy began to lift it off the trailer. 
"Steady!" Bryn shouted, "now jump on, Gordon, or it'll be off without you!" Gordon hauled himself onto the boat then helped Ussida up before dropping a crude anchor to keep the boat in place. Bryn and Bavex were easily able to drag the trailer out of the water once its load was floating free, and they joined Nikki and Masaya sitting on the beach. The four of them sat, watching the boat bobbing gently, in quiet admiration. 
Gordon was examining his creation carefully, from stem to stern, eventually shouting that there were no leaks. He and Ussida raised the sails, pulled up the anchor and the boat, nudged by the gentle breeze, moved slowly and serenely along, parallel with the shoreline. There was a growing crowd on the beach to watch the maiden sail and as Gordon turned the boat away from shore a cheer rose, causing Gordon to wave happily as the boat's speed picked up. 
Nikki watched Masaya's face show surprise as the boat moved quickly across the water, Ussida handling her tasks on board efficiently. Her expression changed to one of concern as the boat gradually became smaller as it went further from shore, turning to relief only when the boat turned in a wide arc and began to return. 
"Well," Nikki asked, "what do you think?" 
"I am proud of Ussida. She is very brave to go so far. But I am proud of Gordon also. It is a great achievement, and you say that this will be used to catch fish to eat?" 
"That's the idea, yes. They won't fish today, though, as this is just a test to make sure that everything works." 
They watched Gordon bring the boat in expertly and waited for him to complete the beaching exercise. Only then did they approach him and Ussida. 
"Any time either of you wants to come sailing, just let us know - we'd be happy to take you." 
"Thanks but no thanks, Gordon, I'm too fond of dry land. Masaya might come out with you one day." 
"Perhaps I will. If Ussida can operate a boat and overcome any fear of being on the water it is possible that I can overcome my fear too." Ussida laughed, bravely in Nikki's opinion, at her Jukkakique, who joined in the laughter with Nikki and Gordon as they all walked back to the workshop. Gordon took the chance to voice an idea. 
"I was thinking that once we've got two or three boats we could construct a dock in the river with a building to process the fish that we catch. What do you think, Nikki?" 
"It seems a sound enough idea, but how much work would it take? Surely building a dock is going to be complicated?" 
"Not necessarily. The river is navigable for boats like this and the bottom would take piles easily enough. And it wouldn't need to be a large building." 
"OK, talk to Bryn and if he can spare the manpower I have no objection. But, and it is a very large but indeed, he has a house to build first. I'm not putting off family life just so that you can gut fish in comfort!" 
"You mean, you, Bryn and Alison are going to do it? That's great, Nikki, I'm really pleased for you all. Who will be your fourth?" 
"Ah, well, that's something I need to talk to Masaya about and really one of the reasons that she's here. When we've decided what to do about a few things the mystery of our fourth will be solved." Nikki looked at Gordon's face. Perhaps, she thought, Louise was right and I do have an enigmatic smile. 
She and Masaya left Gordon to his work and returned to the administration building. Masaya had talked about her favourable impressions of Gordon's boat until they were safely indoors, then carefully turned the conversation to the topic they had been, equally carefully, avoiding. 
"We are friends, Nikki, and can speak plainly, I hope, without causing offence." 
"I hope so, yes." 
"I think you do not approve of the Silomiala, but you will not say so." 
"I was, I admit, surprised by the system, but I can neither approve nor disapprove. I feel sorry that your males appear to be unwell and that this causes so much difficulty for Masyayi." 
"Our males have been a disappointment for a long time, but this is the same in our other cities. It is now rare for a breeding to be successful and this concerns me greatly. Your people working at Botijjo #2 seemed to be excited about their work when I left and I think you will forgive me if I say that I hope this excitement means that there may be a way for us to interbreed." 
"Bryn said there was something he wanted to tell me, but he has not yet said what it is. I share your hope that Jodie's team has made progress because we have discussed here how her work can be used to benefit both our community and yours." 
"It is, I think, we Aupesians who will benefit most, and I want you to know that we are grateful to you for your efforts to help us." 
"Well, we haven't achieved anything yet. But, if we assume that the team finds a way we think that there might be two ways that we can help. Firstly, you heard Gordon ask who the fourth member of my family was to be?" 
"Yes, and you gave a strange answer." 
"Because I am waiting for Jodie's results. If she says we can interbreed, I hope you will permit some of your people to join human families to raise children. I realise that this is a major change to your culture, and I would understand if you were reluctant to allow this, or indeed prevented it." 
"You should not prejudge my reactions, Nikki. I know that our system is failing us and we must change." 
"Perhaps so, but we can't expect you to cast aside thousands of years of tradition just because we say so. Our second suggestion is that we seek volunteers among our males to work for a few days at a time within your Silomiala system. It is so completely different to anything that we have ever experienced, but I really think that we can find people to volunteer." 
"It is a most remarkable offer, Nikki, but let us talk about it more fully when we know what is happening at Botijjo #2. Your people there will I'm sure want to report to you soon. They have said that they will not report to either of us individually, but instead will speak to you and me together. I respect their honesty in saying this." 
As Masaya spoke Nikki stood up and was beginning to make coffee. She had no chance to reply as Bryn bustled in to the office. 
"Great," he said, "coffee. Just what I wanted." 
"Careful. If you start treating me like a wife I might start acting like one. If I did that I'd say, for instance, get your own coffee." 
"Right, I'm put in my place. What I came to say was that Jodie spoke to me before we left. She obviously didn't want to say too much to me, but she asked me to tell you, when I got the two of you together, that it appears from the equipment that is now working that a lot of the work has already been done and it looks very promising. I don't have a clue what she means, but it might be wise to fly back up there tomorrow and see for yourselves what she's up to. Alison will fly you, so you can talk about me in my absence." 
Nikki looked at Masaya, who looked at Bryn. 
"It seems," Masaya said, "that our hopes may be fulfilled." 


CHAPTER 12 
After a pleasant evening the following morning saw Nikki and Masaya leave Gifford early for the flight north to Botijjo #2, Alison again at the controls of the newly repaired aircraft. On landing they were met by Plisfou, who seemed more than usually excited. Even before they had descended from the aircraft, she was trying to explain how anxious Jodie, Nina and Pete were to have Nikki and Masaya go to the laboratory. Nikki was becoming confused as Plisfou kept slipping into her own language, but Masaya calmed Plisfou down and had her start again as they walked briskly towards the laboratory. 
"There have been developments," Plisfou said, "but I do not understand them well. Many of our machines in the rekkazixij are now operating again and discoveries are being made. Patlu, Bezali and Zeftio are assisting in the translation of what is being discovered. There is much excitement, but I do not know the cause. They will tell no-one until you and Nikki have been told." 
"Do you think they have discovered a genetic possibility so quickly? It doesn't seem possible." Nikki tried to dampen the enthusiasm, but was just as excited by the possibility as anyone else. 
"We should not prejudge," Masaya cautioned, "I have noticed this with Earth people. You are given to guessing a conclusion when you know little of the facts." She smiled as she said this, even if she may have considered it a weakness. 
Their haste meant that they arrived quickly at the laboratory, in which they found the six people, working quietly and apparently efficiently in pairs. Pete and Zeftio were sitting close together studying data being printed onto paper, Patlu and Jodie were similarly engaged while Nina and the third Aupesian, who, Nikki thought, must be Bezali, were preoccupied by a VDU. There was a noticeably tense atmosphere. 
Eventually, Jodie broke off, rubbing her eyes with fatigue. 
"We haven't stopped since we got this lot operating. Nina did a great job, but all it needed, apparently, was attention to the power supply cables. We'd just about got it all sorted when Bryn came in and told us that was the problem with the plane and maybe it would be the same in here. And, of course, it was, but by then we already knew. What day is it?" 
Nikki told her, to Jodie's evident surprise. 
"Oh well, never mind, there'll be plenty of time for sleeping. At least we've been fed and watered." There was much evidence of meals and drinks taken over the last couple of days scattered about. 
"So, what progress have you made?" Nikki's question sounded rather formal. 
“Let's pull up some chairs. Take a break, people." Everyone sat, Masaya and Nikki looking at the tired faces of Jodie's little team and waiting for the revelations. 
"Well. Our first problem was that nothing worked," Jodie explained, "but as I said it wasn't actually that difficult to put that little irritation behind us. Then we had to figure out what all this hardware actually did, a problem not helped by it throwing out data in Aupesian. Thankfully, Zeftio was here and she could translate some and then had the bright idea of enlisting a bit more help, hence the presence of Bezali and Patlu. There was a lot of stuff that wasn't relevant to the job we are doing, interesting though it is. We then started to find records, much to our surprise, that were not only relevant but seemed to be of exactly the work that we were proposing to do. There's a little way to go yet in getting it all into English, and even then the capacity for error in translation is pretty enormous. I need a chemist, ideally a biochemist and a good one, quickly." 
"OK. I'll fly back and find you the best. Carry on." Nikki's face reflected clearly the anticipation building inside her. 
"It seems as if our friends here really did visit Earth over a long period of time, and I mean a long period. They were travelling in interstellar space when we still thought fire was a pretty clever idea. As time went on it becomes obvious that they didn't think we were too great a race, probably rightly, as most of our progress in technology seemed to them to be driven by military needs. It's a difficult thing to argue against, I suppose. Anyway, we have records here of decisions that were made to try and change us a little. The impression I get is that they may not have liked our ideas of civilisation, but they treated us like naughty children that you can't help liking despite their horrible habits. Correct me if I'm wrong, Masaya." 
"I cannot say. Before our machinery ceased to function I was young and very junior. Any decisions made meant only orders to me which I needed to carry out. Please carry on. You will cause no offence to any of us here as I am sure we did things that you would not regard as right." 
"OK. There used to be stories on Earth of people being abducted by aliens. Those stories seem to be true and we now seem to be living among the abductors." 
"Forgive me," Masaya interrupted, "but we were not the only ones. Those that you described as greys also carried out abductions but theirs were more sinister in intent. They wanted to probe for weaknesses that they could exploit. We wanted only to help you live peacefully." 
"What we've managed to translate backs up what you've said, Masaya. It seems your motivation was to help, as you say. The idea was that genetic compatibility was to be established, just as we are trying to do now, so that Aupesian influence could bring greater peace to Earth. It was a mighty task, and they'd tried it before but it backfired." 
"If I can interrupt you again," Masaya said, seeming to be almost embarrassed by the revelations, "that was long ago when we sought to provide icons - I think that is the term - for you to look up to as people whose lives you should wish to copy. You saw us as gods and used this as a reason for fighting others who had different ideas. It was an experiment that caused many wars among the humans, which we regretted. This was to be another experiment to try to alter the genetic make-up of humans over time so that peaceful life was attained. Your final war ended the experiment after less than a hundred of your years." 
"I think I see," Nikki said. "We really don't seem to be an attractive people, do we?" 
"We always believed that you had virtues that exceeded your less pleasant ideas. I now know from living with you for this short time that we were right." 
"Can I get on to the interesting parts?" 
"Yes," said Nikki, "sorry, Jodie, carry on." 
"What we are now in the process of uncovering is the means that the Aupesians used to alter both human and Aupesian genetic construction to permit them to live among humans and reproduce. We have more work to do to be able to reconstruct the exact means, but we do know that Aupesian females were on Earth for long enough to give birth to perfectly normal children fathered by humans. Those children existed, and presumably went on to have children of their own. Of course, as the bloodline would become so diluted in the long term it would have had little effect, but if the war hadn't happened no doubt the experiment would have gone on and probably, over a long enough timescale, would have worked. There were some very, very clever people working on this and some of their work that we've already seen exceeds what we would have been capable of by huge margins. In a nutshell, if we'd been left to find the solution ourselves we'd have failed. Because of what the Aupesians did with human abductees a couple of centuries or more ago, we are going to succeed. Give me that chemist, Nikki, and I'll give you a pregnant Aupesian carrying a human male's baby in ten days." 
"Are you sure? I mean, you can actually do it that quickly?" 
"Yes, Nikki. These people were brilliant, with hundreds of years of work behind them. All we need to do is finish translating the work and follow the instructions. Am I right, Pete? You're the doctor." 
"Absolutely. It's all here, as Jodie says, and way beyond what we ever imagined would be possible. The precision of the data is quite honestly incredible. There are programs here to break down both human and Aupesian body weight into water and fat, and then it calculates the exact adjustment to the chemical cocktail needed to enhance or suppress chromosomes to create a perfect genetic match between breeding partners. If this knowledge had been available on Earth, say in 1939, Hitler could have had his master race and not one damn thing could have been done about it. It's the sort of knowledge that Earth politicians used to dread, pre-war." 
"I accept what you say, Pete, and we'll need to be careful in how we use this knowledge. But you said, Jodie, that the scope for translation error is large. Aren't you concerned that any errors might alter your conclusions?" 
"No. There may be some errors, but the facts recorded speak for themselves. It's already been done, Nikki, and all we're doing is repeating that success." 
"Even if the errors are in translating chemical names?" 
"We have Aupesian chemists. Not a problem, is it, Bezali?" 
"No, because I understand the names and can prepare these chemicals." Her tone was totally confident, putting Nikki's mind a little more at rest. 
"If I accept what you say for the time being, I trust you'll forgive me having a few reservations if only because it seems to good to be true. You need a biochemist, so I'll go back to Gifford and send someone up. Do you need anything else?" 
"Not at the moment. In a few days we're going to need volunteers. That I'll leave entirely to Masaya and you. Just tell me who and we'll do the rest." 
Nikki and Masaya left the team to its work, Nikki intending to return immediately to Gifford. Masaya held her back. 
"There are some things I must explain," she said, “it will not take long. Can you wait?” 
"Of course," Nikki replied with a smile, sensing that Masaya was uncomfortable. The walked together to Masaya's building and settled themselves in her office. 
"There are three things I must tell you, then I will give you my answer to the offer you made yesterday. Firstly, you did not react when Jodie asked for a chemist, which I understand, but you did not react when Bezali told us she understands these things. I am wondering why. Is it because you do not trust us?" 
"No, no, Masaya, not at all. Jodie has worked with Bezali, yet still asks me to bring a chemist. Since I trust her judgement I did not question it." 
"Forgive me, Nikki, but I find these happenings difficult sometimes. Would it offend you if I asked Bezali why your chemist is needed?" 
"Of course not." 
"Thank you. I will be only a moment." Masaya stood and left the room, returning in just a couple of minutes. 
"I have spoken with her. She says she understands the chemical names, but is not confident that she can follow the instructions now being revealed. It was her request that help should be provided. I am sorry." 
"There's no need to apologise. I should have asked Jodie myself, and it was insensitive of me not to. I should apologise to you." Masaya smiled at Nikki in the open, friendly way that had become so familiar and carried on. 
"I must also say that I knew of the existence of our experiment on Earth but I did not know how successful it had been. Logic told me that the information should be available if the machines could be made to work, but I said nothing as I did not want to make your people feel that they would have failed if they could not release that information. If I made a wrong decision I apologise again." 
"I think it was a wise decision, and shows good leadership qualities. I hope I would have done the same in the same circumstances." 
"It pleases me that you agree. The third thing I must tell you is this. I am Jukkakique here, as you know, but we have other cities and each is in the same situation as we are. The Jukkakique of each city faces the same problems that she must solve, and each will know that someone from another planet has landed here on Aupes and will know where. The time has come when I must tell those others of our experiences. Each Jukkakique will want to come here to meet you. Each will ask you to do for them what you have done for me. I ask a great deal, but will you hear them and help where you can? Travelling to the other Botijjo cities is not difficult, but Sarrijjo is across much water and we travel from continent to continent as little as possible. The three Jukkakiquen from Sarrijjo will come here together." 
"Perhaps the other Jukkakiquen from Botijjo can come at the same time and be our guests at Gifford. We can hear what they have to say and offer whatever help we can, but our resources will be thinly stretched over seven cities, I'm afraid. I promise you we will do whatever we can. I think we could begin by asking Pete to take a little time away from the team here to examine Masyayi's males. He will be able to say whether they are well, which will be a useful guide for examining the males in the other cities." 
"That would be useful, yes. Perhaps you would ask him before you leave." 
"Of course. Now, yesterday I suggested some ways forward and Jodie's news today makes it important that we come to some decisions. I won't put pressure on you, but the sooner I know what you feel about the suggestions the sooner we can act on them." 
"I have thought about what you said. If any of your males are prepared to work with our Silomiala I would be delighted. That part of your offer I accept with much gratitude. You also said that some of us could join with your families. Here I have less certainty. Only the Silomiala breed here, but your people have met only the Roxtamol and a few of the Vixtamol. These do not breed. What you suggest changes the way we have lived since we developed cities, but I said yesterday that if we are to survive at all it seems we must change. I do not want us to adopt human ways entirely as we then cease to be Aupesian and become human. I considered that we may be able to adopt your ways and then return to our own when we are greater in number, but I have seen the reactions of Ussida, Zeftio and indeed Plisfou to being among you. Returning to purely Aupesian ways will not be possible, I fear. I have to look at the destruction of our civilisation or the destruction of our race. It is not an easy choice since I fear that you will not allow your males to operate within our system if we do not let our females outside of the Silomiala join your families if they wish. I need guidance, but have no-one to offer advice to me." 
"I wish I could be more helpful, but our being here has exposed your people to our ways. It now seems that we can use our males to fertilise your females," Well, Nikki thought, I'm starting to talk like an Aupesian, "but seeing our lives and being prevented from taking part may frustrate some of your people. I don't want to see an end to the Silomiala system, which has served you so well for so long, but I have to say I would not be entirely happy if that was the only way the interbreeding skills were used. I would not prevent our volunteers from working in the system, rather I would still encourage it, but I would not be as comfortable as I would if some of you adopted our ways. Perhaps only a few will want to.” 
"I know you are trying to be as helpful as you can, my friend Nikki, and I appreciate what you are doing. Do you think I could allow some of my people to join with your families and later prevent any more from joining?" 
"It would be very difficult, but really we have few places for Aupesians. Those few places will be even more limited if we are to help all seven of your cities. Can I suggest that we allow the ones that wish to join families to do so, as it is unlikely that there will be more than three or four?” 
"Very well, but I do this with reluctance. Please do not tell anyone of my feeling." 
"It will be our secret. I am joining in a family myself with Bryn and Alison. There is a place there for one of your people and I particularly wanted to be in a family with an Aupesian. That way I can see what the advantages are, and where there are difficulties. Ours should, I think, be the first." 
"This I accept. There will be no resistance from me to one of the Roxtamol or Vixtamol joining with you. I think Zeftio and Ussida will want to join families, but perhaps not yours. These families will live at your Gifford?" 
"I imagine so, yes. We have houses for each family as you have seen, but you must never feel that you will be unwelcome at any of our homes. I know from talking to people that you are liked and respected by everyone at Gifford." 
"Thank you. I am troubled by one thing. Your families are based on the emotional attachment of one family member to another. This I fear will be difficult for my people to understand as we have no such attachments." 
"My feeling is that there is nothing to worry about. We have already seen Pete and Zeftio together and they show all the signs of having an emotional bond. I think the same is true of Ussida when she is with Gordon. I can't believe that these two are unique, nor can I believe that either Ussida or Zeftio have become emotionally linked to these men simply because they are the only ones they have dealt with. Certainly in Zeftio's case, she met just about everyone at Gifford but chose Pete, and Ussida has had the same opportunities. If we let things take their natural course these emotional attachments will form." 
Masaya seemed to be satisfied with Nikki's comments, but Nikki felt that she was still doubtful about the courses of action that had been agreed. It occurred to Nikki that Masaya was in a similar position to that facing Sarah Gifford when she had realised that the human population on Earth was facing certain extinction, and just as in Sarah's situation there was no ideal answer. But, thought Nikki, what has been proposed is not ideal for us either and we're all going to have to make the best of it. 
She agreed with Masaya that she would speak to Pete about the examination of the Aupesian males, then fly back to Gifford to collect a biochemist for Jodie's team. Pete agreed readily enough, since he had time to spare until the chemical cocktails could be created. It would be his responsibility to administer the genetic alteration treatments, but until those treatments began he was not excessively busy. Nikki took a moment to check on the progress of the translation of the relevant parts of the Aupesian data and was relieved to see that the work was progressing so well. 

On the flight back to Gifford she sat with Alison in the cockpit, deep in thought. They were nearly back when she realised that Alison had been talking to her, possibly for some time. She apologised, but Alison laughed it off. 
"I was just chattering, really," she said. 
"Well, I should have been listening. What were you saying?" 
"It boils down to saying that I'm looking forward to settling into a house with you and Bryn. I'm starting to feel quite broody now that I know it's going to happen." 
"Good. It's going to be a huge improvement and we'll get on well. If anything I feel a bit sorry for Bryn, he won't know what's hit him. How would you feel about a fourth member, if, say, she was Aupesian?" 
"Fine. It makes no difference, as long as we all can live together. Who do you have in mind?" 
"Oh, nobody in particular. But if we're going to open our families to them I really have to set an example, which means you and Bryn do, too." 
Alison tried to convince Nikki that she really had no objection, although Nikki couldn't see what objection she could have anyway. She told Alison that they'd have an hour or so before they needed to go back to Botijjo #2 and left her to find Bryn and check on his work on their house. Nikki went off to find Fiona, who was ultimately in charge of the chemists. Inevitably, she found her in the midst of her cows. 
"OK," Fiona said when Nikki told her a biochemist was needed, "Nick's probably the best we've got, but now he's a family man he won't take kindly to being sent away. David Harper comes to mind but I'm not sure he'd be right for the job. Kirsten Larsson's your girl. She's thorough and totally unflappable, and loves working in unexplored areas of her subject. Mind you, I haven't a clue where she is." 
"Never mind, I'll find her. Thanks, Fiona." 
"Don't mention it. Just be careful how many people you commit to this pet project of yours. We've got work to do here and we can't be having all our best people sent up there. I know they've got problems, but we came here to solve ours." 
"Point taken. We've nearly finished up there anyway. I'll see you later, or maybe tomorrow." 
"Don't forget the leaders' meeting tomorrow." 
Nikki promised she wouldn't and left to find Kirsten, a task that took her a little time. Eventually Nikki tracked her down to the beach, where she was asleep. 
"Oh," she said sleepily, "it's you. Sorry, but I was tired. Late night last night analysing Gordon's fish. I didn't finish until dawn this morning.” 
"Are you OK now?" 
"Fine, yes. Why?" 
"Jodie needs you up at Botijjo #2. Can you spare a few days?" 
"Yes, I think so. There's nothing likely to happen here that David can't handle. What's Jodie's problem?" 
"I don't understand, really. Something to do with the creation of chemical concoctions to alter genetic make-up, and the Aupesian chemists are not sure how to handle it. No doubt it will all make sense to you when you get there." 
Kirsten stood up and strolled off with Nikki towards the aircraft, collecting Alison on the way. Before long, Kirsten was settled in the Aupesian laboratory and Nikki was back with Masaya. They were not allowed many minutes before Plisfou, Fejoq and Pete entered. Plisfou wore a neutral expression, her usual smile suppressed. Pete looked extremely worried and even Fejoq, who was usually full of fun, looked downcast. 
"Nikki, I heard you were back," Pete said in a serious tone, "and I need to talk to you. I found these two as I think they should hear what I have to say as well as you and Masaya." 
"You sound serious." Masaya sounded just as serious.” If you believe Plisfou and Fejoq should be here so be it. Tell us what you have to say. Please, everyone, sit." 
Pete sat opposite Masaya and rubbed his eyes. It might have been just tiredness but it seemed that he was on the point of being overcome with the impact of what he was going to say. Eventually he began to speak. 
"I have spent some time examining the males working in the Silomiala. They are all very much the same, some marginally healthier than others, but they are all very ill. I have also checked over a few of the females but so far have found no signs of any problems with them." He paused to rub his eyes again. Nikki spoke as gently as she could. 
"You say they are ill - do you know what is causing their illness?" 
"I do," he said, looking at Nikki then, turning to Masaya he continued, "I first noticed a growth in the testicles of the first male I examined, and having seen them all I have no doubt at all that they are suffering from testicular cancer. It is quite likely, given their general physical condition, that other parts of their bodies are affected as well. By rights a few of them should be dead already, but none of them can have long. Perhaps of greater significance for us all is that none of the males here are fertile. None of them is now capable of fathering a child as no sperm is being produced because of the cancer. How old are these people?" 
Masaya glanced briefly at Plisfou and Fejoq, then spoke softly to Pete. "They are all old enough to have visited your world, and I believe all have done so. They will have walked the surface and fathered children there because that was the function of the males on our trips to your world." 
"I thought as much. It is probable that they were infected on Earth but I can't say how. There you are, that is the situation. With cancer this advanced there is nothing that can be done to cure it. We may be able to reduce the pain a little, but that's all." 
"Do our males suffer pain?” 
"Yes, Fejoq, I'm afraid they do, even if they were reluctant to admit to it." 
"So," Nikki ventured, "unless the situation is different in the other cities, we are the only hope for Aupesian survival in any form?" 
Masaya seemed to shrink in her seat. Suddenly she looked old and defeated, her eyes cast down to the floor. 
"It is no different. Without your help we are no more." 
"Jodie is right, isn't she, Pete?” Nikki looked just a little desperate as she asked him. 
"There's no doubt. We can create genetic compatibility now we know about the work the Aupesians had done on humans. It will be successful, but I'm not sure about the lifespan of the offspring. My best guess would be that it will exceed ours." 
"So as soon as Jodie gives us the all clear we can start?" 
"Crudely put, but yes.” 
"You see, Masaya, all isn't lost. I know that the research carried out when your people visited Earth was intended to be for human benefit, but because they did that research you have a chance of survival. I know you won't always be pure Aupesian, but surely it's better than the alternative?" 
Masaya agreed, but with little enthusiasm. Nikki could sympathise with her position, knowing that these proud people could not survive without what was, after all, alien help. They had agreed between them that volunteers would be sought for duties in the Silomiala and that Aupesians would be able to join human families but it was unlikely that the depression into which Masaya was sinking would be lifted easily. Nikki decided to leave Jodie's team at Botijjo #2 to complete their work while she flew back to Gifford. 
She needed to start getting her own people used to the idea that much closer integration with the Aupesians was going to happen. 
On the flight back she was very quiet and even Alison, who sometimes could be blissfully unaware of other people's feelings, was merely quietly supportive of Nikki, who she regarded not only as a friend but also as the wisest counsel the little group of human settlers had. Nikki seemed unaware of their having landed at Gifford until Alison sat next to her. 
"What can I do to help?" she asked gently. 
"Oh, nothing, really. I'm just worried that I've over-committed us without talking to everybody first. I don't see what else I could have done though. Look, if you want to help me, see if you can find Bryn, Louise and Fiona. Tell them I need to see them now and I can't wait until the leaders' meeting. " 
Alison set off on her errand, leaving Nikki alone in the aircraft. She sat quietly for a long time, deep in thought, but wasn't at all sure she'd reached any conclusions when she finally walked across to her office. 
Her three fellow community leaders were already there when she walked in. Immediately Bryn leapt up and led Nikki to her chair. 
"Very solicitous, Bryn. The idea of family life must appeal to you." 
"Well," he mumbled, "actually, when you came in I thought you looked awful. White." 
"You do, you know," Louise added, "and it's because you're flying about and not telling anyone very much. It's overwork and you're not letting any of us share the load, whatever it is." 
"If you're concerned about me I appreciate it," Nikki replied without much conviction, "but in a little while you might not think I deserve it." 
"Does that mean," asked Fiona, “that we're finally going to find out what's at the bottom of these rumours that are going round?" 
"What rumours?" Nikki looked genuinely puzzled. 
"Once you wouldn't have needed to ask. Some people seem to think that we're going to have Aupesians living with us and some of us are going to live with them to create a sort of hybrid race. We," Fiona said, looking at Louise and Bryn in turn, "haven't been able to say anything because we don't know anything. I know you're doing a difficult job better than any of us could do, but we need to know what's going on." 
"I know. This is exactly why you're here. Perhaps I should start at the beginning, although you'll know some of what I'm going to say. You're quiet, Bryn, nothing to say?" 
"I know what Louise and Fiona mean and sometimes I feel awkward because I'm asked questions and I don't know the answers. But I trust you to do whatever is best." 
"Thanks, but as I said you might want to revise your opinion. We know that the Aupesians live much longer than we do, and that Masaya for one has been to Earth. We now know that the few remaining males have also been there. The Aupesians do not have any diseases because they eradicated them generations ago, before they took to space, and were unprepared for disease when they went to Earth. They've had interstellar travel for three thousand years, but our diseases practically wiped them out when they started having regular close contact with us on Earth. They were on the surface of the planet over two thousand years ago, but now admit they were wrong to set themselves up as icons, providing what they saw as an ideal life for humans to follow. That experiment ended with us fighting each other over differing interpretations of one ideal. We made gods of the Aupesians. 
"They took a long time to construct another experiment to help us overcome our tendency to kill each other. This, it seems, took the form of genetic modification which allowed Aupesians to live on Earth and produce children fathered by human males. Over a long period the influence of the Aupesians would lead to the Earth becoming a peaceful planet, but our last war brought the process to a dramatic halt. 
"Disease was brought back here and very few people now remain. We know now that all the males at Botijjo #2 are infertile because of cancer and are assuming that the same will be true of the other cities on this and the other continent. My feeling is that our race is responsible, just as we were responsible for extinctions of so many species on Earth before the war and for that war which made Earth uninhabitable. I don't think there can be a worthwhile counter-argument. Because of the Aupesian experiment and our engineering skills in repairing the equipment they have, we are in a position to prevent the extinction of the Aupesians. Without our help the Aupesian race will die out, there is no doubt about that unless our assumptions about the other cities are wrong. 
"Perhaps I have exceeded my authority, but I have promised Masaya that we will give whatever help we can to them. In practice, there is nothing we can do to save the pure Aupesian race because we are too late. But we can act to save their culture and their, um, heritage, I suppose is the right word." 
Nikki paused in her narrative and looked at her small but extremely attentive audience. She was worried about their reactions to the agreements that she had already committed to with Masaya and knew that she should have consulted fully with these three colleagues and friends. But the deed was done, and now she had to win their approval. Far too much depended upon how she chose her words in the next few minutes. 
"We've met some of the Roxtamol here, and there are the Vixtamol back in the city and those of us who have been up there have met some of them. I think we're all pretty much agreed that we like these people, aren't we?" 
Three heads nodded without hesitation. 
"The Aupesian way of expanding their population, of procreation, is very different to ours. There is a third class, the Silomiala, who are the breeding stock who have all the children. Neither the Roxtamol nor the Vixtamol breed. We may not approve, but that's the way it's always been done here. They have agreed that they can't expect our help if they insist on maintaining only their own ways and are unwilling to adapt at all to ours. Given that agreement, what I have suggested to Masaya is this now that Jodie's team can recreate the genetic modifications that allow procreation between species. Firstly, we will allow those Aupesians who want to do so to join our families. There are relationships forming that could become families - Pete and Zeftio, for instance, or maybe Gordon and Ussida. I would want an Aupesian to join my own family, as I think I should set an example, and Alison is happy with the idea. I know it might be a surprise, Bryn, but we'll talk about it later." 
"I've no objection in principle. Go on." 
"Thanks. But we'll still talk about it. Anyway, I don't think it would be right for us to take Aupesians into our families as equals without accepting that their ways are just as important as our own. The other suggestion that Masaya has accepted is that we provide volunteers to work in the Silomiala system for short periods. I appreciate it puts a lot of pressure on us, although it will fall mostly on our men. Having said that, nothing is compulsory and we'll rely entirely on people volunteering either to include Aupesians in their families or to help in the Silomiala. 
"There you are. I've said my piece and I accept I can be criticised for going too far without the community's support but I've done what I think is right. Anybody disagreeing need take no part in helping these people to survive." 
Nikki had deliberately omitted to mention the other Aupesian cities, thinking that what she had said was quite enough for the time being. She would, she thought, judge whether she dared bring this additional revelation out by the reaction she got from her audience. She knew Bryn would be totally supportive, but was considerably less sure of either Louise or Fiona. 
It was Fiona who spoke first, although she looked at Louise to see if she was going to say anything. Evidently she wasn't, just yet. 
"I suppose you've made promises rather than just suggestions. If you have we seem to be stuck with it although I don't see that as a real problem. We've already decided that we'd probably find volunteers. But, and I have to say that it's quite a big but, there is a body of opinion that seems to think that we ought to step back and look after ourselves. I'm not necessarily saying that I agree with that view but you can see how it might cause problems in the future." 
"Fiona's right, Nikki. Now and the next year or two won't be the problem. Those that don't want to become so involved with the Aupesians don't have to. A few years down the line we could have a situation developing that won't have an easy solution." 
"I think I know what you're going to say, but explain anyway." Nikki's tone was serious, not quite aggressive but certainly more stern than usual. 
"Well, think about it," Louise went on, "We'll have families with just pure human children, families with pure human and part Aupesian children and there'll be the half-human offspring of the Silomiala. It's going to be mighty tricky to keep a peaceful community." 
"Oh, come on, Louise! We know our own people and they are perfectly sensible. We know the Aupesians as well and they don't seem to have any aggressive tendencies at all. I know what you're saying, but I just can't see a problem developing - if anything, it'll bring us all closer." 
"Look," said Fiona quietly, "Louise and Bryn probably agree with me in thinking you're right and even if you're not we've got to do something and what you're suggesting is as good a compromise as we'll get. But there are those here in Gifford who might not share our views. I think you should have a long chat with one of the more vociferous campaigners and try to put a lid on this issue now, before it becomes divisive." 
"OK, who do you suggest I talk to?" 
"Scott Collins." There was no emotion in Louise's voice as she spoke the name, but it certainly affected Nikki. Images of that time on the beach made a sudden and unwelcome return to her mind. She felt as if she was colouring, hoped she wasn't and that, if she was, nobody would ask why. Come on, she told herself, say something. 
“Oh, right." She paused briefly, noticing the three others flicking glances at each other. "Well, somebody had better ask him to come and see me, then." It looked for a moment as if Fiona was going to say something more, but she obviously changed her mind. Instead she stood up, announced that she was going back to work and that she'd find Scott. 
"And don't worry," she said, smiling, "you'll deal with him easily enough." It didn't make Nikki feel any better. Louise also left, reassuring Nikki that she had her support. Bryn stayed in his seat, eventually speaking for the first time. 
"You seemed surprised when Scott was mentioned as a dissenting voice." 
"Did I? Perhaps it's because I've always thought that he, well, didn't have any strong opinions." 
"Is that all?" 
"Of course. What else could it be?" 
"Something about not joining his family because there wasn't room for an Aupesian, perhaps?" 
"All right, Bryn, how did you know?" 
"I take an interest in my family-to-be. I heard he wasn't too pleased about something you'd done so I asked him. He told me you'd turned him down and why. I'm not surprised he's against closer co-operation." 
"How many people has he told?" 
"I don't think he's told anyone. He might have said that you and he had a disagreement to a few people, but he's only told me what actually happened. He did say you were as nice as you could be about it, so I don't think there's any real animosity there. I reckon all you've got to do is find out what the basis of his objection is so you can shoot it down." 
"Maybe. Do you object to any of what I said?" 
"No. I can see the logic behind what you're trying to do and I'm happy to do my bit. As long as we all get on together I don't see a problem in the family. Putting our men into their system seems perfectly reasonable if those that go volunteer. It's only for a few days at a time, isn't it?" 
"Mm. Bryn, can we organise some sort of communication system? I'd like to be able to find people without rushing all over Gifford, and it would be useful to be able to contact Botijjo #2 without having to fly up there, particularly when we've got people up there and Aupesians down here." 
"It would be difficult with what we've got here. We didn't bring any communication equipment from Earth - as you know, we didn't need it. With the amount of technology the Aupesians have had in the past, I'd be surprised if there isn't suitable equipment in Botijjo #2 somewhere. It probably doesn't work, but if we find some we can probably fix it." 
"Good. Do you want to go up there and see what you can find when I go back?" 
"Sure. Now I must get back to work. Our house won't build itself." Bryn gave Nikki's shoulder an affectionate, reassuring squeeze as he left her office. In the silence after his departure she sat thinking of her forthcoming meeting with Scott. Nothing of any possible use occurred to her. 
Nikki wasn't really aware of time passing, coming back to reality only when she heard someone coming in. There was a gentle knock on her office door, then Scott appeared. 
"You wanted to see me?" His smiling face seemed somehow comforting. 
"Yes, thanks for making some time for me. Look, it's about our ideas for helping the Aupesians. They're staring extinction in the face, but you seem to think, so I'm told, that we shouldn't help them. I thought if we sat down and had a chat we could clear up any misunderstandings." Scott's reaction was to laugh as he pulled up a chair. 
"That's a harsh charge! All I've said is that perhaps we shouldn't rush into cosy little arrangements with people we know nothing about." 
"I'd hardly say we know nothing about them. They've been very open." 
"OK, next to nothing. There's an awful lot we don't know. Unless you're keeping things to yourself." 
"Not intentionally. What do you want to know?" 
"For a start, how many of them are there? Not just here, but in the other cities we've heard about. Why has their technology collapsed? Why didn't they see this problem coming? Will that do for now?" 
"I'm not sure I can give you complete answers, but I'll try. At Botijjo #2 there are less than a hundred, of which five, I think, are male. None of those males is fertile, so if they are to survive there they need to import males. Their technological skills were lost as a result of disease brought back from Earth, and they didn't foresee their problems as they couldn't foresee that a supposedly advanced culture like us on Earth would have dedicated so much to the conquest of space while disease was still rife on the planet. Here, of course, they'd eradicated all disease before they even thought of ways to travel in space. 
"Of course, as you say, there are other cities both on this continent and on Sarrijjo. None of us have yet been to these other cities but we are told that the situation is just as bad - some cities have a few more survivors, some less. Almost an entire species has been obliterated because our ancestors were more motivated to get into space than they were to find ways of keeping themselves alive and free of disease. I'm a human, just like our ancestors, and I feel a sense of guilt about what has been done to these people even if those ancestors were unaware of what they were doing. We are now on Aupes and in a position to make some sort of reparation for the harm done to these people. I intend to do whatever I can to deliver help, but as a mere woman I can do nothing personally." 
"Your points are well made, but there are a couple of things you should consider before you commit others to something you can't do yourself. You were, I think, in charge of selecting people to come here before we left Earth, am I right?" 
"Yes. So?" 
"So, you chose people on the grounds of skill, presumably, and the ratio of men to women had some reason to it, whether or not that reason is one that we all agree was correct?" Nikki nodded in reply. "It follows that the mix of gender is going to be blown out of proportion by including Aupesians in human families, more so if we send some of our men off to the Aupesian fertilisation camps. Had you thought of that?" 
"Yes, Scott, I had. What else should I consider?" 
“Never mind what else for the moment. When you thought about it, you must have drawn some conclusions. I'd be interested in hearing what they were." 
"Before I give you the conclusion I came to, let me ask you a few simple questions. There are only three and the first is this. What is the gestation period of a human baby?" 
"Nine Earth months.” 
"Correct. And for an Aupesian?" 
"I don't know, but I'd guess maybe a bit longer?" 
"It is in fact about ten Aupesian months. Now, my third question. Within a normal family environment, however you choose to define normal, how often would you, Scott Collins, expect to have sex?" Nikki sat back as she watched Scott trying to counter her implied argument. He was evidently having some difficulty. 
"Are you telling me that because I, as a fairly typical male, am physically able to fertilise females at regular intervals I should extend my family or volunteer to go to those baby farms?" 
"No, I am not, under any circumstances, telling you that you should do that. What I am saying is that the division between males and females in our original plan was based solely on two criteria, being the expected need for certain skills and the certain need to procreate quickly. If you choose to volunteer your services to the Aupesian Silomiala so be it, but if you choose not to I and everyone else will respect your decision and your honesty in making it. If you invite an Aupesian to be part of your family I will be delighted, but no more so than if you decide on a wholly human family. I am not going to tell you that there are services you must perform for our hosts on this planet, as the performance of those services must be undertaken willingly. Am I putting your mind at rest?" 
"Give me time to think about what you've said, then I'll tell you. If nothing else, you're making sense." 
"And the other thing I should have considered?" 
"Children. We'll have humans and half-humans. Doesn't that worry you?" 
"I have to be honest and say that it does, a little. I think, though, that we're all capable of smoothing over any tensions that might arise in the future but it is something that we all need to be very aware of. The two societies must inevitably integrate and this is the start. It's been forced on us and the management of that integration will be a massive challenge. There is one thing that I am sure of, Scott. I, and others who must make decisions affecting us all, must be fully aware of opinions that we don't necessarily share and must take them into account. We simply can't afford to have bad feeling brewing just because of a lack of communication. This talk has taught me that much." 
"I'm glad we've achieved something. I'd like to go away and think about what you've said and the implications. I feel happier having spoken to you and I reckon the others who were worried will appreciate knowing your reasons for doing what you've done. I'll make sure they know." 
Scott levered himself out of his chair and, with a friendly wink, was gone. Nikki slumped back, feeling utterly exhausted. She felt she'd coped well enough with the points Scott had raised but she'd felt uneasy all the time she was talking to him. It would have been so much easier if it had been anyone but Scott……. 


CHAPTER 13 
It had taken Nikki a little while to get over her meeting with Scott. She had discussed the outcome with Bryn, of course, and with both Fiona and Louise. It seemed to them all that, as the next few days passed, Scott's opposition to Nikki's agreement with Masaya abated, and the first shoots of dissent appeared to wither and die. By the time a week had passed the odd feeling that Nikki had experienced when she had been alone with Scott had been consigned to the depths of her memory. 
Bryn had spent a couple of days up at Botijjo #2 and came back bringing the news that Jodie and her team felt they were ready to take their first volunteers. Nobody yet knew what would happen under genetic alteration, Nikki keeping a fear that had crossed her mind very much to herself. She didn't have any time to brood as Bryn had also brought communications equipment. He sounded proud as he sat with Nikki explaining what he had been able to achieve. 
"There's enough for all of us, both here and up there, to have a communicator each. They are powerful enough to reach Botijjo #2 with no problem, once I've got them all working and the relay system is back on line." 
"Relay system?" 
"It's a computerised switching system. If, say, you want to call me your call is routed to the relay, and that sends it on to me. It's all voice-activated, too. Very clever stuff that I wouldn't have thought of, but really quite simple once you get the hang of it." 
"OK, I'll take your word for it. When will the system be operating?” 
"If all goes well, another couple of days. Then I can use the basic technology to create a radio system like the one we had back on Earth, but a bit more sophisticated. We might even be able to have entertainment on the radio - music, even." 
"Great! Sometimes I think we're bogging down, like last week with opposition to more integration, but then we make a leap forward and I feel much more positive. Being selfish, though, what about the house? I see the shell every day, but it's no nearer being finished. I want us to move in soon, Bryn." 
"But you don't see what's going on inside. A few people offered to help and it'll be ready soon enough, you see." 
The idea of domesticity gave Nikki a pleasant, warm feeling, knowing that soon she, Bryn and Alison would be living together as a family with an Aupesian. Involuntarily she compared the warmth of the feeling with the heat generated by her meetings with Scott and she genuinely believed that brief intensity didn't match up to what she felt for those shortly to be her family. 
The single most important matter, in Nikki's mind, was to find a couple of volunteers to work in the Silomiala. She couldn't think of a sensible way of finding them so decided to rely on Louise and Fiona to make some sensible suggestions. Nikki spent the next hour of a warm afternoon strolling around Gifford, passing the time of day with several people. For the first time in weeks she felt that everyone was happy to see her. It made a pleasant change. 
Of Fiona she could find no sign, but eventually bumped into Louise and explained her problem. 
"I think you've got to be direct about it, Nikki," Louise said in her most confident tone. "Decide who you think would be likely to accept and the come right out and ask." 
"Fine, but who do you think is likely to want to go?" 
"That young engineer, Doug Knox, for one. He's kept himself to himself far too much ever since we arrived here and I think it's because he's shy around women. It could be the making of him. Then there's Pierre." 
"Pierre Descartes, the vet?" 
"That's him. He's got no attachments here as far as I know." 
"And he's quite friendly with Doug. I’ll ask Fiona about him and check with Bryn about Doug. Unless either raises objections I'll have a word with both of them. Thanks, Louise." 
Nikki left Louise to her work and wondered where she might find Bryn or Fiona. She stumbled across Bryn, quite literally, as she passed the house he was building for their family and he emerged from the drains at the same time, almost sending her flying. Instead of her asking him about Doug she was dragged into the house to be shown that it was just about finished. It was quite obvious that a great deal of care had gone into it and that many people had helped. Bryn listed them, to Nikki's disbelief. 
"You mean all those helped with our house?" 
"They did, because they all think you deserve the best. The rest of us, me and Alison, are just lucky." 
"It's just about perfect. When do we all move in?" 
"As soon as we've committed, like the other families. But you wanted to be the first to welcome an Aupesian into one of our families and you're going to have to be quick. Gordon's got plans, and Pete." 
"OK. We'll have a talk with Alison and see if we can decide who we should ask. Which brings me to something I wanted to ask you. I was thinking of asking Doug Knox to volunteer for the Silomiala. Will he do it?” 
"Let me ask him. I think he will, if I'm tactful enough. When do you want to know? Yesterday, I suppose." 
"Well, let's just say as soon as you can," Nikki replied, smiling. She took Bryn's arm as they carried on strolling around the house, trying out the furniture that had already been put in. As she left both the house and Bryn a few minutes later, Nikki reflected that it was the first time Bryn had actually kissed her, and that she was quite looking forward to the next. 
Within an hour Nikki had finally located Fiona, secured her agreement to an approach being made to Pierre, found him and, perhaps a little clumsily, put to him the possibility of him going up to Botijjo #2 and the Silomiala. He agreed willingly enough, but Nikki hadn't told him yet about the need for genetic alteration. She couldn't put it off any longer. 
"There's one important thing you need to know before you give your final agreement. Because we and the Aupesians are very different there is a need for genetic adjustment. The Aupesians could and did do it over two hundred years ago and we've recreated the means. You'd have to be prepared to undergo that adjustment." 
"If it’s necessary and safe I’ll agree to it. Who will be doing it?" 
"We’ve got a team up at Botijjo #2 now, and it will be in their hands." 
"You mean Jodie and the others? She’s sensible enough. OK, you’ve got a volunteer." 
Nikki was delighted that she had her volunteer, and if Bryn had been as successful she would be able to live up to the promises that she had made to Masaya. That evening, to Nikki's even greater satisfaction, Bryn told her that Doug was willing to join Pierre, and yes, he had explained about the genetic changes that were necessary. 

The next morning Alison flew Nikki, Doug and Pierre away from Gifford towards Botijjo #2. The two men were sitting in the passenger compartment, laughing and joking a little nervously, giving Nikki the opportunity to talk to Alison about an Aupesian member of the family. 
"I've been thinking about that, and had intended to talk to Patlu when we get up there. She's quiet, but bright and is actually quite funny when you get her talking. I don't know if Bryn's met her, though." 
"It's a pity we didn't think to drag him along, but he still has the last few bits and pieces to do to the house. I know her, though, and she's a lovely girl. Perhaps we'll just ask her and tell Bryn later, shall we?" Alison shared Nikki's conspiratorial giggle as they agreed that this would be what they would do. 
Plisfou met them when they arrived, looking rather grave. She explained to a concerned Nikki that Masaya was unwell and had only a short time to live. Pete Webster had offered to help but had been unable to find any cause for Masaya's decline. The little group hurried to Masaya's building, leaving Doug and Pierre with Jodie at the laboratory on the way. 
Masaya looked weak, but was visibly pleased to see Nikki. She was even more pleased when she learned that two volunteers were here and that they would be working in the Silomiala for a few days. Plisfou was very attentive and was reluctant to allow Alison and Nikki to stay long, ushering them out once Nikki had told Masaya of the volunteers. Once outside, Plisfou led the visitors to her own small apartment in the same building. 
"It is," Plisfou said, "a long time since any of us died, but it is Masaya's time. The changes that we must make have made it difficult for her to go on. This I understand, and I hope you will bear Masaya no ill-will." 
"How could I? If anything, I feel guilt on behalf of my ancestors who gave you nothing but disease." 
"I say what I say because we reach an age which Masaya has reached and are then able to end our lives at will. She has chosen to do so because she feels that she has seen the end of our race. She feels shame." 
"Ill-will is the last feeling I would have, Plisfou. I have come to like and respect Masaya, and know her to be a courageous person. I think I understand what she feels and in a human it would take great courage to do what she is doing. I will mourn her death, but will always respect her and am proud to have been able to call her my friend. How long does she expect to live?" 
"Perhaps two, but no more than four, days. I know she is happy that you are here and will be happy to know that you will attend the disposal of her body. Only you, I, Fejoq and Masyayi will attend." Plisfou fell silent, Nikki being unable to think of anything appropriate to say to her proud friend. The silence was awkward, but didn't last long. 
"Perhaps we should see how your volunteers are?" now smiling, much more like her normal self. 
"Yes, I think so," Nikki replied, "and I would like to see Fejoq if I can. There’s something I need to talk to her about." 
"Very well, I will see that she is found for you. Come, let us go down to Jodie." 
They walked in silence, giving Nikki a chance to reflect on what Plisfou had told her about Masaya. She realised slowly that Masaya was taking her own life because of what had happened to her people and, Nikki guessed, because she didn't want to see the results of the only actions that could now allow the Aupesian race to survive in any form. Masaya was pure Aupesian and, Nikki assumed, wanted to die while all her people were similarly pure. It was a supreme sacrifice, but to Nikki a meaningless waste of a life. But, she told herself, she must respect Aupesian ways and customs and if this was what Masaya had chosen to do she, along with the people of Botijjo #2, must accept it. These thoughts didn't help her to come to terms with the imminent loss of a friend, but did give her a shield behind which she hoped to be able to hide her real emotions. 
Nikki's mind was still churning at the thought of Masaya's approaching death as she and Plisfou entered the laboratory where Jodie and her team hoped to create new life. Doug and Pierre were being told by Jodie exactly what would happen to them and seemed happy enough with the explanations. As soon as Jodie stopped talking Nikki drew her aside. 
"There's one thing that's been worrying me, but I'm sure you can put my mind at ease. Once you make the alterations to the genes will it be permanent?" 
"Good grief no! The process doesn't affect the production of sperm nor the genetic composition of the individual chromosomes. It will only alter the material waiting, as it were, to be ejected, and even then we think it will only be effective for two days at the most. The timescale we've given the boys to work in is this. Firstly they must be celibate for two days before treatment, OK, then the treatment takes a few hours to become fully effective. So, we wait for six hours after treatment then give them fifteen hours to, er, perform. Then they must stay celibate for at least three days before going back to having intercourse with a human female or being treated again here. There's no possibility of changing them permanently. Of course, this will work reasonably well here, but will be more difficult to get right in a family situation. We may, given some experience, be able to shave the recovery times down to adapt the process for families." 
"I see. Thanks, Jodie. I knew you'd have a sound answer." 
"Well, it's an answer to the precise question you asked. Whether it answers the one you didn't ask is another matter." 
"The one I didn't ask? Which was what?" 
"Physically there isn't a problem, at least not that we know about. I've wondered about attitudes in the long term and what could happen once the children - the products of these experiments - are growing up neither one thing nor the other. It's going to be difficult." 
"Yes, I know. But we have to do what we're doing, don't we?" 
"All I can say is that I don't see too many choices. You were in a position to decide and the decision has been made. I'm just glad it wasn't me that had to face the dilemma." 
Nikki heard Jodie's words, but they made little impact at the time. Her mind was full with thoughts of Masaya's life ebbing rapidly away and the imminent beginnings of new lives. There would be time later, back at Gifford, to consider the potential difficulties that Jodie had raised. It was now time to reassure herself that Doug and Pierre were still willing to go on with the experiment - at that moment anything else had to wait. 
Both Nikki and Plisfou were satisfied by what the volunteers had said, and permission was given for the treatment to go ahead. The tension that Nikki felt as she gave the permission would, she realised suddenly, be with her until - until when? She didn't know. 
As if she knew that Nikki was troubled, Plisfou touched her shoulder comfortingly and smiled. 
"It will be well, my friend. We must have faith in what my people discovered, and in the skills of your people in putting those discoveries to work." 
"I have faith, Plisfou, but it is a human failing to worry when there is no need." 
"I cannot help you overcome the weaknesses of your kind, just as you cannot change the faults of we Aupesians. I hope that our offspring will be better. Now, you wanted Fejoq and she is here." 
Nikki thanked Plisfou, who didn't seem at all concerned about Nikki's reasons for wanting to talk privately to Fejoq. Once they had separated themselves from the others Nikki looked into Fejoq's open, friendly face, relieved to see that the sparkle was still there, suggesting a permanent willingness to laugh. 
"I'm not sure how to ask you this," Nikki started nervously, trying to tell herself not to be so silly, "but as I'm sure you know I'd discussed with Masaya, as well as volunteers working in the Silomiala, the possibility of some of your people joining with us in families. Well," Nikki was aware that she was speaking quickly but it was the only way she could hide her nervousness, “I am joining with Alison and Bryn, and we want to ask Patlu to join us. It means she will be the first Aupesian to live permanently at Gifford, but there will be others soon." 
"I know of these discussions, yes." It seemed that Fejoq was actually trying hard to suppress a laugh. "If it is what Patlu wants to do I am happy that she goes to live with you. She will have babies?" 
"I hope so, but I know that this would not happen in your society as she is a member of the Vixtamol, not the Silomiala." 
"As Masaya has said to you, Nikki, we need to change if we are to survive. Those of us who still live after Masaya has ended her life must make those changes work. It is good." 
Nikki was hugely relieved at what Fejoq had said, but suddenly felt the need to sit as her head swam, the room seeming to spin around her. More or less instantly, it seemed to her, she was lying on the floor with Plisfou, Jodie and Fejoq bending over her looking worried. 
"She's coming round," Nikki heard Jodie say, “Help me get her into a chair." 
"What happened?" Nikki's voice sounded distant. 
"You fainted. I guess it's because you're exhausted. Now you just sit there and rest until you're told otherwise." 
Jodie left Nikki and took Plisfou and Fejoq aside, where Nikki could hear nothing of their conversation. 
"You say she fainted - I do not understand." Plisfou’s concern was clear. 
"Well, it's a temporary loss of consciousness caused by a sudden inadequate supply of blood to the brain. It isn't serious but I should get Pete to have a look at her. She'll certainly have to stay here for a few days - can that be arranged?" 
"Of course. Come, take her to my room where she can rest." Plisfou returned to Nikki, with Jodie and Fejoq following. "Now, my friend," she continued, "you are to remain here and rest in my apartment, I think you call it. I will help you and your doctor, Pete, will come." 
Plisfou's tone sent a clear message to Nikki that she had better not object, so she allowed herself to be supported as the four of them walked slowly to Plisfou's apartment. By the time Pete Webster arrived to examine Nikki, she was deeply asleep. 
"It's the best thing for her," he said, "and I'll look in again in an hour or so. Now let's leave her in peace." He ushered the others out, staying with Plisfou in the apartment while Fejoq and Jodie went back to the laboratory. Jodie busied herself preparing her volunteers while Fejoq sought out Alison to tell her that there were no objections to Patlu joining a family. 
Nikki didn't wake until late the next morning, finding Pete sitting at the foot of Plisfou's bed. 
"Good morning," he said brightly, "and how is my patient this morning?" 
"Feeling very silly. Fainting! What would Sarah Gifford have said!" 
"I'll tell you. You're stressed out. Just for my own satisfaction, tell me what has been occupying your mind recently." 
"Not a great deal, really. My joining with Bryn and Alison, of course, and getting the Aupesians to accept the idea of Patlu joining us. The work here has I suppose been concerning me, but so much depends on success. Masaya's situation was a blow, as well." 
"OK. Let me translate all that. You're in the process of making the biggest decision about your own life since we arrived here and it's complicated by your need to give a lead in inter-species family life. That's enough for anyone - anyone normal, that is - to worry about. But you have taken it upon yourself to be the saviour of the Aupesian race and feel you must accept responsibility for the situation they're in and our attempts to help. But you'd give any credit for progress to others, keeping the blame for yourself if there are any difficulties or setbacks. Then you come here and find that Masaya is dying. It isn't your fault but it's affecting you far more than you've admitted, isn't it?" 
"Perhaps.” The admission was grudging. 
"It is, there's no 'perhaps'. You must take things easier once you're up and about again." 
"I'm going to be up and about in a few minutes and... " 
"No you're not," Pete interrupted angrily, "because if you don't have a decent rest it's going to happen again and it'll be worse next time. You'll stay right where you are today and we'll see tomorrow if you can get up for a couple of hours. I'm the doctor, you're the patient and for once you'll do as you're told. You're going to ask if Bryn knows about this and at the moment he doesn't. He will later because Alison is flying back with Patlu - she'll be landing at Gifford in a few minutes - to tell him about you, explain that Patlu's joining your family and to show her the house. You're also going to ask about Doug and Pierre, and they're fine. There's been no reaction at all to Jodie's treatment and they'll be going over to the Silomiala later. And Masaya's no worse today and will still be with us tomorrow. So there's nothing for you to do even if I did let you get up, except get in the way. Now I'll have a good look at you and then you can have a late breakfast in bed." 
Very reluctantly Nikki agreed to obey the doctor's orders, having been pronounced simply over-tired after his examination. Pete and Plisfou served Nikki's breakfast to her, proving to her in the process that the surplus produce being brought to Botijjo #2 from Gifford was not only being used but was also being well cooked by the Aupesians. Nikki sat in bed reflecting that she was on an alien planet eating eggs and bacon from animals whose ancestors had come from Earth and which had been cooked by an alien being who until recently had never seen such food. Perhaps, she thought, we are making progress after all. 


CHAPTER 14 
Several hours earlier that morning Jodie had carefully measured out the genetic alteration treatments that Doug and Pierre were to receive. She had her work checked by both human and Aupesian colleagues, as well as checking it herself, before deciding that she was satisfied that everything was correct. When the volunteers arrived the treatment was administered by injection, which later Doug described as hideously painful and Pierre as merely embarrassing, and they were then carefully monitored for the next six hours. 
All bodily functions were watched in detail, being compared to control data taken the previous day. Doug's pulse rate had risen a little initially, but it fell back to a normal level quickly enough for Jodie and Pete to be unconcerned. Urine samples were taken and compared throughout the morning but nothing untoward was discovered. Everything looked set for the two volunteers to be sent to the Silomiala. 
Masyayi, the Omiakique, arrived later in the morning, itself a rare event as only very occasionally did she leave her own domain. Since Pete had diagnosed her last remaining males as infertile Masyayi had really had little to do and her unexpected appearance in the laboratory seemed to be a manifestation of her excitement at the imminence of further matings. 
Shortly after Masyayi arrived Pierre complained of feeling unwell, and Pete noted a very slight increase in his body temperature. Mild panic ensued for a couple of minutes as Doug was checked but showed no similar symptoms. Pete took Pierre out, returning a few minutes later to announce that it seemed only to have been a mild attack of nerves, cured by a short walk in the fresh air. 
Time dragged slowly by, the predetermined six hour mark being passed, but Jodie still would not release her volunteers. She and her team checked and rechecked everything that could be measured. Eventually, by mid-afternoon, Pete decided that nothing more could possibly be done to ensure that the volunteers were healthy. 
"Look," he said quietly to Jodie, "we can do nothing more here. Anyway they're getting fed up with just sitting around. The time has come." 
"I suppose you're right. Let's send them off, but pray to whatever deity you believe in that we've missed nothing." Pete just smiled a hopefully reassuring smile. 
"Pierre, Doug, I just want a word with Masyayi then you'll be on your way.” Pete turned to Masyayi and sat looking pensive. 
"Nikki told me about the way you do things in the Silomiala. It's very different to anything these two men have experienced before, so don't be disappointed if they have any, er, difficulties in doing what you want them to do. They will eventually do things in your way and you must not let them even suggest changes to your methods. They've been told what is expected of them today." 
"I will treat them well. I hope that each will be able impregnate two of my females, but I will not press them. I hope for success. Do you wish to attend?" 
"No, we all think it better if Pierre and Doug are the only humans there. The only other thing I can say is good luck." 
Pete then turned to the volunteers, unsure of what to say in this situation, which suddenly struck him as bizarrely comical. 
"Look, you've both been told what will happen, but it'll probably come as a bit of a shock when you actually start sort of, well, getting down to it. Do it their way, don't pass comment and do the best you can. You've got twelve hours and with a bit of luck you can both come away with two pregnancies to your names. Any questions?" 
Both shook their heads as Masyayi came to take them under her supervision. Pete withdrew as she and the two volunteers talked for quite a few minutes before handshakes heralded their departure. Masyayi led them out, leaving silence in the laboratory. 
Jodie looked around at her team. Nina, Zeftio, Pete, Jikeg, Bezali and Kirsten. Only Patlu of those who had worked on the project was missing. They all looked tired and, she had to admit, uninterested in what awaited their two volunteers. She knew it was a false impression, but it still conveyed that image. In the silence, Jodie's thoughts drifted on to Nikki and the contribution she had made to this moment. It must, she thought, have taken courage to agree to help the Aupesians without knowing that the work had already been done, and it certainly showed a huge amount of faith in the people she had selected to come from Earth. No, she thought, she most definitely would not have liked to have had to face that decision. It helped, of course, that Nikki and Masaya seemed to get on so well. Or had got on, she corrected herself, suddenly remembering that Masaya was on her deathbed, apparently feeling unable to oversee the dilution of the Aupesian species once she had taken the inevitable step of allowing the interbreeding to begin. Jodie thought she understood Masaya's position and suddenly felt very, very sad. Nikki was right, though, when she said that there was no alternative and it did no-one any good to speculate whether Nikki may have changed her mind if she'd realised that it would involve the death of her friend. On balance she decided that, even if Nikki had known that Masaya would make the decision to die, she would still have carried on. It was a heavy burden to bear, though, and for that reason there must be some positive results. She still had her concerns about the long-term future, but for those concerns to become reality short-term success was first necessary. 
Slowly the team members drifted away from the laboratory, presumably to find somewhere to sleep. That had been a rare luxury since they started work here. Soon only Bezali was left with Jodie, making tired efforts to clear away the detritus of days of non-stop work. 
"Leave that," Jodie told her, "there'll be time later, or tomorrow. Then we'll have to set up a production system so that measured doses are always ready." 
"But first we must see that Doug and Pierre are successful We will know that only when females are, I forget your word?" 
"Pregnant? True, and there's nothing much for us to do until we know that we do have pregnancies. Do you know how long it will be before Masyayi will be able to tell us?" 
"Not long, perhaps two days, or three. Almost as soon as one of the Silomiala becomes pregnant it is possible to tell from the kulgnik - the liquid waste from the body." 
"I see. We have a urine test as well. So, two or three days, and then we'll be back at work. Come on, let's pack up for now." 
"Perhaps you will come to my dijjixol, apartment in your language. It is small, but we can rest, eat and drink there." 
Jodie accepted the invitation happily, leaving the laboratory with just a brief thought about what might be happening to the volunteers. 

In fact they were feeling confident as they arrived with Masyayi for their stint in the Silomiala. She had counselled them well and they both felt, more so than ever before, that they knew what to expect and what was expected of them. So comprehensive was Masyayi's briefing as they walked towards her domain that both were having almost identical thoughts. She had stressed that the system in use had been researched and refined over hundreds of generations and now represented the most reliable way of ensuring the highest possible rate of successful matings. Both Doug and Pierre were becoming used to the term 'mating' being used, now feeling it to be more appropriate to the circumstances than they had originally thought. When it was first used Pierre in particular thought it desensitised a process that he had always believed to be loving, intimate and tender, but now in the Aupesian way he saw it merely as a means to an end. He fervently hoped he would still see it that way afterwards. Doug would, if asked, perhaps not have expressed the change in his feelings in quite the same way but his view of the process that he was shortly to be a part of was essentially the same - it was a means to an end and the end, in this case, justified the means. Unlike Pierre, Doug had yet to think about how he might feel after the event. 
Masyayi led them down the same corridor that Nikki had passed through, going right to the end where she entered a small, sparsely furnished room. It contained just three chairs and what passed for a washbasin. Pierre and Doug looked around and at each other with slightly bemused expressions but Masyayi spoke before either could say anything. 
"Please, prepare yourselves. You have clothing, which our males do not. Once it is removed we can begin. First, I take you, Pierre, then Doug. Afterwards you rest before you work again." 
Pierre was first to peel off his clothes, standing unashamedly naked. Doug followed, sitting equally naked as Masyayi, who seemed to be pleased so far with them, led Pierre out, closing the door behind her. 

It was mid-morning the next day before Doug and Pierre returned, eventually finding Pete in Plisfou's apartment. He didn't seem pleased to see them. 
"Did you have to come here? Nikki's in bed and I didn't want her disturbed." 
"Sorry. How is she?" Doug sounded contrite. 
"Tired, but much better today. I suppose she'll want to know how you got on now you're here." 
Nikki had been talking to Plisfou when she heard voices and asked Plisfou to find out who was there. As soon as Nikki learned it was her two volunteers she was out of bed and dressed, joining the others as if nothing had happened to her. 
"You're supposed to be in bed!" 
"Sorry, Doctor, but I want to hear what these two have to say. If I stayed in bed I'd just worry, wouldn't I?" 
Pete knew when he was beaten, so he just told Doug and Pierre to tell their story once Plisfou had provided them with cups of steaming akkuzu. 
"Well," said Pierre, "we've compared notes, of course - we stayed overnight so had plenty of time. We seem to have had pretty much the same feelings, and the same experiences. I'll tell you what happened first. 
"Masyayi seemed to be pretty pleased with us, telling us we are much bigger, where it counts, than the males she's used to dealing with. The actual job was easy enough, after all it can't be much easier than when your woman is both eager and restrained. We both managed to deal with two successfully while we were there, so I suppose the objective was achieved." 
"We've also talked about how we felt." Doug seemed to be a little more serious as he took over the narrative. "It is really an odd situation, and while, as Pierre says, we didn't have a problem in doing the job we both felt, oh, I don't know, not exactly dirty, more sort of used, I suppose. It's just that it's so clinical. The omia don't even seem to have names, or if they do we were never told them. You don't get to talk to them, just get in there, do what is necessary and get out. I think Pierre's right when he says we're bigger than their males because we might have hurt the women a bit, unintentionally of course. If we're right it's a point worth bearing in mind for any Aupesians joining our families." 
"We can tackle that problem easily enough," said Pete confidently, "whether for families or for future work in the Silomiala." 
"The crux question for me," Nikki said with a concerned look, "is whether you'd be prepared to go back and do it again." 
"We talked about that, as well. Individually we thought the answer would have to be no, and I know that if I'd come alone I would have said I wouldn't go back. Doug has said exactly the same." Doug nodded in agreement. “But there were two of us, so we could talk. Given the position these people are in, we both take the view that if this system has been good enough for them for a hundred generations or more it's good enough for us as long as we don't have families at Gifford. The next time will be easier, and we can help any other volunteers too." 
"That's terrific!" Nikki was ecstatic about their decision, but knew she had to temper her own enthusiasm. 
"I understand your concerns," she said after a brief pause, "but I hope you'll feel the same way once we know whether we have any pregnancies as a result of your efforts. I don't know when that will be - Pete?" 
"Jodie asked Bezali exactly that, and we'll know in just two or three days. If we have even one success it will be a major triumph." 
"I wonder," Plisfou said quietly, “if Masaya will be alive to hear." 
"It seems so tragic that two events, one so full of promise, the other so sad, should be so inextricably linked." Nikki seemed to shrink a little as she spoke. "Do you think that she would want to know the outcome?" 
"I think yes. But when we know you, Nikki, should be the one to tell her." 
"If you think I should, Plisfou, I will, of course." 
The next couple of days passed slowly, with an air of uncertainty arising from the wait for news about pregnancies and from the steady weakening of Masaya. Nikki sent her own people back to Gifford, and would have gone with them had Pete allowed her to travel. The high spot of those waiting days was Bryn's arrival, with Alison and Patlu. When they finally arrived at Plisfou's apartment Nikki was alone and becoming bored. Plisfou was taking Pete's advice seriously and was letting Nikki do as little as possible, but had now been away for a couple of hours and the appeal in yet another cup of akkuzu was now rather limited. 
Bryn's arrival at the apartment was a delightful surprise for Nikki, and that he had brought Alison and Patlu with him an even greater surprise. Unknown to Nikki, Patlu had been only too pleased to be invited to join Bryn's family, and more so when she learned that Nikki was to be part of that family. The initial concern that her visitors showed for Nikki quickly disappeared when she made it quite clear that she regarded herself less as a patient and more like a prisoner - she went as far as joking with Bryn that she needed to be broken out. 
Plisfou returned a little while after Bryn's arrival and was at first concerned to see that Nikki had visitors who might weaken her, but soon realised that her concern was unfounded. She was easily swept up in the happiness that surrounded Nikki, Bryn, Patlu and Alison, and their delight at the prospect of moving into their house. Patlu had by now seen it in its completed state and had been almost overcome by its space and facilities that she had previously not dreamed of. By Aupesian standards Plisfou's accommodation was spacious, but the apartments occupied by both the Vixtamol and Roxtamol were cramped. 
Bryn had wondered what he could do to lift Nikki's spirits, so he had decided with Alison and Patlu that their commitment document should be brought to Botijjo #2 and could be signed straight away. He was only a little deflated by Nikki's reaction. 
"We need to wait another day or so," she said, "because by then we'll know whether our Silomiala experiment has worked. As soon as Pete confirms that, I can't think of a better way of celebrating!" 
Plisfou looked pleased with Nikki's progress, and particularly that she seemed to have brightened up since her visitors arrived. She had no hesitation in allowing Nikki, against Pete's orders, to go out for the first time since her collapse. She watched the four of them disappear, and some element of Masaya's fears crept unbidden into her mind. She now realised that nothing on Aupes was ever going to be the same again and that Masaya's decision to end her life was not, as she had thought, because of shame or guilt. Plisfou knew now for sure that Masaya had taken her decision as a symbolic gesture of transition into a new age. It also explained with blinding clarity another decision that Masaya had made, known then only to Plisfou, Fejoq and Masyayi. 
Jodie, Nina, Pete and Kirsten returned to Botijjo #2 the next day to be on hand as soon as news came from the Silomiala. They had gathered in the laboratory with the Aupesian team members, and were joined by Bryn and his proposed family as extremely interested observers. Plisfou came and went, trying to deal with her normal work but not to miss anything as they all waited for Fejoq, who would bring the test results, to turn up. 
The morning came and went slowly as the laboratory was cleaned, more for something to do than out of any sense of duty on the part of Jodie and her team. Fejoq arrived early in the afternoon with Plisfou, who it seemed had been collected on the way. Her normally humorous expression was in place as she was suddenly bombarded with questions before Pete yelled for quiet to allow her to speak. 
"I have come from Masyayi. The tests have been performed and the results have just been given. Masyayi is delighted to report that two omia are carrying young." 
There was a spontaneous round of cheering and applause that seemed to last a long time, and Nikki noted particularly that both Fejoq and Plisfou appeared to be no less pleased than anyone else. She also took careful note of Bryn's reaction to the news, and wasn't entirely surprised to see him with tears of happiness running down his face. 
As the noise slowly subsided, Nikki held up her hands for quiet. It's now or never, she thought. 
"We know now that what we believed to be possible is indeed possible, thanks firstly to the skill of Aupesian scientists all those years ago, and secondly to the skills of the team put together here. I hope that the spirit of co-operation between Aupesians and humans that has now brought about this result is a good omen for the future because I now have two duties to perform. One I shall carry out as soon as I leave this room - " Nikki looked briefly at Plisfou with an expression that managed to convey both joy and desperate sadness - "but the other I shall do right now. Bryn has a piece of paper that needs four signatures - I'm going to enjoy watching him sign that paper as his commitment to a family made up of him, Alison, Patlu and myself." 
There were congratulations flowing around the new family as first Bryn, then Alison, then Patlu and finally Nikki signed the commitment to each other. Nikki knew as she signed that it was beyond any doubt the best thing she had ever done, coming as a result of so much effort on so many fronts by so many people. 
With the signing over she excused herself, as did Plisfou. Once outside the laboratory, Plisfou asked: "So you will now tell Masaya of the result?" 
"Yes." 
"Good. Please remember she is very weak and may not react as you expect, or may not react at all. Also, my friend, do not be surprised at what she has to tell you. I know what it will be. I, Fejoq and Masyayi all support it and I, on behalf of us all, beg you not to decline. Now go, there is little time." 
Somewhat mystified, Nikki left, arriving at Masaya's rooms swiftly and was admitted by one of the Vixtamol who she didn't recognise. Masaya was lying in her bed, clearly near death. Her appearance shocked Nikki and she approached the bed slowly and quietly, then stood still just looking at her friend's face. She was ashen, her skin having taken on an almost translucent aspect. Masaya seemed suddenly to become aware of a presence and her eyes opened. Nikki was startled by their clarity and sparkle, contrasting starkly with her face. 
"Nikki," Masaya said so quietly that her voice was nearly inaudible, "you have news?" 
"Yes. Masyayi has told us that we were successful with two omia. We are going to carry on so that there will be more pregnancies." 
"This is good." Masaya paused and breathed deeply, as if in pain, before continuing. "Now I have to tell you another of our ways here. It is a matter that I have discussed with Fejoq, Plisfou and Masyayi. This I must do before I decide who is to succeed me as Jukkakique." 
Masaya's eyes closed for a moment as she fought for breath before she was able to speak again. 
“It was agreed that my decision was right. You have brought your people here and have worked well in helping us to survive. It was hard for you to decide to do this. It is because of you that our race will continue and it is right that you, Nikki, become Jukkakique in my place. Masyayi does not help in running our city but Plisfou and Fejoq will assist you as they have assisted me. May the years to come treat you well." 
Masaya gripped Nikki's arm as Nikki leaned over her to reply, but with a last exhalation Masaya's life finally ended. Nikki's mind was simply blank and she sat for a long time beside the body of someone who, in a short time, had come to mean a great deal to her. She wondered if she regretted not telling Masaya about Patlu's agreement to joining her own family, but couldn't decide whether she was right to omit any mention of that event. As the minutes passed her mind slowly focussed on Masaya's appointment of her as the new Jukkakique - so that was what Plisfou had meant. Her first reaction was to decline, but Plisfou's words rang loud. She considered other people's reactions. Bryn? Louise? Fiona? This affected them and it affected the whole colony at Gifford. The only thing of which she was certain was that she couldn't stay here. She knew nothing of Aupesian customs on death, but someone must be told that the end had come. She eased Masaya's cooling hand from her arm and stood, looking at Masaya's calm expression for the last time before turning away and leaving the room. 
Outside she found to her surprise Plisfou and Fejoq waiting. Neither spoke. 
"Masaya has died. I told her of the success in the Silomiala and she seemed happy. Then she spoke of her successor, but you knew what she was going to say. I need to think very carefully about whether I can accept." 
"You must accept. We need your skills, but we know that these will be freely given as they have already been given. More than this we need your guidance and your wisdom. So much will change and neither Fejoq nor I are able to control those changes as you will be able to." 
"All I can say now is that I need to talk to the people at Gifford; after all, they see me as their leader. If I have their approval I will accept, but I must have that approval." 
"I understand," said a rather sombre Plisfou, "and until you accept Fejoq will become Jukkakique, as is our custom. You have much to do with your new family, and they must also be happy for you to accept." 
"Yes, that's true. I think that Jodie and her team should stay here to carry on with their work, but I will go back to Gifford and make my decision. It won't take long. Now, let's get back to the laboratory and get things moving." 
The news of Masaya's death cast an air of gloom over the team in the laboratory, and even affected Nikki's family. She told everyone there of Masaya's decision and explained that she needed to think carefully before accepting. She was at pains to point out to Bryn, Alison and Patlu that their opinions were the most important and at Bryn's suggestion discussions were deferred until they arrived back at Gifford and the reaction of the community there could be gauged. The flight back was sombre, but Alison, despite piloting the aircraft, was able to lighten the mood a little. 
"Look," she said, "Masaya has done something that she believed was right. We've lost a friend and that's always sad but life goes on. She chose to die at a time when new life was being created, and that's a choice most of us don't have. The four of us now have to begin our own life together and carry on the work that's started so well. We've got our own house and that must become a refuge from everyday cares, particularly for Nikki and Bryn. Patlu and I can make sure that there's a stable base at home, can't we, Patlu?" 
"Yes. It is necessary for Bryn because he works hard and so many people need his skill at Botijjo #2 and Gifford. If Nikki becomes Jukkakique she will need our support. We will give it." 
"What do you think, Patlu? Should I accept?" 
"Yes," she replied without hesitation, "because only you can guide humans and Aupesians to become one community." 
The enormity of the task suddenly struck Nikki as a result of Patlu's choice of words. It was, after all, what she was trying to do without really realising that such a union was her ultimate goal. From that point she knew that she would argue for acceptance instead of being guided by the reactions of others. As she had already ignored their agreement to leave discussions until after their arrival at Gifford she thought she might as well find out what all her family thought now, rather than waiting. 
"OK," she said after a brief pause, "Patlu thinks I should accept and has said why. What about you, Alison?" 
"I agree. We've got to integrate and I can't think of anybody better to manage it. You may not know much about Aupesian customs, but it seems to me that Plisfou and Fejoq both respect you and will give you whatever help you need." 
"Another vote in favour. Bryn?" 
"A cautious yes, I think. You're needed at Gifford, but things can be adapted to give you more time to spend at Botijjo #2. You may end up less committed to the family than I might like, but we'll support you whatever you decide. On balance, I think you should accept. Although what the Aupesians will think of a pregnant Jukkakique is something to think about." Nikki was relieved to see that Bryn had said this with a smile, but it was a point worth taking seriously. 
Alison landed the aircraft in what had become the usual place behind the hull of KonTiki, the arrival being almost ignored as it had become a familiar sight. The new family strolled through the late afternoon sunshine to their house, being greeted happily by several people who all offered their congratulations on the formation of the family. Bryn had suggested leaving any discussion of Nikki's appointment with the others until the morning, giving them the evening to settle into the house. They spent some time moving their few personal possessions from KonTiki to the house and after a good dinner, which Patlu said was as good a reason as any for living in a human family, retired to bed. 

Nikki was at her desk early the next morning, talking to Bryn about communications. She was more anxious than ever to have a system working. 
"Everything is in place," Bryn said, "and all I've got to do is connect up the power supply to the relay. I can do that today and unless anything goes wrong we'll have the whole system available by tonight. Of course, it'll take a little while to get personal communicators around to everyone, but we'll get as many out today as we can, finish off tomorrow and then get them to everyone at Botijjo #2 as soon as we get back there." 
"Good. It'll be a huge help. Now, I should put Fiona and Louise in the picture and see what their reaction is about events up at Botijjo #2. I'm not looking forward to this." 
"Do you want me to find them and get them here?" 
“If you could, Bryn, thanks." 
Bryn went out of the office, leaving Nikki to think how she was going to tackle Louise and Fiona. He knew she wouldn't want too much time to think, so he found both of them and told them individually that Nikki needed them right away. Then he set off to deal with the relay as he'd promised, trying not to think about what might happen in Nikki's office. 
Louise arrived first, pleased to see Nikki back and obviously well again. 
"We've been worried about you," she said, "and it's good to see you looking better than you have for a long time. Family life is going to do you good." 
"I rather think it might. It's really nice being part of one - we are going to get on well and be surrounded by children." 
“You're serious, aren't you? Will any of these children be yours?” 
"Oh yes. I think we need a few mini-Nikkis around the place, don't we? Seriously, I do want to have a child because it's what we're here for. The first step towards being able to go back to Earth if a future generation wants to." 
"Well, you're putting some of us to shame." 
"Putting who to shame? Why?" Fiona's voice startled both Nikki and Louise - neither had heard her come in. 
"Nikki was just saying that she's going to start producing little people." 
“Oh, I see. I suppose we all should, really. But you didn't get me over here to tell me that, did you?" 
"No, Fiona, I didn't. I wanted to tell you about what's been going on at Botijjo #2, because I need to know what you think." 
"Hang on, let me get a cup of coffee if this is going to be a saga. Anyone else want one?" Both Nikki and Louise did, so Fiona poured three cups and brought them across to Nikki's desk before settling herself. 
"OK,” she said, "you may begin." 
"Thank you," Nikki replied with a smile, "I'll start with our volunteers. It's a case of mission accomplished, I'm pleased to say, and they're prepared to carry on until they commit to families here. If there are any other volunteers Doug and Pierre are there to help them. I have to say that a huge amount of credit should go to Jodie's team for the work they did. They are simply brilliant, and I include the Aupesians in that team as well. Anyway, it was successful and I had to tell Masaya of the results. 
"As I'm sure you know, Masaya was ill, because she had decided to end her life - apparently it's something that Aupesians can do at will if they want to. I told her about the results and was with her when she died. I'd like to think she died happy." 
There were gentle commiserations before Nikki was allowed to continue. 
"Just before Masaya died, after she knew the results, she told me that it is the Aupesian custom for the Jukkakique to take advice from her other, er, officers, I suppose you'd call them, about her successor. Anyway, she'd done that and they'd agreed on who should take over. They, I'm afraid to say, want me." 
"You? But why? I mean, you're not one of them, are you?" Fiona sounded quite shocked by the idea, while Louise seemed unable to say anything. 
"It seems that the fact that I'm not Aupesian doesn't matter. They want to integrate their society with ours and seem to think I'm the right person to do it. So?" 
"Well!" exclaimed Louise, "So they want to integrate, do they? Forgive my cynicism, but what's in it for us? We lose our leader - you're respected here and everyone still looks up to you - having already given them food, not to mention the one thing that their society lacks, fathers. So far in return we've had a few outfits. They're quite nice, I suppose, but it doesn't seem like a fair exchange." 
"Perhaps you're looking at this from the wrong angle, Louise. They asked me because they can see that having the two communities fully integrated is best for both of us. I know we've helped them a lot, but let's not forget that it was their technology and research that made cross-breeding possible. Even Jodie admits that she couldn't have done it without their work. There is so much knowledge stored in their computers that we haven't begun to tap, and without us they can't get at it because they don't have the skills. We do, but we can't get at it either unless they translate it. To use that knowledge we've got to work as a team. It's a start on integration, but it's going to be a long road. And don't forget that there are half a dozen other cities left on this planet and if one person somewhere discovers how to release the stored knowledge while we're stuck in the comparative stone age we will be very vulnerable. Sorry to end on a scare story, but it is possible." 
"OK, I take your points. If you go ahead, you'll be in charge here and up there, will you?" 
"Unless anybody changes things here, yes, Louise, I will. But my contribution here is largely administrative anyway, with you two and Bryn doing the real work." 
"But it's you who pulls everything together. Would you still be able to do that?" 
"I think so, yes. I'll live here with my family and, bearing in mind the amount of time I've spent at Botijjo #2 recently, I'll probably actually spend more time here, particularly when more Aupesians join our families. In fact, I could base myself in this office and create a joint executive committee to run both communities." 
"Who would sit on this committee?" Nikki thought that Louise's question might suggest that she was beginning to warm to the idea of acceptance, while Fiona's continuing silence was worrying. 
"Well, I'd chair it, with you, Fiona and Bryn from Gifford and Plisfou, Fejoq and Masyayi from Botijjo #2. Masyayi wouldn't bother to show up, Plisfou you know well enough and Fejoq is very happy-go-lucky, but sensible and caring." 
"I see. Personally I wouldn't have a problem with that. What about you, Fiona?" 
"I still can't get my mind round the idea of them wanting a human in charge of them. I almost wish I could see an ulterior motive, but I can't. Given that they are, technologically, centuries ahead of us we can't lose, can we? And as far as I can see they can't either. Government by committee run from here sounds perfectly acceptable, but we'd have to let the community have its say. There may be people here who might not like being told what to do by Aupesians, unreasonable as that might sound." 
"Fair enough, I suppose," Nikki replied, "but how do we get everyone's opinion quickly?" 
"You leave it to me," Louise said confidently, “and I’ll organise it. You'll have a result inside a day." 
Nikki had, it seemed, overcome the first hurdle. Her family and those responsible for running the community at Gifford were in favour of her becoming Jukkakique at Botijjo #2, and now all that remained was to see what the community itself felt. If Louise said she'd find out in a day, the decision could be made as soon as the community's voice was heard. 
There was nothing pressing for Nikki to attend to, so for the first time for a long time she could treat herself to a quiet stroll along the beach. As she walked, her mind drifted over what might be possible. A road network, perhaps, bigger boats for fishing and intercontinental travel, regular air travel between cities, improved agriculture - there were so many possibilities once the secrets of the Aupesian computers were revealed. Even space travel and the means for their children, or children's children, to return one day to Earth. Her musings on travelling around Aupes reminded her that there was to have been a meeting of the Jukkakiquen from the other Aupesian cities, but apart from it being raised once nothing more had been said. Nikki resolved to find out why. 
She had enjoyed her stroll immensely, her mind being now firmly in favour of a gradual integration of the two communities under her guidance, with the help of the soon-to-be-formed committee. Bryn was waiting for her in her office when she returned, looking very pleased with himself. 
"Ah," he said when she walked in, "there you are. Have a communicator." He passed her a slim silver-coloured box that fitted snugly in her hand. 
"What do I do with this?" 
"Well, most of us here have got one, so think who you might want to talk to, press the button once and say the name. Then you just chat away like we're doing now. Press the button again to cut it off." Nikki looked at the communicator, pressed the button and rather self-consciously spoke into it. 
"Alison?" 
There was a pause of a few seconds, then: "Nikki? Is that you?" 
"Yes! These things actually work, don't they?" 
"They do. He's quite clever, isn't he? For a man, that is." 
"Yes, but don't tell him. Anyway, I was just testing to see if it worked. See you later." 
"Bye," said Alison's voice. Nikki pressed again to cut the call off. 
"And these things will reach Botijjo #2, will they?" 
"They will, and probably further. As I've handed them out I've told people not to lose them, and to keep them handy, so I'm telling you the same thing. They come with a clip, so you've got no excuse." 
"OK, I won't lose it," Nikki said, treating Bryn to one of her mock-sarcastic looks. "It looks as if I'll have to go to Botijjo #2 tomorrow so these things can be dished out up there. That'll make a huge difference to management of the two communities." 
"That suggests you've decided to take the job on." 
"I have, but Louise is organising a survey, ballot or whatever to see what everyone here thinks. If people here say no, then no it is. Louise reckons she'll have a result for me tomorrow, but how she's doing it, well, I've no idea." 
Louise was as good as her word, and had spent a lot of time going around everyone in the community explaining Nikki's position and getting opinions. By the middle of the next day she had reported her results to Nikki. 
Nikki was anxious to get away and discuss with Plisfou the implications of her decision, now finally made on the strength of what Louise had discovered, but Bryn would not come. He was busy with work on the river dock and fish processing shed, so had briefed Alison on the distribution of communicators - after all, she'd have to fly the aircraft and would be in Botijjo #2 anyway. Nikki was happy with that, and shortly after midday they set off, arriving in one of the rare rainstorms that afflicted Botijjo #2 from time to time. 
Between them Alison and Nikki hauled the rather heavy box of communicators from the aircraft and managed a fair turn of speed on foot, arriving wet and panting at the laboratory where Alison was intending to base herself. After they had dried off sufficiently, Nikki started to look over Jodie's notes. 
"Don't drip there," Jodie cautioned, only half jokingly, "that's the result of a lot of work and, I hope, is going to make your day." 
"Oh?" said Nikki, intrigued, "do explain!" 
"OK," Jodie pulled up a stool and sat, looking tired, "I think the Aupesians should be very proud of their ancestors. Thus far, we'd discovered, or rather re-discovered, how to deal with the temporary alteration of male human genes so that they can achieve successful mating with Aupesian females. It seems to work, but the timescales involved are not particularly good for using the practice in a family context. It's no problem with the Silomiala, but families are a bit different. It was, to be fair, Zeftio who put her finger on something we'd all missed. 
"She pointed out that in the Aupesian visits to Earth it seemed unlikely that human males were being altered to be able to mate with Aupesian females - it was more likely that human females were being altered to accept Aupesian males. So I said to Zeftio that she could plough through the source material that we have here on computer to see what other information there was. She found the process for altering human females, but that doesn't get us very far because the root cause of the whole problem is the extinction of the Aupesian male. Zeftio realised this, of course, so she kept looking. She found the means, as clear and precise as everything else that these people have done, to alter Aupesian females genetically to accept human males. So, in your family, for instance, before Zeftio dug up this new information Bryn could, um, do his stuff with you and Alison as often as he likes, but couldn't with Patlu unless he stuck to the timetable that we worked out. Now, with what Zeftio has found, we can provide a supply of genetic treatments for the Aupesians in human families so that they are no different to the human females. As long as, for instance, um, Patlu takes the treatment a good six hours before Bryn has his wicked way with her there'll be no problem." 
"Terrific! That's a huge leap forward!" 
"Now hold on before you get too excited. What we haven't found recorded yet is any reference to the nature of the offspring." Nikki looked somewhat blank, so Jodie carried on. "It seems to me likely that if we alter a human male, as we did with Doug and Pierre, what we're going to get is a baby who is more or less purely Aupesian. On the other hand, the alteration of an Aupesian female is logically likely to produce more or less purely human offspring. I could be entirely wrong, but these seem to me to be reasonable conclusions." 
"Yes, I think I follow and I think I agree. But we're following work done by the Aupesians as part of an experiment to eliminate the aggressive part of the human nature. I would expect there to be some element of success to the experiment, so even if we end up with a human offspring from an Aupesian mother it would have more of an Aupesian nature, even if it was otherwise human." 
"Well, time will tell, as long as the treatments keep on working and the pregnancies run normally and to term. Pete is pretty keen to keep a close eye on the mums-to-be but Masyayi sees it as her responsibility and I don't think she's too happy to have him around. He can satisfy his urges to prod and feel bulging stomachs once we get a few pregnant Aupesians at Gifford, of course." 
Nikki said she'd try to head off any confrontation between Pete and Masyayi and, with a quick word of encouragement to Alison, she set off to find Plisfou or Fejoq. Fortunately she found them together in Plisfou's apartment where they were discussing how to obtain an increase in the city's tapijjux production. 
"Nikki!" Fejoq exclaimed with some surprise, “we did not expect you until tomorrow. You have come to accept the position of Jukkakique?" 
Well, thought Nikki, there's nothing like coming straight to the point. 
"I am here to give you my decision, yes. It was not a choice I could make myself, as my family would be affected if I accepted. They are in favour of acceptance." There was a look of relief, verging on ecstasy, on Fejoq's face, while Plisfou smiled widely. Nikki returned the smile, but held up a hand saying that there were other factors to be considered. Plisfou temporarily diverted Nikki by wordlessly passing her a steaming cup, which to Nikki's great surprise turned out to be coffee. 
"We have decided we like this as much as our own akkuzu, and I thought you would be pleased by this." 
"I am, Plisfou, yes, and surprised. I wasn't aware that any supplies had been set up here." 
"It was given by one of your families. I was invited into their house on one of our first visits and met Debbie, Tasha, Nick and Zoe. Because I liked your coffee I was given a small supply and was taught what I must do with it." 
"Good. I'm pleased that my people, right from the start, were hospitable! Now, I was saying that my family were in favour of acceptance. Even then, I could not accept without asking the community at Gifford, because I have been answerable to them for a long time. That has been done and I have had their answer. I have also talked with Bryn, Louise and Fiona, who occupy similar positions to the two of you and Masyayi." 
Nikki paused and sipped her coffee. 
"You must tell us the result of these discussions." 
"Yes, Plisfou, I must. Almost all of the people at Gifford are in favour of my acceptance, but my discussions have really defined the way in which I must accept." 
"As long as you are our new Jukkakique, Nikki, we will accept your terms. Fejoq will be happy not to be Jukkakique!" Fejoq laughed loudly, perhaps because she found Plisfou's comment funny, or perhaps just from relief. 
"Well, as both the leader of the human community here and as Jukkakique of Botijjo #2, I want to see the two communities operating more closely, and perhaps one day becoming fully integrated. I would want to work towards integration. To that end, I think we should have a committee of management, a legislature - the name is unimportant, but its function will be to run both communities. It will consist of myself as its head, with both of you, Masyayi, Bryn, Louise and Fiona as its other members. The aims will be to provide agricultural help here, so that your diet becomes more like ours, new clothing and building materials for Gifford and the development of a transport and communications infrastructure." 
"I am sorry, Nikki, I don' t think either of us understand your last word." 
"I can put it a different way. I want us to oversee the building of a system that will allow us to move between here and Gifford, as well as your other cities, easily and freely. I see this as necessary so that yours is not the only city either to benefit from a human presence or to bear the cost of the benefit." 
"Your words are now clear." Plisfou looked satisfied and glanced at Fejoq, who was sitting with a huge smile on her face. "We can accept all that you say, and I am sure Fejoq will be happy to pass over the klupixij, the symbol of the Jukkakique's authority." 
"It is necessary," Fejoq said, " for me to use certain words, in our custom, because you did not become Jukkakique immediately on Masaya's death. I held the position from the time of her death until you accepted, so now I must say this." She stood, as did Nikki and Plisfou. 
"I, Fejoq, took the klupixij from Masaya on her death only because you, Nikki, did not. You now say you are Jukkakique by right of choice. This I do not dispute and freely pass the klupixij to you, Nikki, and acknowledge you as Jukkakique in my place." 
Fejoq passed to Nikki a small, quite heavy rod, as thick only as a finger and a little shorter than Nikki's forearm. It was jet black, tipped in a gold colour, and seemed to be slightly rough but any markings on it were not visible to the naked eye. Nikki looked at the symbol silently as Fejoq and Plisfou returned to their seats. 
"I hope I can justify the faith that has been placed in me," Nikki said, "but I can assure you and all the people of our two communities that I will work as hard as I can for the good of all." 
Nikki slowly subsided into her seat, the enormity of her tasks as leader of two communities and as a family member suddenly becoming clear. 


CHAPTER 15 
The next few weeks were not only extremely busy, but also threw up the odd unanticipated minor problem. The first of these was in Nikki's own family and arose within a few of days of the commitment that created the family. The three women were at home, Bryn being still at work solving a problem that had cropped up with the river dock. Alison was wondering who would be the first to become pregnant when she became aware that Patlu was suddenly very quiet. Nikki hadn't noticed, and it was unusual for Alison to be quite so aware of shifts in other people's moods. 
She sat down next to Patlu, but before she could say anything Patlu started to laugh. Alison looked more than a little confused, as indeed did Nikki. 
"I am sorry," said Patlu, "but you talk of mating and babies. On Aupes all young are produced in the Silomiala, but you know this. Neither the Vixtamol nor the Roxtamol are used for breeding. I am Vixtamol and have no knowledge at all of how mating is done." 
"Ah," said Alison as she suddenly grasped the significance of Patlu's position, "I think we might be able to help you there." 
Nikki and Alison spent the next hour or so explaining the mechanics of the operation, and the various ways it could be achieved. They tried to demonstrate the method by role-playing on the floor, becoming increasingly helpless as Patlu's incredulity mounted at the ridiculous positions Nikki and Alison were getting themselves into. Eventually all three were more or less totally incapacitated with laughter, which was, of course, the point at which Bryn returned home. He was greeted by the sight of three women, helpless with laughter, in a tangled heap on the floor. It took some time to convince him that this had been a serious attempt to initiate Patlu into the mysteries of human mating but he was eventually convinced, promising to do what he could to complete Patlu's education. 
The day of the first meeting of the joint committee meeting arrived, Nikki having drawn up an agenda which she hoped would help them to move forward. Masyayi, naturally, did not attend so only Fejoq and Plisfou flew down to Gifford. They were joined by Louise and Fiona, but there was something just a little different about Louise. It was nothing that Nikki could define, and probably wouldn't have been noticed by anyone who knew Louise less well. Nikki took a chance that presented itself to have a quiet word with Fiona and asked her if she'd noticed anything. 
"Just a sort of mild distractedness, if there is such a word. It wasn't there yesterday, but a couple of times today she seemed not to be listening to what I've said to her." 
"Perhaps she's simply got something on her mind. If we get a chance we'll ask her." Fiona nodded her agreement. 
Once Nikki had everyone seated in her office, with the exception of Bryn who had yet to arrive, the time had finally come when she needed to begin her job as the single leader of two communities. It seemed that everyone was waiting for her to speak. Right, she thought, let's get on with it. 
"I think we'll dispense with too much formality, but I think we should arrange for some sort of record to be kept of this and future meetings. This," she said by way of explanation for the benefit of Fejoq and Plisfou, "is the way we made sure that things we decided to do actually did get done back on Earth. Now, who's going to volunteer for the job?" 
There was a brief silence before Fejoq spoke. "It is a task that I can do, but with a little help." 
"I'll help you - I'll do it this time then when you're ready you can take over, OK?" Fiona's offer was taken up, the two of them moving closer together so that Fejoq could learn the art of minute taking. 
"Good," said Nikki, "that's one point cleared. I had a brief agenda worked out in my head, but there are a couple of points that I want to deal with before we get into the main purpose of this meeting. Firstly, I think we should note the record that Masyayi, as we expected, is not here and nor is Bryn, although he may still turn up. Secondly, Patlu pointed out to us in her family that she is, or was, unaware of the processes of reproduction. We have, I think, given her a rather frightening idea of what actually happens when a man and a woman are together, but I'm sure we can do better for other Aupesians joining families. Fiona, I'd like you to brief them as to what they can expect in the way of mating, as it were, if you would." 
"Well, if I can do it with the animals I'm sure I can do it with the higher species. You can rely on my help." 
"OK. Next, there was a suggestion quite some time ago - I forget exactly when - that a meeting of the Jukkakiquen of all the Aupesian cities was due to take place, and I was invited to attend. I heard nothing more about it and wondered what had happened. Do we know?" 
"Yes, Nikki," Plisfou replied, "Masaya suggested that it should not take place at its normal time. It is to be arranged now that you have become Jukkakique in her place. I think she made this decision as she knew she was by choice near death." 
"I see. How do we arrange such a meeting?" 
"There is no way other than to visit each city in turn. It is dangerous to fly to Sarrijjo, but it must be done if the meeting of the Jukkakiquen is to happen." 
"Right. Perhaps then, Plisfou, you and I should plan the meeting separately and report back to this committee at its next meeting." Plisfou sagely nodded, appreciating rather more than Nikki the dangers involved. 
"Plisfou has mentioned the dangers of journeying to Sarrijjo, across a large ocean. We have successfully built sailing vessels, although these are very small. I wonder if any of you think it would be worthwhile to look into the problems of building a much larger vessel capable of an ocean crossing?" 
There was a brief silence, broken first by Plisfou. 
"We have never used boats, as you know, but I believe that it could be done. We have adequate materials to build a strong vessel, but the knowledge must come from Gifford." 
"Gordon is really the only one here who knows anything about the sea," Louise said, "and I could sound him out. Ussida has learned a lot from him and knows, I assume, something about working with Aupesian materials." 
"There is something else I must tell you," said Plisfou in a serious tone, "about Sarrijjo. The cities there are not close to the sea. Travelling from the sea to the cities may be dangerous because of the Paxavorra. We know they have grown in numbers on Sarrijjo but have had no recent contact with the cities there." 
"Thank you, Plisfou, for the warning. Because we don't see these Paxavorra it is easy to forget them. Perhaps flying is the safer option, but I still think it worthwhile to investigate building a larger vessel. Are we agreed that we should see what Gordon thinks he can do?" 
There was a murmur of agreement, although Nikki felt that it was unenthusiastic, perhaps because the others could see no great point in an ocean-going vessel. Still, the agreement was there and it needn't be a priority. 
"My next point concerns moving around this continent, although, as Plisfou has reminded me, I had rather discounted the Paxavorra threat. We have only two aircraft, but when we first arrived here we built some small transports. I think it would be useful if, as a long term project and assuming the other Botijjo cities agree, we construct a road network for the transport of agricultural produce, animals and so on. It won't be easy but once it's done it is a permanent benefit. Any thoughts?" 
"Good idea," Fiona said, "but as our transports don't have the range to reach Botijjo #2, never mind anywhere else, is there any point?" 
"I think so," Nikki replied, "because we couldn't use solar power when those transports were built but now we have the means of constructing the panels and can recharge batteries on the move. I don't pretend to understand the engineering, but once Bryn did tell me it could be done. Bear in mind that all the produce that goes to Botijjo #2 has to be flown up there, so we can't take any live animals. If we wanted to establish any farms up there we'd have to move animals somehow." 
"You are saying that we at Botijjo #2 could have some of your animals?" Fejoq seemed incredulous. "We have no knowledge of animals." 
"It is not something that will happen straightaway, Fejoq," Nikki replied, "and when it does there will be plenty of time for your people to learn what they need to know. Have there ever been roads on Aupes?" 
"Yes, I think so," Plisfou replied, "but it was long ago. We may be able to find where they were now that our computers are working again." 
"Right, so our first step is to see if we can find anything on the Aupesian computers. I'll get some people working on that, which brings me neatly to another point I wanted to discuss. The computers contain, I'm sure, a huge amount of information that will be useful to us. I would like to set up a team to classify and translate as much as we can extract, and either to reprogram the computers to work in English or to create a program to convert English into acceptable commands that the computers will understand. Are there any objections, and how do we disseminate the information that is released?" 
Clearly there were going to be no objections, but equally clearly no-one seemed to have anything to say on the question of getting the information to those who could use it. Nikki, having given the others a few moments to think, decided she must carry on. 
"For what it's worth without Bryn being here," she said, "we could, for instance have remote access to the computers. I'm sure that could be done in time, but it isn't really practical yet. Would it be possible to produce, say, written copies of whatever we get out of the machines to start a sort of reference library? We could set one up here and another at Botijjo #2, then later extend the facility to the other cities." 
"I agree that the remote access is probably a long way off," Louise said, but as if her mind was really somewhere else, "and in the meantime a reference library is as good an idea as any. That way all the information gradually becomes available to everyone." 
"OK, Louise likes that idea. Any other comments?" 
"This library," Fejoq asked, "it will contain papers?" 
"Yes,” Nikki said. 
"Instead of holding information in the computers?" 
"As well as in the computers. It is just a means of getting all the information out in a form that everyone can use whenever they need it." 
"Good," Fejoq said with a smile, "now I understand, I think. Yes, it is good." 
"OK, that's what we'll do. I'll see to setting up the team, as I've said. Now, that leads me on to another point that I think is vitally important. We are producing children, and those children are being born into a community of both humans and Aupesians. I believe that each child should have as complete an education as we can give, and that education must include both the history of this planet and the history of Earth. I hope we will find that the Aupesian computer data banks will give us as much as we need to teach our children, but we will need to teach Earth history, geography and culture. None of this is written down, but of the people who came from Earth there are many who have knowledge that can be written down for the benefit of our children. We should also have written records of what we've done here. Unfortunately someone has to accept overall responsibility for educating the children, and needs to be open-minded enough to give equal status to both Earth and Aupes. I don't think anyone in this room has the time to do the job, but I'd like to think that between us we can suggest someone, or a couple of people, who can take on this massive but essential task. My thinking leads me to suggest that they be in charge of the libraries, as well, as they will be the repository of our knowledge. I'm open to suggestions." 
"I can't suggest any individuals," Fiona said, "but I do think that we should have one person from each community doing this. It is, as you say, important, but perhaps we should know how the Aupesians educate their children before we make any hard and fast decisions." 
"It has always been the responsibility of the Omiakique," Fejoq said in reply, "and we are taught the history of our people as well as what it is necessary to know to undertake our duties to the city. Only those who are to be Vixtamol or Roxtamol are educated beyond the history. Those who are to work in the Silomiala do not need so much. It is perhaps difficult for you to accept that some children may be destined for the Silomiala?" 
“To be honest, Fejoq, yes, it is difficult," Nikki said with feeling, "but I promised Masaya that we would not judge your way of life. It is not a matter that needs to be discussed now, although it will need to be thought about. I think it would be sensible to agree now that sub-committees should be created, of myself and the three Aupesian members of this committee to deal with purely Aupesian matters and myself and the human members to deal with matters affecting only the human community. The decisions taken by these sub-committees should, I think, be ratified by the full committee. The question of preparing children to work in the Silomiala will not arise for some time, but will be a sub-committee matter when it finally arises. Fiona, you've heard Fejoq, so does what she said prompt any further comment?" 
"Not really, no. I still think that preparation for the education of our children must go ahead, and to do so a member of each community needs to be involved. As to who those people should be, well, I don't know." 
"Perhaps we should leave that point open, then, and if anyone has any ideas about who should be asked to take the job on they'd let me know before we all meet again. Are there any other matters that any of you would like to raise?" 
There were none, apart from Fiona noting that Bryn's input would have been useful. The two Aupesians were invited to stay for a meal and the meeting slowly broke up. Nikki made sure she caught Louise and held her back until all the others had left. 
"Well," Nikki said, "that wasn't as difficult as it might have been." 
"No, but then you're a natural leader and there's a great deal of respect for you, both from us and from the Aupesians. You're trusted, you know." 
"That's nice to know. Look, Louise, is something troubling you? You don't seem to be yourself." 
"I hoped it wasn't obvious, but I wouldn't say anything's troubling me. It's just that my mind is going down paths that it's never been down before." 
"You're going to have to clarify that tantalising comment, I’m afraid." 
"Well, now you've taken up with Bryn - we all knew you would, sooner or later - and the others, Pete's taken it as a green light to go ahead with his own family plans. Of course Zeftio is included, as we expected, and Kirsten has also agreed. She seemed to be very impressed with him once she had seen him working with Jodie's team. But then, as soon as he got his hands on a communicator he called me from Botijjo #2 and asked me to go in with them!" 
"And you don't want to?" 
"Well, that's just it. I do want to. I've had a lot of respect for Pete for a long time, Kirsten is as industrious as they come and Zeftio is really frighteningly clever. I want to say yes, but, well - I don't want to admit this and wouldn't to anyone else - I'm very, very nervous. No, I've got to be honest, I'm scared." 
"Difficult. Is it the commitment that scares you? It is a big step." 
"No, I'm happy with the people in the family, that's not it." 
"OK, so if it's not the commitment what is worrying you? There's nothing, on a personal level, more major than making that commitment." Nikki was starting to feel concerned for her friend, wondering how she could help her, when the real problem was blurted out. 
"It's the sex. Never done it, you see." 
"Yes, right." Nikki did her best to conceal her surprise. "Does Pete know?” 
"I doubt it. I like to think I project a fairly confident image, and if I'm doing that at all well he probably thinks I know what it's all about." 
"Maybe the thing to do is to talk to him, face to face. It's hardly an insurmountable difficulty and he's probably the best person to help you - he is a doctor, after all. I'd understand, though, if you didn't want to raise it with him and if it would help I'd talk to him for you." 
"Would you? I want to do it, to commit, but he needs to know what he's getting." 
"OK, next time I see him I'll have a word. He'll call you again, probably even before I get to see him, and when he does tell him you'll do it when he gets back here, OK?" 
"Thanks, Nikki. You won't tell anyone else, will you?" 
"Of course not. Now let's get out of here and get on with some work!" 
Over the next day or two Nikki gave a lot of thought to the make-up of a team to pull information off the Aupesian computers. Kirsten was already at Botijjo #2, of course, and as a decent analytical chemist her skills would be invaluable. Zeftio had already done some valuable work and would be an obvious second member. It meant that three of the members of Pete's family would be based at Botijjo #2, whereas Louise was needed at Gifford. There would have to be a way to overcome that problem, surely? 
A long period spent thinking about how to tackle the problem produced what might be an acceptable answer, with significant other benefits. She could ask Plisfou and Louise to exchange jobs for a little while, which would give each of them a tremendous opportunity to find out how each community worked. In the long term that would be good for both. Problem solved, apparently! It wouldn't be permanent, but for the time being that didn't matter. 
She checked first with Louise - life with the communicators was so much easier - who was happy to go along with the idea whenever Plisfou was ready. Next she called Plisfou. It appeared that Plisfou had been intending to call Nikki anyway about the arrangements for the meeting of Jukkakiquen. 
"We can reach all of the other cities on Botijjo in one day. Then we go to Sarrijjo the next day. Is this acceptable to you?" 
"Yes, I think so," Nikki said, "when shall we go?" 
"Tomorrow?" 
"OK, tomorrow. If only you and I are going will you fly down here for me? I want to see Pete before we go." 
"Yes. Early tomorrow.” 
Nikki decided against raising the exchange with her just then, but warned Louise to stay by her communicator as she outlined to her what she was going to do. 
Nikki and Plisfou were airborne as the sun rose the next morning; earlier Nikki had been able to see Pete before he started work. She explained that she had a delicate matter to talk to him about, Pete jumping to the entirely wrong conclusion that Nikki was ill again. 
"No," she laughed, "I'm fine. It's about Louise. She told me about your plans and she's keen to join with you, apart from one thing." Pete looked a trifle concerned but said nothing. 
"She's got it into her head that you might think she's more, well, experienced than she is. She told me in the strictest confidence that you'll be the first man she's ever had, but was unwilling to tell you herself. She asked me to tell you." 
"I see," he said with a smile, "I suppose I am surprised, but it doesn't matter. I think I know enough of the basics for us all to muddle through somehow! We want her to join us because of the person she is, not as a teacher or anything. Can you reassure her?" 
"No. I've told her you'll call her today. What you have to say to her is between the two of you, OK?" 
"Right, I will." 
"She might mention to you a plan I have in mind. I'm going to ask Plisfou if she thinks it worthwhile for her and Louise to swap jobs for a little while. It'll give each of them a valuable insight into how the other community works on a day-to-day basis, and it also means that all your family, at least for a short period, will be up here." 
Pete thanked Nikki for her efforts and seemed to have a noticeable spring in his step as he set off for work. Nikki smiled to herself as she went back to Plisfou and the aircraft for their long trip. 

"I think," Plisfou said as Nikki settled herself in the remaining front seat, "we will leave Botijjo #1 until last. It is South. Botijjo #3 and #4 are North. We will go to Botijjo #4 first." 
Nikki gave her agreement and the aircraft lifted off into the clear sky, disappearing rapidly northwards. They turned east when they had cleared the northern end of the mountain range that could be seen to the east from Gifford before flying steadily northeast for a couple of hours. Eventually the city came into view, looking very similar to Botijjo #2 but having very noticeable workings outside the city that appeared to be a large quarry. Plisfou confirmed that most of the tapijjux used on Aupes now came from this source, but the amounts used were tiny now. Conversation on the flight had been very general, mostly about landmarks they flew over. Now they were about to land and Nikki still hadn't raised the subject of the exchange with Plisfou. 
Their stay at Botijjo #4 was very brief. They had been met and escorted to the Jukkakique's office, where Plisfou introduced Jukkakique Darzzu. The date for the meeting of Jukkakiquen was given and Darzzu said she would attend. She also took a few minutes to explain, in response to Nikki's questions, that they had lost their last male a year before. This information was given cheerfully, as Plisfou had told the other Botijjo cities about the arrival of the settlers from Earth even before those settlers knew of the existence of the Aupesians. It was a piece of information that surprised Nikki since it showed quite clearly that right from the beginning there was confidence that the humans would rally to the aid of the stricken Aupesians. 
Plisfou urged Nikki to leave as they still had a great deal of travelling to do. Farewells were said, Nikki departing with the impression that, if all the Jukkakiquen were like Darzzu, it should not be difficult to have everyone pulling in the same direction. She had been greatly impressed by Darzzu's enthusiasm and open-mindedness, and said as much to Plisfou when they were again airborne. 
"We at Botijjo #2 have, I think, the same qualities." She sounded a little put out. 
"Indeed you have, but I had thought it too much to hope that the other cities would be the same. It seems, though, that the readiness to embrace new ideas is a typical Aupesian trait." The reply had the desired effect, and the smile returned to Plisfou's face as she flew on to Botijjo #3 
It was a much shorter flight this time, and they had landed again in less than an hour. Botijjo #3 looked much worse than Botijjo #2 or #4 with many buildings in an advanced state of collapse. There seemed to be nobody about as Plisfou disembarked, followed by Nikki. There seemed to be absolute silence as they walked towards the few apparently useable buildings. 
"This silence," Nikki said quietly, "it's eerie. There must be some people here, surely?" 
"Yes, but I have not been here for a long time. This is the main building of the city." 
Plisfou indicated a still intact two storey building, but there were no signs of life at all. It was only when they were inside and listening carefully that a voice was heard. Immediately Plisfou set off in the direction she thought the voice had come from, trying various doors as she went. Nikki had almost to run to keep up. Suddenly Plisfou stopped and listened again, the sound of voices now seeming to be close. She opened a door to the right a little way ahead and went inside with Nikki in pursuit. A stream of incomprehensible Aupesian left Nikki floundering as Plisfou seemed to be berating the two people she had found. Their answers seemed to appease Plisfou and eventually she sat down and turned to Nikki. 
"I am sorry to have used my own language, I did not think. These two and three more are the only five Roxtamol left in the city. The Vixtamol, the Silomiala, are all gone. There is no Jukkakique here. I have been told that the Paxavorra realised that this city was weak and have killed all but these five." 
"I thought these Paxavorra stayed in the forests?" 
"Usually they do, but now they have attacked a weak city. It is very rare, but not unknown." 
"In that case they're likely to come back. If there are only five of you left obviously you can't stay here. It seems to me that you must abandon Botijjo #3, at least for the time being. Plisfou, do you agree?" 
"Yes." She turned to the two women who had listened intently to Nikki's words. "You have heard Nikki, who is Jukkakique of Botijjo #2. We will take you there and return here only when it is safe. Come, let us leave quickly." Leaving seemed to be a very popular idea and within minutes the last five residents of Botijjo #3 had gathered the few personal possessions they had together and were heading quickly towards the aircraft. Once settled on board Plisfou took off without speaking. She seemed to relax once they were in the air. 
"It is bad. But Botijjo #2 is strong and the Paxavorra will not come near. You must tell the other Jukkakiquen what has happened so that they can prepare to defend their cities if it is necessary." 
"And we must look to the defence of Gifford too. I was going to ask you something, and I think it's more relevant now. Louise has a job similar to yours, and I wondered if the two of you could exchange for a little while - she can try to do your job at Botijjo #2 and you can do hers at Gifford. It will let both of you see how the other community works and that can only be good. At the same time you can give Gifford the benefit of any knowledge you have on dealing with the Paxavorra threat." 
"Yes, I think that is worth doing. We each need to learn as much as we can about each other and work together to become stronger. That way we will all survive." 
It seemed to be settled, then. Nikki eventually reached Louise once they flew into communicator range, the exchange being due to begin after the meeting of the Jukkakiquen. Louise told Nikki that she had spoken to Pete and that all was now settled. At least, thought Nikki as she finished the call, someone is happy. 
The five refugees from Botijjo #3 were landed at Botijjo #2, Fejoq getting the job of settling them in. Immediately, Nikki and Plisfou set off again for Botijjo #1, a long way to the South, arriving there in the late afternoon. The Jukkakique there, called Ostu, had been looking forward to an opportunity to meet the humans and was delighted to be told that the meeting was to be at Gifford. Her city seemed to be well organised and busy, although she confirmed that the few males who had not already died were not able to perform their duties in the Silomiala, which now stayed operational only to look after a few older children who were almost ready to take up their adult duties. Nikki felt strangely encouraged by her visit, but couldn't identify clearly why she felt that way. The city was really just as badly off as Botijjo #2 and would eventually die if nothing was done, but still Nikki felt optimistic as they left. 

Plisfou spent that night with Nikki and her family, allowing her a brief glimpse of family life. It also gave her a chance to talk to Louise about their forthcoming exchange, while Nikki took the opportunity to discuss the make-up of the computer analysis team. By the time Plisfou returned from her talk with Louise Nikki had made her decision. She would leave Pete with Jodie, to continue their work on genetic alteration, but would simply switch Nina to the new team. That would be led by Nina, with Zeftio leading the Aupesian side, and each could enlist whoever they felt they needed to move the task ahead at an acceptable rate. 
Plisfou was happy enough with the exchange now, and confirmed that she, or Louise, and Fejoq would allow Zeftio to take anyone she needed into her team. As they all relaxed, Alison asked Plisfou about Sarrijjo. 
"We've seen it from space, of course, when we photographed landing sites, but none of us knows anything about it." Even Patlu looked eager to hear about Sarrijjo - she had never been there either. 
"It is similar to Botijjo, but larger. There are fewer mountains and it is covered in trees except where our cities have been built. Our journeys away from Aupes all began at Sarrijjo #1, which is the largest city on Aupes. It has our system for detecting space vehicles entering the star system and it was there that your own approach was first seen. Any vessel entering the system causes an alarm which is repeated in each city on both continents. The Jukkakique of each city sees all the information and must decide whether to permit the vessel to proceed or to destroy it. We are all pleased that we decided to allow you to land." Plisfou smiled widely as she said this, reflected by her audience. Bryn particularly was aware of how close they had been to destruction, firstly from the Aupesian planetary defence system and secondly from pilot error, and smiled back with well-remembered relief. 
"Because Sarrijjo is so much covered in trees," Plisfou continued, "the Paxavorra are much more numerous there and we must be vigilant always. It is not just the crossing of the sea that is dangerous." 
"I've been wondering about that," queried Alison, "since the aircraft seem to be totally reliable and mechanically very simple. I don't see why an ocean crossing in a solar powered aircraft should be dangerous." 
Bryn glanced at Plisfou, who seemed happy for him, rather than her to explain. 
"Well," he said, "the aircraft are reliable as long as they can be exposed to sufficient light. Even if they're not, they will be safe enough because, although the on board power storage capacity isn't that great, the pilot could lose all power and glide easily to a landing. Of course, it's one thing gliding back to solid ground but quite another if all you've got underneath you is a deep ocean. 
"Now think about a flight to Sarrijjo. It's a good three thousand miles, probably more, which these aircraft will just about do in the hours of daylight. Because you're flying from East to West there's no problem, but coming back there's a few hours less daylight, so the flight is that much more hazardous. You see?" 
"Yes, I do now. And we're letting Nikki and Plisfou take this risk?" 
"There's no other way," Nikki chimed in before the objections to her trip could be raised, "and I can't ask someone to do something that I'm not prepared to do myself. Tomorrow we're going. Plisfou knows what she's doing and we'll be back in three days, maybe even two." 
Nikki would not let the discussion of the dangers inherent in an ocean crossing by air go any further. She had made up her mind, although when she had done so she hadn't been aware of the risks, and that was that. 
She woke before dawn the next morning, Bryn still sleeping deeply beside her. She climbed out of bed to find Plisfou already up and about. Once they had eaten the sky was beginning to lighten, so Nikki woke Bryn to tell him she and Plisfou were leaving. Settled in the aircraft, Plisfou lifted it gently into the air and Nikki spotted Bryn, Alison and Patlu watching them ascend. The thought crossed Nikki's mind that they looked as if they didn't expect ever to see her again - she pushed that out of her head and tried to concentrate on the long flight ahead. 


CHAPTER 16 
Morning turned to afternoon as the aircraft flew onwards over the sea. Even from the low height at which they flew it looked placid down there, an inviting shade of blue with greener patches of floating seaweed. Nikki and Plisfou had talked about the history of their respective home planets, but Nikki's contribution seemed to be a litany of wars, battles, genocide and suppressions of entire populations. She did manage to introduce some technological achievements, including in that list the internal combustion engine, computers, the first moon landings and the successful manned return flights to Mars, but these didn't by any means equal the first part of her narrative. 
Plisfou told Nikki how the Aupesians had all worked together, with the obvious exception of the Paxavorra, for centuries, eliminating disease from the planet before using their technological skill to conquer first the air, then space. Space travel, she explained, had been a fact of Aupesian life for over five thousand years. Much of the detail was new to Nikki, of course, although she had been aware of how far in front of Earth Aupes had been. Nikki asked whether the Paxavorra were as disease-free as the Aupesians; Plisfou confirmed exactly what Nikki had suspected as she asked the question. Yes, she said, the eradication of disease from the planet included not just the Aupesians and the Paxavorra but all other life as well. Nothing living on Aupes, plant or animal, ever suffered from any disease. 
As the flight progressed, Nikki thought that as a bonding exercise it hadn't been a conspicuous success, but she had developed an even greater respect for the civilisation among which she and her people were now living. She also felt extremely grateful that the latent hostility towards people who were somehow different that seemed to exist in all humans had not, yet at least, manifested itself. Of course there had been Scott's token protest, but it seemed, looking back on it, to have been half-hearted and easily swept aside. Still, it wouldn't do to be complacent and Nikki's musings led her to reflect on how little time she had to talk with the majority of the settlers now she had accepted the responsibility of being Jukkakique at Botijjo #2. She knew she had to rely on Bryn, Louise and Fiona to keep her in touch with the mood at Gifford, but how much people would now be prepared to say to Bryn, if there was any discontent, remained to be seen. Things might change, she thought, once she was pregnant. That thought reminded her that she might already be carrying Bryn's child and now that there was a real chance that it either had happened or could easily happen she felt just a little scared at the prospect. It was easier to cope with the thought if she looked upon it as a duty. 
Plisfou would have agreed that the comparison of planetary histories hadn't advanced the objective of pulling the two civilisations closer together. She knew that her ancestors had dismissed races on many planets as not worth getting involved with, for all sorts of reasons, but had regarded the developing civilisations on Earth as potential allies and trading partners. The diversity of intelligent life had fascinated generations of Aupesians, as had their willingness to slaughter each other for very little gain. None of those who had gone before had predicted the final extermination of life on Earth, nor that the incredible escape from impending death that had led the little band of survivors, against massive odds, to a successful landing on Aupes would be instrumental in the survival of the Aupesians themselves, albeit in a hybridised form. Whatever she and her fellow Aupesians may have thought about the bloodthirsty history of Earth needed to be set aside now and the reality recognised. It was a remarkable achievement to travel to Aupes and the more so because, although none of the humans had admitted as much, Plisfou was as sure as she could be that from Earth the existence of Aupes could only have been surmised. That a group of travellers should undertake that journey with the, by Aupesian standards, limited technology at their disposal was laudable enough, but to head for somewhere that may not even have existed was either an act of complete desperation or almost unbelievable bravery. Now that Plisfou had come to know Nikki and many of the other humans she found it easier to accept that while this was perhaps not a representative group of humans their decisions were made rationally and bravely. They did not act out of desperation. Perhaps it was because of these conclusions, that seemed to have embedded themselves in her subconscious, that she now felt just as comfortable among humans as among Aupesians. 
They had each been thinking their own thoughts for a long time in a companionable silence, accompanied only by the high-pitched buzzing of the aircraft's drive, before the coast of Sarrijjo appeared on the horizon. As they approached it looked dark and forbidding, but gradually Nikki could see that it was in fact high cliffs of dark rock surmounted by thick forest. At least on this part of the coast there were no harbours to which they could sail a ship from Botijjo. Now she thought she understood why early explorers on Earth had called Africa the Dark Continent. 
The aircraft crossed the Sarrijjo coast and flew onwards inland. As far as Nikki could recall, there had been no change of direction since they had taken off. She mentioned this to Plisfou. 
"You are right," she said with a smile, "because this aircraft uses a system of navigation that is controlled from a tekrajej - a satellite - and I control the height and speed. I do not need to know where Sarrijjo #3 is because the tekrajej will show me." 
"I see. Before the war on Earth we had something similar, using a satellite to pinpoint a location on the surface. I forget what it was called, but it was less sophisticated than yours." 
Almost as Nikki finished her sentence a large clearing appeared in the distance and as they approached buildings could be seen increasingly clearly. 
"Sarrijjo #3," Plisfou said simply. Nikki peered out of the aircraft, eager for the first sight of Sarrijjo life. They had circled the city twice before they saw someone waving furiously at them to land as close as possible to the city. 
Plisfou settled the aircraft on the ground as two Aupesians, Roxtamol, Nikki guessed by their uniform, sprinted towards them. Plisfou opened the door and the two leapt aboard, looking as if they had been badly frightened. 
The first to jump on the aircraft spoke rapidly, and even though Nikki couldn't understand the words she could hear the pleading and the urgency. Plisfou nodded reassuringly and returned to her seat, getting the aircraft back into the air as quickly as she could. She banked away to the North and settled into a high, level flight before she spoke again. 
"I am sorry," she said to Nikki, "but I need to speak to these Roxtamol. It is easier in our own language because they are afraid. I will tell you what they say." 
The two newcomers looked only slightly inquisitively at Nikki, who must have appeared a little strange to them, before Plisfou started firing questions that, of course, Nikki had no way of understanding. The answers seemed to be to Plisfou's satisfaction and after a final comment she spoke again to Nikki. 
"This is not good. Sarrijjo #3 has suffered badly with sickness. Many were lost to disease, but we on Botijjo did not know that the situation here was as bad as it has been. No-one now remains at Sarrijjo #3. These are the last and they have been afraid of the Paxavorra who have been entering the city at night. On Botijjo the Paxavorra do not go out at night. Some survivors of the sickness have been attacked and killed by the Paxavorra so we must now abandon Sarrijjo #3 and go to Sarrijjo #2. It is not possible to reach either Sarrijjo #2 or #3 except by air but no aircraft has been to Sarrijjo #3 for many months. Soon we will be at Sarrijjo #2 and we will find out more." 
Perhaps it was Nikki's imagination, but there seemed to be a greater urgency now. Certainly Plisfou had donned a graver expression and their airspeed seemed to be higher. As they descended into a valley just an hour after leaving Sarrijjo #3 another small city came into view. 
"There is Sarrijjo #2. I think we will approach carefully." 
One of their passengers came into the cockpit area to watch as they approached. Plisfou introduced her as Jixeda, the other being Bavaya, and told her that Nikki was now Jukkakique at Botijjo #2. Jixeda looked momentarily surprised but immediately became deferential. She spoke in English, apparently realising that Nikki knew no Aupesian. 
"Look," Jixeda said, "there is no-one." Despite circling the city there were no signs of life. As Plisfou took them down slowly Nikki turned and looked at Jixeda, who was clearly afraid of what might be found here. 
"We were at Botijjo #3 yesterday," Nikki said in what she hoped was a reassuring tone, "and at first we could see no-one there either. But we landed and searched, and found five people alive and well. Perhaps the people here are just inside at the moment." Jixeda's eyes seemed to widen as Nikki spoke, and she pointed wordlessly at something on the ground. Nikki followed the direction she was shown, but a sudden shout from behind made her look back. 
"Pull away!" Bavaya yelled, "Pull away now!" 
Plisfou turned the aircraft over the city, giving Nikki her first ever clear sight of Paxavorra. They looked large, strong and violent in their rudimentary clothing as they seemed to stream out of every building, long dark hair flying and wielding what appeared to be clubs. The aircraft climbed from its original rooftop height but had little speed, allowing the odd stone hurled up at them by the Paxavorra to clang noisily against the its underbelly. As they climbed out of range Bavaya and Jixeda were clearly badly shaken, the sudden appearance of the Paxavorra having reawakened recent painful memories. 
Plisfou had remained tense and silent as they had made their escape from Sarrijjo #2, but now seemed to relax a little. The passengers had returned to their seats but were still visibly disturbed by the experience. 
"Sarrijjo #1 will be safe," Plisfou said quietly to Nikki, "because our equipment is linked to theirs and still works. The Paxavorra would have destroyed it so they cannot be in the city. It is the largest city on Aupes and the Vixtamol are strong. The Vixxakique knows how important it is that Sarrijjo #1 is kept safe." 
"Good. It seems that there are some real problems here, probably worse than on Botijjo. Perhaps we'll find out what's been happening when we get to Sarrijjo #1." 
The remainder of the short flight passed quickly enough, even though nobody on board felt like talking much. As soon as they landed, to much excitement on the ground, Bavaya and Jixeda were led away to be quizzed about the situation at Sarrijjo #3 while Plisfou and Nikki were taken to see the Jukkakique. There was no standing on ceremony here: everyone seemed to be aware of the Paxavorra threat and saw the arrival of an aircraft from Botijjo as a major event. 

They were settled into the Jukkakique's comfortable office by a junior Roxtamol. She withdrew, saying that Menktu, the Jukkakique, would join them very soon. Nikki could think of nothing that could be provided that would lessen the threat from the Paxavorra, but Sarrijjo #1 was, as Plisfou had said, a large settlement and well fortified against outsiders. Its boundaries encompassed the entire Aupesian space centre and were therefore large and needed a commensurately large number of people to patrol. This was clearly being done and sufficient people remained even now to guarantee that the situation would not deteriorate in the immediate future. 
Menktu appeared suddenly, bursting into the room like a small whirlwind and grasping Plisfou as if she was a long-lost friend. Plisfou seemed equally delighted to see her, but their exchanges were in Aupesian and Nikki could understand nothing except that their tone was friendly. 
"I am sorry," Menktu unexpectedly said to Nikki, "Plisfou tells me you do not speak our language. You must think me most rude!" 
"Not at all. I try to learn a few words of the language, but that's all I understand - just a few words." 
"Well, let us sit. You are now near Botijjo #2, I understand, and have come from Earth?" 
"Yes, and we are trying to work closely with Plisfou and her people to build up our numbers. We brought less than two hundred people from Earth, and your populations have been decimated since Earth diseases were brought back here. I hope our work will slowly correct the damage done." 
"We have news to tell you, Menktu." Plisfou had adopted a graver tone now. "Masaya is no more. She decided that the arrival of the humans would be a new start for us and she believed another would be better able to use the changes for the benefit of all." 
Menktu reflected quietly for a moment on the impact of the statement, although Nikki couldn't think what effect it would have here, so far away. 
"This is indeed a surprise. There is no other Jukkakique now on Sarrijjo, and Masaya was senior on Botijjo. You are now Jukkakique?" The question was addressed to Plisfou, who smiled - Nikki could have sworn it was one of relief. 
"No, Menktu. Masaya believed that the changes forced upon us were such that another course should be chosen. She spoke with me and with Fejoq about this and we agreed. Nikki is now Jukkakique at Botijjo #2 and leads the humans. We are integrating the two communities for the good of all. There are other Jukkakiquen on Botijjo and we believe a meeting of all Jukkakiquen is needed now so that we know what the situation is on both continents. Then we decide what must be done. Will you come to such a meeting?" 
"I will come. It is indeed a change to discover that a human is Jukkakique in your city and this surprises me. Masaya was wise and if this was her decision I believe it will be proved to be right." 
"Thank you for those words," Nikki said, feeling that she should take at least some of the initiative back from Plisfou, "At the meeting I can explain what we have been able to do, how we gained the knowledge to do it and what the benefits to us all will be." 
The details of the meeting were given and Menktu asked whether her guests were intending to remain at Sarrijjo #1 overnight. Plisfou confirmed this, needlessly as there was nowhere else that they could go, and Nikki asked if it would be possible to tour the space centre. Menktu appeared proud to say that, yes, it could be arranged, which is how Nikki came to leave Sarrijjo the following day with her head reeling from the enormity of the Aupesian achievements. 
As the tour had progressed Menktu, who seemed to know everything there was to know about the centre, had explained which ships of what size had been to which planets, pointing out among the fleet of now non-functioning ships a large sleek machine which she said had visited Earth at least twice. Nikki asked the inevitable questions, and was told that, firstly, despite her age Menktu had never been off Aupes and, secondly, the ship was not repairable given the reduced skills now available and the many computer failures that had occurred since disease struck. Nikki was still excited to know that, although KonTiki had been gutted and could never fly again, there was one ship on the planet which could perhaps be readied for a return to Earth. If, that was, they ever wanted to go back, or it ever became safe to land on Earth again. 

The flight back to Botijjo was every bit as long as Nikki expected, except that the fading daylight was an additional concern. She recalled the warnings about the low level of on board power storage as the sun dipped ever closer to the horizon. Plisfou seemed unconcerned as she chatted about the trip and the immediate future, but as time passed Nikki concentrated less and less on what was being said and more on the Eastern horizon, silently begging for a sight of the Botijjo coast. Eventually she had to say something, even if it did betray nervousness. 
"I still can't see land. How much longer will it take?" Nikki asked, hoping that there wasn't too much desperation in her voice. 
"It will be dark when we land, but we have enough power. You need not worry. I would not have left Sarrijjo unless we had sufficient time to cross the water." 
"I'm sorry, I know I shouldn't worry, but I've never been out here before." Nikki noticed Plisfou smiling, but she couldn't see anything at all funny, particularly as they now seemed to be flying lower than before. The evening became darker with what seemed to Nikki to be alarming speed and she was sure that the solar panels were no longer keeping their power reserves topped up, but she had no option except to put her trust in her friend. Nevertheless, she sat rigidly, her hands tightly clenched, waiting for the aircraft to stall. 
She must have closed her eyes because she was a little startled by Plisfou's voice, suddenly breaking the quiet in the cabin. 
"There," she said, "lights. That is Gifford. We are nearly home." Nikki looked and indeed there were lights and in just a few minutes they were landing next to the other aircraft at Gifford. Nikki didn't move until the motors had completely stopped and there was silence in the aircraft. 
"Come on," she said, relieved, "let's go and see if anyone will find us something to eat. I'm hungry!" 
"You see, Nikki - if you want to eat you must still be alive!" 

Back in her house, with her family, Nikki felt first relaxed, then very tired. She and Plisfou disposed of a meal hastily but well prepared by Alison and Patlu before retiring to a deep sleep. 

She rose late the next morning, feeling immediately guilty. There was nobody left in the house, so after luxuriating in a cup of coffee drunk in peace and quiet in the sun Nikki made her way to her office. On the way she met several people, all of whom stopped her to ask about her trip. There seemed to be a lot of genuine interest in other parts of the planet and Nikki described everything as well as she could, including the Paxavorra. She wondered briefly whether she ought to omit any mention of these apparently fearsome creatures, but they had experienced no trouble here yet and a reminder that vigilance was necessary could be timely. That it was necessary showed as one or two people declared that they would make a check of the fences, just to be sure. She also encountered Patlu, who apologised for everyone leaving before Nikki woke, but explained that she was helping Bryn and they were quite busy, Alison had much she wanted to do and Plisfou had gone off to find Louise to spend some time with her as she had the opportunity. 
Nikki arrived in her office with a few things in her mind that she wanted to do. Firstly she wanted to speak to the teams at Botijjo #2 for an update on developments there. 
She called Jodie first, and found her surprisingly cheerful. She said that their progress was much better than she had expected. 
"We can more or less set up a production line of the stuff now, either to alter our people for the Silomiala or to alter the Aupesians to accept our men, which is much better for the families of course. I was thinking of issuing mixed families with a supply adequate for three months, if you approve. That will give us a chance to assess any side-effects, if they crop up." 
"OK, go ahead. I have no objections. Tell the others for me that I'm delighted with the work. Exciting, isn't it?" 
"Funnily enough, when I stop to think about it, yes it is. I can't wait to see the babies now!" 
Nikki felt reassured by Jodie's progress, and hoped that the computer team was doing as well. Her call to Nina went unanswered, but she reached Kirsten. 
"I was hoping to speak to Nina, but she's not answering - is everything OK?" 
"Well," said Kirsten, "it all seemed a bit chaotic really. The message about setting up a team to trawl the computers arrived through several people and we weren't really sure what was wanted. Eventually, because you and Plisfou were away, I asked Fejoq who explained the purpose but not who was supposed to be doing it. She spoke to Louise, who didn't know any more but asked Bryn if you'd said anything to him. He wasn't sure what he was supposed to say but thought Nina should be in charge with Zeftio. We haven't really got going because we don't want to waste time pursuing something that turns out to be trivial." 
Nikki was cursing herself for not giving clear instructions, and not making sure that one person was to be responsible for getting the team going. She knew it was her fault and admitted as much to Kirsten. 
"It's now down to me to put all this right," Nikki said, "leave it to me. When Louise gets up there she'll tell you everything you need to know." 
Well, Nikki thought, you messed that up. Now all you've got to do is get round Louise to sort it out once she takes up her post at Botijjo #2. Still, she owes me a favour. 

Louise was explaining to Plisfou what she filled her days with at the time, and Nikki's call interrupted a discussion about the likelihood of any Paxavorra coming anywhere near Gifford. It was still going on when the two of them arrived at Nikki's office, the first thing Nikki heard being Louise's unmistakeable voice saying, as they came in: "..and even if they do, what would they be after? I'm not at all clear on why they'd want to come here." 
"We should not upset Nikki with our speculations," Plisfou said as they settled themselves at Nikki's invitation, "Louise was asking about the Paxavorra and whether they would come to Gifford. I cannot say that they will not. Now she asks why they would come. I have no answer to this. But we have seen on Sarrijjo that they did come. What we do not know is whether they came because the cities were weak and they thought that they could gain something easily or whether they attacked a stronger city and made it weak. I do not know what they expect to gain so I do not know why they should want to come here. I just cannot say that they will not." 
"All right, so we give some thought to fortifying Gifford. But I'm going to Botijjo #2, so it becomes your job to come up with the ideas." 
Louise looked smug, as she could when she thought she'd passed a problem on, but Plisfou seemed quite happy to take the job on. Nikki decided she should change the subject. 
"I'm pleased you two are getting to grips with the details of your exchange, but that's not what I wanted to talk about. I have to confess I've messed something up." 
This was unusual enough for Louise to look temporarily lost for words, so Nikki carried on. 
"I didn't actually do anything specific about setting up the computer analysis team, and it just sort of staggered into life without any particular direction. Nina, Zeftio and Kirsten all know that they've been assigned to the job, but don't know exactly what the job is because I didn't tell them. As you're going up to Botijjo #2, Louise, I thought I could brief you and you could get them operating properly. Is that OK?" 
"Of course. Tell me what you want." 
"I'm not really sure myself. I reckon there's a lot on the Aupesian computer systems that will be relevant to our life here, but we need to get at it in a way that we can use, as we said at the meeting. I suppose the task is to pull off and translate what is relevant to us, leaving the prioritising to the team actually doing the work. We may be able to target specific areas once we know what is there, of course, but for now the only criterion is relevance to us, and by us I mean both communities, of course." 
"Right, I see what you're getting at. I'll get on it as soon as I get up there." 
"You should ensure that Fejoq makes any of her Vixtamol who are necessary available to you, as well as your own Roxtamol. She will help you." 
"Thanks, Plisfou. When am I going?" 
"Any time you like, once you and Plisfou have agreed on what you're both doing. Let Alison know and she'll fly you up." 
Later that day Nikki was reflecting quietly in her office. Louise had gone off to Botijjo #2, Alison having reported back that the commitment between Louise, Pete, Zeftio and Kirsten had been duly signed. It was that comment, made more in enthusiasm than out of a desire to inform, that had set Nikki thinking. 
She thought about her own family first. The idea of polygamous arrangements had been the core of her original selection of leavers back on Earth, but then she hadn't known whether it would work. She certainly hadn't anticipated the inclusions of aliens, genetically adjusted or not, in these proposed families. It was early days yet, she accepted that, but it seemed to be working. There were no obvious signs of any families living under internal stress and certainly the birth-rate was entirely acceptable. She was wrestling now with a thought that had introduced itself when Alison told her about Louise. She knew everyone at Gifford, of course, but with an original complement of 180, Aupesians living here, humans living more or less permanently at Botijjo #2 and babies being born regularly it was starting to be too much to keep in her head. What we need, she thought, is a census, and then we keep the information up to date so we know where everyone is and what their responsibilities are, both domestically and to the community. Perhaps it won't be popular, but Nikki thought that she had more or less decided it was necessary. Normally, she'd bounce the idea off Louise and Fiona, but now it would be Plisfou and Fiona of course. She decided to take a walk around Gifford, which it seemed she hadn't done for a long time, and just mention her idea when she bumped into Fiona, or Plisfou, or even Bryn although she'd see him later anyway. 
When she returned to her office there was no firm conclusion to be drawn from what had been said to her. Plisfou may not have understood the concept, but nevertheless agreed, while Fiona wanted to think about what the implications might be. She hadn't asked Bryn. She made her mind up to leave it to the Jukkakique meeting, as then she'd have to put forward sound reasons and knew she could do that if she was forced to. A little while was spent thinking about other things she wanted to bring up at the meeting, and then she made her way home for, she hoped, a quiet evening. 
That evening was indeed quiet, as were the next few days. Gordon's fish dock was operating, and he had got the docking and landing of his catch down to a fine art. He and Ussida seemed to be a good team now, aided by Tina Smith when she had time away from her botanical work. Nina, the fourth member of Gordon's new family, was stuck up at Botijjo #2, but they seemed happy enough to accept this as she was working for five or six days then spending a couple of days at home. Tina had made a significant impression on Gifford by creating a garden for their house from the plants she found, and said to anyone who expressed an interest that she intended to develop more flowering plants from those she already had. 
Because things at Gifford seemed to be progressing calmly if not spectacularly, Nikki was very relaxed about the Jukkakique meeting. The day before that meeting she had a call from Nina, saying that the computer team at Botijjo #2 had overcome some of the initial difficulties they had faced and were now starting to release information. That pleased Nikki, of course, and in her relaxed mood she didn't read anything at all into Nina's comment that some of the details being revealed might prove explosive. Nikki dismissed the thought from her mind and registered in her mind only that progress was now being made. She went home in just as light a mood as she had been in for the last few days. 
During the evening she happened to mention that the Aupesians still had a ship capable, if it was repaired, of reaching Earth and returning. Patlu accepted this as perfectly natural, but Alison looked startled. 
"You're not thinking of going back, are you? It wouldn't be safe now." 
"No, I'm not thinking about it seriously. It's just that although we are still alive, which we wouldn't be had we stayed, I'm sure, we left so much behind." 
"You're right about us dying," Bryn said with feeling, "I really can't see that five years was anything but a wildly optimistic guess. Right now, Earth is a dead planet." 
"Yet you are thinking of a return. What is there to go back for?" Patlu looked amazed at the thought of them wanting to return if the planet was dead. 
"Well?" Alison asked, "you brought up the subject of a return, Nikki, and I can't think of a sensible answer to Patlu's question, even if it was possible and not likely to be fatal. We've got every chance of a good, safe life here." 
"I'm not disputing that we can have a good life on Aupes. It was looking at what Tina's done, I think. Somehow a garden, oh, I don't know, it's just one of the things we don't have any more." Nikki paused, looking as if her mind was countless millions of miles away, before she went on. "Doesn't anyone else miss things? The music of Beethoven, Mozart, curling up with a book by Charles Dickens, watching a Shakespeare play? Those sorts of things. Our children will be educated to the best of our ability, but will never have those pleasures." 
"I take your point," Alison said, but said it in a way that suggested she wasn't too impressed, "but is that worth the risk of a return - just to raid a library?" 
"Perhaps not, now. But in the future, maybe it will be worth recovering some of our heritage, some of what makes us who we are, that can lift spirits and fire the imagination." 
"I do not understand. You speak of these people, but what have they done to be so important to you?" 
"You don't have books to read for pleasure here, do you, Patlu?" 
"No, but we have been told of your love of stories and that you have many written down. They are not true." 
"We do," Nikki replied, "and many are written in a way that lets your mind go in different directions to those you go in every day. Perhaps it sounds silly." 
"Not silly, no. It sounds interesting. We are concerned with what is real." 
"But don't you ever imagine what could happen, what might arise in other circumstances? Didn't you wonder what we humans would be like before you met us?" 
"Yes, I and my people did wonder whether you would be like us.” 
"Well, you must have had an idea of what we might look like, or how we might act. All we have done is to imagine how something might be and write it down. Then it becomes, if it is well written, part of our heritage because such imaginings can contain messages for the reader." 
“I am not sure I understand,” Patlu said, smiling, "you perhaps must show me." 
Nikki looked slightly puzzled, but, to Bryn's evident amusement, Alison came to the rescue. 
"Look," she said, "I spend an hour or more most days on my own in that aircraft, and I pass the time by telling myself stories. Don't laugh, Bryn, this is serious. I could make the effort to write the next one down. It might not have much by way of a message, but it will be a start." 
Nikki excused herself, on the grounds that it was getting late and she had a big day ahead. The others stayed up and Nikki drifted off to sleep with the murmur of their voices still floating through the house. Yes, she thought, there's nothing wrong with family life. 

Nervousness was the first feeling Nikki experienced when she woke, bright and early, the next morning. The other Jukkakiquen would be arriving during the morning, although Menktu, coming from Sarrijjo, might be later than the rest. Plisfou had promised to help Nikki as much as she could and would make sure the meeting was properly recorded just as had been done when the leaders of the Gifford and Botijjo #2 communities had met. Much earlier than expected, Ostu arrived from Botijjo #1, almost catching Nikki unawares. She expressed great interest in seeing a community at work that was so different to her own and a guide was quickly organised to show her round. She was well into her tour of Gifford when Darzzu arrived, at the time expected, and seemed just as interested in Gifford as Ostu had been. Again, a guide took her on a tour of the community. 
It was early afternoon when Menktu flew in. She took a rather different approach, perhaps because she was from a different continent, or perhaps because she was Jukkakique of the biggest and arguably the most important city on the planet. She congratulated Nikki on what had been achieved, but declined the opportunity to see it until the business of the day had been conducted. She, Nikki and Plisfou went into Nikki's office where they were shortly joined by Ostu and Darzzu, who had seen Menktu's aircraft approach Gifford. 
Once they were all settled in the office and had been provided with their choice of coffee or akkuzu Nikki assumed the role of chair of the meeting. 
"I have asked for this meeting," she began, trying to sound as confident as possible, "for two reasons. The first of these is that I knew Masaya was going to have such a meeting, but sadly she died before it could be arranged. I am proud to think that Masaya was a friend to us at Gifford and we are all saddened by her passing." 
"Your words are kind," Menktu said gravely, "and Masaya was a friend to us also. We too are saddened, but we understand her reasons for ending her life. I think I speak for Darzzu and Ostu when I say that we believe you will be a worthy successor." 
"Thank you," Nikki replied, "I am deeply grateful to you for saying that and will try to carry out my responsibilities as Masaya would have wished. My other reason for wanting us all to meet is to tell you what we have done since we arrived on your world. We did not know that there were already people here, and were a little afraid when Plisfou allowed us to discover your existence. Since then we have come to like and respect your people, and we want to live happily alongside you. 
"Masaya explained that this planet had suffered terrible, almost catastrophic, effects from the release of disease brought by one of your expeditions to Earth. Had we humans been as sensible as you we also would have rid our world of disease, instead of devoting our energies so much to finding new ways to kill each other. Ultimately, as I am sure you all know, only a few humans were left on Earth because of the weapons that were invented. We were lucky and escaped to come here. Those we left behind, close, dear friends, brothers, sisters, parents, are now all surely dead. It was a dreadful, appalling shock to discover that we humans had not only rendered our own planet lifeless but had caused such destruction of life among your people too. 
"I believed we should try to help in any way that we could. We soon found that your males, most of whom had already died, were infertile and those of you still living were to be the last of your race. I, on behalf of those that came with me from Earth and those we left behind, could not accept that. We started work and a great deal was done, with much help from the people at Botijjo #2, and we are now able to use human males to fertilise Aupesian females. This has been possible because your ancestors discovered how - all we did was to translate the information, once we got your computer systems working again, and put it into practice. 
"It seemed to me that I had to be fair, not only to the Aupesians but also to the human community here. In order to attain that fairness I agreed with Masaya that we would have human males working in the Silomiala at Botijjo #2, and that any Aupesian female who wanted to join with a human family would be allowed to do so. This is now happening here and we have successfully fertilised a number of omia. I am proud to say that several Aupesians are happily settled in human families, including Patlu in my own family." 
"What you have done is more than we could have asked," Darzzu said with great dignity, "and Botijjo #2 will survive because of your efforts. I must know how Botijjo #4 is to fare. The city is necessary because of our tapijjux production. Without tapijjux from Botijjo #4 it must be found elsewhere." 
"We at Sarrijjo #1 have no males now. We are responsible for the space centre, which you have seen. It is important that we survive but we face a greater Paxavorra threat as well." 
"Darzzu, Menktu," Nikki replied, "I understand what you are telling me and I'm sure the same thoughts have occurred to Ostu as well. It is something I have thought about often enough. We don't have many men here at Gifford and I think it would be asking too much of them to expect them to go further afield than Botijjo #2 for duties in the Silomiala in your cities." Nikki paused briefly but her audience were attentive and clearly not ready to interrupt. 
"There is, I think, a way of solving this problem. I have to talk to my expert here, but I believe that we can use what we refer to as artificial insemination." 
Three heads looked at Plisfou for an explanation of these apparently strange words, but she looked just as mystified as the others. "I think, Nikki," Plisfou said, "you must explain this." 
"Oh, dear," Nikki replied with a slightly embarrassed smile, "I was afraid I might have to. I assume we all understand the mechanics of the reproductive process, that a male enters a female and ejects a substance into her?" 
"Yes," Darzzu replied with one of those twinkling Aupesian grins that by now had become so familiar, "we all understand." 
"Well, as I understand the process, to bring artificial insemination about, first the substance normally ejected by a male into the female is collected and stored. It can be preserved for a long time. When enough has been collected, someone visits another city with a supply of the stored substance. It is then divided into small amounts and each one of those amounts is delivered by an instrument into the waiting female. By this method only one person needs to travel and can inseminate, or fertilise, perhaps ten, even twenty, females. I hope that is clear enough." 
"It is clear that you believe it can be done, even if we do not understand the process you describe." Darzzu's grin was, if anything, even wider now. "This person who visits us - it must be a male?" 
"No, not necessarily. As there is no physical contact between the person and your female it could just as easily be a female - in fact, once she is shown how, I imagine your Omiakique could do it." 
"Can I ask you," Darzzu went on with her twinkling eyes suggesting that she was enjoying this subject hugely, "who will show the Omiakique what to do?" 
"You might be disappointed to learn that it won't be me, fortunately!" Nikki hoped her own eyes were twinkling back. "I have an assistant here, equivalent to a Vixxakique, who I am sure carries out this process with her animals. She will be able to demonstrate far better than I. Excuse me one moment and I'll ask her." 
Nikki called Fiona and asked if she could spare a few minutes, without explaining what she was wanted for. With the call satisfactorily completed, Nikki again addressed her audience. 
"Fiona will come here in a few minutes and you can ask her any questions about the process. Before she arrives, I must make it clear that I have not discussed this suggestion with any of our males here at Gifford and our ability to help depends upon the co-operation of our men. I know those that have families here will not volunteer for duty in the Silomiala because they see it as disloyal to their families. This is a natural human reaction that must be respected, as Masaya I'm sure understood. Those without families are happy enough to share Silomiala duties, but as we are now talking of a method of fertilisation that does not require any contact between the male and female reactions may be different. I accept that this may sound illogical to the Aupesian mind, but we are human and therefore not everything we do will follow the logical course." 
"I speak for us all," Menktu said, "when I say that whatever help you can give is welcome because it is freely given. We do not want your people to feel that they must help us. We accept that you have traditions just as we have traditions and where we are different we must agree to respect the differences. I foresee much work being done with the young to be sure that they, who will have a mother of our race and a father of yours, are able to respect each as much as the other." 
"You have said something important, Menktu, that we have already considered with Fejoq and Plisfou." Nikki felt on firmer ground now. "I have suggested that we try to translate as much as possible of the information that the computers at Botijjo #2 contain, and have asked the humans here to commit to writing their accumulated store of knowledge. It is a very big task, but when it is complete we will have a library to refer to which will, I hope, contain sufficient material about our traditions, our histories and technology to provide a good education for our children. I know that you have no tradition of literature, but we do and find great pleasure in reading. Perhaps we can introduce our children to that pleasure, as well as to music and games." 
Further discussion of this subject was stopped by Fiona's arrival in Nikki's office. Fiona looked at the assembly there, realising that there were faces that she didn't know, as those assembled looked at her almost in amazement. Because she had been with her beloved animals Fiona was, as usual, a good deal less than immaculate. Her hair contained bits of hay, her face and hands were grubby and her outfit was possibly the dirtiest piece of zaxtapijj that the Jukkakiquen had ever seen. 
"This," Nikki managed to say without a trace of embarrassment, "is Fiona, who can both answer your questions and, I have no doubt, demonstrate the techniques involved. Fiona, let me introduce the other Jukkakiquen, firstly Menktu from Sarrijjo #1, then Ostu from Botijjo #1 and finally Darzzu from Botijjo #4, where all the tapijjux comes from. We've been talking about artificial insemination - " Fiona's eyebrows were suddenly raised high "- and I thought you'd be the perfect person to cover the subject. You know the processes involved, I suppose?" 
"Yes. But it's a lot more difficult to describe than to demonstrate. We've used AI a lot, starting on our flight from Earth. Our arrangements are a bit rough and ready, but they work." 
"I can think of no questions," Darzzu said, "except those that show how little we know of your animals. Perhaps we can have a demonstration, and ask our questions then?" 
This was readily agreed, Fiona saying that she could set things up at any time. Nikki suggested that they all go to Fiona's animal sheds once the meeting had finished. As this was settled, Fiona made her escape and those left in the room who had never met her before looked at each other as if wanting to say something but unwilling to cause offence. Nikki guessed at the cause of the silence. 
"Fiona is extremely able and very knowledgeable. But she likes to get involved with the animals that we have here with inevitable, and rather obvious, consequences. She doesn't always look so messy!" There was laughter at Fiona's expense, but Nikki's obvious respect for Fiona's abilities was clearly recognised by the others. 
Plisfou spoke quietly in Nikki's ear, reminding her that Fiona's appearance had meant that they had left the subject of education abruptly. 
"Plisfou has reminded me," Nikki said a little more seriously, "that we were discussing the education of children. I understand that in your society children are educated within the Silomiala system, but our ways are very different. I am in no position to criticise your ways, because they have been instrumental in allowing you to achieve so much more than we on Earth ever achieved, but I cannot convince myself that children born within the Silomiala should be educated any differently to those born to families here, whether or not children born here are from human or Aupesian mothers. It is perhaps not a decision that we need take today, but I believe that we should aim to have a school system where all our children, wherever they are born, are treated the same. Because of the success you have had in creating a peaceful society I believe that this system should be under the control of an Aupesian, but time should be devoted to teaching Earth history, geography and arts. The question of language has occurred to me, and beyond a wish to see that neither yours nor ours dies out I have nothing useful to say." 
"You have thought much about this matter," Ostu said, "and I believe that what you say is what should be done. Our ways have led to a peaceful society and this we can give to our children if we base a system for teaching children on that which we have used. The children should know of this planet and of yours. I think also that both languages should be taught. The time will come when one is no longer used but it is not for us to decide which." 
"Ostu is speaking wise words." Menktu looked both serious and happy at the same time. "At Sarrijjo #1 we have places where our people were trained for space and in the complexities of machines - forgive my words, but I do not know the right words in your language - but these places are no longer used. My Vixtamol can prepare these places for the education of all the children, but there is the matter of transport." 
"I think, Menktu, that you might be well on the way to solving the problem," Nikki said, reflectively. "We have looked at the possibility of building a ship to travel between Botijjo and Sarrijjo and once that is done we can take the children on board ship to Sarrijjo #1 for, say, five days at a time, bringing them back for a couple of days break in between. It would be a sort of residential college.” 
The possibility put forward by Menktu, and met enthusiastically by Nikki, was discussed in detail for quite some time. Yet again Nikki found herself admiring the way that these proud people could see their own position so clearly and what was needed to guarantee the survival of their race. She couldn't help wondering if, were the circumstances to have been reversed, humans could have embraced such radical changes so readily, even faced with certain extinction. On balance she rather thought they couldn't. 
Eventually, matters seemed to be decided, with each of the other three Jukkakiquen agreeing to prepare different aspects of Aupesian history, so that a definitive work could ultimately be put together for the first time ever. This was intended to cover both factual history of the planet and the few stories that were told to children about mythical events. It seemed to Nikki that the Aupesians were reluctant to admit to the existence of these, but she chose to pass no comment. 
It was surprising to Nikki that the last major item that was raised actually had little impact. She had believed that the threat from the Paxavorra would be a major worry, but neither Darzzu nor Ostu seemed to think that the threat on Botijjo was worth getting excited about, whilst Menktu acknowledged that the threat on Sarrijjo was much greater, but as only one city on that continent now existed and that was far too strong for the Paxavorra to come anywhere near she dismissed the threat as nothing to be concerned about. She did agree that transport from the coast to Sarrijjo #1 would, once ocean crossings were being made by ship, need to be carefully planned to be safe but believed that this was a matter of no great difficulty. 
Acceptance of the Aupesians' viewpoint on the Paxavorra was really forced upon Nikki, and Plisfou seemed to agree with what was being said. As none of the others had any matters to raise the formal part of their meeting drew to a close amicably enough and, Nikki thought, beneficially. All that remained was Fiona's demonstration, to which Nikki decided she was looking forward. So, she led her little group out of her office to see what Fiona was to stage for them. 


CHAPTER 17 
Had she then had the benefit of hindsight it is certain that Nikki would never have allowed the demonstration to take place, at least quite as publicly as, in the event, it did. Fiona had been conducting a course, although she probably wouldn't have given it that title, in animal husbandry to a dozen or so eager pupils because she had in her mind the likelihood of some of the animals being taken to Botijjo #2 and the need for them to be accompanied by proficient farmers. But first she had to train others to become proficient and then those others should be able to establish herds at Botijjo #2 and teach the Aupesians what they needed to know. 
As part of the course Fiona was laying on was the subject of artificial insemination, she decided that now was as good a time as any to cover the processes - it didn't matter that there were a few extra people listening. 
Perhaps Nikki was surprised at the numbers of people in attendance when her little group arrived for the demonstration, but it didn't show. Of course, Fiona had to explain who these people were and why they were there, which she did with disarming honesty. After all, there was no reason to conceal the purpose behind the Jukkakiquen interest and Nikki raised no objection. 
The demonstration passed off very well, with nothing out of the ordinary happening. It seemed that everyone, students and Jukkakiquen, understood what was being done and why, even if there were a few expressions of surprise from the non-human part of the audience. Afterwards Nikki thanked Fiona profusely, more because she'd been dug out of a hole than merely out of normal gratitude for Fiona's efforts, and returned with the other Jukkakiquen to her office. 
It was unanimously agreed that artificial insemination represented the way to move forwards for both Sarrijjo #1 and the other remaining Botijjo cities. All that needed to be done was for sufficient volunteers to be found, but Nikki didn't believe that it would be difficult since she'd managed to find volunteers for the Silomiala, and that was, in her opinion, a much more difficult situation to come to terms with. Those volunteers were the obvious starting point. 
Once she was left alone the following day, the others having set off for their own cities, Nikki could start work. She found that making it known that volunteers were needed was not difficult - very quickly it seemed that the whole of Gifford knew exactly what was wanted. The take-up rate was disappointing, but she was more realistic than to expect to have a full complement of volunteers on Day 1. 

As the next few days passed, everything seemed perfectly normal. Plisfou was happy at Gifford and Louise seemed delighted to be spending time at Botijjo #2, getting to grips with life up there and coming to terms with family life. She certainly appeared to be a little less prickly than she'd been for the last few months. Nikki herself was spending time at home, letting the community just run itself. She knew that everyone was well enough established now and would get on with what needed to be done without her constantly peering over shoulders, and a few days spent relaxing a little would do her good. Of course, she couldn't be totally idle and had chatted to Bryn and Gordon again about a ship large enough for regular ocean crossings. She had also tried to encourage the development of social and recreational activities, an area where she knew the community needed to advance. It seemed that this was an opinion shared by many people and she was happy enough to get informal groups going, looking at various sports, drama and musical activities. A week or so after the Jukkakique meeting Nikki felt she had achieved something worthwhile. 
A call from the computer team at Botijjo #2 eventually disturbed her tranquillity. Nina sounded a little strange, but Nikki couldn't identify exactly what it was that was different about Nina's voice. All she would say was that she believed Nikki should get up to Botijjo #2 as soon as she could to see for herself what the computers were producing. No amount of questioning could produce any more detail since Nina was insistent that Nikki must see for herself. A little reluctantly she agreed to go, to Nina's evident relief. 
She mentioned the call that evening to the rest of her family. Alison's reaction was to suggest the she should fly Nikki up the next morning. Patlu seemed more concerned about Nikki herself, and when Nikki actually thought about it Patlu had been looking after her even better than usual since the trip to Sarrijjo. Bryn asked her if she had any idea what the problem was. 
"None at all," Nikki replied, truthfully, "she wouldn't say any more. But it's to do with what's coming out of the machines rather than a technical problem with the machines themselves." 
"Did she sound worried?" 
"No, Bryn, not worried exactly. Different, perhaps, maybe distracted, as if her mind wasn't entirely on the job, but not worried." 
"You will only know when you arrive," Patlu said with a caring look surreptitiously shared with Bryn, "and you should go. I am sure my ancestors who built the machines have done nothing that will alarm you." 
"I can't believe that they would have. I'm sure it's nothing to worry about and as you say I'll find out when I get there. First thing in the morning, Alison?" 
Alison agreed readily enough and the subject was dropped, even if it did still occupy the thoughts of everyone in the room. 

It was yet another fine morning, but this time following a wet night, when Nikki and Alison took off for Botijjo #2, still naturally none the wiser about the revelations that might await Nikki. In response to a call Nikki made in mid-flight, Kirsten met the aircraft and led Nikki and Alison to the laboratory. Alison excused herself, wanting to see how Louise was coping, and left. The laboratory looked far more business-like than on Nikki's last visit, with all the computer screens and terminals now fully active. It was a hive of activity as huge amounts of information were retrieved and translated to form the proposed libraries. 
"Right," Nikki finally said to Nina, "what's so dramatic that I have to fly up here?" 
"Well, let me give you a bit of background first. When we started we didn't know what was connected to what, but have slowly sorted it all out so we know how to access what sort of information. Historical records can be reached, but we've left them alone for the time being, concentrating instead on the scientific data. There's a terrific amount of stuff that will make life much, much easier in time, to do with roads, road transport, power generation and so on. The genetic material, of course, we know about, but the more we look the more we learn and there's a lot to get through yet, including a huge databank that so far has resisted all our attempts to break into it. There was the odd system that we couldn't get to function, but now the two-way link to the space centre at Sarrijjo #1 works perfectly rather than just intermittently and the central robot control would work if the robots themselves were all working. 
"It was the link with Sarrijjo #1 that threw up what I want to show you. You know, I suppose, that there are a few satellites still working, one of which monitors any space vehicle entering the Aupes system?" 
"Yes. It detected us when we first arrived, and there were discussions as to whether we should be allowed to land or be blown up." 
"Well, it's a remarkable bit of equipment. It has the capability of detecting a ship entering the system and differentiating between something artificial and a natural occurrence, such as a comet. I have no idea how it works, but it does. Anyway, it can do other things as well, and Zeftio has worked out how to control it. Come with me." 
Nina led Nikki to a control panel in a small room off the main laboratory where Zeftio was staring intently at a screen that appeared totally blank. As Nikki looked closer she could just make out tiny pinpoints of light. 
"Zeftio is good at this," Nina said with a distinct hint of pride, "now, turn it to look at the surface." 
Zeftio's hands moved deftly across the control panel and the display began to change. Within a few seconds a planet appeared on the screen, bright and colourful. 
"Aupes." Nina clearly didn't think any more needed to be said and just touched Zeftio lightly on the shoulder. The planet grew larger as Zeftio zoomed in on an area near a coast. Gradually features on the land started to become clear, firstly the mountains then the river. There was an audible gasp as Nikki realised exactly what she was looking at. 
"That's Gifford!" As she looked closer she could now see individual buildings and KonTiki's largely redundant hull, but still Zeftio increased the magnification until people could be seen going about their daily tasks in blissful ignorance of the surveillance. 
"So that's how they knew so much about what we were doing! Masaya said one or two things to me that didn't seem any more than assumptions at the time, but she must have been watching us." 
"I suppose so," Nina agreed, "but it seems likely that it was only to see if we posed a threat to them. You can't blame them if they believed we might have brought more of the diseases that have already caused havoc here. 
"But," Nina went on, "from what I gather talking to people up here, the system is used mostly to monitor Paxavorra activity, at least when it's working and that's not been too often recently. I wouldn't read too much into the ability to look at Gifford in detail. Of course, you can go in a bit closer, if you like, and see what Bryn's up to while you're up here." 
"Can you really do that?" 
"Watch." Nina whispered conspiratorially into Zeftio's ear and the image on the screen closed onto Bryn's workshop. 
Nikki could clearly make out Bryn talking with two others - she couldn't be sure who - as a piece of unidentifiable machinery was hauled out into the sunshine. 
"Well, he seems to be behaving himself," said Nikki, smiling, "so what else can this thing see?" Nikki was expecting another view of Aupes, but that was most certainly not what she got. 
"Quite a lot, really. This is really what I wanted you to see." Nina sat beside Zeftio and turned to look up at Nikki. "Pull up a seat, Nikki. This might take a few minutes." 
She turned back to Zeftio as Nikki drew up a chair and sat on Zeftio's other side. 
"OK," Nina said, "let's see if we can find it. Zeftio seems much better at this than I am," she said to Nikki, “but it still takes a while. Watch carefully and tell me when you recognise anything." 
The screen had darkened now, showing only the pinpoints of light that had been there when Nikki first came in. The picture changed gradually as Zeftio keyed instructions into the computerised guidance system, but the view of space meant nothing at all to Nikki. 
The minutes passed slowly before Nikki realised that there was one particular pinpoint at which Zeftio seemed to be aiming. Very, very slowly it grew, gradually increasing in size until it appeared as a small whitish yellow dot in the centre of the screen. Nikki thought she knew what that dot might be, but said nothing since what she was thinking was impossible. 
The dot now dominated the centre of the screen. Zeftio was concentrating hard as her fingers flew across the keyboard, occasionally shaking her head in frustration. She muttered a few words that neither Nina nor Nikki could understand, keyed yet more instructions in then sat back. 
"The search is now automatic. I think I have performed the right sequence. Soon we will see." 
Three pairs of eyes stared into the screen as the yellow dot moved about, apparently at random. Within a few seconds it settled in the top right-hand corner briefly, then disappeared completely as it seemed to slip slowly off the screen. There then seemed to be nothing but blackness until a smaller dot appeared at the bottom left of the screen. As it moved towards the centre it grew slowly, taking on a blueish white colour before it stopped in the centre of the screen, still growing. 
Nikki watched, completely fascinated. She was aware of nothing else in the room as she saw something completely, totally impossible happening before her eyes. There was no doubt now as the picture on the screen showed a planet in blue and white, shining brightly in the vastness of space. She said nothing until the picture filled the screen and Zeftio tapped a key and the slow growth of the image stopped. 
"It is, isn't it?" Nikki asked in a whisper, "Earth?" 
"Yes, Nikki. There it is, but not as it is now. It takes several years for light to travel from there to here, so we're seeing Earth as it was, probably before we left. We can go closer in, but as I don't know exactly what year we're looking at, what we'd see, or even if we'd see anything I haven't dared. I'm not sure I could handle seeing myself on Earth when I've spent a long time coming to terms with living on another planet." 
Nikki stood up, slowly, unsure of what she should even think, never mind say. Nina and Zeftio sat waiting for her to make a decision, but so many thoughts were crowding into her head that she felt unable, just then, to make a rational decision. All she could say was to tell Zeftio to turn the screen off, but leave the satellite aimed at Earth. Then she excused herself and walked out of the laboratory. She knew she had to think. 
As Jukkakique she had the use of what had been Masaya's quarters and almost automatically she headed in that direction. Once there she tried to marshal her thoughts. 
So Earth could, perhaps, be examined in detail from here. It occurred to Nikki that the technology had to be admired, since humans had never progressed beyond being able to see stars as points of light and reason that planets must orbit some of these. The sensitivity of the Aupesian equipment seemed incredible, but her acknowledgement of its superiority did nothing to ease her dilemma. What could possibly be seen on the screen? A totally dead planet? Would that be better or worse than seeing Earth overflowing with life and knowing that none of that life could possibly now exist? She tried to think rationally about each possibility, but discovered that knowing what had happened was very different to being in a position to see the recent disastrous history of Earth replayed in front of her eyes. Logically, she told herself, she shouldn't be able to see pre-war Earth since she couldn't believe they'd travelled far enough in thirty nine months. They would have had to have covered over two hundred light years. So, that left the possibility of watching life dying out on her planet. It had been bad enough living through it and she didn't think she wanted so vivid a reminder of what had happened. Nor did she want to see the planet just after her band of travellers had left, knowing that the few people she might conceivably be able to see were friends about to die. Leaving Earth and coming to Aupes had been quite easy, if only because she only had time to think about it when Sarah Gifford had come to see them leave. And she'd put it out of her mind all through the flight and since their arrival here. What she didn't need now was the ability to relive the whole situation, but it seemed that was exactly what she might have. Of course, she told herself, it's pretty unlikely that the definition will be as good as it was when they pointed the thing at Gifford. A small but insistent voice nagged away inside her head, telling her that Nina wouldn't have got so excited if that was the case and, despite her saying that she hadn't looked any closer, she must know what was possible. Zeftio or someone must have told her. Yes, that must be it. It stood to reason that the satellite would be able to see the surface of Earth accurately enough to distinguish at the very least larger features, like mountains, cities and rivers, or it would be pretty pointless. But deciding that the surface was likely to be clearly visible didn't help to decide whether they should actually try to look. It might help to know how far they were from Earth but that meant either talking to Bryn, and she didn't really want anyone else from Earth involved just yet, or finding out from the Aupesians. A conclusion was definitely called for, whatever it was, so she asked herself what Sarah might have done. It was a course she hadn't resorted to for a long, long time and she wasn't sure it helped, but she did make a decision. If she could, she would find out from those who already knew about the satellite's ability to see Earth, the distance in light years and then see how far she could go in picking up surface detail. The target area would depend on the distance, and therefore the time period she would be looking at. This resolution made, she hauled herself up and set off, not particularly enthusiastically, back to the laboratory. 
She was momentarily startled by an electronic voice calling her name from somewhere near her left hip, but it was just Bryn calling her on her communicator. He asked her, predictably enough, what Nina had been panicking about. Since Nikki didn't want to say anything yet about Earth being visible she had to think quickly. 
"Oh, it's a case of panic over, I think," she said, hoping she was lying convincingly, "because Nina had found out that there's a satellite that can zoom in on the planet's surface. I think she was worried about us being spied on at Gifford but there's no problem." 
"Is that all?" Bryn sounded convinced that there was more.
"Yes, Bryn, that's all."
"OK, if you say so. Are you coming back?"
"Why? Do you miss me?" She managed to put a hint of flirtation in her voice, but Bryn didn't react to it.
"Of course I do, but your presence back here might be reassuring."
"Why? What's going on?"
"Nothing serious, but it might be better if you were back sooner rather than later."
"Stop being mysterious, Bryn. Tell me what's happening."
"Well, there's nothing really, what you might call happening, exactly. It's more of a feeling."
"Look, I'll be back tomorrow sometime. I'm sure you, Plisfou and Fiona can hold the place together for a day, can't you?"
"We'll do our best. It's not really anything to worry about."
"OK, I'll see you tomorrow." Bryn seemed relieved to know that she wouldn't be away too much longer, but Nikki didn't know why her brief absence should be a problem anyway. And why did everyone have to be so mysterious, after all? Why couldn't they just tell her over a communicator link what was bothering them? Life would surely be more straightforward then. 
Nikki's preoccupation almost led her to walk straight past the laboratory, but she checked herself just in time. Nina was still working with Zeftio and the others but stood up as soon as she realised Nikki was in the room. 
"Well?" Nina asked, "what do we do?"
"That depends on the answer to a question. How far are we from Earth?"
"As far as I can tell, about eleven light years. The system for measuring interstellar distances here is different, but if I've calculated correctly that's the answer, give or take a light year."
"OK, so what we'd be looking at is Earth as it was five years or so before we left?"
"At most, probably a bit less. Of course, we might not be able to see any surface detail."
"I thought about that, but it would be pointless to have such a sophisticated system that fell short of giving detail and I'm sure the Aupesians are more thorough than that. How many people know that we can see Earth?" 
"Only us and the others in this room." 
"Let's keep it that way for now. Right, we'd better have a look." 
"Are you sure, Nikki?" 
"No, but I have to know one way or the other." 
Nina called Zeftio over and the three of then resumed their seats in front of the blank screen. As before, Zeftio manipulated the keyboard controls swiftly and efficiently, within a few seconds restoring the image of Earth. 
"You're in charge, Nikki, so where do we aim?" Nina sounded as if she craved for Nikki to change her mind. 
Nikki stared at the screen for a few moments in silence then, surprised by the steadiness of her hand, tapped a point in the upper right hand side of the screen. Nina sat back, not really wanting to see what would shortly be on the screen. Zeftio looked at Nikki before touching any controls. 
"You would like to see that area?" she asked, confirming the target as part of southern Sweden, bathed in sunshine. Nikki merely nodded. In response to Zeftio's commands the image started to grow and focus on the target area. Painfully slowly details began to emerge. The coastline and islands started to become clear, then a city started to appear. Zeftio was concentrating hard, her breathing becoming audible. Despite herself, Nina was looking in fascination at the screen and Nikki was staring intently. Still they seemed to be getting closer and closer to the ground until individual streets could be made out. Then Nikki could see that many of the buildings were in ruins. There was no indication at all of any life, human or otherwise. Suddenly, Nina's voice broke the silence. 
"I'm sorry," she said quietly, "I'm going to have to leave. I can't cope with this." Nikki stood as well, putting a reassuring arm round Nina's shoulders as she left. I know exactly how she feels, Nikki thought as she sat down again. 
"Can we come south and a little to the west?" 
"Yes, but I will go back to where we started and you can show me where you want to look now." Zeftio adjusted the image and quite quickly the whole planet was visible once again. There was patchy cloud over the peninsular that had been Denmark, but Nikki pointed out where they had lived before leaving, asking Zeftio to focus on that area. 
"I will try, Nikki, but there is cloud. I may not be successful." She zoomed in, again very slowly with Nikki peering intently at the screen waiting for the first glimpse of their previous home. 
The time dragged by as Zeftio controlled the satellite but eventually - it seemed like hours but was in fact less than three minutes - Zeftio found the settlement that, when the light they were now seeing left Earth, had been Nikki's home. As it increased in size the moment Nikki had been dreading arrived. There was clearly movement and a few seconds later individual human beings could be made out. Nikki stopped Zeftio going any closer. She abruptly became aware that her pulse was racing and her forehead was covered in beads of sweat. No matter what, she knew she had to push to the limit of what was possible. 
"Go in closer," she whispered to Zeftio, whose expression showed obvious concern for Nikki. She did as she was asked and there, before them, it became possible to tell men from women and to identify individuals, even from the very steep angle from which they were observing. Zeftio watched Nikki carefully as she focussed even closer until the image started to become less sharp. She pulled back a tiny amount. 
"That is as far as we can go." It was a simple statement to which Nikki just nodded an acknowledgement as she stared at the screen, examining each person that she could see. For a long time only her eyes moved, scanning every part of the screen, as Zeftio sat quietly, not wanting to disturb Nikki. Neither Zeftio nor Nikki could have said when it started or what brought it on, but Zeftio noticed tears running down Nikki's cheeks. 
"Are you all right?" Zeftio asked. 
"Yes, thanks. It's just that I knew most of these people and seeing them alive when I know that they are all dead, well, I thought I could handle it better than this." 
Nikki looked back at the screen, then examined one person minutely. Suddenly she burst into uncontrollable sobbing. 
"What is it, my friend?" Zeftio asked, trying to console Nikki as she had seen Nikki do to Nina. 
"My father." Nikki managed to get these two words out, then broke down completely. She was dimly aware, through the tears that consumed her, of being led away and of being given something to drink but otherwise she knew nothing more until she awoke, hours later, in the Jukkakique's apartment with just Nina and Zeftio there with her. 
"How are you feeling now?" asked Nina with genuine concern. 
"Better. Not great, but better." Nina handed her a freshly made cup of akkuzu, not telling her that it was at least the third that had been prepared, just so that she would have something restorative to hand whenever she woke. 
"We were worried there. You're not usually so emotional." 
"No, and I didn't think I would be. I decided I could handle whatever I saw, and I was doing OK for a while." 
"But?" 
"The but is that when we were on Earth I'd worked on the means of fighting the poison and had come up with a few things. None of them worked and we'd lost a few people. But then you know all this. What you don't know is that I was absolutely certain, just once, that I'd found an answer. The control team left feeling as confident as I was. My brilliant idea failed and the whole team died. Eventually I got over it, but it took a long time. Then, today, I saw my father on the screen and it all came back, all the pain that I'd got over years ago. Dad had led that team and died because I'd been overconfident." 
"I understand," Zeftio said softly, "because I too lost friends when the disease came. You know we did not have families as you did, but we value our friendships with others. It is hard to accept when they no longer live." 
Nikki looked at Zeftio with a combination of emotions. She appreciated the effort to understand and share her feelings, but she was also surprised at this display of sentiment. She couldn't remember, even when Masaya had died, any Aupesian admitting to having feelings of loss or sorrow. They certainly made everyone around them aware of them being happy, but never before had there been such a clear demonstration of pathos. 
"It is hard, Zeftio," Nikki replied, "and perhaps it serves no purpose to apportion blame even if I will always feel responsible for my father's death. But life, as we have always said, must go on and we must continue working to ensure that life does go on." 


CHAPTER 18 
While Nikki was away at Botijjo #2 things were happening at Gifford of rather more significance than Bryn had allowed Nikki to think, and perhaps even more than he really knew. Two events had triggered things off, of which the less significant was the exchange that had seen Louise go to Botijjo #2 and Plisfou assume Louise's duties at Gifford. Most people had accepted this happily enough as Plisfou was both well known and well liked in the community. She had, more than any other Aupesian, gained the respect of the human settlers and it would be untrue to say that even one person resented her presence. 
It was quite another thing, at least for some people, to be in her charge. Those that felt this way were small in number, but as is so often the way with minorities, they seemed to make a disproportionate amount of noise. 
More significant by far was the reaction to Fiona's demonstration to an audience of the most senior Aupesians, instantly followed by gentle canvassing of opinions about sperm donation for artificial insemination. Again, the majority of the community was solidly behind Nikki in her attempts to save the Aupesian race and would, at worst, do nothing to hinder the work that was being done. That minority already objecting to Plisfou's position of power in the community was beginning to raise its voice about the AI plans as well, and was gathering support at a rate which was steady, if not yet alarming. Bryn wasn't too sure exactly what the complaints were about but was well aware of their existence. He had taken some time to talk to Fiona but she knew no more than him, whereas Plisfou said that she had felt that a few people might not be happy with her doing what was seen as Louise's job but nothing had actually been said to confirm her feeling. 
Bryn felt relieved that Nikki was due back the next day, which might bring matters to a head before they graduated to anything more serious. As Alison was also up at Botijjo #2 with Nikki, he sat at home with Patlu that evening having wondered whether he should raise the subject with her. In the event he didn't need to. 
"I have been talking to some people today," Patlu said quite seriously after dinner was over, "and have learned things that make me worry." 
"I think I know what you're going to say, but carry on." 
"Plisfou tells me that some people here do not want her to be in a position of authority. I told her I did not believe this to be true, but I asked others and have been told it is true. I have also been told that others oppose the new ways of breeding." 
"Yes, I've heard these things too. Nothing has been said to me and I can't find out who is behind this. I'm sure it's nothing to be too worried about, though. It's funny that it's happened while Nikki's away, isn't it?" 
"I am sorry, Bryn, but I do not understand." 
"Well, I wonder if these things would have been said if she'd been here. Anyway, she's coming home tomorrow and you can be sure that she'll get to grips with whatever is going on." 
Any further comment either of them might have wanted to make was stopped by a knocking on the door. Bryn answered it and found Fiona on his doorstep looking more than a little anxious. 
"Sorry to barge in, Bryn, but I've got one or two things to tell you," she said as she came in. Bryn followed her in and immediately excused himself to make coffee. 
"Hello, Patlu," Fiona said cheerfully, then paused. "Of course,” she went on, "Alison's away as well, isn't she? I'd forgotten. Never mind. You've heard about what's being said, I suppose?" 
"Yes. We were just talking of it." 
"I think I might be able to add a few things. A couple of people have been a little more forthcoming, but I'll wait until Plisfou arrives - she'll be here any minute." 
She arrived just as Bryn produced the steaming mugs of coffee and he put them down to let her in, Fiona telling him who it would be. Another coffee was quickly produced and the four of them sat chatting idly about nothing in particular. 
Fiona decided to raise the topic they had all seemed reluctant to talk about. 
"Look, let's get onto the problem I came to discuss. Earlier, we thought we had two problems, being a bit of resistance to Plisfou having the same authority as Louise here and objections to Nikki's new artificial insemination plans. The first of these we can dispose of quickly, since only two or three people objected and now they know all about the exchange they're perfectly happy. They weren't so much objecting to having Plisfou, but to losing Louise. We can therefore forget about that, because it simply isn't an issue any more. The other, I'm afraid, is, and it's possibly going to get serious." 
"It is difficult for me," Plisfou said gravely, "because I know how much has been done for us since you arrived on Aupes. I do not really understand what Nikki expects but I know it is another way of reproduction. I cannot insist that anyone should accept this." 
"I understand," Bryn said, so often the moderate, conciliatory voice, "but I really don't know what you should say if the subject is thrown at you." 
"I do." Fiona sounded surprised, as if a sudden realisation had hit her. "Just say that you don't know anything about it and that any problems or objections should come to me." 
Plisfou was about to respond to this when Bryn jumped in. 
"And what exactly are you going to say to these objectors?" 
"Simple. If they don't like it they don't have to do it. Nobody is forcing anybody to do anything they don't want to do, are they?" 
"No, Fiona, they're not. But unless the rumours going around are very wrong I'm sure people know that already and there is a hard core of opposition in spite of this being an entirely voluntary programme." 
"Point taken, but I can't see what else we can do. Nikki has set us, quite rightly in my opinion, on this road and it's just as right to explore every possibility. If we are to expand the joint communities we have to manage and exploit as fully as possible the gene pool available to us. AI seems the most painless way of doing that." 
Bryn reflected for a moment in silence before a little inconsistency struck him. 
"Look, Fiona," he said, "you started off by saying that this resistance is possibly going to become more serious, and now you seem to be saying that you can handle it. Am I missing something important?" 
"Not really. I think you're right when you say that there are people objecting even though it's voluntary, but I don't know their reasons for objecting. By trying to get the objectors to talk to me I'm hoping I can find out exactly what their problem is. From what's been said to me, and it's little enough really, the objectors are growing in number even though there seems to be little or nothing to object to. We're talking about a serious subject here, because it's not practical to have the few volunteers we've got for Silomiala work flying around from city to city. There's a lot of work to do here and we can't afford to lose them for days on end, particularly as there seems to be a lot of new information coming off the computers at Botijjo #2 which we'll benefit from." 
Their discussions continued well into the night, but all they seemed to do was to go round in circles, every time coming back to Fiona trying to find out the precise nature of the objections as she had described. Plisfou and Patlu tried, as much as they were able, to contribute to the discussion but both found it difficult to be at all assertive. By the time their visitors had gone and they could retire to bed, both Bryn and Patlu felt no more certain of what the feeling in the community was than they had been hours before. 

Nikki also retired late, but found sleep difficult. She had seen what the Aupesian satellite could show, and whilst she marvelled at its creation she didn't know whether its abilities should be made public or not. On principle she disliked the concept of knowledge being withheld from her fellow settlers, but she knew at first hand what the effects of seeing into history could be. Nina had decided she couldn't cope and she was as level-headed as anyone. Nikki herself had found the emotional strain far greater than she had imagined even before she had seen her own father. Others at Gifford were, she knew, more emotionally inclined but everyone had adjusted so well to life on Aupes. Was it worth putting that adjustment at risk? Time dragged by as she wrestled with a problem that she had to resolve alone, although eventually she did succumb to exhaustion even though her mind was still spinning. 
Nina woke her, seemingly within minutes of her drifting off to sleep. Nikki tried to make sense of what was being said but failed. 
"Hold on," she said sleepily, "see if you can organise some breakfast or something then we can talk." Nina smiled, realising finally that she would get nothing sensible just yet from Nikki and went off in search of breakfast. By the time Nikki had dragged herself out of bed, showered and dressed breakfast had arrived and was eaten enthusiastically, even if it was just the dull Aupesian fare. 
"OK," she said once she had finished eating, "what were you trying to tell me?" 
"You remember I said that there was a database that we couldn't get into?" 
"No, but never mind. Go on." 
"We've found out how to get into it and we know what it is. That much we have translated. It seems to be a complete record of Aupesian genetic experiments on Earth over something like the last three hundred years of those experiments, giving names, dates, places, offspring and subsequent genealogical information. It's huge, but we tried an experiment." 
"When you say huge, what do you mean?" 
"Well, think about it. They were on Earth, spreading their genetic influence as widely as they could and keeping detailed records. There are seemingly very few recorded abductions, so perhaps the Aupesians were right when they said that they didn't have anything to do with abductions. Even pre-war, there are records of three and four generations, so the sheer number of names is vast." 
"What - hundreds? Thousands?" 
"Hundreds of thousands." 
"Are you sure? It seems incredible." 
"Nikki, a lot of what these people have done seems incredible. Yes, I'm sure." 
"OK, if you say so. So what was your experiment?" 
"It was Kirsten's idea. She said we should try searching for one individual to see what happened. So, as it was her idea we asked the machine to see if it recognised Larsson. It wasn't easy but Zeftio worked it out in Aupesian. Everything went blank while it searched, then it printed out a stream of Aupesian which Zeftio translated." As she spoke, Nina's tone changed from her normal quite matter-of-fact flatness to one that conveyed to Nikki excited trepidation. 
"Well? What happened?" 
"It turns out that, according to the Aupesian computer records, Kirsten's paternal grandfather, or at least someone who we assume is him, is directly descended from a woman impregnated by an Aupesian male well over two hundred years ago, so, if we're right, Kirsten has an element of Aupesian in her." 
Nikki sat utterly speechless, her face gradually forming a smile. Nina's own face reflected the smile as a look of relief. Neither spoke. 
"It shook her a bit, I can tell you," Nina said eventually. 
"I bet it did. What can we possibly do with this?" 
"I suppose we have to come to terms with it first. We thought we were wholly human and came here to save our race from extinction, but that just might not be the case. It takes some thinking about, doesn't it?" 
"Probably, but Kirsten's only one person, after all, and you don't seem to be certain about her being partly Aupesian. Let's not make a mountain out of a molehill." 
"It's a fair point, but the balance of probability is that we're right. Of course she might be the only one, but think about your selection criteria. Isn't it likely that those showing hints of what we've come to know as Aupesian characteristics would have scored more highly than those without?" 
Nikki didn't reply, her mind hurtling back to those lonely hours she'd spent deciding who would be on KonTiki and who wouldn't. Nina was right, of course, and the characteristics that she'd referred to included industriousness, technical ability and a natural inclination towards peaceful harmony. Nikki had selected exactly these people. Had she, without realising it, condemned all pure humans to death? That was simply too big and too frightening a thought to take on board. Slowly she became aware of where she was again, and of Nina patiently waiting for a response from her. 

"OK, Nina, I'll tell you what we're going to do. We are going to try your experiment again with each and every one of us. How long will it take?" 
"To run a hundred and eighty people through? Half a day, maybe a bit more." 
"OK, we can do that before I go back to Gifford and find out what's niggling Bryn." 
Meanwhile, back at Gifford, the day was starting with stories of the gradually growing resistance to any extension to the cross-breeding reaching the ears of both Bryn and Fiona. As had been suggested the previous evening, Plisfou had needed to point people in Fiona's direction a couple of times already and it wasn't yet mid-morning. She was definitely unhappy and sought out Fiona, thinking that she would be less exposed by being with her. The few Aupesians who had joined human families were, perhaps strangely, entirely immune from any criticism, being completely accepted as equal citizens of Gifford. This hadn't been lost on Bryn or Fiona, and was one of the reasons why they believed that the whole problem could be resolved. Despite this, Nikki's return was eagerly awaited as being the event that would bring matters to a head and then to a conclusion. As a result of this belief, Bryn wasn't too happy when Nikki called him to say that it would be late that day before she got back. 
"How late?" he'd asked, perhaps a little too curtly. 
"At least late afternoon. Why?" 
"I suppose it doesn't do any harm to tell you," Bryn replied somewhat reluctantly, "we've got a fair number of people who've suddenly decided that having anyone taking part in any programmes to bump up the Aupesian birth rate isn't a good idea. In fact the opposition is getting more and more vocal." 
"I see," Nikki said without really seeing at all, "and how many are involved?" 
"It's difficult to be sure. Enough to be worried about but much less than a majority. Maybe only twenty or thirty, perhaps more, but we can't tell how strong the convictions are." 
"So you don't really know. See if you can put it about that I'd like to see these objectors when I get back, say tonight, and I'll see what I can do to sort them out." 
Bryn seemed happy enough with this, but Nikki deliberately chose not to tell him of the revelations she'd been faced with. Somehow she needed to collect her thoughts quickly about everything that had happened at Botijjo #2 before she got back to Gifford. 

Nikki and Nina got themselves settled in the laboratory, so that the run of experiments could begin. They needed Zeftio's help, of course, and the three of them stayed closeted with the machine throughout the rest of the morning and well into the afternoon. 
To Nikki's relief there were no calls from Gifford announcing riots in the streets and when she finally took her leave with Alison she had plenty to occupy her mind on the flight. She had with her a sheaf of one hundred and eighty translated print-outs, plus the knowledge that the surface of Earth as it was eleven years ago could be clearly seen from a laboratory at Botijjo #2 and, presumably, another at Sarrijjo #1. What she was going to do with this information when she returned was, just then, a mystery to her but was perhaps less important than dealing with whatever had been going on in her absence. 
She thought hard as Alison flew them home, and gradually a sort of strategy occurred to her. She knew what her print-outs contained, information that now she actually thought about it was pretty explosive. She wasn't at all sure what situation she was going home to, or what would be needed to resolve it, but the information she had might help. A word from Alison, telling her that they would be at Gifford in a few moments, meant that she had no more time to think. 
Bryn met the aircraft and ushered the two women back to their house, saying nothing about the problems until they were sitting indoors. They had noticed a small crowd gathering around Nikki's office, but Bryn had let it be known that Nikki wouldn't be there for another hour yet. 
Nikki used that hour to establish exactly what had been happening from Bryn and Fiona, who had thoughtfully turned up with Plisfou to help Nikki. It was, Nikki thought, an occasion for listening rather than talking and by the time she needed to go and meet the group of objectors she felt she knew as much as anyone, although it didn't amount to much, about what might be said to her. She had wondered whether she should explain what had been discovered at Botijjo #2, but as time had been limited she had decided against it. It was pretty clear that she would need to reveal the discoveries to the objectors and was relieved when the rest of her family as well as Plisfou and Fiona decided that they would go with Nikki to the meeting. 

As it was a warm, clear evening Nikki chose not to go into her office, instead settling herself on the ground outside and inviting everyone else to do the same. She was not in the least surprised, but perhaps a little disappointed, to see Scott Collins prominent among the audience. 
"Right," she said when everyone seemed settled, "I gather I might have made some decisions which some of you disagree with. I want to hear your objections so that we can all agree, as far as possible, on a way forward. I know there are a couple of Aupesians here, but neither will mind you speaking perfectly frankly." 
There was a moment when no-one spoke, then, inevitably in Nikki's opinion, it was Scott who broke the silence. 
"If nobody else is going to speak I will," he said quietly, "because you and I have talked about this before. Since then things have moved on. There is nobody here who is totally opposed to the concept of giving the Aupesians any help that we can, and we all welcome any who choose to join human families. Those who have done so are popular in the community and their abilities are respected. I'm not saying this just because Patlu is here, but because it is true. There are those of us who would not want to take up the option of duty in the Silomiala, but none of us would do anything to prevent those who want to do it going ahead. I think we all appreciate the reasons why it has been done. 
"As I said, things have moved on and you've suggested a programme of artificial insemination for Aupesian cities other than Botijjo #2. I think I understand your reason for taking this route, but this is where our concerns begin. None of us want anyone to think that we believe we are in some way superior to the Aupesians, because we don't, but we do believe that there is something to be said for a pure human community living within the greater mixed community. I know that the families that we now have are producing pure human children and will be producing mixed race as well, but human children with half-brothers or sisters of mixed race don't really seem to be wholly human, somehow. 
"The programme that you propose could lead to what might become a difficult, perhaps even nightmarish, scenario, where children grow up not knowing who fathered them and those of us who choose to be donors will not know whether they have fathered children or not. I don't know if you've had any volunteers yet, and in the circumstances I'd understand if you didn't want to tell me, but I would urge anyone thinking of volunteering to think very carefully about what I've said. 
"You might be wondering why we should be so keen on retaining a pure human community. Well, we all accept that we came to this planet to survive, and if we'd stayed on Earth we'd all probably be dead now. Aupes is a beautiful place, it can't be denied, but we simply are not Aupesian. Earth is our home and always will be, no matter how long our exile here has to be. I believe that one day we, or our descendants, will return to recolonise Earth and re-establish human life there, where it is meant to be. I don't know how that will be achieved, but I have no doubt that it will be. When we achieve a return to Earth some of us believe it is vital that those who return are not tainted - I know that might seem to be an offensive word, but I’m sure you know what I mean - with non-human blood, otherwise humanity, as a race, will no longer exist. I appreciate that, because of factors that we are all aware of, it isn't possible now for our Aupesian friends to retain their purity of race, but that is not a convincing enough argument for allowing the racial purity of humanity to be destroyed." 
Silence descended as Scott finished speaking, many pairs of eyes looking at Nikki and wondering how she would react. Scott's words were, in some people's opinions, too strong whilst others believed he had delivered an accurate summary of their feelings. Nikki just sat for a moment, her face revealing nothing. 
"As always, Scott," she replied calmly, "you put your case well enough, so that even a simpleton like me can see your points. If I aspired to utopian ideals I would share your wish, even overlooking the racial melting pot that you represent as pure human. I think I'll choose to believe that you've stated your position from the highest of motives, and having made that choice I have to say I am genuinely sorry that I can't share your aspirations." 
Nikki paused briefly and shuffled a little, making herself more comfortable before she went on. 
"Let me talk to you first about the prospect of a return to Earth. What I am going to say will be just as much of a surprise to my own family as it will be to everyone else. I was called to Botijjo #2 because the research into the Aupesian computer systems had thrown up something that I, as leader of this community as well as Jukkakique, needed to see for myself. As a result of the discoveries made, I too believe that one day our descendants will be able to return to Earth, although whether the planet is resettled is a topic on which I have no opinion. My belief is based on the ability of a satellite, orbiting Aupes, which can, by means of technology way in advance of anything we could have dreamt of on Earth, not only bring us images of Earth but can also give a detailed view of the surface. It is possible to see detail as fine as individual humans on the surface. Because we are about eleven light years away, what we can see actually took place eleven years ago, so, in time, we will be able to see the effects of the poison beginning to wane and whether anything will grow again." She stopped speaking to allow the immediate impact of her revelation to pass. There was a buzz of muted conversation, which lasted for several minutes before Nikki went on. 
"I know everyone will have some interest in seeing this for themselves, and I will see what I can do about installing a link here in Gifford. If it is possible it will be done. 
"Now, let's turn to the question of racial purity. Scott is quite right when he says that the Aupesians cannot retain their purity of race, but is perhaps not as correct as he thinks he is when he says that we humans can. As everyone here knows, I had the task of deciding who was to be on board KonTiki and who was to be left behind. This was an awful job to have to do, and it needed to be done by reference to a set of criteria. I didn't know it then, and couldn't have known it, but some of the criteria I set reflected what we now accept as typical Aupesian qualities. Something else I couldn't have known then, and indeed didn't know until this morning, was that the Aupesians had kept extremely detailed records of their genetic input on Earth - I think we all know that they had visited Earth frequently and had initiated a long-term experiment to breed out our more aggressive instincts and introduce a more peaceful attitude. Those records are now available to us. 
"Nina ran an experiment on this huge database as it contains the names and locations of all the humans who originally mated with Aupesians, as well as their subsequent genealogy. The experiment was not 100% conclusive, but it seems at least 90% likely that the one person we checked has a measure of Aupesian blood although she was born of human parents on Earth. Having seen that result, I ordered that all of us who escaped from Earth should be checked in the same way. I have the results here, but have not had time to analyse them in any detail. If you would care to, Scott, we can look at one or two together." 
Scott, appearing more than a little bemused by what Nikki had to say, hauled himself up and came to sit beside Nikki. 
"Right, shall we look for me first?" 
"OK," Scott agreed, looking at the mass of hand written pages. "These are translations of the print-outs we obtained since we haven't yet got the computers to surrender information in English. Now, here we are, Nikki Weaver." 
Nikki read the sheet as Scott looked over her shoulder. His face showed confusion, then a growing realisation of what was happening. 
"You see? It seems that several generations back Aupesian blood was introduced into my family and I received it from my mother. This is, if anything, more certain than the first one I looked at. Now you, Scott?" 
He merely nodded his assent as Nikki searched through for his sheet. When she found it she handed it to him unread. 
"Well?" she asked after a minute or so. 
"The same. There's no room for doubt about the system, I suppose?" 
"Not that we can see, I'm afraid. What I will do is make sure that everyone receives their own sheet, but it seems that only a very few of us can claim to be wholly human, and none of those are male. I leave you to draw your own conclusions. I take it I can declare this meeting over? Scott, when you've had a chance to consider the implications of what you've heard perhaps you'd come and see me again." 
"I will. If, as you say, this is all genuine it seems we must rethink our position. Give me a day and we'll talk again." 
Scott stood up and, with a word here and there to those whom Nikki thought of, perhaps wrongly, as his supporters, walked slowly away. 
Gradually people drifted away after him in twos and threes, talking animatedly about what they had heard. Nikki's own little group seemed to be unnaturally quiet, but she had no doubt that there would be an intensive grilling when they were all back in the house. 

Just as she expected, the questions started as soon as the door was closed. Plisfou and Fiona were still with them and the first coherent question came from Bryn, but was aimed at Plisfou. 
"This database, or whatever," he said in a tone more of inquisitiveness than accusation, "did you know about it?" 
"No, Bryn. It is a surprise to me, as I am sure it is to you. Masaya may have known, because she had been to your world, but she said nothing to me." 
"Well," Bryn went on, "it certainly is a surprise. Shock, I think, is a better word. And learning that there's a satellite up there somewhere that can see so much detail on Earth, well, words fail me. I just can't think how it could possibly be done." 
"It certainly can be done. I have no doubt at all." Nikki's voice was low and a little shaky as she went on to recount the events that led up to her view of her own father and her consequent collapse. She also explained how she had feared that her selection of those to make the voyage to Aupes might have condemned the last remaining pure humans to death, and how the print-outs from the computers now seemed to confirm this. She spoke for a long time, and as she spoke her narrative was broken more and more frequently by her sobs as her emotions took hold of her. When she finally finished speaking she was crying almost uncontrollably. Her family tried to support her as Fiona and Plisfou, both feeling uncomfortable and unnecessary, excused themselves and left. 
Bryn found it difficult to control his own emotions. He felt deeply for both Patlu and Alison, but in his eyes Nikki was everything and seeing her broken down, crying in absolute despair was almost too much for him. He did his best to help Nikki upstairs to her bedroom but had he not had the support of Patlu and Alison he would have been unable to climb the stairs himself, much less help Nikki. 
Eventually, Nikki did drift off to sleep but a distraught Bryn insisted on remaining in her room, perched uncomfortably on a chair watching her every breath. Alison and Patlu left him to his vigil, but neither wanted to sleep. 
Sitting together their thoughts were upon Nikki's earlier revelations. Alison considered everything that she had heard carefully in the silence of the night, but really couldn't see how any of it made any significant difference to their community. Being able to see Earth didn't change anything, it was still a dead planet and they had no way of returning there anyway. Perhaps a means might be found one day, but she could see no attraction in returning simply because Earth didn't seem to offer anything over Aupes. It was perhaps a shame, she conceded to herself, that pure humans would cease to exist, but other species of humanoid had come and gone on Earth and this just had to be accepted as a part of history in the making. If it produced a race with a more peaceful attitude and a little more respect for the planet on which they lived perhaps it was, after all, a good rather than bad thing. Surely Nikki would see it this way once she'd had a chance to think. 
Patlu's thoughts were rather different. She thought about the first warning of the approach of the ship from Earth, and the many discussions about the reaction. Masaya had counselled against any defensive action, a course which, to many at the time, had seemed reckless. Now Patlu believed that Masaya may have known where the ship was from and why it had come even before it landed. It was a theory that explained some of the things Masaya had said, which hadn't made a lot of sense when she'd said them. The revelations about the extinction of the human race in its pure form were sad, of course, but there were people here now from Earth who, if they had stayed, would be dead. They had brought the priceless gift of continued existence with them, and seemed willing to share that gift with the hosts whose existence they had been unaware of when they arrived on Aupes. Some of the humans seemed, as the evening had showed, reluctant to commit themselves fully to integrating the two communities, but here the revelations seemed to have a positive effect. If those who objected were themselves partly - a tiny part, but none the less part - Aupesian their main objection would, it seemed, collapse. The man Scott had said he would come back to talk to Nikki soon and then everyone would know whether this would be the case. 
The silence in the room, as Nikki slept upstairs, watched over by Bryn, lasted a long time and it was the early hours of the morning before anyone spoke. Despite their vastly different backgrounds, Patlu and Alison had become as close as if they had been childhood friends and now neither wanted to voice an opinion that might upset the other. Ultimately it was Alison who spoke, thinking carefully about her words as she summarised her own feelings. Patlu, in turn, did the same and whilst their reasoning may have been different their conclusions were remarkably similar. By the time that they finally went to bed themselves they had agreed that the objectors seemed now to have nowhere to go and what had happened should strengthen rather than weaken the bonds between Gifford and the Aupesian communities. 
Dawn broke, soon after Alison and Patlu had retired, over a community still sleeping. Bryn emerged from his vigil as Plisfou had brought Christine to the house and she was now sitting with Nikki. Bryn felt confident enough in her medical skills to leave Nikki and he hoped a stroll around in the cool dawn air might help him. Even he wasn't too sure what sort of help he was hoping for. 
Within an hour or two people were starting to get about and an air of expectation, mixed with no small about of tension, was starting to build up. It had two centres, of course, one at Bryn's house where Nikki, he hoped, slept on and the other at Scott's. Bryn's stroll took him without any deliberate intent to Scott's house where clearly much was going on. He must have been spotted from inside because Claire Jeavons, a member of Scott's all-human family, ran out to him. 
"Morning, Bryn," she said cheerfully enough, "it's early for you to be about, isn't it?" 
"I suppose so, but I haven't slept. Nikki's in a bit of a state. Christine's with her now." 
"Yes, sorry, I should have realised. If it helps, there have been discussions going on all night here and it seems that even the hard-core of the group that attached itself to Scott are coming round. I wouldn't worry too much." 
"Thanks, Claire, but you could be wrong, I suppose?" 
"I could be, yes. It could all get out of hand again. I just don't think it will. You'll be safe enough telling Nikki not to worry. Tell her," Claire paused, unsure of what to say, "tell her we've done well here and we wouldn't have done nearly as much without her. Everyone knows that and that she really hasn't put a foot wrong. They'll see that she's right." Claire hugged Bryn briefly, then, with a swift glance over her shoulder, disappeared back indoors. Bryn had heard her words and now, as he strolled away, considered whether she had actually meant them or was just trying to cheer him up. On balance, he decided that she had meant what she said. 

Nikki was up and looking better when he got back, although Christine didn't seem too happy. 
"She's tired, Bryn. A lot has hit her in too short a period and she can't let go just now. I know what's expected today, but she's going to have to slow down. Taking a week or two off completely wouldn't do her any harm. She's collapsed twice now, but made sure I didn't know about it either time. See what you can do with her, because she tells me she'll do as I tell her but I know she really ignores everything I say." 
Nikki, of course, heard every word as she was supposed to and knew that Bryn would suffer no nonsense from her. She watched as he led Christine to the door. 
On the doorstep Christine turned to Bryn and looked just a little more seriously. 
"She'll have to slow down a lot soon, or she'll lose the baby. Yes, you idiot," Christine smiled at Bryn's puzzled expression, "she's pregnant. You can tell her - she probably wouldn't believe me." Christine turned and hurried away before Bryn could think of anything to say. He simply closed the door and went, slightly dazed, back inside. 
With only his family and Plisfou there, Bryn announced the pregnancy loudly, Nikki's reaction being a smile of understanding. She now knew why she had been feeling distinctly strange, but the news had other effects. Suddenly, it seemed as if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders, the weight of trying to drive things forward without a specific, personal, objective. Now she knew with blinding clarity why she was doing the things that occupied her days. 

Bryn received a call later in the day which he kept to himself. He asked a few questions of the caller, but Nikki, Alison and Patlu were too absorbed in their pre-maternal chatter to bother with whatever Bryn was doing. Plisfou, still at the house despite having other things to do, did ask him casually if it had been anything interesting. 
"Yes. Scott wants to see Nikki, so I told him to come here later. It seems Claire may have been right when I spoke to her this morning." 
"Claire?" Plisfou was perplexed by the reference to Claire. 
"She said she was sure the others would come round to Nikki's views. It seems that might be right. Anyway, we'll see when he gets here." 
Bryn called Fiona and asked her to join them, which she did happily enough before Scott arrived. She wasn't told Nikki's news, and neither was Scott when he finally turned up. He seemed perfectly happy and relaxed. 
"Yesterday," he said to the group in the house, but so obviously addressing his remarks to Nikki alone, "was a shock to us all. I've spoken to Zeftio at Botijjo #2 about the output from the machine - I hope you don't mind, but I really wanted to see if there could be a significant error somewhere - and it seems that the data coming out is pretty reliable. That means that the objective we were arguing for can't now happen. Even if we go back to Earth some day we can't repopulate it with humans because we're all a little bit Aupesian. 
"Once we'd accepted that, and some people took a while to accept it, things became much clearer. You can take it that there is no longer any opposition at all to the artificial insemination programme, and everyone is wholeheartedly behind any attempts to increase the integration of human and Aupesian society. One or two leisure activities are now starting up, sports and drama spring to mind, and these will, I'm sure, be enthusiastically supported by humans and Aupesians alike." 
Scott paused, but as no comment was forthcoming he carried on. 
"At the moment there is a committee, for want of a better word, running things here made up of you, Nikki, plus Bryn, Fiona and Plisfou while Louise is up at Botijjo #2. Also, we are supplying Botijjo #2 with its Jukkakique, in the form of your good self, Nikki. I think it would help to avoid a repetition of the events of the last few days if someone from the erstwhile objectors joined that committee. I've discussed this with those who were in that group and it seems to be generally agreed that we don't want these disputes happening and this is as good a way as any of avoiding them. Anyway, it has been said that I should put myself forward to sit on the committee." 
There was a murmur of agreement around the room before Nikki spoke. 
"Scott, what you've said has cleared some pretty awful thoughts out of my head. I think you should be welcomed with open arms onto the committee, and I also think that from now on Fiona should take the chair and be the head of this community. I have the responsibility of being Jukkakique as you say, and soon will have the additional responsibility of motherhood. It seems as good a time as any to step down, but I would like to stay on the committee, unless anyone objects?" 
There were no such objections, but Bryn, smiling more happily than he had for a long time, spoke up. 
"I'd certainly like to second both the admission of Scott to the committee and the appointment of Fiona as its head. I assume of course that she'll accept." 
"I will accept, yes," Fiona said seriously, "if only because of Nikki's, er, condition. The only provision is that I should be permitted to pick her brains whenever I need to!" 
The atmosphere suddenly seemed to lift in the room, excited conversation breaking out in a hubbub of voices. Unnoticed, Patlu and Nikki slipped away as the conversation turned to the direction that the community might take under Fiona's leadership. Perhaps inevitably, they found themselves on the beach where Alison soon caught them up. 
"I didn't see you sneak off," she said, "but I felt unnecessary in there." Alison paused reflectively before she looked at Nikki and went on. "You've laid the foundations and Fiona will build on that now. It's really going to turn out well here, isn't it?" 
The sun shone out of a cloudless sky and Nikki looked at her two companions. Yes, she thought, it's all going to be fine. 


EPILOGUE 
The years passed quickly on Aupes. Nikki's son, David, was joined by a sister, but not before Alison had a son and Patlu a daughter. Eventually Alison produced another son while Patlu outdid the rest of the family with another daughter and twin sons. Plisfou astounded everyone when an invitation to join Scott's family was made and accepted. That family proved just as prolific as the others, helping the population of Gifford to grow rapidly. 
That, of course, was just as it had been planned before they left Earth. The Silomiala also produced its fair share of offspring and the artificial insemination programme was a resounding success. As time passed, the Aupesians looked more and more favourably on the family way of life and it soon began to supplant the old ways. 
Central to the development of the joint communities was the extraction of information from the computer systems. It was an exercise that took years to complete, but that and the commitment to paper of knowledge brought from Earth allowed an efficient education system to be established, teaching both Earth and Aupes history and language. Almost all children were comfortably bilingual and during Nikki's lifetime neither language showed any sign of dying out. 
A transport infrastructure was gradually built, connecting all the Botijjo cities by road and Sarrijjo by sea. Several large solar powered vessels were built and the whole planet was explored and mapped properly. It took a long time, but eventually the concept of holidays became accepted with trips to purpose-built resorts becoming popular. 
All this was done with no financial system at all and nobody missed that way of dealing. People just did what was necessary and each could be relied upon to use whatever talent he possessed to the best of his ability. Nikki watched this evolving with a huge amount of pleasure through her advancing years as she gradually accepted the role of the respected matriarch of Gifford. She retained the position of Jukkakique at Botijjo #2 throughout her life, gaining as much respect from the Aupesians as she had from those who came with her from Earth. 
There was an alarm when a vehicle was detected entering the Aupes system. At the time Louise was at Botijjo #2 visiting her son's family and Plisfou was at Gifford, so there was just a little mild panic until Plisfou, heavily pregnant, flew up to watch the progress of the alien. She asserted that it was no more than a periodic visit by a race known to the Aupesians to a planet further out in the system, but Louise insisted on a constant watch anyway. The craft landed where Plisfou said it would, stayed for eight days and then left. Plisfou was completely unruffled by the whole affair, whereas Louise was mightily relieved when the aliens disappeared. 
Otherwise life on Aupes proceeded in an entirely orderly fashion. Sporting and recreational activities increased as leisure time became ever more available thanks to the robotisation of many tasks previously carried out manually. Naturally, in time death had to be faced as the original settlers grew old. Nikki, Alison and Patlu bore Bryn's death stoically; the more so because he was the first of them to die. He was given a secular but moving funeral, attended quite voluntarily by the whole population of Gifford and surprisingly large numbers of people from all the Aupesian cities. Nikki felt a swelling of maternal love as her son spoke eloquently and confidently to the vast gathering about his pride in his father. At twenty five years of age David exhibited his mother's ability to lead as well as his father's engineering aptitude and his performance that day earned him an ovation from those attending the funeral. 

Perhaps the maturity of her son surprised Nikki. He was not the oldest of the children born on Aupes, although many had been born after him. Even so, his mother felt a little jolted when she realised that the next generation were already taking over. But, she thought, if David is typical of those into whose custody we bequeath the planet there is nothing at all to be worried about. Of course, the succeeding generation did slowly take over, producing in their turn grandchildren of the original settlers. There was a little confusion as the Aupesians, and the children born of Aupesian mothers and genetically modified human fathers, had a much greater life expectancy than the humans and children of human fathers and genetically modified Aupesian mothers. With each succeeding generation, however, the difference became less marked and the genetic modification that was necessary became, overall, less. It was a constant task for the biochemists to monitor each individual and concoct specific modifications for each family, but gradually the need for any changes at all to genetic make-up would disappear. 

Nikki was in her seventy sixth year when she was told that the means now existed to undertake space travel once again. She was, by now, a good deal less sprightly than in her youth, but her mind was still sharp enough to realise that Earth would be the prime destination. Yes, she was informed, there was capability to reach Earth and return. Would it be safe on the surface, she asked, and was there any evidence from the satellite that vegetation was growing? The answer she received was vague and noncommittal. She insisted on looking for herself, but could see no green growth on the surface of Earth. She wasn't surprised by this but was by her reaction, which was one of disappointment. She counselled against an expedition, but it left anyway, expecting to be away for a little over four years. A crew of six, which included Plisfou's younger daughter, had been chosen to go on a mission whose objective was to return with a representative selection of Earth culture. Paintings, sculpture, books and music were the main targets. 
Nikki watched as the rebuilt Aupesian ship left the planet, and she wondered if she would live to see the return. Of course, they might not return at all. 

The four years passed in a routine of births, the inevitable deaths and yet more progress in developing a technologically advanced society. Eventually the time came when the expedition should return and Nikki, a little more frail but constantly accompanied by the devoted Patlu, took to spending hours every day watching the satellite warning for any sign of the returning ship. One day she even admitted to Patlu that she could only die happy once the travellers had returned safely. But still the days and weeks passed with no ship entering the Aupes system. 
The time came when Nikki could no longer spend her days watching the warning system. She began making arrangements to hand over the klupixij, the symbol of the Jukkakique's authority, to Fejoq, who had held the position temporarily on Masaya's death. Fejoq, who still expected to live for another century, was willing to accept but was clearly upset at seeing Nikki descending quickly into despair. The handover was conducted with all due formality and the new Jukkakique tried to do everything in her power to make Nikki's fading life as comfortable as possible. 
Nikki knew, deep within herself, that she had been right to advise against the expedition to Earth, and that another six bodies now lay there, poisoned by the same toxic clouds that killed everyone left behind over half a century before. Her final thought as she drifted from life into death was that Earth was just as hostile to the Aupesians now as it had always been. 

Nikki was buried next to her beloved Bryn a week later. 

Again, David, flanked by Patlu and the now so delicate Alison, spoke to the assembled crowds, comprised of almost the entire population of Aupes. 
"My mother is dead," he said, his voice trembling just a little, "and I think I can safely say that we will, each and every one of us, miss her. There are six of us, however, who will not have the opportunity to grieve for her and she would have wanted me to spare a moment to remember them, the last victims of humanity's madness on Earth, and to offer our sympathy to their loved ones." David stopped speaking and lowered his head, the silent crowd following his example. 
"Throughout her life my mother said many things to me that I will remember, just as she did to so many of you. In particular there is one thing that I want this day to be remembered for, and it is this. 
"Over a long period the Aupesians visited Earth regularly and interbred with humans. Stories of alien presence on Earth were either ignored or ridiculed, but those who knew they had come and had bred with them were, without knowing it, the most important people on Earth. It is because of them that my mother was able to choose such dedicated people to come here - it is no coincidence that almost all were the results of the Aupesian experiments on Earth. That those people were so dedicated is a testimony to the Aupesians, and it enabled us, when we arrived, to do what we did to correct the terrible wrongs that humanity had inflicted on its guests. We are surely one race now, whether of human or Aupesian origin, and now let us go forward as one, living in peace and harmony without ever again unleashing death on the scale seen both here and on Earth. 
"Let us continue the work she started, in the spirit in which she worked, so that the society we create here is a living memorial not only to a civilised race but also to the dream of a truly great woman." 

THE END - OF THE BEGINNING 


GLOSSARY OF SELECTED AUPESIAN TERMS 

akkuzu - herbal beverage 
Aupes - homeworld 
Aupesian - Intelligent human-like species 
bokkaxel - robot 
bokkaxen - robots 
Botijjo - Aupesian continent 
dey - and 
dijjixol - apartment 
gaggoxol - office or place of work 
jaril - man 
jarilen - men or males 
jeje - to fly (v.) 
jejevejil - aircraft, vtol 
Jukkakique - strategist Commander 
kamiaxxiz - breeding table 
kekkenz - wheat cake 
klupixij - small mace, symbol of Jukkakique authority 
kulgnik - urine 
omia - female member of breedstock 
Omiakique - Breedstock Commander 
Paxavorra - Aggressive human-like species 
ravtapijj - tapijjux used for construction 
rekkazixij - laboratory 
Roxtamol - Attack troops 
roxx - to attack (v.) 
Roxxakique - Attack Commander 
Sarrijjo - Aupesian continent 
sil - woman 
silen - women or females 
Silomiala - Breeding stock 
tapijjux - metallo-plastic raw material 
tekrajej - satellite 
Vixtamol - Defence troops 
vixx - to defend (v.) 
Vixxakique - Defence Commander 
zaxtapijj - tapijjux used for clothing 
zijjek - intoxicating drink 
0 - el 
1 - vo 
2 - na 
3 - be 
4 - zu 
5 - te 
6 - ov 
7 - mi 
8 - pe 
9 - ko 
24 (example) - na-zu 
153 (example) - vo-te-be 


ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Les Broad is originally from the deep south eastern corner of England but insists that at least a quarter of him - the left arm, perhaps including the shoulder - is by historical accident Welsh. He says that his affection for the written word has its roots in a schooldays French lesson one wet winter Wednesday: that lesson included an introduction to the writing of Albert Camus and it has been but a short step, accomplished in a mere four decades, from that point to becoming a writer himself.
His first love might be science fiction, albeit the sub-class of the genre that he calls 'believable sci-fi', but he has on occasion wandered into other areas: some have been generous enough to call his funny stuff humour.
The point has been reached in his life where, whenever he is passed by a big, slow-moving, black, estate car, he asserts that he actually feels quite jealous of whoever is lying down in the back. If, therefore, he is to  attain his ambition of being an answer to a crossword clue in one of the better Sunday newspapers he really needs you and all your friends to buy copies of this book!
Until the point arrives where he actually gets his ride in that big black car he expects to carry on living in North Wales, where his life is dominated by a wife and lamenting the loss of his border collie bitch.
