
Avaria 
The Determined Survivor
by
M.G. Hopkins




Avaria, The Determined Survivor
By M.G. Hopkins
Copyright 2020 M.G. Hopkins
Smashwords Edition

This novel is available in print at select online retailers.

http://authormghopkins.com/





Table Of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Get The Sequel For Free!
Message From The Author
Author Bio
Prologue


There are times a person teeters on the edge of a cliff, so blissfully enjoying the world about them that they never see their pending doom until it's too late. Whether such ignorance enhances the beauty of a tranquil moment or brings a bitter tang to its memory is a choice one must make for themselves.
On a planet inhabited by cold, calloused creatures, a blue-skinned little girl who'd been playing mere moments before clung to her mother like a lifeline as the consuming sounds of forceful stomps and shouted threats swirled through the air like leaves in a storm. Her mother's strong grasp became even tighter, one arm suddenly rushing to cradle her daughter's small head out of instinct- a mother's instinct- to protect her from the horrible scene that a child could never forget. But it was too late. The girl saw them throw her father to the ground despite his every effort to save his family from them. She didn't know at the time that the distinctive 'thunk' reverberating through the floorboards as his body collided with them would anchor permanently into her brain like the clutch of an evil hand.
“Don't let what happens here today change you.” Saliah eased her grip just enough to look into her little girl's eyes for the last time, a serene smile on her features even as tears tracked down her cheeks in an endless stream. “Don't let them make you like they are. Always choose to see beauty in life, Avaria.” Her mother's voice was so calm and powerful that the girl felt almost secure for an instant. Saliah pressed her lips to Avaria's forehead tenderly, a loving goodbye forming in her heart but never managing to reach her tongue.
Then the moment ended. A powerful grip enclosed Avaria's rib cage, ripping her away. She heard awful screaming; she was barely aware that it was her own voice tearing through the night. The same door that once kept her safely tucked within her home slammed shut, concluding her last view of her parents. 
The screaming stopped, and shocked gasps took its place. She felt completely numb, like something so terrible couldn't really be happening, and she was only spectating the horrible fate of someone else. 
She always knew this could happen, but somehow she never imagined it could actually happen. Within minutes, she was rattling along in a rickety transport, an Enforcer holding each of her shoulders firmly into place. The next thing she registered was the inescapable grip of a calloused hand around her bicep as it tugged her into a vast facility, which she would soon learn felt smaller every day. 
The Enforcers pushed her into a chair and fastened her forearms and ankles to it with thick leather straps that they could barely tighten small enough to secure her seven-year-old wrist. Her mind was far too absent to even consider resistance. She simply sat, staring wide-eyed as she waited for whatever would happen next. 
A burning sensation zapped across her left outer wrist, and a pained hiss that resembled a whistle sounded through her elongated, fang-like teeth. As they moved the device away, three interlocking black rings glared up at her, etched into their place on her skin forever. This harrowing mark branded her as fundamentally flawed. Then a tight pinch seized her ear lobe and sent a series of prickles surging up and down her neck, but before she could fully process the feeling, she was being loosened and herded through another door. She was barely all the way through when it clanged shut with a resounding thud, as chillingly final as the closing of a casket. 
Right in front of her was a sign, standing alone in the middle of a dingy hallway like it was the only thing in the world. The sign only held four words, and that was all it needed to seal the fear in her sinking heart. She felt like her insides were folding in on themselves, her eyes felt heavy, she barely had the courage to whisper the words that so rudely stared up at her.
“Facility of the Marred.” 


Chapter 1


Avaria's eyes flicked open like a switch. Her sleep was dreamless, which was perfectly normal for her race, who shunned nonsensical thoughts even while they were sleeping. 
She found herself looking at ceiling tiles that might have been white many years ago, but had since yellowed and cracked like the pages of an ancient text. These same tiles had mocked her with their dilapidated hopelessness every morning for the last ten years. She swung her feet onto the floor, the rough material that masqueraded as a sheet scratching across her bare legs and abdomen. A dull light hesitantly whirred to life, prompted by the movement. 
Grungy walls. Cold floor. Two hooks. One mirror, slightly cracked. Flimsy table. Disappointingly, her grim world had failed to make any attempt at a transformation since the night before. With the same sigh that seemed to start each of her days, she rose to her feet and made her bed. Her morning routine began as she parted her long white hair and expertly arranged both sections into precise but slightly frizzy braids starting from her hairline.
A hundred pushups. A hundred sit-ups. A hundred squats.
Only slightly out of breath due to years of conditioning her body, she trudged over to the mirror to get dressed. She paused there for a moment, her bright silver eyes drawn to the three small red rings that hung from her left ear, signifying that she was the lowest class of society possible, so far below the others that she wasn't a part of society at all. Instead, she was banished to live in a place that many thought of as the edge of the world. Even if she could remove the condemning rings, the brand on her wrist would always reveal the truth of where she stood in the Chorlak hierarchy: a member of the Marred. 
She took her black torso wrap from its peg and wrapped the long strip of material around her abdomen a couple of times, then over her chest and upper back in an 'x' pattern. Upon reaching the end, she laced it into place at her side with white twine. 
When she was younger, she was optimistic enough to daydream while undergoing the tedious task of dressing herself. She would imagine what life might be like if her ear held two silver rings, displaying for all to see that she was a Chorlak Warrior. 
Supposedly, when the facility was set up hundreds of years ago, the decision was made to provide the Marred with a training facility. They were told that if they trained hard enough, if they became so strong that they could prove they were valuable to their people, they would be integrated into society. When Avaria was young, she believed it, pushing herself every day to surpass the skill of her peers. Now, she wondered if it was anything but a myth, passed from generation to generation in a vain attempt to spare themselves from a hopeless existence.
She pulled black pants up to her waist and laced the two-inch slits down each side together with more white twine. 
Closing her eyes for a moment, she took a deep, cleansing breath. The small room felt stifling as if she might suddenly run out of breathable air. The notion was ridiculous, but the space seemed so dead that it was somehow fathomable. More eager than usual to leave her allotted portion of the prison, she hurried to pull on her boots and tie them, not wasting another second before leaving the space and closing the door behind her. 
The hallway she now stood in wasn't much better, but it was long enough to trick the mind, just for a second, into thinking something interesting might be farther ahead. Her morning run took her up and down each corridor at least once and finished at the foot of the stairs that led to the tower. 
She was winded from her run, but she didn't mind, she never did. This was the only part of her day that she came close to enjoying, and she wouldn't be late because she stopped to catch her breath.
She took the stairs two at a time, dodging every loose step and untrustworthy crack with practiced ease.
Stepping into the glass observatory felt something like emerging from a thick smog. Unlike anywhere else in the windowless facility, from here, she could look out at her home planet. It wasn't a remarkable view; to the west she could just barely see the outline of endless hexagonal buildings, to the east lay the barren Ruins, and in between was a sea of white grass obscuring the light tan dirt beneath it. Fortunately, she didn't come here each day at dawn with any delusions about admiring the landscape. 
The first sun peeked over the horizon, casting a glow out into the world that just began to dim the stars and lend a slight glimmer to the blades of grass below them. This was the only moment out of every day she allowed herself to reflect on the life that she had lost. She didn't want to forget who she had been, but dwelling on it too often would distract her.
The second sun began to show itself beside the first, and she closed her eyes, allowing herself to remember in vivid detail the countless times she sat on a metal roof with her mother, watching these same suns climb into the sky. These moments of reprieve helped her maintain just enough peace to keep going and cling to some shred of faith that life would be good again someday, even knowing deep in her soul that it was likely such hopes were condemned to end in disappointment. 
She could never think of her mother without the woman's final words snapping to attention at the front of her brain like a pesky magnet. 'Choose to see the beauty in life,' she'd said, a final attempt to instill her daughter with a sense of hope and wonder that could somehow survive the harshness of the life she'd face. 
Avaria could never forget these words, but she couldn't honestly claim that she lived by them, or that she had even attempted to in a very long time. Even the breathtaking sunrises before her felt as empty as the vacuum of space, only a comfort to her because they brought with them the memory of her mother's arm around her shoulders. 
When she was young, she truly lived in awe of the world, her nature so bright and colorful that she could delight in every detail of even the most mundane aspects of life. The years she had lived since then had drained her, turned her world black and white in a way. She knew now how much pain and despair swirled about without mercy, like a never-ending tornado. 
Maybe there was still beauty out there somewhere, but there was certainly none in the concrete structure that enclosed her and nearly two hundred and fifty others in the same situation as she was. It was like a black hole, consuming everything that dared cross its path. Sooner or later, every Chorlak that resided within the Marred facility deteriorated into lifeless shells. 
Entertaining such thoughts about the life she had been confined to sparked an all too familiar strand of resentment deep in her heart. After all, it was her parents' doings that brought her here. It was their fault she was trapped in this mind-numbing abyss. She had only lasted a few weeks before anger towards them began to spark at the corners of her subconscious. Nonetheless, she couldn't bring herself to stop coming to watch the suns rise. It was her final connection to the only two Chorlak she had ever known who valued sentimental things like hope or love, and deep down, she couldn't bear to sever it. 
She opened her eyes, finding that the second sun now stood proudly above the horizon, filling the world with a soft light as far as the eye could see. The suns' rises were over.
She took a moment to banish the emotions bouncing through her brain before she headed to the food room, almost on autopilot. Already, Chorlak nearly filled the room, yet despite so many being gathered together, it was virtually silent. It always was, there was nothing worth saying or worth hearing. No one had done anything exciting yesterday, or the day before, or even the day before that. 
After grabbing a wooden bowl from the nearly empty stack, she got in line. The daily meal was the somewhat suspenseful part of each day when they would learn how much of society's leftovers had made it into their food machine. 
With her bowl held expectantly under the spout of the contraption, she pulled the crank. It rattled and sputtered in protest, but surrendered a dollop of thick, blended-up substance to her bowl. It was barely enough to call a meal today. She took her meager portions with a suppressed sigh, grabbed an eating stick, and claimed the nearest chair. The colorful mush in her bowl looked repulsive and smelled funny, but she was so hungry that the thought to reject it never occurred.
She jammed her stick into it with a sloppy sounding 'plunk,' shoveled a bit into her mouth and swallowed without chewing, effectively minimizing her contact with the concoction. It didn't need to be chewed anyway; the machine did that all on its own. It felt like sticky gel creeping down her throat, but she didn't react, she was well accustomed to the sensation.
A figure emerged at the edge of her vision as he situated himself into the neighboring chair. Still, his arrival wasn't nearly intriguing enough to draw her attention from consuming the muck before her. 
She already knew what he was going to say anyway.
“Dusk.” His voice sounded unreasonably loud, even though it was an average speaking volume. The silence seemed to amplify it. 
She quirked an eyebrow in agreement as if his statement had been much more in-depth than the lone word he had offered. She glanced at him just long enough to catch him nod, concluding their unspoken exchange.
Her bowl now empty, she stood without ever saying a word to Korbak. She didn't go back for seconds. The machine divided the food exactly enough ways to allow each of them a portion, regardless of how small that portion would turn out to be. Even the Marred, sectioned off from the rest of their people, were engrained to their very core with one fundamental Chorlak principle. The effectiveness of their people as a whole must always be the top priority. Armed with this hive mentality, they overtook nearly any race they wished to with ease. 
If she took a second serving, someone would go hungry. They would be weakened, and weakening another Chorlak damaged the effectiveness of the Chorlak people, like breaking a cog in a machine. Of course, the Marred weren't a part of the machine; their lives took place on some lower plane of existence. They could all starve to death, and if anyone ever noticed, they wouldn't care. Regardless, they clung to this unit-oriented mentality with all their might. In some small way, they felt it allowed them to identify as Chorlak citizens.
A splash sounded as she deposited her bowl and stick into the water tub, a light dusting of droplets rising quickly to coat her arm. She paid them no mind as she carried herself purposefully down the hall. 
The facility was like a labyrinth, with enough turns, twists, and staircases to make some people dizzy. She was not one of those people, at least not anymore. She was an expert at navigating the sea of peeling paint and leaky ceilings; she had been winding her way through these same corridors since she was eight.
The suns' light finally cascaded across her skin, chasing away a bit of the drabness rooted in her core. The courtyard that sat in the middle of the compound was fairly small, but it was the largest open space in the entire facility. This is where she spent her whole day, from the meal until dusk, every day, never wavering. Despite knowing society would probably never permit her, no matter how much she excelled, the ghost of long dwindled motivation was just enough to keep her training more vigorously than anyone else. Besides, she didn't know what would keep her sane if she didn't fill her days with enough exertion to drown her thoughts.
She took her training weapon of choice from its rack, a two-foot-long sword peppered with chinks and divots from too much use and too little maintenance. It was unlikely it had even been polished since the Ancients had used it hundreds of years ago.
She gripped the hilt of the weapon securely with both hands and held the blade in front of her face. Her eyes closed. She took a deep breath that felt like it expanded her whole body. Then her eyes flashed open as her sword traveled on the path of its first stroke, her lean body following the movement as naturally as if it was merely an extension of her arm. 
The second was no different, smooth, calculated, precise. Her movements flowed into one another, always changing but never ceasing, like a lethal dance. To any observer, it simply looked right, as though there were no other ways for a sword to be wielded and all who had done it before her had done something wrong. 
Throughout the day, she drilled every combat technique she knew and even sparred with some of her peers, taking care to pass on Korbak's message to a select few of them. She ended her training with the artillery simulator, a rather large contraption that allowed its user to imitate the operation of any long-range weaponry that the Chorlak possessed. The simulator itself hadn't seen a maintenance crew in perhaps hundreds of years, but fortunately, its weapon database was synced to the official Chorlak training simulators, keeping it up-to-date. She loaded the rifle simulator, as she usually did, dedicating the last hour of the day to perfecting her aim.
She preferred hand to hand combat, but among the Chorlak snipers were a must. They were a battle-oriented people, willing and ready to fight and conquer any other race that had the misfortune of crossing their path. Each Chorlak- except for the Marred- was a warrior, and it was expected for every warrior to have a working knowledge of guns, but those that could successfully hit a target from hundreds or thousands of yards away were held in particularly high regard. 
If she could ever overcome her genetic curse and fight alongside the rest of her people, she intended to be an expert markswoman. It was yet another way she could prove herself valuable to her kind if someone would ever give her a chance. 
The first sun slipped below the horizon, the second still providing the world with a hint of light. Training time was over.

Before the second sun was able to join the first, she had clothed herself in a hooded vest, secured a handkerchief about her branded wrist, and now stood leaning casually against the back wall of the Matron's quarters. At this point, it was a meaningless title for the room that could almost be described as large. According to legend, the Matron would watch the Marred, and upon finding someone they deemed worthy, arrange for them to audition their skills before the Oversight Board. The Oversight hadn't bothered to send a person to occupy the room in hundreds of years. Perhaps they never had and it was only constructed as a formality to begin with. Either way, it was poorly built and had long ago fallen into a state of disrepair so far beyond the rest of the facility that not even one of the Marred felt inclined to move into it. 
“The stench in here is astounding.” Gasmi's crisp, matter-of-fact voice interrupted the silence as she strode through the doorway. 
Avaria allowed a smirk to grace her lips but didn't otherwise respond. She had heard the woman voice the same complaint hundreds of times before. When Avaria had arrived at the facility as a traumatized seven-year-old, Gasmi, who was only about five years older, hadn't exactly taken care of her, but she had helped her learn to look out for herself and who to avoid if she knew what was good for her.
Korbak, who was about the same age as Gasmi, filed in moments later, every strand of his short white hair standing on end in an intentionally mussed sort of way. He was one of the ones Gasmi had advised her to stay away from on the grounds that he was 'most disagreeable.' Avaria had never known a time when the woman didn't use sophisticated words and thought it likely that her first utterance had consisted of at least two syllables. The woman's advice about Korbak was indeed founded, but Avaria was now highly skilled at managing those who were 'most disagreeable.' In truth, she found just about everyone unpleasant to be around, although some were worse than others. 
Soon, Tarr and Jabic joined them. They were a bit older than the others, perhaps somewhere in their thirties, but they were just as fit and agile as anyone else. Avaria waggled her fingers at Jabic teasingly, because, in lack of anyone with a decent sense of humor, her only hope of amusement was to agitate the grumps, so that was what she did. When she was younger, his tough exterior, coupled with his unusually large frame, brought her to near silence in his presence. As she got older, she learned that his interior was just as crusty and unfriendly as the facade he maintained, but she'd become immune to it. There wasn't much that bothered her anymore.
He barely glanced at her in response, both used to and unimpressed by her antics. She was sure he thought of her care-free persona as somewhat childish, but she couldn't imagine just how bleak life would be if she surrendered her personality to the level of severity at which he operated.
With all of the conspirators present, they pushed the bulky metal bed frame aside to reveal a hole in the concrete, eroded away after decades of subjection to the effects of a leaky ceiling. Her four older peers had discovered the breach and tunneled out through it not long before she arrived, but she found out about it quickly and insisted on being included. 
Avaria crawled into the tunnel first. That was the deal; if she were going to join them, she'd have to risk being sighted first. It wasn't a very high risk at all; Enforcer patrols never ventured as far from the city as the Marred facility. 
Two popular beliefs led to its never being guarded: first, society believed that it was inescapable, which was clearly an overly confident stance, and second, they thought that any Chorlak, even the Marred, had such fiercely loyal instincts that they wouldn't rebel against the Oversight. To some degree, they were right. There had never been anything that even resembled an uprising. On the other hand, the five of them were currently in the process of rebelling against the Oversight by leaving, so it could be that society had held a little too much optimism when they formed that belief. However, their unauthorized outing wasn't some grand display of rebellion so much as it was an expression of a basic, primitive need. Hunger tends to outrank most of a person's morals in the end.
The cold night air chilled her skin as she emerged from the tunnel, her eyes landing on the unignorable Ruins. 
“We're losing nighttime!” Her words were somewhere between a whistle and a speaking voice, perhaps even both at once, as they were pushed through her fangs to form the sounds that were characteristic of the Chorlak tongue.
After hoisting herself free from the tunnel, she took on a relaxed posture, arms folded over her chest as she waited for the others to join her. For some reason, the Ruins captured her attention tonight. There was no other time when the area was as haunting as it was at dusk when the final rays of sunlight illuminated the gas cloud lurking over that quarter of the planet, forbidding any Chorlak from ever daring to try and retake the wasteland. If the poison hadn't been so strongly attracted to its source, it would have easily covered the entire face of the planet, destroying the Ancient Chorlaks and bringing their people to extinction hundreds of years ago.
The eerie cloud seemed almost like a visualization of the strange feeling that was beginning to hang in the pit of her stomach, like something was happening or about to happen, and it felt like it would be something sinister. The unease didn't make any sense. Today had been no different than the last thousand days. She dismissed it as nerves; she was always unsettled when they left the facility. 
Her attention was pulled from her thoughts when a shaved head revealed itself from the mouth of the tunnel, and she reached out an arm to help Tarr the rest of the way into the open. He always struggled a bit to haul himself out because despite being built like a tank, at about four foot ten, he was even smaller than Chorlaks typically were. His short arms just couldn't get a good enough grip. Now standing firmly on his own two feet, he took a moment to give her a stoic nod of thanks before he vigorously scrubbed his hands over his garments, banishing the dirt that had collected there. He didn't much like to be dirty when he could keep from it.
Within minutes, the five of them were traveling their usual route around the facility, their dark hoods pulled low over their faces. No one spoke. There was no need to; their plan was the same every time. They had no way to know that tonight would go every way but according to plan. 


Chapter 2


Their troubles began the second they reached the pavement. In hindsight, maybe they should have paid closer attention to the little boy that gasped upon sighting their intimidating figures, but at the time, they didn't take him very seriously at all. They were used to occasionally encountering an adventurous youngling out past curfew to try and catch a glimpse of an Enforcer patrolling. Jabic took the lead after the incident. Standing at over six feet in height, he was quite a bit taller than Chorlak generally were, allowing him to spot any further potential witnesses more easily.
When they reached the storage tower, a thick fog had settled across the surface of the planet. No matter. They knew the tall chrome hexagon as though the blueprints were seared into their minds. The building was more secure than most, not because of the food stores- a Chorlak citizen's belly was never empty- but because of the meetings that happened on the ground floor. The band of Marred Chorlak had spent a lot of time studying the structure, eventually finding the perfect way, possibly the only way, to infiltrate it. 
Jabic leaned face forward against the tall guard wall, his ridiculously large arms bracing him up against it firmly. He nodded to Avaria to signal his readiness but didn't say anything. He rarely deigned to share his thoughts, and whenever he did, he had a knack for doing it in so few words that it was almost an art form. 
Avaria climbed on his back, planted her feet on his hips, and propped her hands up on his shoulders. Gasmi and Korbak helped Tarr pull himself up their bodies, which now served as a makeshift ladder. 
“Avi, are you stable?” 
“Yeah!” Avaria called in response, tightening her grip just a bit more. His feet jammed sharply into her hips as he launched himself from his perch, covering the last few feet needed to grip the top of the wall. She stared up at him as he pulled himself forward enough to sling a leg over the wall. He soon sat straddling it, looking back down at them expectantly. Realizing her companions on the ground couldn't see that Tarr was in position due to the fog, she shifted her weight to one arm and pointed to the coiled rope hanging from Gasmi's waist with her newly freed hand. Avaria fidgeted her outstretched fingers impatiently while the woman fastened one end of the rope to a grate in the street and tied a rock onto the other end. 
Finally, Gasmi passed the rock to her, and she chucked it over the wall, sounding a light thump as it hit the dirt on the other side. She watched a second as Tarr skillfully situated himself to climb down the rope before she maneuvered herself off Jabic's back in quick choppy movements, earning an irritated growl from him. She ignored his protests but did offer him a somewhat apologetic pat on the back when she was on solid ground. Having lost the extra few feet of altitude, she couldn't see Tarr sitting atop the wall anymore. 
Maybe if they had been able to see, they'd have noticed the surprise reflected on his face. But they couldn't see, so when the rock tied to the rope came sailing back over the wall, they assumed all was as expected. 
They waited for Gasmi to collect the rope and then cautiously followed the wall to the back of the building, stopping at the barely visible seam that marked the back door. They didn't wait long before the door snatched backward, binging it out of alignment with the rest of the wall, then slid a couple of feet to the side. They all filed into it without a second thought, a bit too comfortable with a strategy that had worked hundreds of times. 
When Tarr looked up at them over the control panel's pedestal, his features were unusually pinched. No one commented on it.
They approached the building together, all looking as far into the fog as possible for any signs of trouble, but tragically lacking the diligence of a person who actually expected to be caught.
They reached the garage-like loading door without incident. Avaria squinted to make out the letters above the access panel, which were changed almost every day. It seemed irrational to go to such lengths to construct a place as secure as this one, and then write the up-to-date code right by the door. However, the language of the hand-written digits was not the Chorlak tongue but rather a standard intergalactic one. Only members of the Oversight could speak languages other than the one native to the Chorlak, so the structure was impenetrable to most residents of Chorlea. 
Avaria wasn't like most Chorlaks. Her father had been a member of the Oversight Board, and he had disregarded the law to teach her not one, but four common languages. Her very existence was illegal, so the ability to speak unauthorized languages really made no difference. The skill rarely served her in life except for this one task, where it was absolutely necessary.
She pushed the vocal input button firmly. 
“Access 88923.” 
The syllables of the tongue most common amongst humans felt awkward in her mouth, her tongue not used to forming them. The voice reader didn't seem to notice the slight whistle that snuck into her voice. A barely audible whir echoed into the night as the door started to slide upward.
Her stomach rumbled quietly in anticipation. She was too eager to wait for the door to open entirely and instead chose to duck under it. She blinked a couple of times to adjust her eyes as the light clicked on, barely glancing at the empty loading room before heading for the hallway door. 
“Stop!” Tarr hissed, grabbing her elbow. 
“What's up with you?” Her raised eyebrow accentuated her indignant tone. “You've been wound up since we got here. Relax.” She patted him on the bicep lightly, as if that simple act would rid him of tension.
 Of all the Marred, Tarr was the least drone-like. Although his face rarely ventured too far from the blank expression that Chorlak spent the majority of their time wearing, she knew that beneath it was a person more tender than most of the others. Perhaps there was a bit more to everyone than their sour faces made it seem like, but Tarr couldn't hide his thoughts as well as the rest of them had learned to. Occasionally, he would even hint at a smile when Avaria said something particularly witty. Still, he usually managed to hold up a strong, confident expression, but at the moment, barely stifled signs of discomfort were tugging at his features.
Tarr huffed and glanced around to find the others were now staring at him, also awaiting an explanation with varying levels of annoyance. Avaria pulled her elbow free as she turned to face him, her eyebrows lifting even further as he neglected to answer.
“Well?” Korbak probed, his tone testy. 
Avaria cut her eyes at him, but quickly fixed them back on Tarr to see how he'd respond. He growled slightly under his breath but didn't push back against the younger Chorlak's snappiness. “We can't go that way, not tonight.”
The hallway led into the conference room, where the group always took the elevator up to the food storage floors. 
“What exactly are you omitting, Tarr? You're not making any sense.” Gasmi's tone was even sharper than usual with her irritation. 
Avaria opened her mouth to voice her agreement, but before she could form a coherent thought, the others chimed in, all speaking at once so that no one could understand the others. If she didn't know any better, she might even think she'd heard Jabic say more than five words in a row. She abandoned her attempt to speak, not bothering to stop the animalish growl that formed in her throat, unimpressed with her comrades' lack of focus. She left them to their nonsensical arguing and cautiously crept down the hallway, forgoing Tarr's warning. Nothing seemed out of place, all of the doors were shut, and there were no signs of movement. The hushed, irritated voices faded behind her the closer she got to the conference room.
All of a sudden, she gasped sharply, every muscle in her body going rigid at once. An unexpected, unwelcome voice was echoing into the hall.
She was frozen in place for a moment, able to do nothing but listen. A few seconds later, she determined that the sound was, in fact, several voices, and they were all coming from the conference room. She didn't understand it. The Operators only convened every full moon, and tonight was no full moon. 
Part of her, the logical part, knew she needed to turn back. They had to leave while there was still a chance to. They never did this when people were here, and they couldn't start now- or at least they certainly shouldn't. Any Marred caught outside the facility was condemned to execution by default. No trial. No discussion. No review before the Oversight board. Lethal injection within 24 hours of capture. Yet the other part of her, the hungry part, pushed her further down the hallway, her body crouched low to the ground as if that simple act would camouflage her.
She could soon distinguish five separate voices, no doubt belonging to the Operators. If she was quiet enough to avoid them detecting her, she could get into the control room and unlock the staircase near the loading area. They wouldn't know she was ever here. Her heart quickened its pace, like a bomb about to explode. To her own ears, her carefully placed footsteps sounded like rolling thunder. She could feel deep down that this was a bad idea, but the gnawing in her stomach firmly stifled her characteristically logical thoughts and pushed her forward in spite of them. 
She heard the voices clearly now. They were discussing the fact that there had been more than two hundred new births so far in this moon-cycle, an unusually high amount for a race of only around one hundred thousand. Avaria deduced that this was what caused them to have a genetic submission day nearly two weeks before the scheduled one. She crept closer; the control room door was only a few arm lengths away.
Then she heard an Operator utter her least favorite word that existed in their language. Algorithm. She stopped in her tracks. The feelings that welled up inside of her weren't anger, not really, they could only best be described as betrayal. The word represented the system that stopped her from walking among her people. She knew what the Operators did, but now it was forced directly into the front of her mind. She enjoyed thinking about the algorithm as much as she enjoyed walking on shards of hot glass. The Operators entered every Chorlak on the planet's DNA into the computer for it to process through the algorithm. Indirectly, their entire race was ruled by the algorithm. It compared the genetics of each Chorlak to one another, deciding which infants showed the most ideal disposition to one day be on the Oversight. It chose each member, from the High Overseer down to the eight board members. 
If that were where its authority ended, she wouldn't mind at all. In fact, she wouldn't even be thinking about it because she would not be one of the Marred. The Marred wouldn't exist for her to be one of them. But that was not the full extent of the algorithm's power.
Optimization. That was the purpose of the algorithm. Creating the most powerful, efficient version of the Chorlak possible. The most crucial piece of a strong society was producing capable children, and such children came from parents with the most compatible genetic make-up. It was the algorithm that assigned two individuals to each other as mates in order to create the most optimal next generation; that was the system. There was no mercy for those who had the audacity to violate the system. 
With no warning, a hand clamped over Avaria's mouth. She jumped, so thoroughly startled that she was sure she'd leaped out of her skin for a split second. 
“We have to go,” Korbak hissed into her ear.
Avaria snatched his hand away, turning to face him in one smooth motion. 
“We can still make it work, I-” 
“No! What's wrong with you, we'll all get killed. Tarr is a fool! He should have told us to turn back as soon as he saw people going inside.”
Her proposition died on her tongue. She knew her disagreeable ally was right. The same hunger that made Tarr behave so carelessly was affecting her judgment too. She pursed her lips, irritated that the situation forced her to agree with him, but she nodded. Her hunger seemed to relent a bit as if it accepted the fact that it would be ignored. 
Korbak jerked his head indicatively the way they came. Her lips formed a hard line as she passed him, knowing he relished the feeling of superiority when her own logic demanded that she concede to his point of view. She didn't look back to see if he was following her down the hall. Although his steps were silent, she knew he had to be; there was nowhere else for him to go. She was still crouching, but her posture was straight and confident, nonverbally denying him the satisfaction of seeing her display embarrassment.
Her defiance was rudely interrupted when an explosion of sound erupted from behind them. They both froze, their subtle rivalry forgotten as their heads twisted around to stare at the double doors of the conference room as if the dark metal coating them would provide answers. The loud clamor continued, sounding almost like a parade. A very angry, unorganized parade. 
“A boy reported suspicious characters in this area,” a booming voice deadpanned, “Did anyone authorize the opening of the storeroom door?” 
Avaria's chest felt like it was being squeezed; her eyes met Korbak's, and she briefly wondered if her own skin looked as unhealthily light as his did. They both seemed to snap out of their shock-induced trance at the same moment, casting stealth aside as they burst into a run. They couldn't have moved faster if molten lava was inches from their heels. She posted her hand against a corner, using it to pivot around without slowing down much, then promptly collided rather hard with a very large body. Stars peppered across her vision, but hands secured her shoulders before she could wobble too much. 
“Enforcers in the storeroom.” Jabic's features were tightened with intensity as he spoke. 
“Did they see you?” 
“No. They're coming.”
Gasmi, who had been eclipsed by Jabic, darted around him to make herself known with Tarr close behind her. 
“They are aware that we opened the loading door,” she informed them.
“Okay.” Avaria massaged the skin over the left side of her brain, as though the action might stimulate intelligent thought. “Start trying doors.” 
All of the others, even Korbak, were too desperate to question her newfound assumption of leadership, and she joined them as they frantically jiggled the knobs, confirming door after door as locked. 
“Here.” 
Gasmi worked her jaw in worried impatience as they herded into whatever lay beyond the door she'd found. 
The room was empty save for a chair and stacks of computers with blinking lights lining the wall. Gasmi shut the door and locked it. Seconds later, they heard stomping feet fast approaching. It seemed they had hidden just in time, but they were far from being out of danger. 
“Now what? They'll find us here.” With these words, Tarr made the mistake of bringing attention to himself. 
“This whole mess is on you!” Korbak's lips peeled up into a snarl, furthering the impact of his gruesome tone. 
“How could you not inform us immediately when you saw the Operators going in? You should have disclosed it to us the very instant you saw them from the top of that wall! We had every right to know what we were about to walk into.” Gasmi's voice was more scolding than angry, but it fueled the building tension nonetheless. 
Korbak straightened to his full height as he burst aggressively into Tarr's personal space. For an instant, it looked like the smaller man might just shrink back, but it passed so quickly it could have been imagined. He squared up his body in response, puffing out his chest and stretching his neck to push his face up to Korbak's face. Chorlak didn't fight amongst each other; it wasn't dignified or productive. Usually, Korbak was a well-disciplined rule-abiding Chorlak, but Avaria had never seen him so thoroughly provoked. Tarr seemed to sense the danger in the atmosphere; his features were starting to lose their hard edges, and the thumbs of his tightly clenched hands were fidgeting a bit. Still, he showed no signs of backing down. 
“Hey!” Avaria threw her hands up in exasperation as if she was attempting to manage unruly children. “Pull yourselves together! You squabble amongst yourselves all you want once we get back, but you're not getting me killed, not tonight!” 
“Who do you think you are?” Korbak rerouted his wrath to her in record time, his tone so distorted by the animalish growl tearing simultaneously from his throat that his words were almost lost. 
Her snarl in response was more annoyance than aggression, almost offended by the magnitude of his pettiness. Her placating expression must have brought his childishness to his attention because he visibly diffused a bit, and she took the opportunity to try and refocus the group. 
“Tarr was right. The Enforcers are going to find us, that's a done deal. Only a matter of time. So how are we going to get outta this?” 
“Window.” Jabic nodded in the direction of it. “It's too high.” He was right; the window was at least four feet above his head, even he couldn't reach it. 
All eyes fell upon the lone chair, each with the same thought, but it could only bring them a couple of feet closer to their escape. Besides, it looked wobbly. Struck by another idea, Avaria approached the wall, brows drawn in concentration. As she expected, the black wall was composed of bricks, each separated by a thin layer of grout. She pulled back the flap of her vest, exposing her training belt, which was equipped with a pair of small knives. She jammed one into a seam at hip-height and then inserted the other higher up, at her eye's level. Catching onto her idea, Jabic gave her his knives. 
“Marred training knives,” he stated blandly. His words sounded like they were just an unnecessary clarification, but Avaria caught his line of thought. When the Enforcers came, they would find the knives and know that their owners came from the Marred facility.
Using the two knife handles that now protruded from the wall as climbing pegs, Avaria ascended it high enough that she could install the additional blades the same way. 
“Well, we have two options. First, they come in here and find an empty room with our training knives. Second, they find a room occupied by us. Personally, I'm much more comfortable with the former.” Her words ended with a grunt as she twisted her upper body backward to gain momentum, then swung her elbow through the glass, reducing it to hundreds of shards. It hurt, her elbow felt warm with what she knew was her blood, but she was confident that being shot by Enforcers would hurt much more. 
“Someone toss me their vest.” 
Encouraged to hasten by a new round of Enforcer activity audible in the hallway, the group cooperated, and within seconds she was spreading a vest over the broken glass in the window frame. 
She crawled through it, only falling a couple of feet on the other side. 
“Come on!” She whisper-yelled, leaning back through just long enough to see Korbak following her route up the wall, then returning her attention to the immediate surroundings.
There were no signs of Enforcers up here, not yet anyway. Her crouched body was pressed close to the wall as her eyes darted back and forth. Without thinking, her fingers began to drum an impatient, unsteady pattern against her knee. Each second she waited felt miserably long, as though time were suddenly buckling under a heavy burden. She refused to allow herself to become antsy, instead choosing to take deep breaths through her nose and exhale through her mouth to keep her thoughts slow and controlled. 
After what felt like enough time for her to memorize a dictionary, she was helping Tarr pull himself through the window. With everyone finally outside the building, she snatched up Tarr's vest from where it lay over the broken glass and jammed his closest arm through the hole before lightly shoving him towards the back gate, not giving him time to situate the garment properly.
 “Hurry up!” She hissed, her urgency validated by the floodlights that sprang to life without warning. 
They raced around the structure in single file, as close to the wall as they could get without slowing down. The back door came into view, and to their relief, it remained ajar, promising them salvation. Just as their hopes rose, it started to shut. Avaria charged ahead of the others, adrenaline pulling a final burst of energy from somewhere deep within. The courtyard felt more extensive than it ever had before, as if she were moving in slow motion while the door was on the fast track. She caught a glimpse of something just ahead of her, its creamy color making it barely distinguishable from the white grass it lay in. She stooped to grasp the broken branch as she passed it, her momentum propelling her into an unintentional forward roll. She didn't miss a beat, landing upright and resuming her pace as though she'd never been interrupted. 
The door was mere inches from snapping into place and enclosing them within, but she was close now, only a few feet away. She held her stick at the ready as she covered the last bit of ground, and with all the strength her muscles could produce, she jammed it into the track on which the door slid, forcing it to halt with groans and creaks of protest. She continued through, only skidding to a halt when she was safely outside. The others were only a few steps behind her and leaned into their pace even more when monstrous clamoring erupted into the yard behind them, each shout vehemently commanding them to stop. 
Gasmi slowed enough to angle her body to the side, successfully sliding through the opening with Korbak and Tarr just behind her. Avaria jogged a few steps backward towards the city's edge, hesitating to commit to a full run in favor of visually confirming that the others weren't far behind her. Just as she started to turn around, Jabic called out, pulling the group's attention. 
He was stuck, his broad, muscular body caught into the small space her stick-wedge had allotted them. They all grabbed his outstretched arm and pulled in unison, causing him to growl in pain. It was no use; he wasn't even close to fitting through. Korbak abandoned his efforts first. 
“We have to leave him.”
“Don't even think about it!” Jabic snarled through savagely bared teeth. 
Avaria had always thought of him as something like a statue, hard and unaffected by anything in the world around him. However, at that moment, there was a crack in his armor. Beyond the anger on his face, she glimpsed the fear in his wide eyes.
She released her hold too. There was no way his body was going to be made to collapse enough to fit. It just wasn't possible. But he was one of them, a member of their unit. Without him, they would be weaker. Beyond that, guilt welled up inside of her, the very non-Chorlak part of her insisting that they couldn't leave him behind.
“There's nothing we can do for him now! It's done! We have to go now! Right now! We'll all die here, and that won't do any good for anyone.” Korbak yanked her back, emphasizing his point.
She could see the Enforcers not far behind Jabic; they would be here within seconds. She pushed sentimental thoughts from her mind, narrowing her focus only to the strength of the unit, as a Chorlak was expected to do. Korbak was right, there wasn't a thing they could do, and they would be a far weaker unit if they all perished here than if they only lost a member. 
Gasmi and Tarr still held Jabic's arm, although they were no longer pulling. They both locked their eyes onto her as if her agreement would somehow factor into their own decisions. She looked at Jabic; the fury on his features was interrupted by flickers of desperation that took increasing prevalence. She bit her upper lip in consideration, stress welling inside of her as she was forced to make an impossible decision in an instant. Her brows pinched just slightly in turmoil as she made her choice. 
“Leave him. Let's go.” Her voice didn't crack like she would have expected, and it was good that it didn't. Emotion wasn't encouraged among her people. 
Tarr and Gasmi hesitated, but they released their grip. She could see on their faces that they were hiding unwelcomed emotions, just as she was. She had seen Tarr's facade waver before, but seeing Gasmi experience a moment of vulnerability was strange and somewhat eerie, like something that would only happen when the world was ending. 
Jabic started to shout at them hysterically; it was the most sound Avaria had ever known him to produce. Enforcers were now holding him in place on the other side, they were, without a doubt, about to open the door.
Korbak started running, immune to Jabic's anguish, and it was enough to prompt Gasmi and Tarr to follow suit. Avaria lingered just a moment, looking straight into Jabic's eyes as the rage reflected there faded away to acceptance. 
“Forgive me.” She spoke barely above a whisper, shame for her sentiment softening her voice.
“Go.” His tone was flat, his features neutral.
“I'll never forget you.” It was a promise that she knew would be easy to keep.
The door rumbled to life, and she burst out running, completing the abandonment even as her heart clenched protestingly in her chest. She dared a glance over her shoulder in time to see the Enforcers had fully surrounded Jabic. They threw his body to the ground, and the 'thud' that echoed into the night etched itself into her brain forever, just as a similar 'thud' had done all those years ago. 


Chapter 3


It took over an hour of weaving between buildings and climbing over fences for Avaria's endurance to prove superior to that of the Enforcers pursuing her. She was so exhausted by the time she got back into the facility that she'd slept through the sunrises for the first time in years and barely made it to the meal. 
The group that had gone out with her didn't speak to each other very much for the rest of the day, only congregating a moment to decide amongst themselves whether or not Enforcers had ever gotten a good look under any of their hoods. They concluded that it was unlikely. No one spoke of Jabic, but the very real possibility that he would reveal their identities to the authorities hung in the moments of silence. It was the only chance he would ever have to exact revenge on them for leaving him behind. In truth, none of them knew Jabic well enough to determine whether or not he possessed such a vengeful nature. They only knew that he was a man of few words. Chorlak rarely became close to one another. Instead, they tended to simply coexist in the world.
Even though Avaria didn't feel any significant personal bonds to Jabic, her insides began to churn violently as dusk approached. Jabic, who she had known for nearly ten years, would be executed before morning if he hadn't been already. She barely slept that night, although she'd never admit it.

Several days passed before her fingers could stop their new habit of anxiously drumming on any flat surface available, and it was several days after that before tension finally surrendered its hold on her body. No one had come to the facility in search of them, and there were no signs that they would. Rumors about Jabic's disappearance floated about, offering just a bit of animation to the otherwise dull faces of the Marred. Some said he had been integrated into society while others swore they'd seen him escape the facility, only to tread into the Ruins and commit suicide by way of the genetically engineered poison that lingered there.
She relaxed fully when the two-week mark rolled around, confident at last that nothing would come of it. If she had held to her discomfort a little longer, she would have been more prepared when her morning trip to the observatory allowed her to catch sight of what looked like a solid black cube approaching the facility. She knew better, of course. The cube wasn't solid at all. It was a transport, bringing with it the visitors she had so ardently dreaded.
All of the stress that had gradually alleviated seized her again at once; if she had looked down, she would see she was grasping the railing so tightly that her hands were nearly white with hardly a trace of the blueness characteristic of Chorlak flesh. But she couldn't look down. Her eyes were fixated on the fancy vehicle as it quickly closed the distance between itself and her. She supposed she could warn her group about the threat, but it wouldn't do any good. 
She could now distinguish a golden ring painted on the front of the cube. The situation was even worse than she could have imagined. Her mind raced, but in spite of her efforts, she couldn't fathom a single plausible reason for a member of the Oversight to come here in person.
No amount of deliberating would stop their approaching doom, so instead, she decided to meet them at the entrance and get whatever was going to happen over with. She meandered down the steps slowly, curiosity compelling her feet to move and dread causing them to drag. 
She arrived at the two massive front doors just as they began to roll open with hideous cracks and snaps, almost like the mechanism was screaming. No doubt, it had been hundreds of years since they had last been asked to perform their primary function. Some distant part of her mind begged her to cover her ears, but she didn't, the inclination was too foggy to commandeer her attention.
Behind the doors was a parked transport cube, but her focus centered upon the three figures that stood in front of it, each with their hands clasped formally behind their back. Two of them were Enforcers, she could tell by the assortment of weapons fastened to their belts. The third one stood in the middle, just a few paces ahead of the Enforcers. Two silver rings in his ear indicated that in spite of his commanding presence, he was, in fact, just a warrior class Chorlak, not a member of the Oversight. At first glance, he looked entirely average. However, it only took her a moment to notice that his torso wrap boasted a gold stripe sewn diagonally on the material over his heart. It was this stripe that distinguished him from all other Chorlak, marking him as a Representative. Whenever the High Overseer or the Vice Overseer couldn't be present, the Representative would be sent in their place.
She expected them to seize her immediately, equipped with a description supplied by Jabic, but they strode authoritatively into the building and passed her as though she wasn't there at all. She stared after them, her mouth just barely agape in a shocked sort of relief. 
Other members of the Marred started to emerge into the corridor, summoned by the resounding clamor of the door. They all glanced at each other with uncertainty, searching for answers in one another's faces but finding none. Some eyes landed upon the abandoned doorway, the chance of freedom appearing to be within their grasp, but none dared to attempt it. Even if they liberated themselves from the walls of the facility, where could they go?
After a few moments, Avaria clamped her startled jaw shut and took the only reasonable course of action her brain would supply. She started towards the hallway where their visitors had disappeared, for no reason other than to witness whatever they came to do. Shuffling feet behind her indicated that her idea was catching on, but she didn't care to turn and confirm it. 
It wasn't terribly difficult to guess where the trio was headed; every door in this particular hall led to sleeping quarters except for one. She strode through the still ajar door of the courtyard, halting several yards away from the foreboding trio. From the corners of her eyes, she could see the Marred fanning out on either side of her, gradually forming a wide circle around the visitors. The Representative stood tall, hands clasped once again as he considered the crowd around him through narrowed judgmental eyes. He turned a moment, speaking in hushed tones with one of the Enforcers at his side. He stroked his bright white but graying beard a moment before nodding slightly, seemingly satisfied with whatever had been said. 
He resumed his gaze as the Enforcer fiddled with a fold in his torso wrap, eventually withdrawing a piece of paper that he handed the Representative. 
“Attention, brothers and sisters of the Marred.” His face tightened unattractively as he spoke. Clearly, he lacked enthusiasm for his own words. 
“I am Worg, representative of our esteemed Vice Overseer, Zileca.” He paused, eyes running across the faces of his audience to ensure he held their attention.
“Beginning the third morning from today, each of you will be granted an opportunity to prove yourself through a Battle of the Ancients.”
Murmurs swept through the crowd, their tones unsteady with horror. Avaria didn't speak; she was too stunned. This had nothing to do with her group's outings, something far more sinister was at work. The use of such savage battles had been abandoned centuries ago, replaced by the more sophisticated system that now governed their people. Modern Chorlak reflected on the practice with disdain, recognizing it for what it was: a population diminishing, uncivilized struggle for power. 
The primitive method was very straightforward. Once a year, both suns rose in alignment as though they were one. When that happened, every Chorlak on the planet gathered together in a massive valley near the heart of what had since become the Ruins. There, every adult fought against each other two at a time until only one victor remained to be deemed the leader of the Chorlak race. It wasn't exactly a fight to the death, but it was a fight to surrender. Of course, if an opponent refused to acknowledge their defeat, they promptly found themselves dead.
Avaria had to consciously restrain her jaws from worrying her upper lip, vaguely aware that she ought to pay attention to the rest of the Representative's words.
“Once the winner is decided, that individual will be granted the esteemed honor of integration.” 
Integration. The word lingered in the air, like a bright star shining through a billow of smoke. She could see the faces of her peers morph into hope, their disdain from moments ago discarded. For a few precious moments, her own body felt light as air, almost like she was floating, but the weight that had rooted itself in her stomach pulled her back down. She was not so wholly swept away in her aspirations that she was blinded to the disgraceful thing they were being commanded to do.
The Representative folded the paper with an unsettling sense of finality and handed it off to the Enforcer.
“The Vice Overseer herself will arrive to judge you and select a winner. I will remain here to greet her when she arrives.” 
With that, he made his exit, marching past the astonished faces with his nose held high. 
It was anyone's guess how much time had passed before any of the Marred showed signs of life, each too stunned to muster any reaction beyond an astonished stare. They were finally being thrown a lifeline, but it was covered in thorns. Grabbing hold of it would come at a price.
Avaria considered her fellow outcasts for a few moments. She knew how they thought; after all, she was one of them. The elation that long-awaited hope brought to them was so intoxicating that what the Representative had proposed was no longer so repulsive. In exchange for abandoning the dignity they had been taught to cherish for one short day, they were being offered the opportunity of a lifetime. Although she remained disgusted at the savagery they were being called upon to display, she couldn't help but fixate on the possibility. The longer she thought about it, the more willing she became to participate. She would have to take part in the battle like everyone else whether she wanted to or not, so she might as well win.
Snapping out of her musings, she straightened her posture in determination. What they were being forced to do was wrong. It fundamentally violated the way that the Chorlak race was structured. But it was the only chance she would ever have.

The Marred trained with newfound vigor for the rest of the day, all the while sizing each other up to determine the greatest competition. It seemed foul to study each other in a way so predatorial, but Avaria was just as guilty of it as the others, refusing to acknowledge how demented it made her feel.
When the air had grown cold, now lacking suns to heat it, they gradually began to drift back inside. No one had bothered to stop for the morning meal, so they were all especially hungry when they arrived at the food room. It was much livelier today. They finally had something interesting to discuss amongst themselves. 
Avaria plunked her bowl down on the table, but before she could sit Korbak intruded into her space, so close to her that he consumed her field of vision. She was more amused by his unprompted invasion than irritated. He always jumped at any chance for confrontation, although she couldn't imagine how she might have summoned his wrath on this particular occasion. A relaxed smirk and lifted eyebrow conveyed her unprovoked state as she waited for him to spout off. 
His episodes brought a bit of liveliness to their otherwise dull world. However, he said nothing, instead leaning his face even closer to hers in a way that almost seemed... intimate? It caught her completely off guard, possibly more than anything else in her life ever had. Her whole body went rigid, frozen into place. She was fully confident he didn't harbor feelings for her. In fact, if she learned that he had feelings for any other living creature at all, she would be stunned into eternal silence. 
He was nearly a model Chorlak, operating only on logic and necessity. His only character trait inconsistent with the no-nonsense Chorlak teachings was his tendency to pick fights with others, but one could argue that, under the circumstances, even that was a tactical decision designed to separate him from everyone else. Perhaps, like the Chorlak society all of them desperately wanted to be integrated into, he believed himself better than the Marred.
One thing Korbak could be counted upon to do was always be irritable, but at that moment, he was like a different person. Something very strange was happening, but she was too thoroughly distracted to pinpoint exactly what. Her cocky expression, although unmoved, suddenly felt stale and severely lacking authenticity, as though her features were just lagging behind her real emotions.
Everything around her seemed to fade as her mind raced to process what was happening, but her stubbornness kept her from backing down to diffuse the situation. Korbak cupped her jaw, furthering her astonishment, oddly it seemed like he might kiss her. The very thought was enough to revitalize her features, drawing them together in muted aggression. 
She wasn't overly fond of any other members of the Marred, they were all bland, boring, and ill-natured, like most of her race, but Korbak was truly one of her least favorite people alive. Curiosity contained her reaction, but if he even twitched a bit closer, she was fully prepared to jam her eating stick through his liver.
“Good luck.” His words sounded bitter, entirely contrasting his strange display.
His hand fell, and he pushed past her as though nothing unusual had occurred at all. She remained rooted awkwardly to the spot, brows drawn in uncertainty. She glanced at him over her shoulder to find that he was behaving normally, he had gotten himself a food bowl and was now sitting down with it. In all the years she had known him, he had never done something so odd. She visibly shook herself to recover, releasing her face from what she could only assume was a very dumb expression. Noticing her hand was clenched around her stick as tightly as if it had been the offending party, she carefully placed it down beside her bowl before situating herself on the stool. Korbak must have spent too much time under the suns.
Her bowl was a little fuller than usual today, and its contents didn't seem as thick sliding down her throat. She jammed a bit more into her mouth, her features cinching together when she noticed an odd smell. She dropped her stick into the bowl and lifted the whole thing to her nose for a closer inspection. Her expression went blank, her jaw slack as realization hit her like a bucket of mallets. She leaped up with such force that her bowl went sailing, but she didn't stay to learn where it landed, instead racing into the hallway to hunch over the garbage trough. 
Jamming her fingers down the back of her throat was painful, but the burning sensation building in her esophagus hurt more. She convulsed as her body expelled the minute contents of its stomach, dry retching after only a few moments. She gasped, hurrying to regain her breath. Her esophagus felt raw, like layers of tissue had been scraped from the inside, but the burning had somewhat alleviated. 
She looked up to find that she had an audience now, looking on in confused interest as she pulled herself back from the brink of death.
“You!” The rasp that remained in her voice was intensified by her angry growl upon identifying her would-be murderer. 
She shot to her feet and was upon him in seconds, shoving him so hard that his back slammed against the wall.
“You.” Her tone was still crackly, but it carried indignant annoyance now.
“You poured bleach in my food.”
“I did no such thing.” He straightened his posture from where he still leaned against the wall, staring back at her with an expression of feigned innocence and no signs of shame across his sharp features. She had actually never seen him look calmer or more certain.
“And if I had, it would be a compliment to your combat abilities.”
She breathed a sarcastic, choppy laugh in response, her still-raw throat protesting the display. She tamed her anger back into her typical nonchalant attitude before moving closer to him, stopping only inches from his face.
“You're a coward.” Her tone was quiet enough that her words could only reach his ears.
It didn't carry the sharpness of insult; she was only giving a voice to her realization. She had thought many negative things about Korbak through the years, but a coward wasn't one of them. It all made sense now, the flamboyant displays of anger, the unnecessary snarls. He was overcompensating. 
Avaria pursed her lips to manage the pain that still rippled up and down her neck.
“To be quite honest, I'm ashamed of you.” A smirk lightened her features now; her tone was almost teasing.
She remained vexed at him, with good reason, but her tediously perfected ability to harness her emotions and respond as though unaffected made her feel secure and centered. Evidently, it made her appear that way too. Korbak tensed his shoulders in response to her words, seeming to feel the need to ready himself for an attack.
She glared into his eyes a moment, smirk still plastered into place, then shifted away. It didn't seem that he was going to respond, so she gave him a dismissive once over with her eyes and walked away, her confident stride prompting those gathered to part in front of her.
She wasn't afraid of Korbak, but it was terrifying how quickly he was willing to turn on a fellow Chorlak. Unfortunately, she doubted he was the only one. The single winner mentality of this trial, so starkly contrasting the hive mentality with which a Chorlak was ingrained, seemed like enough to make many more of the Marred willing to do whatever they deemed necessary to become the most formidable competitor. 
Her reservations about the upcoming battle were mounting. She couldn't believe that the Oversight had intended to encourage any Chorlak, even the Marred, to murder one another. Despite her suspicions, her hatred for these walls that had entrapped her for so long filled her with a firm resolution to win.

She stood in front of the Marred facility's sign, the only thing in the compound that hadn't begun to show its age. It was a tombstone in a way, marking the exact spot she stood when the clever, high-spirited little girl she'd been began to mutilate her care-free nature, only sparing enough of herself to maintain a front that seemed beneficial. It was a very practical, Chorlak thing to do.
What she was about to be a part of violated everything that little girl had been taught. Contrary to the detached mindset that was encouraged, her parents believed in loving one another. They taught her that Chorlak should respect one another out of the conviction that each life they saw was valuable and not just that each person was a cog necessary to keep their race successful. 
In a way, her parents had acquired this belief from one another when they fell in love outside of the algorithm's mate assignments. They described it to her as bursting free from a black and white bubble and suddenly seeing the world in color. The Oversight was wrong, they'd said, living in such a vivid, emotionally thriving world wasn't a weakness; it was the only way to truly live. 
Maybe it was the only way to live, but at that moment, Avaria wanted to survive more than she wanted to live. Her parents were executed for their beliefs, and although she was allowed to live, her entire life was dedicated to paying for their mistake.
Avaria ran her fingers over the sign's raised inscription almost reverently in their memory, even as she mentally distanced herself from them. She couldn't bear the thought of growing old in this pit, so she had to steel herself against the still lingering morals from the innocent child that once stood here.
As she walked away, she vowed to herself that she would never set eyes upon that horrid sign again.

Everything seemed just slightly off-kilter the next morning. Avaria was glad to see that the food portions were more substantial than they'd been in a long time, but she felt like the food hall was less densely populated than usual. Tarr, Gasmi, and Korbak were all present, but many other faces she knew seemed to be absent.
Still carrying leftover distrust from last night's incident, she woofed down her food and quickly made her exit. She took her usual route to the courtyard, barely glancing at any of the hallways she passed until something odd at the corner of her eye halted her purposeful stride. Brows drawn in confusion, she backed up a few paces to re-evaluate whatever she'd just seen.
Her jaw went slack as her eyes widened. She couldn't believe what she was seeing and stared dumbfounded for quite some time as if it was a mirage that could be driven away with enough scrutiny. Carts lined the hallway, a body-sized lump distorting the sheet atop each one. She approached the closest carcass, moved by the illogical instinct to confirm what she already knew to be true.
Under the sheet, a pair of still-open eyes forever frozen into a blank stare cut into her soul. The face of the woman lying there was unnervingly void. Avaria couldn't help but stumble back a few steps in shock as if she hadn't expected it.
She'd known this woman, just as she knew everyone in the small community, and now she lay dead among twenty-five others like her. 
“Those two Enforcers rounded them up this morning.” Tarr's unannounced appearance enhanced her already startled state, but she didn't visibly react.
“What happened?” Her voice was just above a whisper, once again investigating to find an answer she already knew. 
“Unexpected medical emergencies.” His tone was snappy with sarcasm. “That's what the Enforcers ruled them.”
On cue, an Enforcer rolled another cart into the hallway, positioning it in line with the others. He didn't even glance at its lifeless contents before he marched off the way he came.
Tarr came to stand at her left, joining her in gazing at the mounting collection of the deceased. From her peripheral, she saw his poorly smothered fear in the tightening of his jaw and the paleness of his skin. She didn't exactly think less of him for being unable to hide his horror as well as he should, but he needed to get it under control. This was no time for weakness. It occurred to her that, perhaps, she was the tiniest bit worried about him. That wasn't very Chorlak of her.
“They're going to bury them all at once, after the Battle,” he stated, his voice admirably even. 
The word 'all' hung in the air, the heavy implication that there would be more clear. Avaria ran her hand over the eyes of the body in front of her, some unexpected sense of kinsmanship moving her to close the dead woman's lids. Charla was her name. Avaria hadn't talked to her much, but they had trained together. Some of her own fighting style had come from mimicking the older woman. Avaria's gaze was drawn to the 'unexpected medical emergency' that had led to Charla's demise, a gash that grossly disfigured the side of her head.
If there was any doubt in her mind before, it was solidified now. Something very ominous was at work here.  


Chapter 4


Throughout the day, she'd spoken with Tarr, Gasmi, and even Korbak individually to request their presence in the Matron's quarters that evening.
Korbak was the last to arrive, perhaps stalled by his reservations about attending. 
“Your tardiness kept us waiting,” Gasmi informed him. 
Despite her passive tone, her features were rigid with annoyance. The woman, much like Avaria, had a high tolerance for the antics of others. What Gasmi couldn't stand, however, was to be disrespected, and she viewed being made to wait as highly imprudent.
Avaria arose from her perch balanced atop the footboard, drawing the room's attention.
“I'm not gonna give some grand speech about how many different ways this entire thing is wrong. The battle hasn't even started yet, and we're already slaughtering each other like animals.” She glared pointedly at Korbak, who lacked the decency to look ashamed.
“Someone is playing us, turning us against each other like this, it has to be.” Her tone intensified as she spoke, hearing her own theory in such certain words for the first time.
The expressions that stared back at her were unconvinced.
“The Oversight has condemned us,” Gasmi stated blankly. “There is no standard to restrain them from arranging such a debacle. We are mere animals in their eyes.”
“Even if this is some elaborate scheme, it doesn't matter. This is the only chance we have.” Tarr's entire demeanor was downcast. He too seemed bothered by what was to take place, but like Avaria, he'd accepted it.
Korbak pushed off the wall where he'd leaned, taking a few unnecessarily aggressive steps toward her.
“What is your point?” He deadpanned.
“My point is that none of us can win the battle if we're all dead!” She squared up instinctively as she spoke, her self-control slipping a bit.
“The four of us in this room are the strongest competitors in this facility, and we're going to get picked off one by one.”
“You're proposing some sort of truce?” Gasmi's inquiry broke the building tension.
“No, I'm saying we should look out for each other to make sure we're all alive when the trial starts.”
“Hah.” A sound somewhere between a snort and a sarcastic chuckle broke from Korbak's lips.
“We all know you're the most formidable combatant here, as much as I loathe to admit it. You're just afraid one of us will put you down before the battle.” He stepped uncomfortably close, violating her personal space as was becoming his habit.
He thought himself quite intimidating.
“Korbak if I were afraid of you, I would've killed you in your sleep last night, we all know you never lock your door.” She dismissed his aggression easily, then broke eye contact with him, ending their showdown. “Well? What do you say?”
Tarr and Gasmi nodded; they saw the merit in her idea. Korbak, disagreeable until the end, threw his head back in disbelief.
“You two are going along with this.” He looked at each of them in turn with a gaze of bewilderment before hardening his face into an icy glare that he focused on Avaria.
“First, you question the only attempt at integration we'll ever get to make. Now you want us to be your bodyguards until you get a chance to kill us in battle.”
“Why does everything have to be an act of war to you.” Her indignant tone was just barely softened by the humorous tilt of her mouth. “It's just logical. I personally would like to be alive later today, but if staying alive isn't something you're interested in,” she shrugged, “That's okay with me.”
He took a deep breath, seeming to find a rare moment of composure.
“I don't want you dead.” He took a step toward her, his posture unusually relaxed. “But I'm not going to die here, and if that means I have to kill you, it's a price I'm more than willing to pay.” 
Oddly, despite his harsh words, his tone wasn't terribly threatening, only a statement of fact. 
He breezed past her in his exit, quickly disappearing from her field of view.
“We remain here until the battle starts.” Gasmi stood, taking charge. “You two go to sleep. I will have the first watch.”
Avaria settled herself onto the stale-smelling mattress, her restless brain refusing to settle. She'd banned her mind from envisioning herself actually killing another Chorlak during the battle, but Korbak's words forced her to consider the possibility. Did she have it in her to murder one of her fellow Marred in the name of declaring herself part of society? She wasn't entirely sure that she was willing to cross that line. 

Two days later, Avaria entered the food hall with Gasmi and Tarr at her sides. She'd anticipated the increase in empty chairs, but she still stopped in her tracks when she saw that the Marred population had been cut in half; there couldn't have been many more than one hundred left.
The food portions were very generous now that fewer mouths were demanding a share, but the satisfaction of a full belly was tainted by the cursed knowledge of what had become of the owners of the missing mouths.
Everyone was anxious, pacing about the food room like caged animals, each awaiting a summoning to the courtyard where the battle would soon take place. Avaria drummed her fingers idly, lips pressing together and then relaxing on repeat with tense impatience. Part of her was excited, but the other part was ashamed of her anticipation. Today would be a day for her to finally display the skills she had trained so vigorously to acquire, but also the day that many of the few remaining Marred would meet their end. 
Every back in the room straightened to attention as the Representative appeared in the doorway, his guards at his sides. 
“All stand as Vice Overseer Zileca honors us with her presence.” As soon as the words left his lips, he pivoted on his ankle and stepped back forcefully, making way for his superior. 
Chairs slid as the Marred rose obediently. Every eye was trained on the newly void entryway, the suspense plunging the room into a deathly silence. The seconds they waited stretched out almost endlessly, but at last, the woman herself came into view, her proud strides carrying her to the spot that Worg had just vacated.
She was much younger than her Representative, and surprisingly, her expression held far less malice. Everything about her was precise, not a single hair rebelled against the obsessively neat braid down the back of her head, and even her boots appeared to have been equally laced. Her entire persona was polished to perfection. She nodded to them in greeting, the gold earing that adorned her ear catching a glimmer from the lights.
“Ladies and gents,” she stated through a half-smile that could almost be interpreted as friendly, “Let us begin!”
She withdrew back into the hallway, heading in the direction of the courtyard. No one spoke as they formed a disorganized crowd behind her, the rising tension palpable in the air. Avaria was jostled about near the center of the herd, quickly losing sight of Gasmi and Tarr. It no longer mattered; they had helped each other as much as they intended to.
She painstakingly maneuvered herself towards the front where she saw Korbak, somehow still alive despite his ill temper enhancing his murder appeal. She didn't pay him much mind as they neared their destination, instead electing to devote her attention to corralling her wayward thoughts. The only one she could afford to focus on was the one that desired to win and be free.
The suns shone without a cloud in the sky, rudely flooding the space with inappropriately cheerful light. Her brows drew together to shade her squinting eyes as they struggled to adjust, barely able to distinguish the newly established platform in the center of the courtyard. Vice Overseer Zileca ascended the few stairs necessary to stand atop it, assuming the vantage point from which she would spectate the fights. 
Avaria felt a stiff card being shoved into her hand, and its distributor was gone before she could identify him. The face-up side was blank, but upon flipping it over, she discovered a number printed in large type.
“Once everyone finds the sign with their number on it, we will begin!” Zileca announced, her loud voice entirely too theatrical for the circumstances. 
Avaria glanced around, eyes now adapted, to see that there were over a hundred little signs stationed all about the courtyard with two numbers inscribed onto each one. She quickly matched her card's number to the correct one and went to stand in front of it, waiting to discover the identity of her first opponent. Her mouth went dry as she met the eyes of Tarr, who weaved through the crowd purposefully in her direction. Chorlak did not have friends, but if they did, she supposed she would call Tarr her closest one.
It didn't matter. She could see the determination in his face, promising his most vigorous efforts to defeat her. No lingering fear or uncertainty was tinging his portrayal of confidence, making her think for the first time that perhaps he had perfect control over his emotions all along. Maybe he simply never deemed it necessary to conceal them entirely. Any signs of familiarity on his features were banished by the time he reached her. She barely had time to appreciate the misfortune of the pairing before Zileca sounded a horn, and chaos erupted. The shouts and grunts were deafening, but they faded quickly into the outer reaches of her consciousness as Tarr launched himself at her. She dodged him easily, shoving him off balance as he passed. She hesitated to take advantage of the superior position, which proved to be a mistake when he spun around, the sign grasped in both hands, and smashed it full force against the side of her head.
It was hard for her to determine if the crack ringing in her ears was from the sign breaking or her own skull, but either way, she slammed into the ground violently, stars erupting across her vision. She instinctively pushed off with her hands to spring back up, the hammering in her head briefly losing its predominance to dizziness in response. Her eyes remained unfocused, but she glared as confidently as possible at Tarr's blurry outline to conceal the disadvantage. Her disorientation cleared quickly, but the throbbing deep inside her brain blossomed into full force. The stoic expression Tarr had previously worn seemed to have broken for a moment, as if he hadn't expected his attack to succeed or wasn't truly aware of what he was doing. Avaria touched the warmth running down the side of her head gently, barely coating her fingertips in the thick liquid. She brought them slowly into her line of sight, unsurprised to see her bright green blood now trickling down her hand. Tarr's stunned face quickly amended its display, and he held up the broken signpost like a bat, ready to strike again. 
She could feel her face harden, resolve setting her features as she repressed her feelings of betrayal. Her newfound vigor drove her into Tarr too quickly for him to respond. Within seconds, she had wrenched the post from his grasp, forced him down onto one knee, and positioned her new weapon firmly against his collarbone with both hands, the threat to press it against his throat clear.
“Yield,” she hissed. 
He elbowed her in the stomach, causing her to involuntarily tighten her grip and begin to choke him. Her heart pounded in her chest, panic rising at the possibility that Tarr wouldn't surrender- then there was a desperate tap against her forearm. Her entire being flooded with relief, and she surrendered her hold instantly. He fell forward, gasping air back into his lungs as she flopped back into a sprawled sitting position, also struggling to catch her breath from the adrenaline that coursed through her veins. 
Her hand went slack as tension ebbed out of her body, allowing the post to fall to the ground with a soft thunk. She was first to get back to her feet, brows drawing together tightly in an attempt to manage the crushing pain in her skull. She dusted the debris off her arms before offering one to Tarr. He looked up at her uncertainly before accepting her outstretched hand, letting her pull him to his feet. They stared at each other awkwardly for a moment, arms still interlocked. Tarr nodded slightly, accepting defeat.
“If it couldn't be me, I hope it's you.” 
He patted her on the shoulder with his free hand in a friendly gesture, a rare smile touching the corners of his lips, then walked past her without another word. She didn't move but turned her head to the side and watched him go until he left her field of vision. Most of the fights around her were finished; some of the defeated had withdrawn to spectate from the edges of the enclosure while some lay motionless at the victors' feet. As the last few battles drew to a close, Enforcers came with their carts to take away the dead.
Avaria blinked madly as her blood began to run into her eyes until finally, she had to wipe some of it away with her hand. Her eyes now fully open again, she saw a woman in front of her, her white garments indicating that she was a medic. Her expression was blank, she didn't seem thrilled to be tending to the Marred, but she held out a rag that Avaria took gratefully. The pressure she applied against her wound added another layer of depth to the ache in her head, but she endured in an attempt to control the blood flow.
The signs were carried out and new ones were brought in, displaying the numbers paired for the next round. She continued to rub at her injury until the signs were in position, then released her hold on the rag, permitting it to plop onto the ground. She spotted her number quickly. Her opponent already stood in front of it. Avaria knew how savagely the woman tended to fight in compensation for her lack of muscle, and she suppressed a groan at the thought of fighting her while in a weak, nauseous state. 
Already, it looked like this day was going to reach for eternity.

Four rounds later, the searing pain in her head had subsided to a dull ache, or at least it had been pushed into a closet by her spiked adrenaline.
She stooped low to avoid a well-powered but poorly planned strike to her head, then immediately propelled her chest and right shoulder into her young opponent's torso, causing him to stumble. She snatched his knees forward with both hands, effectively sprawling him onto his back. 
The last few battles seemed to have all melted together in her mind; she could barely remember the faces of the individuals she had fought to submission. The only thing she knew for sure is that she was exhausted from the near-constant movement. She'd burned through her energy so fast that by round three, as she'd made her way over and around the remains of the newly deceased, she barely processed that one of the lifeless faces waiting to be carted off belonged to Gasmi. She had never seen the woman look so peaceful, so free of burdens. 
A good Chorlak would react precisely how Avaria did, detached and scarcely affected with sights set only upon the goal. Still, lingering at the outer reaches of her mind was disgust and shame directed towards herself. She had spent a lot of time with Gasmi in the past ten years, even if almost all of it was born of sheer necessity, she should feel something about her death. But she didn't, not really. Something was broken inside of her like something important had been unplugged in her mind. She quashed those self-analyzing thoughts; there was no time for them.
She had gone somewhat numb to all of the deaths now, numb in general, really. She barely felt her elbow connect with her adversary's cheekbone, almost didn't notice the hand smacking her side in surrender. But she did notice, so she released her grasp and flopped off of him, every limb deteriorating to mush as soon as they realized they were no longer being called upon for combat. 
Avaria closed her eyes for a few seconds while consciously slowing her breathing. Her addled brain managed to supply a single coherent thought over the blood surging through her veins: she had one more battle to fight. She reopened her eyes, calmer now that her heart rate had begun to settle. She sprung up, or at least she felt like she did, her groggy state of mind was still tainting the precision of her movements. Her unfocused vision encountered a mass of blurry moving shapes that she could only assume was the remaining Marred, still spectating from the edges of the opening.
She wasn't interested in them. She wanted to find the final two who remained in the fight so she could evaluate the competition. Through the fog in her eyes, she scanned the area, finally identifying two fuzzy figures still in the heat of battle. She blinked madly, every ounce of her remaining energy compelling her eyes to pitch in on her efforts to succeed. 
Finally, brow furrowed with the effort it took, she was able to see one of the faces clearly. It was Fike, an older Chorlak who compensated for his lack of technique with his unusually bulky stature. He was a brute, but she was confident her well-practiced techniques would overpower his sledgehammer fighting style. She turned her attention to the other profile as he landed a punch in Fike's stomach. She couldn't see the other fighter's face, his back was to her, but her muscles clenched in dread as her subconscious helpfully but unwelcomely insisted that she recognized his profile. She tried to banish the possibility; all of the male Chorlak had short white hair and a muscular frame. It was nearly impossible to tell them apart. Nonetheless, the seed had burrowed deep into the recesses of her mind. She stood rooted to the spot, tensely awaiting a better angle, her addled brain failing to supply her with the simple solution of moving until she could see.
Fike fell backward, his legs swept from under him by his opponent, who took the opening to climb on top of him. He was done for, Avaria knew he lacked the tactics to escape such a disadvantageous position. She could see the winning Chorlak's shoulders raring back in alternating succession, no doubt sending blow after blow to Fike's face. Regardless, the man refused to surrender, instead clawing uselessly at the hips and torso that trapped him.
His attempts slowed, like an old machine gradually winding towards shutdown, until finally, his arms looked limp. His opponent delivered one final powerful punch before he stood over his victim, his hands still balled into fists at his sides. Fike's chest still rose and fell, but his face would certainly never look the same. Alas, the victor turned over his shoulder to look at her, confirming the identity she'd already suspected: Korbak. He met her eyes, a small trickle of green oozing from his lip.
“We have our final match!” Zileca's voice cut through the air, her unexpected interjection serving to remind them she was there. It seemed that the woman didn't like to be far from the center of a public spectacle.
Avaria abandoned her face-off with Korbak to look at Zileca, who had at some point descended from her raised pedestal and was now coming towards them, her lips quirked in a confident half-smile. 
“You have both proved to be mighty foes. You look absolutely exhausted.” 
Something about the way she enunciated her words seemed odd, although her tone wasn't menacing or even passive-aggressive. Actually, it sounded almost considerate. Avaria wasn't entirely sure what to think of the woman, and she didn't care enough to expel the effort necessary to decide. The Vice Overseer looked each of them up and down before she spoke again, a friendly grin muting her sharp features.
“We will return here to witness these two mighty warriors battle for victory when the first sun has set.” She spoke louder this time, ensuring her voice was heard throughout the arena.
Zileca gestured them closer as she also moved in, bringing the three of them into close proximity as though she might tell them a secret. 
“Take this time to rest, my friends.” She paused, unexpectedly bringing a hand to gently grip Avaria's chin and angle her head to the side. “That looks terribly unpleasant.” She leaned in slightly to better inspect the injury, almost like an attentive mother, despite being only a few years older. “Do visit my medic before you go on your way. She'll stitch that up for you.”
Avaria didn't appreciate that the woman was still touching her, but she didn't comment on it. Instead, she nodded, the movement serving to casually displace the offending hand. Seemingly satisfied, Zileca firmly returned her arm to her side with a somewhat pacifying smile. 
“This is a time for good cheer!” She threw both hands up in celebration, resting one on each of their outer shoulders as she brought them back down. “I have immeasurable confidence in you both.” She still wore the ghost of a friendly smile, but her words had a commanding undertone and the angles of her face were firm, almost like she was giving an order of some sort. 
Her smile blossomed once again, the expression appearing full and genuine. Then she released her hold and strode between them head high, concluding the interaction. 
Avaria and Korbak turned a bit to watch her go, suspicion etched in both of their sets of features. Disappointingly, they hadn't been told a secret, and now they were left standing together rather awkwardly.
The two turned their heads toward each other at the same time, eyes meeting once again. Neither knew what to say. Korbak's face looked dark, as always, but the expression showed more symptoms of being a facade than an actual display of his internal aggression. 
He never looked happy, but it was especially prevalent now. Based on Avaria's knowledge of his character, she'd have expected him to be smugger, but he looked... almost sad. Maybe he wasn't as on board with this bloodbath as she initially thought. Avaria nodded briskly, lips slightly pursed with tension, then parted ways with him.
Her head was throbbing again, and although she doubted stitches would alleviate the pain, she was eager to stop wiping the blood from her eye. The medic was still there, her bulky bag of utensils at her side. Avaria approached the severe woman with her head held high with confidence, refusing to be ignored despite knowing that the woman was displeased to be there.
“I need stitches.”
The well-aged woman's pinched face contorted even more, in case her displeasure was unclear, but she gestured with her empty hand to a nearby crate for Avaria to sit on and then dropped the bag she held into the grass with a light thump. Avaria sat obediently, her knees bent at an odd angle to accommodate the shortness of the box.
If the cream the medic had slathered onto the wound was meant to numb it, her efforts had been ineffective because Avaria grit her teeth each time the needle punctured her skin. She could barely think clearly about what would take place at dusk. Her adrenaline's departure had left every fiber of her being too exhausted to focus on anything very effectively. 
The medic snipped the end of her thread, finishing her task. Whatever substance was on the cloth that she then wiped the area with stung, but Avaria's wince was barely detectable, masked as she slipped into an almost trance-like state of numbness. She couldn't feel her tiredness all of a sudden, and she was hardly aware that she was even still alive as her eyes stared blankly at the white fuzziness that was likely the grass.
“Clean it once a day until it heals.” The words sounded muffled, her mind discarding them as though they hadn't been meant for her. 
Her eyes snapped to attention as a 'click' sounded when the woman shut her bag. It seemed incredibly loud, and she couldn't stop staring at the spot even when the medic and her bag was long gone.
One question echoed endlessly through her mind, the only strand of coherence in the muddled abyss of her brain.
Was she willing to kill Korbak tonight?

She stood in front of her mirror, still feeling somewhat detached from herself but much more coherent. Despite the medic's ill disposition, she'd done a neat job of stitching her head back together. Initially, the gash had hurt as though it'd split her head top to bottom, but looking at it in the mirror, she could see it was only a couple inches long, starting just below her hairline and ending beside her left eye.
She could feel a cutting pain in her head again, but as she redid her frazzled braids, she was grateful that the pulsating had subsided, allowing her mind to function optimally again. She wasn't really experiencing her emotions, although she sensed that somewhere deep inside herself was anger and perhaps even fear. Most of all, she was aware of a lingering cloud of regret seeping into the edges of her consciousness, once again protesting the thing she was participating in. However, it was as though she were submerged in water, where the cries of such sentiments could scarcely reach her. She tied off her braid, meeting determined eyes and a set jaw in her reflection. She had come this far. She had defeated six of her peers already; she couldn't allow any shadows of feelings to call her back to her morals now, not when she was this close to her only chance of integration. 


Chapter 5


The first sun stood at the edge of the sky, threatening to slip beyond the horizon at any moment. The few Marred that still had breath in their lungs loitered in the courtyard, awaiting some sort of instruction from Zileca, who hadn't yet arrived. Avaria thought it very indelicate for a person to moderate such a slaughter as the one that had taken place today and then wait for the last minute to show at the final round. 
The instant the first sun disappeared, Zileca and her staff burst through the doors dramatically, bringing immediate silence to those gathered. It stretched out for a few moments. Zileca's expression was indifferent yet welcoming all at once as she surveyed the faces of her audience. Worg stood at her right side, his face displaying unambiguous malice. 
“We have all come together to discover which of the remaining two competitors will find themselves the victor of this difficult trial.” Her words seemed to fuel the tension in the already anxious atmosphere. Avaria flinched visibly before she could think to restrain herself.
“To more thoroughly demonstrate the well-rounded capabilities of our combatants, we have brought with us a selection,” she paused, moving aside as Enforcers carted in two racks equipped with matching sets of swords and battle-axes, “these are the Chorlak's finest weaponry.”
Gasps sounded across the small crowd, one of them belonging to Avaria. These weren't the centuries-old, rusted relics that they trained with. These swords were sharpened to perfection, gleaming even in the low light. 
Her shocked gasp wasn't of awe. It was of realization.
Only one of them was meant to survive. Wrestling with their bare hands was life-threatening enough, but armed with these dangerous weapons, it would be almost impossible to reach surrender without a fatality.
“Come and select a weapon, then we will begin.”
Avaria approached the cart, seeing Korbak do the same from the corner of her eye. Tingling at the edges of her consciousness were thoughts of betrayal, angry that the Oversight had orchestrated their demise, but the feelings were muddled, her mind still trapped in a distant haze. She didn't want to come fully to reality, too many emotions boiled under the surface for her to acknowledge. Instead, she threw her efforts entirely into arranging a favorable outcome to the situation she was faced with.
The rack before her held a vast array of weaponry, even some collapsible varieties. She lifted up a silver baton for closer inspection. Its surface was covered with an array of intricate interlocking pieces with a shiny black substance gleaming through the cracks. The weapon looked almost like a puzzle. She pressed two sections on either side firmly before snatching it downwards. The pieces immediately began to rearrange themselves, shifting about and building on top of one another until a pitch-black, dagger-length blade protruded from the handle. It was a remarkable weapon; the fragments that formed the blade were so well-tailored to one another that the pieces' outlines were barely distinguishable. Its covertness was unnecessary in the current context, and she expected a larger weapon would likely serve her much better.
She pressed again while jerking it upwards, sending the pieces disassembling and reassembling into their original form. Her hand lingered a moment as she considered returning it to the rack, but on a whim, she tucked it inside her torso wrap instead.
After all, no one said she could only take one weapon.
She didn't waste much more time comparing one tool of destruction to another. Her eyes swept the rack critically before selecting the nearest sword. The weapon was fairly simple compared to some of the others. Its long blade of black chrome was surrounded by four shorter blades that extended from the hilt like a narrow claw. She swung it about experimentally, getting a feel for its weight. She wasn't used to the heaviness of high-quality metal, but then again, neither was Korbak. 
She turned slowly to face him. Only a few days ago, the man had poisoned her food to avoid facing her in battle. She had called that man a coward. There was no sign of him in the hardened warrior before her now. 
He had opted for a more ax-like weapon, although calling the double-ended, three-foot-long object he held at his side an ax might be an injustice. He twirled it about on its center axis, the sharpened ax heads on either end gleaming dangerously. His face indicated deeper concentration than would typically be necessary to perform the threatening trick; as expected, he was also struggling to manage the unfamiliar material.
He suddenly gripped the handle solidly to halt the motion, his arm twisting slightly from the momentum. He locked his eyes onto hers, determination cinching his brows and animalistic aggression lending a slight crook to his upper lip. Avaria felt her own features firm in response, subconsciously mirroring his hostility.
Zileca's sharp voice snapped the building tension to full maturity like a whip with a single word: “Begin!”
Korbak didn't hesitate, sailing across the space between them with an unnecessary war cry and the ax raised over his shoulder to strike. He stopped just short of colliding with her, allowing the motion to continue in his ax with a sweep towards her neck. She ducked in plenty of time to miss it, yet he was undiscouraged, twirling his weapon the other way the moment it reached the end of its arc and swinging the second ax head towards her torso. This time, she scarcely snatched her body backward fast enough, a swoosh of air trailing across her exposed arms in the blade's wake. She quickly swung her sword in retaliation, and a powerful crack split the air as it was stopped short of its mark by the ax's metal handle. 
A cliché billow of thunder erupted somewhere overhead, but even if the planet had split apart, it couldn't distract the dueling pair now. To Avaria's eyes, every moment was simultaneously slow and nearly too fast for a reaction. She could feel her core tightening more with every near-miss, a touch of unfamiliar panic seeping into her mind as she remained trapped on defense, dodging and blocking but scarcely able to offer any counterattacks. A grunt tumbled out of her throat from effort as she pivoted on her heel, slashing her weapon at his torso only to encounter air and a well-timed kick to her side.
She stumbled back a bit with a cough as air shot out of her lungs. Korbak didn't close in on her, instead leaving the space that formed so he could catch his breath. Even in the dimming light, she could see his chest heaving with exertion, but the violence in his expression hadn't faltered.
“This is insane.” Her voice was barely above a breathy whisper as her lungs worked double-time to refill. 
A feeling of what could most nearly be described as horrified awe came over her as she looked into the eyes of a man, barely more than a boy, who she'd lived alongside for almost ten years. He was fully prepared to kill her, and she could see it written all over his face. It was astounding that they could stoop so far, so fast.
He seemed unaffected by her words as he came at her again; she barely slipped aside in time to foil his attack. 
“Alright,” she mumbled, bracing herself to fully commit to a counterattack. 
In her renewed vigor, their fight morphed into an elaborate routine, as though it were set into place at the beginning of time. Each of their movements deflected one another flawlessly in a way that was sophisticated, yet so primal that Avaria barely had to think anymore. They remained in almost constant motion for minutes or perhaps eternity. It was hard to tell; fatigue was warping her sense of time. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she idly wondered if there was enough breathable air left in the world to support her heavy breathing for much longer. 
Without warning, an electric crack erupted throughout the darkened sky, flooding the clearing with a pure white light that vanished as quickly as it came. Her eyelids parted wide as she attempted to readjust to the darkness. 
A chink sounded as Korbak, also blinded, swung one end of his ax at her, missing her body but connecting with the blade of her sword hard enough to send it sailing somewhere out of view. The noise was quiet, it seemed innocent at first, but realization sent dismay pooling into her gut like molten steel. She dropped into a forward roll, narrowly dodging the second stroke of his ax as he utilized his new advantage. The moment she regained her footing, she brought her now-empty hands up defensively, as they were her only hope of guarding against his next attack. She couldn't easily see where her weapon had landed. Her only hope now was to wrench the ax from his grasp.
Another crack split the air, this time bringing heavy pellets of rain with it. She couldn't see, but she charged full force at the spot that Korbak had last occupied and was rewarded when her shoulder met the rough material covering his abdomen.
His arms flailed dangerously as the pair fell, sending the blade of the ax-head slicing across her back and ribs. A mighty howl of pain tore from her throat, yet somehow, she scarcely noticed it. The world seemed to still for a moment as she landed atop him. She could almost feel each drop of cool rain that tapped against her flesh, carrying away her fresh blood in its wake. She snapped out of it almost instantly, then quickly shimmered far enough up his body to put her shin over his wrist to render his hand and the weapon it held useless. She didn't even think before she moved next, the pain shoving her body into an almost animalistic self-defense mode.
She was aware that her arm was now wrapped firmly around her opponent's neck, but she didn't remember putting it there.
He was choking. 
“Yield!” She hissed in his ear, her breathing becoming labored as war erupted in her head all at once. 
His free hand suddenly connected with her ribs. It was a mighty blow, but a vain defense, her expert hold was tight. 
“Yield!” She was louder this time, desperation sharpening her tone.
She was so close to the possibility of leaving this place behind. Korbak would kill her if the situation were reversed. He didn't feel anything towards her that would stop him, and she didn't think much of him either. 
His blows stopped; he started to relax. In a few seconds, it could be over, and she would have won. Her heart was throbbing so hard she felt like it had consumed her entire chest. She was so angry at Korbak for forcing her to make this decision and at the Oversight for arranging it. A reasonable, moral thought she had so valiantly resisted soared to the front of her mind, loosening her hold. 
She wasn't Korbak. She was better than him; she wasn't a savage.
“I concede.” She spoke softly, dismay shushing her tone.
She was on her feet in an instant, her heart sinking to her ankles with betrayal at her own words. Korbak was still alive. 
It was tricky, but she managed to feel disappointment and relief at once. Color quickly revitalized his shocked, almost insulted-looking face. He clumsily propped himself up to his hands, wobbly attempting to stand. Avaria could only glare at him. A sizable part of her was already regretting the life-changing decision she'd just made. Yet, despite her dread of the fate she had surrendered herself to, somewhere deep down, a strand of pride ran through her being. She'd refused to kill another of her own kind, rejecting nonsensical savagery. Even though she would forever be a member of the Marred, she more closely resembled the logical, proud Chorlak race than she ever had before.
Fury darkened her opponent's face. The snarl across his lips was so pronounced she could almost count his teeth. Only he could manage to be so thoroughly provoked by mercy.
“Coward,” he hissed, his scratchy voice barely audible over his panting. 
She stooped to collect her weapon from where it had landed, mud jamming under her fingernails as she wrapped her hand around the hilt. She turned away, prepared to leave the nightmare behind her. The crowd parted immediately in the wake of her intimidatingly set jaw, and she was sure her face must look murderous.
A terrible zap made her ears ring instantly as lightning struck something far behind her, but despite rendering her temporarily deaf, the storm had likely just saved her life. With her back to it, she could see the long shadows that the bright flash cast. Alerted by them, she whirled about on her heel, sword poised to defend against the attacker that must stand at the head of the shadow she caught approaching hers- but the attack never came. She stared at Korbak's face, inches from her own, as shock widened his features. It took her a moment to understand the cause of his halt. The tension in her body went slack as she realized what she'd done. A rude whirlwind of emotions exploded simultaneously into her mind, each taking precedence for only a second before receding to make way for the next. For a few moments, she felt like they were frozen in time, and their startled gazes would remain locked onto each other for the rest of eternity. 
It ended as she hesitantly released the hilt of her weapon. It was only then that she registered the liquid warmth that covered her hand. He stumbled unsteadily for a few moments, as though he'd suddenly become top-heavy. She maintained eye contact until he fell from her field of vision, collapsing onto the ground with a resolute 'thud.' The horrible sound echoed through her mind as she trained her eyes on the far wall, unwilling to observe her fellow Marred lying dead with her sword through his chest. 
“We have a winner!” Zileca was cheerful.
Avaria couldn't stand the sound of her voice. At that moment, she became sure she hated everything about the callous woman. Her venomous smile. The lies Avaria sensed lingering behind it. Despite the woman's ambiguous display, there was something dark in her soul. 
Still, the words snapped her out of her reverie, and she pulled her shock-parted lips back together. Utilizing her newly regained motor skills, she fixed her features rigidly into a more natural position, although they were likely more tense than strictly necessary. She turned her back on the scene before her without ever really examining it, pursing her lips to resist the new wave of emotions she sensed approaching. 
Zileca was at her side quickly, her too big to be real smile unaltered by the harsh expression it was met with. The woman grabbed Avaria's wrist and held her arm up in triumph, seemingly trying to conjure up some sort of superficial excitement into the atmosphere. There was no cheer, of course. Each viewer had wanted to be the one in her place. They weren't happy for her, and they weren't impressed, only accepting.
When Zileca told her to be ready for the transport that would arrive the following morning, Avaria nodded respectfully. 
She didn't exactly feel guilty that she'd killed Korbak, she didn't mean to, and she hadn't had a choice. It was his own fault. What she felt was more like shame. She was ashamed of herself for participating in the bloodbath. The Chorlak prided their sense of honor and dignity, and she had lost it in the midst of this primal display. The Oversight wouldn't arrange for any Chorlak, even the Marred, to participate in something so disgraceful; she felt it in her bones. Something else was at play here, and she dreaded finding out what it was.

She'd stood in the middle of the courtyard for a long time, even after all of the others had cleared out. She never looked at Korbak's body, and she had no desire to. At some point, the grumpy medic had tugged her inside and stitched the skin on her back together before giving her a new torso wrap. It was no different than the one she had before, but it wasn't torn to shreds.
'Gather your possessions,' Zileca had told her perkily, moments after the fight's end.
That is what Avaria would be doing now if she owned anything beyond the clothes she currently wore and the collapsible dagger she never returned. Instead, she stood in the corner of her cell over a tub of water, scrubbing her garments as if they'd personally insulted her. 
Korbak's death was his own fault, she reminded herself again, her rubbed-raw fingers clenching at the fresh memory. The 'thud' that had marked the end of his life whirled around her head like a vengeful tornado, not exactly significant by itself but serving to remind her of the others she had lost with a similar sound. Further provoking her wrath was the question of whether she would have helped them if she could. She'd truly loved her father and mother, of course, but Jabic and Korbak were different. Somehow, she felt guilty for letting them die, but she didn't miss them. She should be proud of the detachment; it was the way of the Chorlak. The worth of a life was weighed by how much an individual enhanced their race, and at the end of the day, the Marred only took up space. They had no place; they were the pieces that didn't fit.
Why did she feel so ashamed that the part of her capable of seeing beauty in the world and worth in other lives had been suffocated? She knew her parents hadn't wanted her to become this person, but then again, their worldview hadn't done them any good. They were dead, and she had been banished to pay for their rebellion against the algorithm. If she were really integrated into Chorlak society, she would be expected to behave more like they did. 
She had altered herself once before when she first arrived at the facility. She could do it again. In many ways, she was already close. Her worldview had developed into something quite logical; rarely did her emotions taint her ability to find the best path to the preferred outcome. Whether or not she always took her advice, well... that was something that she would have to work on. Knowing the correct Chorlak action to take and actually executing it didn't always go hand in hand. But she could do it; that is what would be expected of her. 
The Marred didn't appreciate her easy-going, looking-for-a-good-time attitude, and she doubted that Chorlak society would either, but it had helped her to keep her sanity and, often, her quick wit benefitted her by keeping others off balance. It was a useful tool, and it was a small part of her child self that had been spared when she was forced to reinvent herself. Perhaps the display was something of a facade now. She knew it couldn't come from her optimistic nature like it once had; she had changed too much since then. Whatever it was, she didn't know if she would be able to stifle that part of herself and become a stiff-necked, no-nonsense Chorlak. She always longed for integration, even when it seemed unattainable, but now that it was here, she wasn't sure she wanted to be just like them.
She growled loudly when tiny drops of blood finally prickled from her hands as though tiny needles had emerged from the rough weaving of her torso wrap. She abandoned her long ago completed task and hung her clothes up to dry before going to bed. The light, no longer sensing movement, flickered a few times before fading away in a manner far too peaceful to accommodate her current mood. She barely knew who she was anymore, the one shred of certainty that had been her lifeline all this time was that, banished or not, she was a Chorlak, and she behaved with the pride and dignity of one. 
She had almost been able to feel that identity drain from her soul the moment she'd heard Korbak fall. Her actions had been no different than those of a rabid Skarm put in the same situation. The stocky, feline animals were known for fighting to the death regularly. Some even thought that the Ancients had adopted their method of election from them.
Maybe her reservations about Zileca and the trial were entirely wrong, and she would indeed be integrated into society tomorrow. It didn't matter now. She doubted she could ever look into the mirror again without staring into the eyes of a savage. 
She slipped rather abruptly into darkness, her body too exhausted and achy to allow her mind to continue tormenting her. Yet somehow, even in sleep, her expression was no more peaceful than the face of someone who'd just received a death sentence. 


Chapter 6


The world seemed to start fresh the next morning. The air that filled her lungs with each breath was incredibly satiating, as though a fine mist was moisturizing it. It could be the results of last night's rain, or her newfound elation could be deceiving her into enjoying such minute details of life more. She managed to feel hopeful in that exact moment; this was all she had ever aspired to her whole life. Even the tightness that lingered deep in the core of her head and the tingly, burn-like sensation pulsating from the slash across her back could be easily ignored.
As the gates creaked and rattled to a close behind her, she couldn't help but allow the unfounded sense that they sealed all her pain and troubles behind her. She might've enjoyed it more if she had known how differently she'd feel in a few short hours.
Zileca emerged from the corner of her vision, not entirely ruining her good mood but certainly not enhancing it. Avaria didn't turn to look at her, instead keeping her eyes fixed on the buildings in the distance, where true Chorlak were destined to live.
“How does it feel?”
Avaria turned her head to the woman as she spoke, analyzing her silently. She looked just as pristine as she had the day before, a warm, welcoming smile enhancing her well-structured features. Avaria couldn't decipher whether the kind display was genuine or not, and that was more unnerving than an obviously plastered expression could ever be. She was aware that she'd waited too long to answer, but Zileca looked unaffected by the unnatural pause.
“It feels good,” she finally stated, “Really good.”
Despite her critical deliberations, Avaria couldn't help the slight half-smile that pulled at the corner of her lip, but she resisted the full grin she felt. Her distaste for Zileca was too pronounced to risk the possibility of the woman mistaking her glee for friendliness.
“Shall we?” Zileca asked rhetorically, fixing her eyes pointedly on a large black box that levitated a foot above the ground nearby.
The black carbon of the transport cube was polished to a gleam, no doubt reflecting the obsessive attention to detail expressed by its owner.
The Vice Overseer didn't wait for Avaria to answer, instead striding towards her vehicle with the proud gait of someone who expected to be obeyed.
Seams, which had previously been invisible to the naked eye, revealed themselves as the thin door snapped inward to make way for its master. It folded one way and then the other, stacking upon itself like a collapsible fan until it fully disappeared from sight. A couple of steps folded out helpfully from their place tucked under the cube, and Zileca ascended them like a queen approaching her throne.
Avaria did follow her, as she was expected to do, and quickly found herself in the most luxurious seat she had ever encountered. The plush, well-cushioned row of recliners that lined the back two-thirds of the cube were black, as was the rest of the interior except for a few ivory details. Worg had already been inside, so now she was positioned across from his sour face and to the left of Zileca. The woman sat very straight as though she could be photographed at any moment.
“We've entered the city ma'am.” The driver turned from where he stood at the front of the cube, each hand fixed on a floating ivory steering ring.
“Inform me when we've arrived,” Zileca ordered, her voice strong and stately as it always seemed to be.
“Where are we going?” Avaria didn't care that much about the answer, content simply to be in the main portion of Chorlak society, but she was somewhat curious.
“Don't ask questions,” Worg snapped grouchily.
Zileca didn't correct her subversive's rudeness or offer any more information. Avaria quirked an eyebrow in a nonchalant, halfhearted protest of his unwarranted outburst before contenting herself with gazing at the tall hexagonal structures that rushed past the windows. She was glad that the walls of the transport cube had large squares that were transparent from the inside. Otherwise, she wouldn't have known that she was much farther into the city than she'd ever been before.
The cube finally glided to a smooth halt in front of a particularly large building. Flimsy posts jutted out around it at odd angles, and a black rope was strung between them as though the building were under construction. It immediately struck Avaria as odd, because despite it being nearly midday, there wasn't a worker in sight. As she descended from the cube behind Zileca, another observation brought a puzzled crinkle to her brows. Chrome-plated bars leaned in stacks against the outer walls, and scattered across the building's surface were large square openings where the bars once resided. 
“This is the old prison?” Avaria doubted it could be anything else, but she wanted someone to confirm her suspicion. 
Zileca nodded curtly. 
“Now it is the place from which I operate.” She turned her head to look at Avaria as she offered her vague answer, and she must have recognized the suspicion in the younger Chorlak's face because she continued. “It will all make sense soon.” 
Avaria was almost certain now that something underhanded was happening right in front of her, yet just beyond her view. Worg went ahead of them to untie a section of rope in front of the door. The building was old, and up-close Avaria could see that it was no longer the shiny black color characteristic of Chorlak structures, but rather a dark, muted gray. Its age made sense, of course, the Chrolak had abandoned the practice of taking prisoners more than a hundred years ago.
The dullness of disappointment gathered in her chest, sensing that her reservations about the Vice Overseer would soon find merit. Her lips drew into a dissatisfied line as she followed Zileca inside. There was nothing else she could do. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she wondered if she should be concerned about dying in this building. Her hopes, as limited as they had been, were so thoroughly dashed at the moment that she wasn't entirely offended by the possibility. However, realistically it seemed unlikely that the woman would go to such lengths to select Avaria and then promptly execute her.
Like the outside of the building, the interior didn't exactly look rundown, but everything looked dull and faded like old coins. They entered the spacious elevator on the back side of the room in single file, and Worg selected the highest of many buttons to take them to the top floor. 
As the elevator lurched to life, Avaria observed that both Zileca and Worg held themselves even straighter, chests puffed up and shoulders back as if they also were uncomfortable with whatever awaited them when the doors opened again. 
Avaria's brow furrowed in mild concern, but she subconsciously mirrored their stance, clasping her hands in front of her in the same formal way they were. It was an awkwardly long ascent, but the unnatural silence didn't bother her, and she took the opportunity to look for clues in her superior's face.
Zileca didn't look afraid, but her features were arranged rather firmly, despite the civil, closed-mouth smile just slightly tilting her lips. It certainly seemed like they meant to intimidate whatever they were about to encounter.
Avaria abandoned her efforts to glean any more information and instead focused her gaze on the double doors before her, lightly tapping her fingers across the back of her other hand impatiently. At last, they slowed to a rather violent halt, and mechanisms within the door began to whir, promising to soon reveal whatever Zileca had neglected to tell her.
The top floor was revealed inch by inch through the widening slot between the doors. Nothing looked unusual enough to warrant all the fuss. She saw a big, well-decorated hall, the edges of a few reclining chairs positioned about- then her muscles went so slack that she couldn't tell whether or not she was still standing.
Three massive creatures loomed in one of the corners, the sea of knots across their dark gray skin almost like a layer of smooth pebbles. Their deep red eyes locked onto her piercingly, their hairless heads tilting back and forth in quick, snappy motions. They were assessing her.
“Growloc.” The word slipped through her lips, voice barely above a whisper, long before she realized it was forming on her tongue. 
Zileca and Worg crossed her vision one after the other as they exited the elevator, their posture on guard but clearly not as astounded as she was. Her teeth clanked audibly, or at least it was audible to her own ears, as she reigned in her wayward wits.
A couple of lengthy strides, each exuding more confidence than she felt, brought her out of the elevator to confront the unbelievable scene before her. 
“How? No,” she paused to restructure her accusation as her shell-shocked brain supplied a better choice of wording, “Why? Why would you ever bring our only formidable enemy to the exact coordinates of our homeworld?” She whipped her head around to face Zileca, any appearances of respect for her wholly abandoned and the whistly aspect of the Chorlak language in her voice becoming sharp and gravelly.
Of course, she had never seen a Growloc face to face before; she wasn't a warrior, so she'd never battled one. But she was far from ignorant about them. Even the Marred heard about it every time the Growloc destroyed one of the planets that the Chorlak controlled. The Chorlak and Growloc had battled each other ruthlessly for as long as anyone knew. The two races were the most powerful in their quadrant of the Galaxy, and both were eager to quash the other, sealing their prowess over the weaker planets scattered about. 
Only one thing stopped one species from destroying the other's homeworld, and it was a very simple reason. Neither knew the location of the other's planet. At least, not until now. 
“The situation has changed.” 
Avaria wondered if that smile really was somehow permanently attached to Zileca's face as it had yet to show signs of wavering.
“Oh, did it?” She couldn't stop the sarcasm in her voice if she tried.
Her thumbs rubbed against her slick fingertips in an attempt to manage her hostility. The gesture failed to soothe her, so she settled on folding her arms over her chest to await a better explanation.
The Growloc couldn't speak the Chorlak tongue, their average-length teeth prohibited their mouths from forming the sounds, but evidently, these particular ones could understand it.
“Hear the whole story before you commit to your aggression.” 
Avaria's glare returned at once to the Growloc, whose posture indicated that he led the other two as he approached. The standard galactic language he spoke in flowed from his lips fluently, although layered with a tone that resembled stones crunching. He had the audacity to look condescending, or at least that was how she interpreted his nearly stationary facial features. It was a bit hard to tell. After properly looking at him, she noticed that he didn't have ears, only a several inch slot down either side of his head where they should be. She'd always known this about the Growloc, but seeing it in person, she realized that the verbal descriptions of their appearance didn't do their unnerving qualities justice.
Her brows furrowed even deeper, nearly morphing into one as her agitation mounted. She didn't respond and instead returned her piercing gaze to Zileca.
“Let's all take a seat,” the woman said cordially. 
Avaria pursed her lips as a sharp huff shot from her nostrils, but she consented, letting her arms swing down to her sides as she turned back around, only to stop in her tracks upon realizing how close the Growloc had gotten when she wasn't looking. The creatures seemed to dwarf all else with their sheer size. It had never before occurred to Avaria that she was short, at five foot, two inches she was a perfectly average Chorlak height. However, as she craned her neck at an almost uncomfortable angle to stare defiantly into eyes at least two feet above her own, she was certainly well aware of the possibility. 
The room they stood in boasted an unusually tall ceiling, likely for dramatic effect. The Growloc could stand in this room comfortably, but if Avaria's sense of humor could be heard through her fury, she would likely imagine that watching a Growloc contort their imposing figures enough to pass through short Chorlak doors would be a spectacle worth watching.
She didn't cower from the towering glare that met her own and passed by him with an unnecessary shove, a gesture she would no doubt deem childish in hindsight. 
She seated herself in a chair on the left side of the room's long table, and Zileca and Worg sat to her left and right. The Growloc sat on the other side, the physical barrier between them somehow instilling the slightest sense of security.
“I'll be brief.” 
Avaria turned her critical eyes upon the woman as she spoke.
“Together, the Chorlak and Growloc could rule our entire quadrant, and perhaps even some of the neighboring ones without any significant resistance.” Zileca's personable facade receded for a moment as she leaned forward slightly, scrutinizing Avaria's reaction. 
She didn't respond to the woman's words, but her aggressively wrinkled forehead loosened a bit into consideration. She supposed her initial reaction silenced her ability to logic. Otherwise, she would have surely recognized this reasonable explanation right away. Still, it felt wrong, and she couldn't shake the feeling that she was still missing key pieces crucial to fully judging the situation. 
Despite whatever arrangement Zileca had come to with the Growloc, as Avaria sat beside the other two Chorlak, she sensed an 'us versus them' sort of tension in the air. Then again, she supposed centuries of animosity couldn't be dissolved with any sense of urgency.
“Okay,” she deadpanned, her demeanor firmly settling into suspicious curiosity. “What does that have to do with me?”
Zileca leaned back in her chair, forming a fist with the hand that rested on the table before fidgeting a thumb against her closed fingers. It was the most discomfort Avaria had seen the woman express so far, and she felt her eyelids tense together just slightly as her skepticism burst to life.
“The Oversight decided on this, right? Why such secrecy?” 
Avaria searched for confirmation in the faces of the room's other occupants, but even the Growloc seemed somewhat uncomfortable, as though they'd been caught in a lie.
“They don't know about this?” A choppy, sarcastic laugh left her lips as her suspicions were validated by the group she now realized were some sort of rebels. 
She pinched the bridge of her nose tightly when her head chose that moment to remind her it was still in pain with a few sharp pulses that shot all the way down her spine.
“Well? Someone just be an adult and spit it out. I truly can't wait to hear it.”
“The High Overseer is closed-minded, too old fashioned to see the tactical advantage inches from his grasp.” Zileca now held herself very tall in her seat, as if her dominant pose would silence any protests to her words. 
Avaria had no intention to offer any resistance, the decision was clearly already made, but she was increasingly irritated that Zileca had so thoroughly uprooted her life and still hadn't disclosed why.
A passive-aggressive smirk pulled at her lip, and she leaned forward tensely, no longer respecting her superior enough to yield to her authority. 
“Why,” she paused to narrow her eyes just enough to convey her well-channeled impatience, “am. I. Here?” 
Zileca leaned forward too, unmoved by Avaria's impatience, and now they were locked into a harsh stare down. 
“For the sake of the Chorlak people, I need to become the High Overseer. Three days from now, High Overseer Tizomi will be at the Council Tower in sector 328. There, you will assassinate him.” Zileca leaned back in her chair, seemingly satisfied that she'd won their silent battle when Avaria's challenging posture subsided to shock.
“We will accompany you to see that you succeed.” 
Her muscles were so numb with surprise that her head almost felt like it was levitating as she turned it to face the Growloc who spoke. She was at a loss for how to respond. The events of the last few days had violently uprooted her from the nonchalant attitude she typically maintained. For years she had been a picture of self-control, but now she felt as though she was being helplessly cast about an emotional spinning wheel and couldn't identify precisely where she'd landed.
She didn't know how long she'd remained silent, but evidently, it had extended beyond the parameters of Worg's patience.
“This is where you speak, Three-Ring.” 
Avaria's lip curled slightly at the derogatory nickname, but it was more for show than genuine offense.
“That is the greatest form of treason any Chorlak could commit.” Her tone was slow and moderated as she settled on responding passively, although her face tightened with silent accusation.
“But you aren't a Chorlak,” Zileca countered, “This is your opportunity to correct that, to change the law under which Chorlea operates.” She edged forward again, intensifying her words, “Without High Overseer Tizomi in our way, we can restructure our society so that you and the others like you have a place in the new order that you help design.”
Avaria's lips tensed and relaxed in quick, barely perceptible movements as she mulled over these words, her fingers tapping a slow rhythm into her armrest. She supposed she should have expected exactly this sort of thing. What Zileca had done was quite clever. She facilitated an environment where the Marred would be inclined to kill each other, abandoning the honor of living by the Chorlak code in favor of personal gain, and with that foundation laid, what she was now suggesting could be perceived as somewhat reasonable. Zileca was only asking that she do the same thing again- kill another Chorlak to better her own life, disregarding the unit mentality of the Chorlak one more time.
Avaria could almost be impressed with the woman's scheme if she wasn't so increasingly irritated to be ensnared in it. A quiet sound passed through her mouth that was half huff, half growl as she leaned against her backrest with much more force than necessary.
She lightly massaged the bridge of her nose, eyes pinched tightly shut as the throbbing in her skull became almost blinding. A deep breath helped her steel herself to ignore the pain, and the calmness she managed to coral herself into by the time she opened her eyes provided her with some semblance of control over the situation.
“If I were to do what you want me to,” the words were like bitter honey in her mouth, prompting a hint of a sneer to distort her upper lip, “what happens to me afterward?”
Zileca seemed pleased by her response, although her expression barely reflected it, her brows perked up just enough to be noticed.
“At that point, you will have proved yourself more loyal than any other. There would be nothing to stop you from assuming a position of leadership in the new order.” Her eyes cut to the Growloc for a moment before returning to her. “When our peoples stand together, we will need many able bodies to oversee the planets and galaxies we will soon possess.”
Avaria forced her face to form a slight, clearly non-genuine smile to appear more stable minded than she felt. She sat this way for long enough that Worg shifted uncomfortably in the silence, but she didn't mind the building intensity as the others waited for her to speak. At that moment, she didn't know what words might form when she opened her mouth. Analyzing herself, she found that alarmingly, she wasn't terribly unsettled by the task. She could almost envision herself carrying it out. Almost.
After all, it was the High Overseer who personally sentenced each Marred to their banishment. It was also him, a small vengeful voice in the back of her mind offered, who condemned her parents to execution after they were arrested. She had a chance to uproot those unjust laws that had so thoroughly mutilated her life. 
The large but shrinking portion of her mind that conformed so devoutly to Chorlak law insisted that she couldn't stoop to such self-destructive savagery again. Contrarily, her self-preservation quickly reminded her that she had already disjointed herself from honorable, law-abiding Chorlak the moment that Korbak died. 
“When do I leave?” She was almost startled when her voice filled the room, somehow bursting with confidence despite having made the final decision only seconds before she spoke.
“There is a transport for us downstairs. We will begin our journey around the planet at dusk.” The Growloc sat a little taller, if that was even possible, satisfied that she would conform to her role in the plan. 
She didn't know precisely how long it would take to travel around three-quarters of the planet, but she knew that was exactly what they would be doing. They couldn't cross the quarter of the planet where the toxic mist resided, even though it was shorter. She could only assume that someone in the room had considered whether or not she could be brought to the Council Tower in time for the meeting. 
“In celebration, let us feast!” Zileca stood as she spoke, her movement quick but precise as the chair scraped backward in her wake. 
Avaria also hurried to her feet, not wanting Zileca to be able to look down at her, and followed the woman to the elevator. 
Despite the dark, almost guilt-ridden mood attempting to sweep across her mind, an amused smirk brightened her face as she stood in the back of the elevator, watching the three Growloc stand in a disgruntled clump outside the doors. They considered one another for a moment, silently deliberating how they might fit their massive bodies into the Chorlak-height elevator, before finally the leader hunched his shoulders, rounded his neck, and waddled in awkwardly. She could have laughed at the sheer annoyance on his face had she not been so devoutly maintaining a composure she hoped was intimidating. 
Alas, the doors dinged to a horribly cordial close, its inhabitants tucked uncomfortably within, before humming to life. She leaned back against the wall to put a few more inches between her nose and the pebbly skin inches from it. Her face faltered, doubt threatening to consume her. She couldn't stop thinking that she had just done something terribly wrong.

It turned out that Chorlak food was actually pretty good before it was all mashed together in a food machine. However, Avaria could barely swallow any of the colorful fruits and meats spread before her. She blamed the twisting in the pit of her stomach on the blender-slop it was accustomed to metabolizing, firmly refusing to accept that the feeling might be dread. That would just be too impractical.
When they finished their meal, Zileca issued her more detailed instructions and sent the group on their way. Avaria had been surprised to see that their transport cube had fully transparent windows, but apparently only members of the Oversight Board were allowed to have one-sided windows. It was quite unfortunate that they would have to make their journey in a vehicle so prone to exposing them, but it couldn't be helped. 
She now sat in the briskly moving cube with her hooded vest pulled low and her posture appearing relaxed. In truth, the many factors that could put a person on edge were causing a spike in her alertness, making it more challenging to maintain her unmoved persona.
One of the many sizable causes for concern was the possibility of being spotted, but the streets appeared to be nearly desolate at this hour of the night. Even the moon seemed to cooperate, its light muted to a dull glow by the grey clouds that mercifully obscured it. The less of them that passers-by could see the better off they were because there wasn't a hood in the world that could be pulled low enough to conceal her three traveling companions. Their bulky frames were unmissable. 
The creatures in question spoke to each other occasionally, their native tongue sounding a bit like rocks tumbling while joints cracked. Their voices fell meaninglessly on Avaria's ears, so she didn't pay them too much attention.
She didn't mind being excluded from their conversation and was content to simply peer through the window from under her hood. Tinges of pink seeped into the sky, warning that rays of sunlight would soon assault their small transport and rudely subject the rather conspicuous Growloc to the scrutiny of every eye they passed. 
“We've almost reached the first checkpoint.” The leader Growloc, who she learned was called Gorjo, stated in the standard tongue. All of the creatures looked very similar, but the patterns of lumps across their faces were distinct enough to tell them apart. Beyond that, Gorjo was the tallest of the trio.
She didn't answer but swept her eyes up and down him assessingly, her plastered half-smile somewhat offsetting the rudeness of the gesture.
Jagg, who seemed to be the least intelligent, rose from his place beside her, his bulky form infringing rather clumsily into her personal space before he found his balance, grunting oafishly when his head connected with the roof. Gorjo shot him a hard look for the mistake, making Jagg flinch in a way so subtle it could have almost been imagined. 
Avaria stood too, although with much more grace. Unfortunately, the swift movement called an army of bright sparks to dance across her eyes and remind her that she still had a sizable gash on her head. She contained any outward symptoms of her dizziness, planting her feet firmly to avoid stumbling and clenching her jaw in concentration. 
“We're here,” Teboc announced from his position at the steering wheels. 
His voice sounded tense, although, with his thick grumbly accent, it was hard to tell for sure.
He wasn't much shorter than his fellow Growloc, but he was just short enough that he could stand in the cube with only a slight distortion of his neck. 
The transport gently lowered to the ground, hitting it with a light thump before the door folded away. Avaria snatched her hood down a little further. Although in her present company it hardly made them less noticeable, her instincts demanded it, and oddly, it made her feel a little better. 
She rolled her shoulders as she stepped out onto the pavement, a vain attempt to combat the tingling sensation that pulsated from the slash on her back. The injury had recovered from the numbness it had accumulated from being leaned against for so long.
They were soon creeping down an alley so narrow that the Growloc had to walk at an angle to fit. Although Avaria couldn't see from her position in the line, they must've reached their destination because she nearly ran into Teboc when he sharply halted. Jagg, who had taken up the rear, lacked such refined reflexes because he did run into Avaria. Despite almost being knocked to the ground, she regained her footing before she collided with Teboc and didn't utter a sound. She remembered the way the other Growloc looked at Jagg when he was clumsy in the transport cube and the way he shrank under their gaze. In hindsight, when the creatures were talking, Jagg hardly uttered a word. She didn't like or trust any of them, but she did understand what it was like to be at the bottom of the food chain, so she chose not to highlight Jagg's latest bout of poorly harnessed limbs.
Teboc turned fully sideways, and she saw that he was standing in front of a large grate in the side of a building, the bottom of which was flush with the ground. He hunched at an awkward angle to loop his fingers through its holes, then yanked it off brutishly, unconfronted by the screws meant to hold it in place. Avaria hunched down to step through the hole, remaining crouched in the short space under the structure's bottom floor. 
Once they were all safely concealed in the building's foundation, no easy feat for her giant co-conspirators, Gorjo drug the grate back into place, although it was slightly askew without the screws to hold it.
“I'll have first watch.” Teboc offered at a well-projected whisper, looking to his leader for approval. Gorjo nodded, making the other Growloc's chest puff up a bit with pride. His eyes cut to Jagg smugly, then he quickly scooted closer to the grate, where light had started to cast a grid of tiny square shadows. The pebbly lumps on his face, which previously seemed to obscure his races' expressions, suddenly looked harder, like he was deep in concentration, eager to perform.
Avaria knew that she needed sleep, it would take another two nights of travel to arrive at the council tower, and she would need to rest in order to be effective when she arrived.
However, as she curled up against the wall furthest from the grate, her silver eyes absorbing just enough light to see the gray figures waddling awkwardly a few feet away, an increasingly familiar sense of unease brought tightness to her features. Her concern only worsened when Jagg chose to settle himself relatively near to her spot, which was intentionally as far from the other Growloc as possible. Then it occurred to her that perhaps he too wanted distance between them. The thought settled her a little, but not much.
She wasn't entirely sure if there were such mistrust and competition among the ranks of Chorlak Warriors, but she doubted it. Such mixed goals and intentions didn't seem to align with their unit mentality.
Jagg's breaths seemed to have evened out, lessening the possibility of him attacking when she slept. Still, she tucked one hand inside a fold of her torso wrap to secure the hilt of her collapsible dagger, which she was quite glad she'd kept. The chilly metal against her fingertips served to lend her some sense of preparedness, but even so, by the time she felt relaxed enough in the creatures' presence to sleep, it was nearly her turn to take watch. 


Chapter 7


The next two days of their journey had been so remarkably uneventful that she almost felt confident about what she was doing. Even the Growloc, despite the natural rigidity in their bodies, seemed more at ease. Jagg had nearly slumped his heavy upper body onto her one time when he went to sleep, but luckily, she had elbowed him in time to avoid being crushed, and coincidentally, before Gorjo noticed his drowsiness.
As soon as the cube halted where they would be waiting out the last sunlight of their trip, Avaria's intuition hinted that something was wrong with a slight prickling on the back of her neck. Unfortunately, her only response was to scratch the spot, adjust her hood, and follow the other three out of the cube.
The alley they walked down was too wide and airy to feel secure in, and the clotheslines hanging between the buildings indicated that the area had far more traffic than where they'd passed the first two days. The prickles increased, and she rubbed at them through her hood, effectively silencing the sensation with the roughly woven material. The Growloc didn't like the openness either. After spending almost three days in close quarters with them, she could identify the discomfort in their unusually bowed shoulder blades and the quick back and forth tilting of their heads, motions so sharp they would likely pull a muscle in most creatures' necks. Gorjo wasn't quite as fidgety as the others, and Avaria thought it was due to his being significantly older and more experienced. She didn't know that for sure, to her eyes there was scarcely a difference between the three that might indicate his age. However, in the time they'd spent together, she'd picked up a certain battle-hardened quality about him that she sensed couldn't be acquired through anything but time lived.
She decided to push herself between Gorjo and Teboc to take up the front of the group, her muscles loosening a little once their boulder-like bodies no longer obscured her view. It was better that she led in the darkness anyway as her eyes absorbed more light than their beady red ones.
A soft thump made her freeze like a statue. The sounds of gravel crunching behind her ceased at once, indicating that her associates had done the same. She glanced over her shoulder, the slow part of her brain prompting her to confirm that they wouldn't run into her before she could fully process that their steps had silenced. Their postures were crouched as if preparing to charge, but their heads snapped about in sharp movements suggesting that they also didn't know where the sound had originated. 
She turned back around, her slightly better night vision allowing her to quickly spot a small shadowy figure standing in an open doorway just ahead.
The little blue girl stood perfectly still, her torso wrap disheveled like she'd slept in it. On the ground, beyond her loose fingertips, a stuffed animal lay in a crumpled heap, abandoned in its keeper's astonishment. Her head turned slowly to track Avaria's movement as she crept closer, her jaw remaining appropriately agape even as she craned her neck upwards to see the strange Chorlak before her. Avaria didn't often see children; even when she had been a child herself, she could never play with other kids, always forced to remain in hiding. Despite her ignorance about such matters, Avaria guessed the girl was about six. 
The Growloc were standing behind her now, she could tell by the child's darting eyes and the dark cloud that seemed to have settled around them. She had never felt so hostile towards these particular Growloc as she did at that moment, somehow sensing what they were thinking before they had uttered a word. 
Avaria seized the little girl quickly before she could scream or retreat within the apartment building. With practiced ease, she wrapped an arm around her tiny neck, skillfully avoiding her airways, and squeezed firmly, catching the unconscious body the moment it went limp in her grasp.
“She will talk. We cannot leave her.” Gorjo had the decency to have at least some pretense of remorse in his whispered voice, but not enough to stop Avaria from growling quietly at him as she lowered the small Chorlak to the pavement. 
“You would feel differently if it were a Growloc child.” There was no malice in her tone. It was only a statement of fact.
The most logical thing might very well be to allow the Growloc to do away with the small witness. She could see that. Nonetheless, there was no hesitation in Avaria's mind about defending her. It was just a natural reaction. She hadn't ever really developed much of a moral compass; most Chorlak never did. They saw no right or wrong, only effective and ineffective, logical and illogical.
Avaria raised herself quickly to her full height, each movement punctuated with the aggression of someone steeling themself for an altercation. At this point, she wasn't sure from what moral or practical basis her protectiveness for the girl was being drawn, all she knew was that she'd never justify herself for standing by while they murdered the innocent child.
“At most, we have seconds before she wakes again.” Teboc reached for the pistol-like weapon that hung from his waistband, looking to his leader for any indication that he could proceed.
“I think it is best you step away.” Gorjo's features sharpened as he spoke, although whether he was hardening himself against her inevitable rebuttal or his own dark intentions was anyone's guess.
 “No,” she said simply, consciously resisting the urge to let emotions alter her expression. Gorjo didn't budge, but his companions drew back a bit, clearly unused to their leader being defied.
She forced the slightest cocky smile onto her lips, defaulting on her long-ingrained habit of exuding confidence. She knew the expression couldn't reach her eyes, her face felt hard enough to break glass, but she was sure it still had the desired effect, it always did.
“Vice Overseer Zileca allowed you onto our planet, and you are not going to use that privilege to murder our children.” Her voice was characteristically casual, contrasting the intense situation. In truth, she wasn't entirely sure that Zileca would take her side. However, she wasn't there, and Avaria was undoubtedly more qualified to speak for her than the Growloc were.
Gorjo's face hinted at a slight hesitation as he considered her relaxed, perhaps somewhat disorienting display of confidence. The others looked too stunned to do much of anything, and she didn't pay them any attention. Gorjo was the one she needed to back down.
She pressed into his moment of doubt, taking a step towards him as though she weren't two feet shorter.
“You're going to step away,” she stated plainly, “and I'm going to handle this.”
She straightened her posture as much as possible, determined to make the most of every inch of her short stature. In the corner of her eye, she saw the girl's limbs begin to twitch, signaling that she would soon become a witness once again. 
“If you don't, I'll whistle loud enough to wake every Chorlak in this sector, I'll get away in the chaos and finish without you. Trust me, no one will see the humor in your presence here.” 
She didn't actually know if she could get away in such a scenario. In reality, it was unlikely she could make it far with the condemning red rings hanging in her ear, but her uncertainty was fully concealed in her empowered voice.
Teboc and Jagg glanced at their leader uncertainly, even as their stances remained braced for combat, but Gorjo's eye remained trained on hers. The doubt in the subversive Growlocs' faces fueled Avaria's self-confidence, but still, her heart quickened its pace in the stretching silence that followed. Finally, Gorjo tilted his head in a silent command. Jagg's posture slumped obediently, but Teboc almost looked ready to argue. Almost. His uprising was silenced in an instant with Gorjo's harsh glare, and he backed up a few paces, then turned to continue down the alleyway with Jagg close behind him. For the brief moment in which Avaria's eyes tracked them, she thought she saw Jagg's lumps shift upward from the corners of his mouth. It was so fleeting she could have imagined it.
“Keep in touch.” The remaining Growloc retrieved a round button-riddled object from this belt and thrust it into her hand. It must have been a communicator of some sort, but she had no idea how to operate it. She wasn't exactly too prideful to ask, but she was certainly too irritated, so she tucked it into her torso wrap without a word. His rigid face bent just slightly to display a displeased snarl before he turned to follow his men, quickly vanishing around a corner.
Avaria didn't realize how tightly her fists were clenched until she released them, her fingers stretching out soothingly of their own accord. Now that she was alone, she was able to consider her actions more critically. The same doubt that was becoming her constant companion caused her forehead to tense slightly, wondering if it was a mistake to instinctively resist the Growloc's administration of what she knew was the most practical solution.
But as she turned from the place the gray giants had just vacated and saw a pair of silver eyes beginning to blink open, her brow line was able to relax. She felt deep down that she had done the right thing, and that felt good. She insisted to herself that protecting other members of their race was a very Chorlak thing to do, even when it did seem to defy logic. Somewhere in the recesses of her mind, she had a sense that the thought was incorrect. Although she could temporarily ignore the part of her mind she'd trained to think like a proper Chorlak, the shadow of its presence insisted that a true Chorlak only valued the reward and cared little about the cost, even if it was the life of a child.
She banished the fluttering thought the instant it formed, refusing to regard her actions as rebellious. All of her efforts had been in pursuit of a single goal: becoming a Chorlak. She wasn't about to start questioning her loyalty or her likeness to them now.

The girl had been naively trusting, like all children, even Chorlak ones, usually were. She believed Avaria when she told her that she'd fallen asleep in the alley. 
That had been the easy part. The girl had fallen asleep in her arms before Avaria even had to worry about concealing the three rings in her ear. Navigating her way through the still dark building to return the girl to the fourth floor, which was the one inscribed on her apartment key, was trickier, especially as light began to seep through the tinted windows and into the corridors. Regardless, she'd succeeded in quietly letting herself into the girl's apartment and even had put her to bed without waking her parents. With any luck, she would dismiss the entire event as a dream.
Despite her initial success, she was now crouched awkwardly in the same unnatural position she had adopted several hours ago to fit under the small decorative table in the family's foyer. Her neck hurt from holding it bent for so long, but a ruffling in the tablecloth inches from her face as someone passed it reminded her that she wasn't at liberty to stretch her aching neck.
It had been a stroke of terrible luck that today was a holiday, the 408th anniversary of the algorithm's implementation. If it had been any other day, the girl's parents, who were unknowingly holding her captive, would be gone by now, either training or preparing for an attack. 
She supposed it was somewhat fortunate that she had heard the father's footsteps in time to locate a hiding spot, but as she rolled her shoulder in an attempt to loosen the spasming muscles of her neck, lucky wasn't a word that sprung to her mind. Even if she managed to get out of the building, she didn't know where the next checkpoint was. In hindsight, neglecting to learn how the communicator worked was probably a lapse in judgment.
Despite the attention-grabbing aches and spasms in her muscles, she was so exhausted that she managed to sleep for a few nonconsecutive hours. However, each time she woke up, her cramps were worse. One time, she woke so violently that her head slammed into the underside of the table. Fortunately, the family was watching a live stream of the celebratory cannons at the time, and the sound from it was loud enough to drown her mistake.
Finally, the light filtering through the cloth around her started to dim, then the living room's lights clicked off. She crept slowly from her hiding place, her joints cracking as they returned to normal positions. After sparing a quick glance about the room to identify any threats, she rushed to the door as though it may suddenly disappear. To Avaria's ears, the knob's internal clicks sounded loud enough to bother the dead, and no matter how slowly she twisted, the noise continued. Fortunately, it was over soon, and she eased the door open, careful that it didn't squeak. Her free hand grabbed the hem of her hood, pulling it down as far as possible over her face in readiness to leave.
The door was now open just enough to accommodate her escape, and she quietly turned sideways so she could slip through it. 
“Wait.”
If the ceiling had been mere inches lower, Avaria probably would have leaped right through it. She twirled around on her heel, and there was the child, the same stuffed Skarm she'd had that morning hanging over her arm.
“What are you doing?” Avaria hissed, alarm driving her mouth before she could think properly.
The girl crossed her arms over the stuffed animal defiantly.
“I knew you were there all day,” she whispered firmly, “and I didn't tell.”
“Why not?”
“Because, you're in my picture.”
Avaria felt her brows flex slightly in confusion, but then she saw the pendant hanging around her small neck. It was a simple red crystal, monetarily worthless, but it conjured a memory that had long been ignored in the depths of her brain.
She stepped towards the girl almost reverently, her means of escape entirely forgotten as she knelt to look at the crystal. Tiny fingers loosely gripped the bottom of it, bringing it closer to Avaria so she could see. As the center of the crystal met her eyeline, a figure came into focus, suspended forever in place. A young girl with long double braids stared back at her, and despite the bright smile on the child's face, Avaria's chest constricted as though she were seeing some harrowing ghost from the past.
“Where did you get this?” The breathless words coming from her mouth sounded far too vulnerable to possibly be her own.
“My father gave it to me.” 
Avaria stood straight in an instant, her eyes flashing around the room with a newfound interest in its contents. On a table, the same one she'd hidden under all day, was a single picture suspended in a well-polished slab of glass. She picked it up, her eyes locking with those of a man she'd never imagined seeing again. She no longer stood in an apartment, but in a small bunker that lay in the space between the city and the Ruins. Hands clasped her upper arms like a vice, pulling her from her family, her mother restrained from coming to her rescue by the same man in this picture. His face had been so hard, as though there was no life behind his eyes at all. Her recollection slowed to a near halt as her mind fixated on the red crystal that had hung around her mother's neck, swinging gently as its owner struggled with all her might. 
“Um, what're you doing?” 
These words shocked Avaria so much that the glass slipped through her fingers, and her entire body jolted as a horrifying shatter banished the silence like a bullet through wet paper.
Everything was quiet again. It was the calm before the storm.
Then the room flooded with bright white intruder lights, so blinding that Avaria had to close her eyes. The child's shrill scream pierced through her eardrums like icicles, and her palms rushed to shield her ears. Her lids would barely open, but the shade from her hood blocked just enough light that she could crack her eyes. The man whose face had stunned her to the point of failing her stealthy getaway was standing across the room behind a spotlight that had dropped down from the ceiling.
Before she processed what he was holding, a deafening shot rang out. Oddly, it felt like several seconds passed before the pain manifested. She growled almost savagely at the burning sensation attacking her upper arm like molten lava had splashed onto it. She stumbled back and nearly tripped over the girl, who was curled up on the ground, but quickly recovered her footing and sprinted through the door just as it crackled in protest of the two bullets that lodged into it.
The hallway was dark on the way in, but to her light-adjusted eyes, it was now pitch black. She ran at full speed anyway in the direction she thought she'd come from until one of her steps met air, sending her tumbling down a flight of stairs. Instinctively, she coiled her body into a tight ball, arms covering her head, and although she had to grit her teeth each time a step hit her wounded arm, she got to the bottom relatively unharmed. She stood quickly, surprised that the action made her dizzy, but didn't wait to orient herself before she ran again. Her vision was better now, and when she reached the next flight of stairs, she took them two at a time, jumping to the floor from the third step.
A disordered clamor started to gather behind her, and hallway lights flickered on, urging her to lean even more into her gait. Another two flights of stairs brought her to the ground floor, and she could see the open doorway that had started her unpleasant day. She charged through it so hard that she barely managed to bring up her arms in time to avoid slamming herself against the other side of the alley. This, it turned out, did not sit well with her injured left arm. For a moment, she thought the patches swimming across her vision would consume her, but after a moment, they subsided, and her arm settled to an intense, but manageable level of pain.
The night was peaceful outside, blissfully unaware of the excitement taking place within the building she'd just exited. She staggered a few steps, the pain intensifying as she clasped her right hand over the fresh bullet wound, but she quickly tightened her lips and forced herself to walk normally. 
All lights inside the building were on now, and a few people had started to trickle out of neighboring buildings to see what the fuss was about. They paid her graciously little attention as they passed her, each focused on satisfying their curiosity. Soon, she reached the parking lot, where hundreds of identical black cubes rested in long rows. 
She halted, blinking firmly in an attempt to think clearly through the throbbing that had spread across her whole shoulder. Unimpressed by her efforts, her brain stubbornly refused, and she could only wander farther into the lot with no idea which cube would allow her in. 
She spun in alarm when something started to hum mechanically, but she relaxed when she saw it was a cube, opening for her as it registered that she was a programmed user. Her ascent of the three steps that folded out for her was far from graceful, but she still managed to herd all of her limbs inside. It was a profound relief when the door closed again, and she tumbled onto the floor like dead weight, breathing deeply to calm herself. 
Enforcers would soon be scouring the area for an intruder, but they would be looking for an escapee from the madhouse, not someone who had access to a transport cube to hide in. Security measures were meant for off-world thieves. No sane Chorlak would break into someone else's house. There was no reason to, all members of society were issued similar things. The insane Chorlak only had one month to recover from their mental instability before they were 'excused from their indignity' by means of lethal injection.
It was a shame for them, but at that particular moment, Avaria was glad such people existed to send the Enforcers looking for her in the wrong places.
She let go of her injury to look at it, scrunching her nose a bit at the tiny hole on the surface of her left bicep. She had to twist her upper body rather strangely to see it, but it appeared that there was a similar hole on the back of her arm. The shot had gone clean through. At least she didn't have to worry about extracting the bullet. She untied the handkerchief covering her wrist brand, deciding that concealing the mark was less critical than ebbing the blood flow. A wince seized her features as she wrapped the strip around her wound, but after some struggling, she managed to tie it off quite well, considering she only had one hand eligible for the task. The dark material turned green almost immediately with her blood, but it was the best she could do with the resources she had.
She flipped onto her back again, breathing deeply as her arm started to numb. Her fingers drummed against her stomach impatiently, waiting for the Growloc to arrive. Once again, she wished she knew how to use the communicator.
Her mind kept trying to pull her attention back to the old memory that had been freshly provoked, but she resisted fiercely, the taps of her fingers becoming firmer by the minute. She couldn't afford to be emotional when her traveling companions returned. They would likely still be angry at her for resisting them, and she needed to be fully alert. The Growloc were known for having particularly vengeful natures. 
Her hands' movements gradually relaxed as heaviness pulled at the corners of her mind, and before she realized she was at risk, she was sleeping like a stone.

“Where have you three been?” She asked casually, awake and fully alert the instant that the doors started to hum. 
She didn't turn to look at them from her place on the floor, instead devoting her efforts to standing up without looking too clumsy. Appearing weak was never ideal on the planet of Chorlea, but in her present company, the idea was particularly unappealing.
“Avoiding the Enforcers you summoned with your foolishness.” Gorjo glared through narrowed eyes as he spoke, his tone more grumbly than usual.
“You're too sentimental for battle,” Teboc emphasized, supporting his leader. However, Gorjo didn't react to his prodigy's efforts. It seemed he had fallen from the older man's good graces.
“I'm so glad you all made it.” Avaria's tone strategically toed the line between sarcastic and genuine, although her close-lipped smile slightly tipped the scales. “To think I might miss out on our charming conversations.” She shook her head in mock dismay. “It would just be too much for my sentimental heart to bear.”
One of the Growloc grunted, she couldn't tell which one as they all sounded the same, but clearly, someone was unimpressed by her humorous demeanor. 
She didn't mind, and her passive half-smile remained fully intact as she settled into a seat. Her care-free attitude might have become forced during the time she'd spent at the Marred facility, but in a way, the facade had made a full circle. At some point, it became so natural that she didn't even have to think about it anymore, or actively quash conflicting emotions.
The display was a part of her now. Sometimes, even she couldn't tell what was really going on in her head, and she liked it that way. It protected her from properly confronting her grief, and she noticed early on that the more relaxed she kept herself, the easier it was to maintain control in tense situations. 
“What is that?” Jagg asked, his eyes staring pointedly at her left arm.
“Fashion.” 
Despite her friendly tone, she supposed it was somewhat rude to pacify his question so vaguely, but she was resentful towards the creatures for what they'd wanted to do just hours before. Then again, Jagg hadn't seemed entirely on board with the others. Maybe he didn't deserve so much of her aggression, but she was very tired, and that probably didn't improve her personality. However long she had just slept, it must not have been long enough. 
As the cube slowly lifted from the ground in readiness to continue their journey, she couldn't help but let her mind drift back to the loving faces of her parents before her life had crumbled apart. It was a comforting thought in some ways, but she felt guilty knowing that she was about to completely discard the person they'd taught her to be and the sense of morality they'd wanted to instill.
The thoughts continued to swirl about her head with increasingly less cohesiveness, and soon she plunged fully into darkness. 


Chapter 8
 

The cube was parked at its final destination when Jagg woke her by shifting in preparation to stand. It seemed she had dozed off and must have leaned against him at some point. Her eyes were met with the sight of Gorjo glaring at her as though falling asleep was the most irresponsible thing she could ever do, and nothing else would ever top it. She wiggled her eyebrows at him teasingly, furthering his disapproval, before shifting to stand.
Despite Gorjo's grumpiness, and Teboc's backup grumpiness, which she could perceive on his features from the corner of her eye, she was somewhat touched that Jagg hadn't pushed her off him.
Maybe the arrangement with the Growloc would work out well after all.

Progress was swift but careful as they navigated through the complex alleyways, the brightening sky making it increasingly difficult to stay out of sight. Avaria followed behind Gorjo, who knew the route best, careful to avoid brushing her injured arm against the walls. The sensitive area had pretty much gone numb, and she didn't want to do anything that might irritate it again.
They arrived at a tall industrial building before the first sun was fully above the horizon. The structure didn't look much different from the others, but Avaria thought it was strangely foreboding. Her feet wanted to drag, but Teboc was too close behind her to allow it. 
In the typical brutish Growloc fashion, Gorjo snatched the back door from its hinges like it was a cheap toy. He ducked under the doorframe, and as much as her insides squirmed in protest, she followed, projecting every ounce of confidence she could muster. 
She didn't know exactly what the building produced, but she did know that most of it was done mechanically, and there were only a few workers who lived there to maintain the machines. There were at least a hundred of what looked like square silver columns on this floor, but the buzzes and beeps emitted from them revealed that the neat rows of objects were, in fact, some sort of machines. 
They found all six workers gathered in a meeting room on the second floor, just as Zileca said they would. Gorjo and Teboc herded them all into a closet with little resistance. Out of all the Chorlak, machine workers were the least combat-ready. 
Avaria pursed her lips as a pang of pity struck her at the sight of her fellow creatures' misfortunes. Feeling a tinge of shame, she pulled her hood to more thoroughly obstruct her face as she followed Jagg into the elevator at the back of the room.
Teboc was supposed to be the one to go up with her, but she didn't like Teboc, so earlier that day, she convinced Gorjo that Jagg was taller and would, therefore, be better suited to the task at hand. Teboc wasn't pleased with the decision, but that struck her as exclusively his problem.
She didn't speak to Jagg as they were hoisted steadily upwards in the smooth-riding elevator, but Avaria looked him up and down subtly from the corner of her eye. Despite his being her most preferred of the beasts, her growing unease with the situation had prompted her distrust to return full force.
The doors finally slid open again, letting them out at the top floor. There was a cabinet a few feet from the elevator, and inside it was an elongated pouch containing the rifle Zileca had somehow arranged to be there.
Although the advanced weapon was quite lightweight, it felt terribly heavy in her hands. Refusing to consider why, she quickly dropped the strap over her neck and tightened it, fixing the case firmly against her back. There was also a bright silver cable coiled on the bottom of the cabinet with a small metal cylinder on the end. She wrapped it around her waist several times before tying it snugly.
Jagg had already gone ahead of her down the hallway, so she jogged to catch up with him. At the end of it was a small window, the only openable one on the top floor, pulled slightly ajar. Jagg snatched it the rest of the way, applying much more force than necessary. In reality, Teboc could have reached the window just fine. 
What a shame, she thought sarcastically, making a brief smirk appear on her features.
The small opening that no Growloc could ever hope to climb through successfully was the only reason she had been included in this task at all. If there had only been a door opening up to the roof, she would still be rotting away in the dingy corridors that had been her world for so long. She shivered at the thought, unprepared when Jagg grabbed her hips without warning and easily hoisted her upwards. She flailed unsteadily for a second before posting her hands on his nearest shoulder, almost letting go in surprise at how hot his flesh was, even through the light material covering it. She shot him a mildly annoyed glare but didn't otherwise protest as her heart began to thump a little faster in her chest. Until now, she hadn't allowed her mind to truly dwell on what she was about to do, but she could no longer avoid it.
The plan was in motion. She was minutes from assassinating an unsuspecting, although certainly far from innocent, man. Her eyes closed and she took a deep, calming breath. When they snapped open, she was focused. She leaned back and swiftly transferred her left hand's grip from Jagg's vest to the upper part of the window seal, her fingertips just barely curling around the edge of the thin molding outside of the building. Her injury started to throb, but her arm was still numb enough to ignore it.
It occurred to her, entirely too late, of course, that perhaps she was afraid of heights. This was the first time she had ever been called upon to do anything that involved dangling herself hundreds of feet above solid ground. 
Regardless, her right hand was soon clenching the frame so tight her hands started prickling, and she hauled herself through the window in one rapid motion before her nerve could go crashing to the streets below. In seconds, she was hanging from the side of the building, her feet perched against the bottom of the windowsill and her hands gripping the top hard enough to shatter a glass. Her body immediately protested with a massive spike in her heart rate. She could barely hear her thoughts over its roaring in her ears, and the shortness of her breaths made patches appear across her vision, terrifying her even more with the possibility they brought of her blacking out and losing her grip. Then she could come to just in time to experience the last few moments of her descent before splattering in the street. Her first reaction was to shake herself in defense against her deteriorating line of thought, but she realized in time that such a move would likely compromise her stability.
Jagg must have noticed something was wrong because he took it upon himself to present his most helpful advice. “Don't look down,” he offered uselessly from where he stood, still holding her hips. Under different circumstances, she might smirk at him or retort with some smart-alec quip, but at the moment, all of her concentration was spoken for.
His grip wasn't reassuring, given her mistrust of his people's intentions, but it was better than nothing. Maybe. She studied the distance between herself and the top of the building, her forearms already quivering in agitation from the strain of her death grip. In order to grasp the short metal guard rail, she would have to leap several feet. She didn't think before looking at her feet to see if they were stable enough to jump, and instantly it was as though someone had crushed her chest and was now squeezing too tight for her to draw in air. Although she knew the ground was far away, seeing it for herself was a very unwelcome confirmation. The logical part of her brain, apparently still functioning to some degree, squinched her eyes shut so she could compose herself. The moment taken to calm herself presented an unfortunate drawback.
“I'm letting go, get ready to jump.” 
She focused on his words, trying to distract herself as the pressure on her hips vanished. She was wrong before, his help had been more comforting than she gave it credit for, and her breathing shortened even more without it. There was nothing to stop her from plummeting if she lost her grip. 
It required every ounce of her bravery, but she managed to pry her eyes open. The first thing she saw was Jagg standing on the other side of the open window, the muscles in front of his hearing slots flexing in and out oddly. She supposed it was an anxious gesture, but it looked a bit like some aquatic animal's gills as it breathed. The humorous thought uprooted her rising panic enough for her to concentrate again. She held perfectly still for a moment, furrowed her brow in readiness, then propelled herself upwards. Her body stretched out to its full length, and for a moment, she was soaring through the air. She felt powerful, like some ancient animal launching after its prey.
The bar was coming closer rapidly. Suddenly, she thought she could reach it. Her eyes naturally opened wider to expand her vision, but the only thing in focus was the bar. Her left hand closed around it firmly and her right hand's fingers brushed against the chilly metal, but then they closed on air. She gasped as gravity summoned her to slam against the side of the building. The whistly scream that exploded from her lips deafened even her own ears as her injury roared to life from the depths of numbness. She couldn't imagine her shoulder hurting any worse if it was on fire. The searing pain already made it feel almost like it was burning off.
A gust of wind raced across her skin, so cold it seemed to freeze her blood. The strength of it dried her eyes out almost instantly, drastically hindering her view of the bar as she was forced to squint. Her free arm flailed for it desperately but in vain as her other arm's muscle fibers quivered like they were ripping. Her grasp was becoming softer each moment.
Some pessimistic part of her mind urged her to consider death. It was almost a relief when the thought came to her, as falling to her death was obviously the worst possible outcome, and she wasn't really bothered by it. Life hadn't held much meaning for her in quite some time.
She had just started to wonder what it was going to be like as she fell when a hand so hot she could feel it through her boot clasped her dangling foot and pushed it upward, giving her just enough of a step to secure her other hand. The arm she'd hung from for so long was weak and ached with a horrible vengeance, but she finagled just enough power from it to pull herself up. Her foot hooked over the bar, and at last, she was over it, rolling a few feet across the flat roof before halting on her back.
A strange sort of chuckle left her lips, as though she were surprised to be alive. Her adrenaline only had to settle slightly before she registered that part of the rifle was applying pressure against the slash on her back. An instant later, she realized that this was very painful, motivating her to spring to her feet. 
She didn't get to enjoy the thrill of cheating death for very long, now reminded of the dark task she had risked her life to accomplish. The relieved smile was sucked from her face like it had come unfastened and slid off.
She moved swiftly, knowing she didn't have much time to deliberate. Every moment she mentally insisted to herself that this was a good idea. 
High Overseer Tizomi. He wasn't spoken of very highly among the Marred, as he stood at the head of the society that cast them aside and did nothing to stop it. Of course, no one dared say anything negative about him either. That would be treason, which was the last thing any Marred hoping for integration wanted. However, there was a certain understanding between the members of the Marred, a sort of hush-hush air of dislike. 
Avaria had never really resented the man, perhaps she did when she was young, but at some point, she stopped caring about what anyone else was doing and focused only on bettering herself. Despite her lack of blatant hatred, she definitely wouldn't have ever grieved if he ended up dead, and she supposed she might've even felt some satisfaction that her head oppressor was gone.
She clicked a device under the barrel of her rifle, and it folded out into a stand that was unnecessarily complex for the task.
Somehow, killing the man was different than simply knowing he was dead, this wasn't like when she had accidentally stabbed Korbak, this was intentional, premeditated. It was, as she'd told Zileca, the highest violation of Chorlak principal she could possibly commit. If the lives of the Chorlak were akin to cogs in a machine, he was the biggest one, by far. 
And she was going to finish the mission anyway, she commanded herself silently. Her lips fidgeted against each other in uncertain anticipation as she lowered to a prone position, keeping weight off her throbbing injured arm. In a way, the pain helped her concentrate, drowning out all but the most essential thoughts.
She was going to complete her assignment because she was not a real Chorlak, as the Oversight board had decided hundreds of years ago when these laws were passed. This was going to earn her a place under a new and improved Chorlak nation. 
Her mouth tightened aggressively as she psyched herself up, pulling the butt of the weapon firmly into her shoulder.
She could see the royal transport cube far below her, and she could even see a hoard of tiny specs that must've been Tizami and his guards getting out of it. 
Her skin prickled with internally generated sweat, and her tongue darted out to wet her dry lips as she leaned her cheekbone on the butt of the rifle. She could see Tizami much better after she found him through her scope. He ascended one step, then another, each taking him closer to the doors that ended her window of opportunity. Eyes still trained firmly on the target, she took a deep breath through her mouth in an effort to soothe her overworking heart. She held her lungs at full capacity for a moment, stabilizing her body. The sights of her rifle rested soundly upon their mark. The man's posture was utterly relaxed as he remained unaware of the fate he was moments from meeting. She allowed air to ease back out of her body as her finger began to slowly pull the trigger.
This was her chance. No longer would she have to live the isolated life of someone whose existence was nothing more than a flaw in the system. She felt a subtle click as the trigger mechanism slid into place; she was only the slightest twitch of her finger away from completing her assignment. Her concentration was unbreakable as she watched the High Overseer come closer and closer to the doors he didn't know held his salvation; he was mere seconds away from them now. 
Muscles deep within her stomach tightened anxiously as she tried to conjure the motivation to move her finger, her brows tightening with every second that she struggled with herself. Her target's hand reached for the door handle as if in slow motion. 
Then a sound, loud like the beat of a thousand drums, bounced against the skyscrapers as though it had come from everywhere at once. She startled into a stick-straight posture, her hands going so limp that she nearly dropped her weapon. She recovered quickly, glancing through her scope just in time to see Tizomi crumple to the ground. 
Somehow, she didn't even notice that her mouth now hung slightly ajar with shock. In her confusion, she almost checked her rifle to see if a bullet had somehow left it without her knowledge. Then, a darkly hooded figure perched atop a nearby building caught her eye as he picked his rifle up from the ledge, presumably loading it into its case. He completed the task in record time, slinging the bag across his shoulders as he turned to leave. Before he did, he turned his head to look directly at her, allowing a full view of his face. Worg shot her a look of such smugness that he must've practiced it, and then he was gone like dust in the wind.
She stared dumbly at the newly vacated spot a bit too long before coming to her senses. Questions flew through her mind, but the urgency of fleeing the scene took precedence. All she knew for sure was that something was amiss, and she needed to get far away from it. Working quickly, she unwound the cable around her waist as if on autopilot. She was distracted momentarily from the fluttering that had taken residence in her chest as she considered whether or not it would be a good call to leave her rifle, but in the end, she decided that collecting it would slow her down too much. 
She crouched to one knee, positioned the metal cylinder at the tip of her cable near the edge of the building, then flicked a small lever on the side of it. Groans and cracks rattled off at once as the cylinder burrowed into the thick material of the roof before clicking solidly into place, the red light near the top of it signaling its readiness. She cast the loose coil over the side and hopped over the rail, firmly securing the cable with the hand of her uninjured arm. At first, she tried rappelling down to the window with one hand, but she was scarcely making progress, and falling seemed very likely, so she grit her teeth and engaged her much more sensitive arm. 
Jagg caught her as she swung herself through the window, pulling her inside with ease and setting her down like she was weightless. She followed him into the elevator without a word. As far as he knew, everything had gone according to plan. She kept him in her peripheral, unsure what he might do if he realized something more was at play here. Maybe he was even a part of it, and for some reason, she was the only one in the dark. She shook her arm out subtly in an attempt to banish the prickles swirling across her shoulder and bicep as Jagg leaned forward to push the button for the second floor where they would join the other two Growloc. 
The contraption seemed to be moving much, much slower than it had on the way up. Her fingers began to drum choppily against her thigh of their own accord. Moments later, her foot started tapping, joining in on her expression of impatience as the number displaying their current floor crept sluggishly towards two. It was difficult to keep herself still.
Her body was too hyped up to even think properly, but somewhere through the racing in her mind, the logical part of her searched for an explanation. Something strange was happening. If Worg was able to perform the assassination, then why was she enlisted at all? 
Muffled sounds began permeating into the small space, and Avaria suddenly reclaimed her capacity to freeze as she strained to hear. The elevator dinged pleasantly before the doors started to part. For a moment, the scene before them stood still, considering the newcomers.
Both Growloc lay in heaps amidst a hoard of Enforcers, each of whom was armed to the teeth.
“Look at the wrist! It's one of the Marred!” One of them yelled, propelling the room into action. 
Avaria threw her body against the side of the elevator just in time as deafening shots pelted them like rain in a constant stream. She jabbed wildly at the control panel with both hands, lighting up more than a dozen buttons before the doors finally closed, temporarily protecting them from the battalion.
“Did you know anything about...” her nearly accusative words to Jagg fell short as she turned to look at him.
He was splayed out on the floor, black liquid spreading across his garments like oil. 
“She betrayed us all.” The words were clearly beyond difficult for him to produce, and his crackling accent was so thick she barely understood him. 
He blinked once, making eye contact with her, and then his eyes went glassy, like water frosting over.
She stood over his corpse a moment as the elevator doors separated to reveal an empty room. Zileca had assured them that the Enforcers would be directed to another nearby building. She said they would have at least fifteen minutes to execute their escape. Yet here they were, all of the Growloc were dead, and she would be too as soon as the Enforcers climbed the stairs to this floor. 
Overcome with some unexpected sense of respect, she stooped down and swiped her fingers over his eyelids to close them before she abandoned his carcass.
The windowed room she was in now wasn't very promising, the only thing in it was rows of the tall column-like machines and one desk nestled in the corner. She rifled through it quickly, growling with agitation as she slammed the final unhelpful drawer shut. 
Her eyes flew over the room desperately, hoping she'd missed something, but there was nothing else except a door labeled 'stairwell.' Enforcers were likely filling it already. Her head tipped slightly in thought as she realized the way the machines in the room were positioned was somewhat familiar. 
Her forehead arranged itself into thoughtful lines as she approached one of them for closer inspection. The seams at the very corner of each machine were thin, but she felt one with her fingers as she ran them around the device's perimeter. The stomps emanating from behind the stairwell door spurred her to action, and she snatched the collapsed dagger from her cloak, pressing the side pieces to prompt its self-assembly the moment it cleared the material. She jabbed it at the seam, perhaps a bit too hastily as she missed it twice, but the third time it slid into the crack. Her features tensed in concentration as she wrenched the dagger's hilt sideways, peeling the paneling back to reveal its innards. 
There were huge glowing cables winding and twisting together neatly along with several small contraptions attached to the inside walls of the machine, but there was a lot of empty space between the various parts. As she'd dared to hope, the inside of the device extended far below the floor, so far that she couldn't see the bottom. 
She risked a glance over her shoulder as the clamor became more distinct. Without any further hesitation, she collapsed her dagger, placed it back inside her wrap, and wedged herself through the opening she'd made. She wrapped her good arm around a nearby cable and quickly found a place for each foot atop some mechanical parts just below her. Her body was too high on adrenaline to pay more than passing attention to the pain in her injured arm as she used it to pull the distorted panel as close to its original place as possible. She pulled her fingers back inside like she'd been burned the instant she heard the door burst open.
Her breath stopped in her throat as stomps sounded all around her. She half expected someone to notice the misshapen panel that concealed her at any moment. 
Warm drips began to trickle down her left arm, momentarily drawing her attention. It seemed that her handkerchief bandage, although made from a highly absorbent material, had finally maxed out its abilities.
“Floor 12 clear,” stated a commanding voice. “You three remain here, we're proceeding to level thirteen.”
“Yes, sir!” 
The whirlwind of stomps moved away, fading as they filed back into the stairwell.
She was so relieved she would have laughed if there weren't still three Enforcers only separated from her by paper-thin metal, but she did allow herself a moment to close her eyes and enjoy the small victory.
Beyond escaping the building, her options seemed hopeless, so she only allowed herself to focus on successfully getting out of the structure. 
She opened her eyes and looked down, breathing out slowly through her parted lips to calm herself as the walls of the machine seemed to reach downward forever. She pried her gaze away from the daunting climb she would have to make and located another meaty cable a foot below the one she was holding. With a deep, self-composing breath, she transferred her grip to it, cradling her injured arm close to her body. 
The cable's glow only provided a little bit of light, but it seemed to illuminate her blood to an almost neon color. It trickled down her arm quite freely now, smearing against everything she couldn't help but touch. She might as well be leaving notes that read, 'Look, I was here!' Unfortunately, there was little she could do about it. As silently and efficiently as she could, she managed to tighten the bandana around her bicep even more, using her teeth to help hold it in place. That seemed to help a bit, but it immediately decreased the feeling in her fingertips. Still, it was better than nothing. She didn't have time to dwell on it or the possibility of losing the blood-drained arm for good.
Her brows furrowed slightly as she selected lower machine parts to move her feet too, and with this system, she gradually lowered herself a few feet at a time. She wasn't precisely sure of what she would do upon reaching the ground floor, but she did know the only thing more conspicuous than the blaring red circles on her wrist was her blood-soaked clothes so running out into the street wasn't an option. 
She very briefly considered reaching out to Zileca for help. Her very Chorlak instincts, which held a lifetime loyalty to her oppressive race, desperately wanted to believe that one of her own kind hadn't betrayed her, and Jagg's last words were wrong. However, another Chorlak characteristic was unyielding logic, and it concluded that either the woman was highly incompetent, or she had intended this to be the outcome all along. Given how carefully mapped each step of the plan had been up to this point, Avaria had to accept the fact that she'd been duped. Her initial feelings towards the Vice Overseer had been correct, and she regretted ignoring her instincts.
Muscles within her stomach suddenly began to flutter, threatening to blossom into a loud growl at any moment. She froze, tensely waiting for the feeling to pass before she continued. Her last meal had been hours ago when the four of them had finished off the food rations stored in their transport.
Her stomach seemed to think much more time had passed as it churned again, this time with a barely audible grumble.
She glanced down, relieved when she saw that the ground was only a few more yards beneath her. Her muscles were beginning to quiver with fatigue, but she was confident that she had the stamina necessary to reach solid ground. She paused as one of the many muffled voices echoing about outside the machine struck her as familiar. Although her expression was neutral, her facial muscles felt tense as she carefully shifted her weight, positioning her head closer to a corner. 
So many indecipherable voices met her ears that she began to think she'd imagined it. She resumed her meticulous descent, only to halt again seconds later.
“Have you searched every floor?” The crisp voice was commanding, sharply distinguishing itself from the others like oil in water.
“Yes, Vice... Er, High Overseer.”
Avaria's eyes narrowed resentfully at the sound of Zileca's voice, but most of her anger was directed inwards, at the small hopeful part of her that'd led her into the woman's scheme. She had wanted so badly to belong in society that she had abandoned her dignity and her better judgment, in that order, and now here she was, even less of a Chorlak citizen than she'd ever been before.
She should have noticed that the world around her was starting to rumble, but in her self-berating, she missed it. It came to her attention very quickly, however, when the protruding parts holding up her right foot jerked away, leaving her foot unbraced. She was free falling, and for all of her flailing, she couldn't grasp anything solid. Her vision turned white as the back of her head connected with something, then it quickly morphed into darkness, and she lost her self-awareness. 


Chapter 9
 

Her eyes didn't open right away when consciousness began to return hours later. The idea to do so hadn't even occurred yet. The contents of her skull felt painfully tight, like her brain was suddenly a couple of sizes too big. She found it almost humorous the sheer amount of times she'd gotten hurt in the past week. With such remarkably bad luck, she supposed she should be glad that she still had all of her extremities. 
When she finally pulled her unwilling eyelids apart, she found herself crumpled at the bottom of the machine. It took her a moment to realize the deafening roar in her ears existed outside of her head, and looking up, she saw that the parts she'd been using as steps were now scurrying back and forth busily along the interior walls of the machine. Whatever it was doing, she was glad it was loud enough to cover the sounds of her fall.
She couldn't hear anything outside over the powerful racket; anyone could be mere inches beyond the metal panels and she wouldn't know. Regardless, sooner or later she had to attempt her escape, so she jammed her dagger into a seam. There was no immediate response to the blade that now protruded from the machine on the other side of the paneling, so she wiggled it back and forth a little, warping the panel enough to form a small crack. 
It was dark, but she didn't see any obvious signs of danger. She took a deep breath, summoned enough nerve to overpower her anxiously thrumming heart, and wrenched the gap wider. Her eyes, still adjusted to the glowing light of the cables, couldn't detect much in the darkness outside. 
However, no one was shooting at her, and that was reassuring enough for her to push herself through the gap. She tumbled out clumsily, realizing too late that she'd yet to regain full motor skills. Despite the lack of grace in the maneuver, she managed not to cause any more harm to herself, which felt like a win. She started to stand, only to promptly slam her head into the low ceiling. 
Ouch. At that moment, as she rubbed the spot with a half annoyed, half pained snarl, it occurred to her that she was in the building's foundation, just like the ones she'd spent the last three days hiding in.
As her eyes became better adjusted, she spotted a grate not far away, the dim light outside trickling between its gaps just enough to cast subtle shadows on the floor. A bit of hope sparked in her chest. It appeared that her way out of the building was right in front of her. It was vanquished as quickly as it came. There was nowhere for her to go, even if she could get out unspotted. She was sure that during the hours of her unconsciousness, a bulletin had been released to every living Chorlak on the planet, ordering them to search for an escaped member of the Marred. The average Chorlak citizen, almost all equipped with extensive combat training, was dangerous in their own right, but the Enforcers who would be looking for her night and day served to diminish her chances even more. She doubted they had any higher priorities than arresting her, after all, Zileca had made them believe she'd assassinated their leader, and she almost had.
She shuddered. Despite how poorly things were turning out for her, now that her limited moral compass wasn't suffocated in her yearning for integration, she was glad that she didn't pull the trigger. Her parents had taught her that other lives were inherently valuable, not just cogs in the machine, and despite how far she'd drifted from the girl she was then, it was comforting to think that they'd be proud of the choice she'd made.
“They'll find her in the next twenty-four hours,” a cocky voice drifted through the grate, “it's not like she'll blend in.”
Avaria tensed for a moment, waiting to see if the passers-by would find her, only to relax when their shadows passed the grate without incident. Her neck straightened with realization as the Enforcer's words brought an idea to her mind. Blending in was precisely what she needed to do, and if she made it back to the Marred facility, she would be able to do just that. She was quite confident no one had seen her face under the hood, only the brand across her wrist. There would be no way for anyone to determine which one of the Marred had been the alleged shooter. 
One problem remained in the wake of her bright idea: getting back to the facility. She wouldn't make it back around the three-quarters of the planet on the route they'd taken to get here. Without a doubt, she would be caught. There was only one way she could get to her destination in one piece. She would have to cut across the Ruins.

It took several hours to get out of the city, even though the edge was only about half a mile from where she'd started. Scurrying from one building's foundation to the next like a rodent made her progress remarkably slow, but she didn't get caught, so it was worth it. About two hours in, she had found a discarded crate of fruit in one of the foundations. She was so hungry that the strange odors it emitted didn't deter her from eating until she was full, or at least until her appetite was reduced enough for the stench to overpower it.
The short stretch of undeveloped land, left as a buffer between the city section of the planet and the Ruins, was so thickly wooded that she was able to slip from the city's edge and into the cream-colored underbrush with little concern of detection.
She ran as soon as she felt her boots sink into the soft dirt and didn't stop until she was nearly a mile beyond the tree line. Her good arm braced her against a dark gray tree trunk as she leaned forward, allowing her food-deprived body a moment's rest. It was satisfying to charge so freely through the woods, but now that she'd stopped, her mind was free to consider what she was doing. It had been so long since anyone ventured into the Ruins that no one knew the exact effects of the toxic gas cloud loitering over it. All anyone knew was that it was genetically engineered to target Chorlak.
She'd steadfastly ignored genuine fear, along with most of her emotions, for nearly ten years. At this point, it was often relatively easy to deceive even herself with a cocky, carefree attitude. 
Contrarily, her heart was currently thudding madly in her chest. The sensation struck her differently than it had when she'd hung hundreds of feet in the air. What she'd felt then was merely a natural reaction, this fear came from somewhere raw, some part of her that loathed the uncertainty of what might become of her when she was at the poison's mercy. 
She slammed the side of her fist against her bullet wound, making herself hiss in pain. It was the only way she could think of to halt her rapidly spiraling thoughts. She needed to focus on the moment she was in, nothing else. 
The bloody bandana was soon discarded with a pained hiss, an action that was no doubt long overdue, and a long thick white leaf was wound in its place. The natural coolness of it alleviated some of the more biting pain from the injury. Although she didn't know it would do that, it was a delightful surprise. She continued her journey at a leisurely pace, dread shortening her steps even as she refused to acknowledge it. 
Unfortunately, feet can't be dragged slowly enough to avoid arriving at a destination, so just as the suns began to set, she found herself at the cloud's edge. It looked oddly tranquil. The plants flourished within it just as vibrantly as they did where she stood, perhaps even more so. What looked like a small ball of white fluff caught her attention as it hurried over and around branches on stocky white paws, barely visible under the long hair that stuck straight out from its body in all directions. Her hesitant mind was eager to procrastinate by studying the creature, so she gave it her complete attention. It was a Wuffle, she realized, although she'd never seen one in person before. He paused to consider the newcomer, turning his tiny round head to face her. His face was furry, but unlike the rest of its body, the hair was short enough that she could see the definition in his features. Its furry half-circle ears flicked and the little white nose at the end of its snout twitched, then he lost interest or forgot, continuing to stroll along like she wasn't there.
A slight chuckle left her lips as the creature stumbled over a root. Its nearly weightless body rolled uncontrollably for several feet before it stood again and took a few steps on its back legs, using a front paw to rub the spot where it had hit its head with a series of unimpressed squeaks.
Its short attention span didn't seem to allow the injury much interest. It quickly dropped back to all fours and scurried onward merrily, immune to and unaware of the poison it lived in. 
The smile drained out of her face when the Wuffle disappeared from sight, forcing her attention back to the severity of what she faced. The gas that hung over the Ruins had always been described as a mist, but up close, it was more like thousands of gray-tinted water droplets floating lazily in midair. She edged the right side of her body closer, keeping her left foot firmly planted in case she needed to snatch herself back from the cloud. Her lips pressed into a firm line as determination tightened her features, and she thrust her right arm outward.
Her expression slowly softened to surprise as she swirled the hand back and forth, staring at it as though she'd expected it to disintegrate. It remained fully intact, and oddly, the drops were soothing to her skin, making her arm feel cool and damp in a very pleasant way. Despite the wetness, when she withdrew her hand, it was perfectly dry.
Could all of the warnings about the Ruins be a lie? She was experiencing such an uncharacteristically high level of distrust for her fellow Chrolak that it seemed rather likely, although she couldn't imagine why they would invent such a story.
She took a deep breath and stepped through quickly, deciding it was best to act before her nerve could crumble away.
Nothing bad happened. In fact, the air here smelled so unusually crisp that it made her think she'd never breathed clean air before. Even her collection of injuries seemed impressed by the new atmosphere. The dull aches emanating from them had become so numerous that her whole body was sore, but all of that now began to fade away as peacefully as the sun was withdrawing its rays from the sky.
It was hard to overcome the sudden slackness that had taken over her body, but a quick shake of her limbs and head helped to revitalize her wits. She straightened her posture, focused her mind, and started picking her way through the forest, progress speedy now that her weariness of the cloud was put to rest.
If she had noticed the skull, yellowed from hundreds of years in the elements, raised just a few inches out of the dirt a few yards from her, she might have held to her skepticism. But, as it was, she frolicked through the woods with a spring in her step, very strangely feeling more carefree than she had in years.
Her lips tugged upwards just a bit, even without anyone around to see it, as she thought that maybe, for the first time this week, something was going to work out well for her.

The first day had gone blissfully well, and much to her astonishment, she awoke the second day with her injuries reduced to light scars. Even the bullet wound through her arm was little more than a slight distortion of her skin color. It was almost unbelievable, like magic, but she was looking at it with her own eyes. The rest of the day had been so pleasant that for the first time since she was a child, she'd whistled happily as she walked, her tongue flicking against her fangs to form several notes at once. 
By the time she found a long-abandoned building to spend the second night in, her steps had started to slow quite like they had when she was approaching the cloud. This time, her hesitation was directed at the idea of emerging on the other side of the cloud.
She curled up in the back corner of the building and drifted off to sleep peacefully. Somewhere deep in her subconscious, she was aware that her stomach was twisting abnormally, but it was so obscured that she didn't truly recognize that the danger was real.

It was like blinders in her mind had slipped away to reveal the truth when she awoke the next morning to her body seizing. It was a remarkably bad way to wake up. Her first realization was that something terrible was happening to her, but the stomach bile coming from her mouth didn't escape her notice for long.
It was over quickly, but it lasted long enough to pull her back from her ignorant reverie. An overwhelming sense of urgency to get free from the cloud dawned on her with the force of metal bricks to the face. Despite its welcoming tranquility, it was hurting her, just as she'd always heard it would.
When she got to her feet, the particles in the cloud seemed thicker than the day before. They were almost suffocating, as though it realized her enlightenment and now sought to smother her before she could outrun its grasp. 
It could have been due to the dim morning light, but beyond the walls of the old structure the droplets seemed several shades darker in color, almost as if it were angry, but of course, that was impossible. Clouds don't get angry. Whatever the case, her field of vision seemed to be shorter than it was yesterday.
Regardless, she made her way forward, grateful the forest had given way to an open field where there were no intertwining roots to trip her.
“Would sure hate to fall,” came her mumbly voice. “No one likes falling. Falling isn't fun.” She had never talked to herself before, and unfortunately, she wasn't cognitive enough to realize that she was now.
Avaria felt like she existed somewhere outside of time as she wandered in the direction she hoped was forward, barely able to corral enough intelligent thought to care which way she was going.
 Eventually, the sky faded to darkness, but she didn't notice it, continuing faithfully in steps that became increasingly unsteady and were often interrupted by the pressing urge to vomit. She lethargically narrated her progress to herself, and although her voice nearly escaped her awareness, it kept her just alert enough not to stop.
Her skin had started to tingle strangely, almost like hot sparks were pattering against the inside of her skin. In her dehydrated, somewhat delirious state, she noticed a pair of brownish-gold eyes reflecting the moonlight a few paces ahead of her. 
“Eyes,” she warned herself. Still, her stumbling steps didn't stop. “Eyes!” she informed herself more forcefully. Finally, she paused, cocking her head inquisitively as she struggled to determine whether or not it was real. 
Somewhat snapped out of her mindless wandering, she was taken by the feeling that something was watching her. It was a very unpleasant sensation. She turned slowly, wondering if her delusional mind was playing tricks on her, and took notice of her surroundings for the first time in a while.
She was in a town, hundreds of years old like everything else in the Ruins. It was so old that the structures were built of stone and mortar without a scrap of black metal in sight, and none were taller than one hundred feet.
Little white circles caught her attention as they scurried about near her feet, causing her brow to crease while her groggy mind tried to sort out what it was seeing. For a moment, the entirely white bodies tricked her into thinking she was starting to see spots. She slowly processed that they were actually Wuffles, but they weren't relaxed like the first one she'd seen. There was an urgency to their disorganized gait, and the worrisome tone of their chirps served to transfer some of their anxiety to her also. 
She started to draw her eyes upward just as one Wuffle ran into another, knocking it down. Her eyes narrowed into a squint as if that might bring her mind some clarity, and she saw more pairs of glimmering orbs, visible for a few moments before disappearing behind a building. She was now confident they were real, and she glanced back to where she'd spotted the first one. The Skarm was close enough now that she could see its pitch-black body rippling with muscles as it edged closer.
“Bad,” she whispered, her tone more coherent than it had been in a while. “Very bad.” 
She scooted away from the threatening party, eyes darting around again. This time she managed to distinguish a few of the Skarm's white and gray packmates approaching, their frames held low to the ground in a stalking position. Her back hit a wall and she felt blindly for a handle, her breath hitching when she felt the cold steel knob. 
The predators were so close now that she could have counted all the points on their sets of antlers if she wanted to. Eager to avoid becoming their midnight snack, her mind sobered enough to snatch the door open and rush inside, exhibiting a level of coordination she'd lacked for several hours. She leaned her full weight against the door the moment both feet were inside, clicking it back into place just as bodies slammed against it in close succession with ear-splitting screeches. She stumbled away from the creaking door quickly, hunching over as ill-timed wretches contorted her body. 
The structure was solid, it would have to be in order to remain standing after this many years of disuse, so she felt safe in believing they couldn't break in. She flopped back into a sprawled sitting position, still panting to regain her breath after she'd cleared the blood and bile that was collected in her throat. 
Her eyes widened as thoughts of concern fluttered across her drunken mind too quickly to process fully. One of her hands quickly came to pinch the bridge of her nose in an attempt to silence the ensuing headache that protested all forms of thinking.
The Skarm were raising a huge ruckus outside by yowling and launching themselves against the building, but they weren't what she was worried about. She was trapped, not only inside the building but also within the poisonous cloud that had welcomed her so openly only to drain the life out of her.
A single thought suddenly fixed itself at the front of her brain, remaining in place long enough for her to comprehend it. If she did not get out of this building and away from the gas, she would die.
 

Chapter 10


She had wandered unsteadily up and down the staircases of the building countless times, each trip seeming to double in length by some dark magic. The building held a few chairs, most of them broken or consumed by a flowery gray plant, but beyond that, she couldn't search each floor hard enough to find anything useful. It was also a possibility that she was simply too disoriented to know what might be helpful. At this point, even hearing her own name would be no more meaningful than words in a foreign language. The only thing in her brain that made sense was her single goal: escape the mist. 
The Skarm were either terribly persistent or hungry, because the feline creatures' nocturnal nature didn't stop them from continuing their harassment after both suns had risen. As she leaned her head out of a broken window a few stories up, one of them leaped upward in a vain attempt to grab her, meeting a mouthful of cold air but coming closer to its goal than Avaria would have expected. Their energy level had not suffered the same toll as hers had.
She half fell, half sat into a cross-legged position, leaning her back against the wall. Although the burning sensation she felt was more under her skin than on it, the cool stone somewhat soothed it.
Soon, she was staring at an even smaller than average Wuffle, oddly transfixed by it in her unfocused haze as it ran dumbly into her knee, never learning from its previous failures. Her brows furrowed a bit as she watched, the still intelligent part of her brain fighting the fog in her head to make its idea known. Her head ached irritably with the effort, but as she concentrated, a full thought formed.
The Skarm didn't want the Wuffles. There had been dozens of them scurrying around the town like they were having a parade, but the predators hadn't even tried to catch one despite the little creatures' fear of them. 
She gently reached for the little animal assaulting her leg with her fingers spread out like a claw. He turned loose a torrent of enraged squeaks when her fingers finally hooked around the warm body at the center of the fluff bundle. He was barely any larger than her palm and so light that she was confused for a moment, wondering if she had actually caught him. He pawed at her finger with what little force his body could produce, confirming that she was, in fact, holding him. She lifted the Wuffle to face height, staring at its light purple eyes, which were only interrupted by tiny black irises in the middle. Her brow loosened as she considered it thoughtfully, turning it to see if they had some secret to the Skarm's disinterest that she could perceive from a different angle. There was nothing, only more long white fur.
“What's so special about you...” she muttered, unsure if her words had been any cohesive language but unexpectedly glad to hear her own voice.
The Wuffle also seemed somewhat appeased by the sound, halting its berating but folding its stubby front legs to maintain its disapproval. She squinted at the creature, noticing for the first time that its fur was oddly tinted gray.
She transferred him to her other hand, the lines across her forehead deepening at the gray powder now coating her fingertips. The tiny teeth gnawing at her thumb didn't catch her attention, which was entirely devoted to finding the source of the powder. Now that she was thinking about it, both the creature and her fingers shared an odd smell. Not necessarily bad, but very strange, an odor so bland that it smelled like nothing. It was almost too unnaturally void of scent to be allowed.
Her eyes fell on the broken remains of a chair, crumpled in a heap at the demand of a thick vine that had knotted around it messily. Its flowers were tiny gray puffs, almost similar in appearance to the Wuffles except a bit smaller and, of course, without a face.
She glanced down in surprise when her Wuffle squawked with agitation anew, and it occurred to her that she had dropped it into her lap while she was distracted. Her disoriented mind pushed a mumbled apology through her lips. Why she felt inclined to excuse her actions to the creature fussing from its perch atop her thigh she would never know, but she forgot about it almost instantly.
Deciding it would be best to act while she was taken with the motivation to do so, she sprung to her feet, no longer possessing the common sense to regret the quick movement when the room started spinning. Her forearm braced against the wall to keep her upright. Then, she took a few mismatched steps before finding enough balance to function. Nothing in the room was in focus other than the strange gray flowers, and when she reached them, she'd almost forgotten why she wanted them in the first place.
The gray dust that puffed from the flowers when she touched the vine jogged her memory, and she poked the gray fluff ball, withdrawing a hand coated with ultra-fine powder. She stared at her fingers a moment, rubbing her thumb against her fingertips experimentally. She was wary of the unnatural smelling substance, but as she grit her teeth against the spike of hot sizzling under her skin, she was reminded of the severe situation she was in.
“Have to risk it,” she slurred.
After squinching her eyes shut and shaking her head a bit to clear it, she rubbed the powder-coated hand over her face, leaving streaks of the substance across her nose and cheeks. Then, with uncertain hands, she proceeded to smear it over her whole body, moving slower than she would have liked due to a lack of spatial awareness.
Regardless, she managed to locate all of her extremities successfully and navigate her powder-coated body to the door, her groggy mind feeling less connected with the rest of her by the minute. She hesitated to open the door, knowing her theory about the Skarm disliking the gray flowers was shaky at best. Nevertheless, she hardened her features in determination and snatched it open. 
The Skarm beyond it were still enraged, screeching so loudly she thought her head was splitting, but they didn't attempt to enter the building. She stepped out slowly, her subconscious somehow maintaining enough wit to square up her shoulders with the most intimidation she could muster. The creatures tumbled over each other violently, snapping in her direction and occasionally at each other whenever their antlers became interlocked, but they came no closer. She took a deep breath that bordered on relief, scrunching her nose when she realized the odor was repulsive to her too. If it meant surviving long enough to leave the toxic cloud behind, she was sure she could bear the smell.

The Skarm surrounded her like a personal escort with every step she took, but perhaps that was for the best. The threat of danger so near helped keep her at some level of alertness. 
As she stood on wobbly legs, recovering from her latest vomit break, she groggily oriented herself to face the setting suns so she could continue west. She had come to understand the Skarms' hatred of the gray flowers, the scent she now emitted was so horribly empty that she felt almost like she was somehow inhaling death. She could hardly think about anything else; the odor was so stiflingly void that she had begun to imagine rubbing it all off and surrendering herself to the Skarm's wrath. 
Some deep-rooted instinct to survive stopped her from doing it, although the logical, very Chorlak part of her brain would argue that there were no practical reasons for her desire to continue living. She'd lost touch with that part of herself hours ago. 
She rubbed her upper arms as she wobbled along, somehow cold despite the fire that seemed to weave between her muscle fibers. The mist had become so dense that she could barely see the glow of the suns guiding her way, and her unwelcome traveling companions had tightened their circle to avoid losing track of her. The droplets seemed to cling to her skin like heavy metal, no longer soothing as they had been at first, and she almost stumbled from the odd weight of them.
The cloud seemed consuming, unending- she fell to one knee, her resolve threatening to retreat into crevices of her mind that she'd long ago lost access to. 
A Skarm snapped so close to her torso she could hear his teeth clicking together and she crawled away clumsily, only to notice a dry sensation spreading across her forearm, which she could no longer see. She wondered if that was what death felt like, and her body would simply dry out until her consciousness had withered away. 
Her head hung in defeat, waiting for the feeling to spread, but it didn't. Another thought struck, sending a drip of hope trickling through her being. She couldn't stand, at that exact moment she forgot that she ever had an ability to do so, but she shoved off with her sprawled feet, inching her body towards her odd-feeling arm. Her face emerged into the dryness, her lips immediately becoming unpleasantly chapped, but her view was clear, free from the suffocating mist. 
Her fingers dug into the tan dirt for support, tangling in the grassy roots, and she growled with motivation anew as she slowly freed herself from the semi-translucent gray mass behind her. In moments, her whole body felt so dried out that her skin seemed almost porous, but she was free. She had survived the Ruins. 
Oddly, her first reaction was a sense of loss, an unexpected urge stirring in the pit of her stomach that pulled her back to the foreboding cloud. She squirmed a bit so she could look back at the poison she'd just left behind, her expression morphing into something wistful. It looked peaceful again now that she was out of it, the mist had separated enough that she could easily see the herd of Skarm leering at her from their position within it. Somewhere lurking in her mind, her logical brain called out that she shouldn't be jealous of the creatures as a few stepped out of the cloud experimentally, only to quickly withdraw again. They liked the mist. Maybe she liked it too.
She shook her head fiercely, trying to clear her mind enough to halt the unreasonable craving, but somehow, she found herself edging back towards it. The closer her disoriented scooting brought her, the farther away her voice of reason became, until it was scarcely more than a distant echo. Her elbow dug into the cool dirt, shoving her closer. She was almost back within the mist- or perhaps she was already inside it and couldn't tell. She collapsed, her arms sliding away at odd angles and her forehead landing with a thump in the grass. Her eyes were open, but she couldn't see. It felt like her mind was running faster than the speed of light, desperately searching for some sort of solution, yet her thoughts were distant, as though she were watching someone else think. Her mind slipped further and further away, and then her awareness was gone entirely.

The first thing she noticed was the mud caked under her fingernails, then the icy drops splattering across her back. Her head wobbled like an infant as she lifted it, but the blurriness of the world around her began to slowly recede. 
Slow raindrops disrupted her vision as they forced her to blink, but she'd seen enough to breathe a sigh of relief. The cloud of gray droplets was beside her, and she was dangerously close to it, but not inside. It still summoned her, the mist appearing eerily tranquil and almost beautiful, but she knew better now, her mind composed enough to see through the strange delusion.
Her head ached, as it seemed to have done regularly for the last week, but this time it was different, like her brain was too heavy to hold in place. The tingling under her skin had subsided, much to her relief, and been replaced with tolerable dryness.
She hauled herself to her feet, stumbling a bit but quickly finding her footing. It took a moment for her to decide whether she should go north or south, but after some deliberation, she decided that since the facility was pretty close to the northern cap of Chorlea, that was likely the direction she needed to go.
The raindrops pelting her skin were cold, making her whole body tense with discomfort, but the tightness in her chest was likely due to dread, not the chill. Her pace was steady, but slow as her mind played memories from the facility on an unwelcome loop. She loathed the idea of returning to the oppressive, mundane life, but her will to survive was just strong enough to compel her into doing it anyway. 
In a way not characteristic of the Chorlak, she had slowly come to prioritize her own survival rather than the success of her race as a whole. Perhaps that had been her attitude for a long time, and she'd only just now noticed it. She supposed the error in her development into a proper Chorlak wasn't unexpected, growing up isolated from society as she had. Instead of the hive-like mentality her kind was expected to have, she'd strove to improve her own life and started herself down this unpleasant path. Strangely, she didn't really regret abandoning the traits that allowed her to still identify with her people like she would have not long ago. The last few days had cultivated a long-ignored resentment towards everything about the Chorlak, and at that moment, she was nearly proud to be separated from them.
The outline of an enormous structure jutted up imposingly from the horizon. The mere sight of it was enough to make her growl quietly to herself, angry that she would have to return to it. Nonetheless, she didn't slow down, instead marching forward with an air of irritation that masked her internal grief.
Her brows furrowed deeper the closer she came, a slightly crooked lip gradually joining in the display, and then she was there, standing in the dark of night over the hole outside the Matron's quarters. She didn't allow herself to stall with any thoughts of trepidation, instead choosing to crawl through quickly and hope that would be the worst part of her return. 
The inside of the Matron's quarters was the same. Everything in the structure was horribly unchanged. When she returned to her room, even it was exactly as stifling as she'd left it. 
She wrung the collections of water from her braids, breathing a sigh of relief as her headache began to subside when the heaviness of wet hair no longer pulled at her scalp. She jumped a little when something moved against her stomach, quickly rummaging around in her torso wrap to find the source. First, she withdrew her hand holding the round Growloc transponder she'd entirely forgotten about, then after setting it on the table, she found a grumpy stowaway. She lightly plopped the drenched Wuffle on the table, realizing it must be the one she'd dropped in her lap earlier. Why it had neglected to make itself known throughout all of the day's commotion, she didn't know, but she was too ill-tempered to care.
 Exhaustion hit her all at once, perhaps brought on by the familiar, although unwelcome, surroundings. She forced herself to go down to the laundry room for new garments, setting fire to her own dirt-ridden, blood-soaked ones. She enjoyed watching the flames flicker up from the barrel, perhaps a bit more than she should have. Long suppressed anger at her unjust situation seemed to be fueling her uncharacteristically dark taste. The flames died down eventually, and some of her aggression ebbed away with them.
It felt better than expected to be clean, but the greatest relief was to be completely rid of the gray powder's lingering scent. She made her way back to her room with a mood that was just a little bit brighter. Tomorrow she would likely be called upon to offer some explanation to her peers, but at least she wouldn't have to explain her battle-worn clothes. She supposed her new collection of scars would be hard to explain, but then again, everyone was likely sporting similar disfigurement after the fight. Perhaps they would think hers shared the same source.
The rough material of her blanket stirred irritation in the pit of her stomach, she had never before loathed the sensation so much, but she was too tired to give it much thought. She fell into a deep sleep before she could even pull it all the way up to her neck.

Her eyes snapped open, a slight snarl forming on her face immediately at the dirty ceiling. There was a deeply rooted hatred in her soul for that ceiling. The sight of it had always been the start of a bad day.
She swung her feet around, then unbraided her hair in order to redo it more neatly. Catching a glimpse of her upper left arm out of her peripheral, she halted her task in surprise. Although she didn't remember unfastening the long leaf she'd tied, it was gone, and her skin was bare. There were no remnants of the bullet that had entered her body. She ran her thumb over the spot firmly, feeling only the slightest distortion in her skin texture. As she turned to glance at her reflection in the mirror, she realized the gash across her head where Tarr had struck her was also mysteriously absent. The mist had healed her, even as it conspired to destroy her. She twitched her brows purposefully, displacing the perplexed look from her face and refocusing on her braids.
They took their final form across her scalp quickly, and she moved on with her morning. Pushups. Sit-ups. Squats. Run. Watch tower. She wasn't sure why she fell so easily back into the old routine, but her body felt healthy enough to do it, almost fully recovered from the effects of the cloud. Her resentment towards the facility seeped out of her being as she watched the sunsrise, the familiar activities serving to settle her back into the dullness of the Marred way of life. She could almost physically feel the spike of liveliness fading away into the drabness she had felt here for so many years. After the short burst of activity she'd just lived through, it was somewhat disappointing to sense her feelings subsiding, even though she knew Chorlak weren't supposed to give in to much emotion at all. 

When she made her entrance into the food room, all movement halted so every eye could fix upon her. She smirked and lilted her brows almost playfully, her laid back attitude rising in hopes of managing what she expected to be an uncomfortable turn of events. Their dumbfounded heads turned to track her movements as she visited the food machine, then took a place as though nothing were out of the ordinary.
Tarr sat down across from her, his overfilled bowl hitting the table with a clunk. He asked no questions, so she provided no answers, only a friendly nod and a half-smile. 
Perhaps out of practice, she allowed the slop to linger too long on her tongue and barely caught herself before making a face. The few Marred who were still alive started to move again after her first bite, giving up their expectations of witnessing something interesting, and gossip began to swirl through the air. 
“Trying out a new look?” She asked casually, gesturing to the food dropped on Tarr's torso wrap with the pinky of her eating stick hand. 
The tone of her teasing was decidedly less enthusiastic than usual, but it would have to do. She sighed, relaxing her good posture to lean back as she considered what she should say to the Marred, who had subconsciously selected seats near her.
Tarr swiped at the wayward food dollop with his thumb but didn't spare it more than a glance. The fact that his distraction outweighed his preference for neatness spoke volumes about the effect of her return. 
She stood abruptly, holding herself more confidently than she felt and sporting a slight disarming grin.
“The trial was a hoax,” she stated honestly, bringing silence to the hall, “perhaps more for sport than anything else.” 
That part was a poor interpretation of the truth, but it would do her no good to tell them the whole story.
“Society fed me a fancy dinner, but then, they decided I wasn't fit,” she shrugged, “they sent me back.” 
She sat again, murmurs forming around her. The story would likely become much more detailed as the Marred talked about it, so she didn't see a need to spin a more elaborate tale. She hoped they would be so angry they'd been reduced to battling each other like uncivilized savages for nothing that they would withhold what little information they had if ever the authorities came here in search of the shooter.
Tarr stared at her critically, his food forgotten and a splatter still discoloring his wrap. She felt an unexpected pang of hurt as she remembered how he had fought her days before. She quashed it as quickly as she came, shoveling more food goop into her mouth as a distraction. Sentiment was discouraged for any Chorlak, as it was unproductive, but here it was further forbidden by some unspoken code that condemned it as a sign of weakness. 

Something odd had happened later that day: a voice came through the Growloc transponder. Although she didn't understand the language, the words sounded urgent and perhaps angry, although the Growloc tongue always seemed harsh to her ears. 
They attempted to contact someone through the transponder several more times over the next couple days, startling the Wuffle who now resided atop her table so much he almost fell off each time.
She wasn't sure what to do about the device, so she ignored the increasingly aggressive words coming through it. The messages stopped on the fourth day of her return, and she almost missed the slight disturbance to her boring life. 
No Enforcers had come looking for her, and she had almost accepted that her life would be returning to normal, although now she often wondered what Zileca was doing with her ill-acquired new position.
At the time, it wasn't at all unreasonable for her to think things would go back to the way they were. There was nothing to forewarn her about how many different ways her life was going to combust once again. 


Chapter 11


The coming wrath began to take shape the very next morning. Avaria was in the middle of her morning run when she rounded a corner to see a group of Enforcers coming towards her. Her hands were cuffed behind her back without any explanation, but she could guess what crime she stood accused of. Somehow, they had identified her. 
She held her head high as they marched her through the facility, refusing to reveal the sliver of stifled panic tightening her chest. Her eyes were drawn to the food room as they passed it, inexplicably desiring to see her fellow Marred a final time- but it was empty.
Her brow furrowed slightly in surprise, and she craned her neck oddly to maintain her view of the empty room as long as possible, but she could see no clues through the open doorway.
They turned another corner and she gasped, so surprised by what she saw that the Enforcers holding her upper arms shoved her to make her move again. 
Two other arrested Marred were being herded towards the gate, just as she was. She and the two escorts at her sides fell in line behind the other two groups, and soon, they were all exiting the facility. A large silver transport cube awaited them, its tinted windows the only indication that it was a government vehicle. 
One of the Enforcers pushed a button on a device clipped to his torso wrap, disabling the magnet that held the black cuffs on her wrists together. With that, they shoved her inside the cube, the excessive force causing her to stumble a few steps. Before she regained her balance, she almost fell over the outstretched leg of someone sitting on the floor but caught herself just in time. The cube was already packed with members of the Marred, at least thirty by her approximation, and more were deposited every few minutes. 
When the driver started the cube, there were around fifty bodies crammed together inside, much closer to one another than any Chorlak ever preferred to be. Looking around, she realized this was likely all of the Marred population that remained after the trial.
No one spoke during the trip, only gazing around in confusion, perhaps hoping someone enlightened would speak up with an explanation. Tarr kept shooting uncertain glances at her that bordered on harsh as if he were trying to determine whether or not she was somehow involved.
She wasn't entirely sure if she was or not, despite the efforts of her overworking mind, she could produce no reasons for the Oversight to arrest all of the Marred. Were they being taken somewhere to be questioned about the shooting? She thought that was unlikely, it was a waste of resources to transport so many people only to ask them questions that could easily be asked within the facility, but it was her only guess.
They traveled many hours, finally arriving at their destination as the suns began to set. She could see the building through the window, similar in appearance to the Council Tower but much older, constructed with black metal bricks instead of the enormous sheets used in modern constructions. She struggled to maintain her position at the window due to all of the other Marred pushing one another for a better view, but before she lost her vantage point, she spotted a plaque by the door.
'Planetary Courthouse of Chorlak.'
The Marred, all of them, were being placed on trial.

They were escorted into the building as quickly as possible, although it took a while to transport everyone to the top floor using the small elevator for the accused. At last, they were all in a cell-like room with one wall composed entirely of glass. Beyond it, they had a clear view of a black-themed conference room, sparsely decorated with chrome accents. 
The lush seats were empty, but they certainly wouldn't be for long. Avaria still didn't understand how this could be happening. She had never heard of anything like it before. There were only two crimes a Chorlak could commit that would lead them to the courthouse instead of the madhouse. The first was a violation of the algorithm's mandates. The second was treason. Avaria could understand herself being tried for treason, but how could the entire Marred population be accused of it? 
Despite the absurdity of the idea, all signs indicated that this was precisely what was occurring. It was standard practice for the Chorlak to bring the accused party to this room, where they were permitted to watch the Oversight determine their fate, although they were forbidden from offering any input. Judging by the size of the viewing cell, no one had ever planned on dealing with an accusation of treason involving this many people. 

Upon arriving, the Marred had managed to organize themselves enough that everyone could sit on the floor, which tapered downward so that all of them could see. That was hours ago. There wasn't much to look at in the empty conference room, and the gradual increase of elbow jabs to her ribs coming from her tightly compacted peers indicated that they were becoming antsy. 
She was too, and although she didn't display it by squirming, her fingers had begun to thump against her thighs impatiently. She slowly sucked in a breath through her teeth, struggling to keep herself composed. 
A door in the conference room finally swung open, and in strode Worg. The sight of his smug face sent a flash of anger through her body like hot lightning, and her eyes narrowed darkly. He didn't even glance at them as he took a seat at the representative's desk, which was tucked away at the back of the room.
The Oversight board members filed in all at once, each with their noses held high in self-righteousness. Only Zileca's expression seemed more grounded, her lips tilting up with a hint of a friendly smile.
Avaria felt her own lips purse in irritation, although somehow, her resentment towards the woman who used her was easier to control than her feelings towards Worg. The pleasant expression fixed on Zileca's face made the situation seem somewhat more civil and business-like. She supposed that was why the new High Overseer always plastered the disarming expression on her features. It made others more cooperative. The thought made Avaria angrier, as it gave her more insight into the woman's manipulative nature.
She took her place at the head of the table as if it were made for her, folding her hands together cordially as fellow board members took their seats. Her eyes met Avaria's, and while her face never faltered, she tilted her head in a gesture that could be interpreted as flippantly apologetic. 
“This morning, we unanimously elected to destroy the Growloc,” Zileca summarized, sending a wave of stunned gasps across the Marred. 
Avaria clanked her slack jaw shut as more of the pieces fell together in her mind. By staging this attack, Zileca had not only promoted herself to High Overseer, but she had also renewed the Chorlak's motivation to rid the quadrant of their only formidable opponents.
“Using the homeworld coordinates we acquired from transponders used by the dead Growloc, we will be able to wipe their kind from the Galaxy once and for all.” She paused, her expression beaming with pride as murmurs of agreement sounded from her loyal board members.
Avaria and Worg were the only ones in the room who knew how Zileca had really acquired their location. They'd told her, just as she told them where Chorlea was. Thinking back to the times the Growloc had failed to reach the three they'd sent to Chorlea, she wondered if they knew they'd been betrayed yet.
“Since we last convened, I have sent word to the commanders of our army. We will be prepared to mobilize our warcraft and obliterate the planet of Gorva by dusk tomorrow.”
“Well done, High Overseer,” an old Chorlak to her left praised with nods of approval from his peers.
She tipped her head graciously.
“Now we have to deal with a matter much nearer to us. That is, of course, the co-conspirators of the Growloc.” 
Some of the board members glanced at the Marred judgmentally. Avaria heard quiet rustling around her as they shifted uncomfortably under his icy gaze, but it was distant, barely audible as it reverberated through her distracted brain. The Marred had been accused of treason. Not just her, but all of them, collectively. If they were convicted, everyone would be executed for her lapse in judgment.
“There are more than fifty Marred in that room,” an Oversight woman stated somewhat incredulously, bringing Avaria from her guilt-ridden thoughts.
“If they were all involved, why didn't we catch more of them at the scene?” The woman continued, shocking Avaria that anyone might take their side.
As the discussion continued, she realized with a sinking heart that this woman held the only strand of reasonable doubt in the room. While most of the board members were silent, perhaps engaged in their own personal deliberations, the ones willing to speak were filled with words of wrath.
“The Marred have leached off of society for generations!” A man stood up with an aggressive fist-pound, “All guilty or not, they contribute nothing to us, and it is time to finish this waste of resources once and for all!” 
His words were horribly well met, with even the quiet ones whistling through their teeth hesitantly in agreement.
Avaria's jaw clenched so tightly she could almost feel the points of her fangs against her lower gums. She sensed deep down that when the votes were cast, no one would feel any motivation to stand with the rejected element of the Chorlak race. 
Still, part of her clung to hope. How could a day begin so mundane and ordinary but end with an execution order against the Marred?
“I think we are prepared for a decision.” Zileca stood authoritatively, plunging the room into immediate silence. 
Even the Marred had stilled in their restlessness, too tense to fidget. 
Worg pushed some buttons behind his desk, and a small army of black, paper-thin screens rushed from their places under the conference table. In mere seconds, one floated in front of each member, waiting to assist them in condemning the Marred. 
Few contemplated their decisions for very long before pushing an icon on the screen to indicate their position. Avaria rubbed her thumbs over her tightened fists, trying to withdraw herself from the trance-like state the suspense had left her in. She wished that the screen could be viewed by people other than their respective users, at least then she would have some clue as to the board members' leanings.
Those that had cast their votes glanced around the room, waiting for the others to finish. Soon all of their eyes were up, so Zileca nodded to Worg.
Avaria's breath caught in her throat as Worg swiveled his chair to engage another button. 
In an instant, a horrid red glow filled the room, originating from the screens which had all changed color.
Before the Marred could even begin to panic, Zileca's voice sounded through the air, the note of finality in it unmistakable.
“The Marred will be returned to the facility, and it will be sealed. At dawn, it will be filled with a lethal dose of chygrotoxin.” 
The observation room exploded, the horrified Marred suddenly so savage that they began fighting each other in their attempts to escape the room.
Avaria sat unmoved as she was jostled and trampled by the others, feeling more disappointment than fear. How could she have gone so far to survive, only to die like this? She barely registered the Enforcers combating the mob around her and was only slightly aware when one pulled her to her feet to be escorted out of the building. Her eyes stared ahead as they walked, but they were unseeing, and the corridors they were herded through passed in a blur. 
She became fairly aware of herself again when the elevator dinged at the bottom of its descent. Still, her feelings could only be described as blank, like someone had simply forgotten to decide which emotion was appropriate. The Marred around her were docile now, dragging themselves slowly but obediently through the door and back into the transport. Like her, they had accepted their fate. 
The cube lifted gracefully from its parked position, the atmosphere feeling entirely too calm for what was taking place. 
Many of her peers stared lifelessly at the ground, but Avaria chose to stand at a window and appreciate her last view of the city and the stars above it. She wished she could see the sunsrise again, somehow feeling more alone without the link to her parents. Tarr stood beside her, gazing out at the scenery, and she studied him through the corner of her eye for a moment. 
“You did this to us, didn't you?”
She couldn't answer, all she could do was avert her eyes. Zileca did this to them, it was all her fault, and Avaria wanted words to say so. But none came. Because the woman couldn't have pulled this off without her help. If she hadn't gone, the Marred would have never been part of this equation. In hindsight, she saw that this was the only reason Zileca enlisted her help. She needed a way to blame the Marred and Avaria provided it.
Maybe she was responsible for their condemnation. It was a mighty burden to bear. Her eyes wandered upward until they could catch upon Tarr's face. He wasn't looking at her, but his face was pulled into a grimace, the sort of stress that only comes before certain doom. 
She wondered what lives they might've lived if this day weren't their last.
Whatever they were missing, it probably wasn't much.

Hours later, a herd of distraught Marred watched helplessly as Enforcers marched up and down the halls of the facility, spraying a thick foam into every crack and crevice. They even found the hole under the bed in the Matron's quarters. Once the task was completed, the Marred were instructed to return to their quarters and await their fate. 
There was no real reason for them to comply with this request, but they did anyway, so conditioned to coveting the Oversight's approval that even as they were being executed, they didn't rebel. 
Avaria's eyes met Tarr's as they both stood outside of their respective doors, which were in the same hallway. He looked sad, resigned, and most prevalently, resentful. 
She wondered if he was nervous. For so long, she thought him incapable of hiding his feelings, but he sure was now. They were to be poisoned in mere hours, how could anyone be free of dread? Inexplicably, she wished there was a way to stop him from blaming her, to make him understand the decisions she'd made so that at least in death, she wouldn't be entirely alone.
However, there was nothing she could say, no explanation she could find words to express. Her eyeline slipped down to her muddy boots as she opened the door, leaning back against it once she was inside. She idly wondered how many hours were left until dawn as she watched the Wuffle, who had somehow survived without supervision for nearly twenty-four hours, run circles across the table.
She approached him sluggishly, her typical confident stride thoroughly deflated. Tarr was justified in his accusative glare. She had wandered straight into a trap, blinded by her eagerness to leave the Marred behind her. The more she thought about, the more responsible she felt. Her mind started to veer towards memories of her parents, the only time in her life she remembered being at peace, but she didn't want to let her thoughts go there. Thinking of what she had lost could only serve to depress her more now.
It was somewhat relaxing to watch the Wuffle scramble aimlessly, his only source of grief the cliff-like boundaries of his small flat world, which he protested with irritable squeaks each time he discovered them. 
Her head snapped around as her old decrepit doorknob started to grind, the first sign that it was about to be opened. For just a second, a spark of hope ignited in her chest that perhaps Tarr had come to hear her side of the story.
It morphed to shock once her visitor's remarkably unwelcome face appeared, then progressed quickly into anger. She swiftly expressed her wrath by shoving the woman backward against the wall and holding her dagger against the intruder's neck with movements so sharp and well-practiced that she couldn't respond in time. She didn't even really try to.
Zileca was irritatingly unalarmed, raising her hands innocently with a somewhat placating smile. She seemed convinced that her attacker wouldn't kill her, something Avaria herself was seriously debating at the moment.
“Well aren't we a daredevil,” she hissed at the High Overseer, trying to disguise her rapidly increasing emotional instability with a forced half-smile.
“Let's take a moment to handle this like adults, shall we?” Zileca's tone was pacifying, as though reasoning with an unruly child.
Although Avaria held her smile in place, her lips and eyelids tensed in aggravation, which was perhaps increased by her close proximity to the woman. Chorlak, by nature, didn't prefer other faces to be near their own. Choosing to press into the discomfort, she leaned closer to the other woman's face, her eyes blaring with as much animosity as she could conjure. The woman straightened her neck a little in readiness, but her expression reflected no uncertainty.
It occurred to Avaria that perhaps the invasive gesture had only served to make herself uncomfortable, but it was too late to back down now. The two women faced off in heated silence, their dark expressions disrupted by forced half-smiles, Zileca's one of manipulation and Avaria's an attempt to assert her self-control. The tension stretched thinner and thinner, Avaria's grip on the woman tightened- and then the atmosphere relaxed as Avaria pushed herself away from her with a frustrated growl, twirling the hilt of the dagger in her hand as she silently berated herself for the inaction. 
Zileca rubbed her unharmed neck and breathed a quiet sigh of suppressed relief.
“Wasn't that fun.” Avaria stated blandly, her sarcasm accentuated by her tight-lipped smirk.
The High Overseer straightened herself, becoming fully composed in an instant, and clasped her hands behind her back.
“You think I am some scheming, selfish traitor,” Zileca summarized accurately, “but what I have done will aid our kind for generations. I have removed the two primary obstacles of the Chorlak ruling this quadrant unquestioned,” she stepped forward, her facade slipping away to reveal features sharp with seriousness, “I did the right thing,” her words were slow and punctuated. “I have bettered our race. Isn't that a Chorlak citizen's only objective, after all?”
Avaria was silent for a moment, gazing back at the woman who once again was too close for comfort. She felt her consuming aggression begin to ebb away, but it was more due to exhaustion and defeat than understanding.
“You've come for my approval?” She paused for a rushed chuckle of disbelief, “To what, soothe your conscience?”
“I have no conscience,” Zileca stated blandly as if that were obvious, “Every Chorlak citizen knows only to serve the effectiveness of our own people, we do not concern ourselves with moral deliberation. Of course, you wouldn't understand that.” 
Avaria's brow line twitched together in irritation at the implied insult behind the words. Even as she involuntarily sacrificed her life for the betterment of her race, she was reminded that she wasn't truly considered a Chorlak.
“What I do have, is foresight,” Zileca's placid smile edged back across her lips, her public persona pushing to the front once again as she became less passionate about the topic of her words. “I perceive that you are, or perhaps will be, a valuable asset to our people.”
Avaria broke eye contact, which was more of a relief than she expected, as she tried to find the meaning behind the woman's words. Her eyes snapped back to the intruder harshly when she felt fingers close around her wrist with the familiarity of a friend, but despite her initial reaction, a sense of curiosity lent her enough restraint to allow the High Overseer to lift her hand, palm up. She placed a small shiny silver circle in her hand, oddly heavy for its size. 
“It is pre-programmed not to allow any Chorlak whose DNA doesn't match yours.” She stated by way of explanation as she released her grip.
Avaria brought the coin-like object closer to her face but found it no more impressive up close than it had been before.
“What is it?” She finally asked, accepting her ignorance.
“In terms you would understand, it opens a window you can pass through. Press it firmly against the wall until it beeps,” Zileca straightened her posture as their conversation came to a close, “it will remain open for 8 seconds, no more no less.”
Avaria pursed her lips as she closed her fingers around the object, disturbed by the implications of what she'd just learned. Zileca was offering her an escape from the facility, again, and she would have to leave behind the other Marred, who no doubt possessed DNA different from hers, again.
“A trading vessel is leaving tomorrow morning to do business on Rechoka. Get to the hanger, and onto that ship. Rechoka is a densely populated trading planet, I'm sure you will find a way to survive there.”
Zileca nodded curtly, satisfied with the conclusion of their exchange, and turned to let herself out. Avaria watched her go, so frustrated with her situation that she was taken by the urge to attack her once more, but she remained undecided until it was too late. She looked down at the unassuming contraption, assessing it silently as her door clicked into place behind Zileca. 
The Marred would be executed in a few hours, and there was nothing to be done about that now. It wouldn't do any good for anyone if Avaria died here with them. The same steadfast survival instinct that had shoved her through many impossible circumstances roared to life, fueled by the unexpected possibility to outlive her death sentence. Her eyes fixated on the back wall of the cell she'd lived in for the last ten years, her resolve solidifying with the knowledge that a chance to live was just beyond a couple feet of concrete.
She had no personal belongings to collect, her dagger was already in her torso wrap, but on a whim, she did decide to grab the Wuffle. He had become accustomed enough to her that he didn't fuss upon being lifted, and he crawled right into her wrap like that had been a regular occurrence in his life since birth. She wasn't entirely sure he could pass through the window, but it was reasonable to think he could because he wasn't a Chorlak. 
Guilt lurked around the corners of her mind, waiting for an opening to consume her thoughts, but she drove it away, even as images of her fellow Marred's faces flashed across her mind. She had unintentionally condemned them to the demise they were facing, and now she was going to flee from it. She didn't know how long the guilty weight in her stomach would last, but she had survived too much and fought for too long to stand still and die when she had a chance not to.
The device clinked metallically as she pressed it against the wall, only sitting still for a moment before a series of echoing dings pulsated from it. She withdrew her hand just as a square of the wall melted away before her eyes, revealing a patch of the outside world. 
The sky was just barely tinged with the beginning shades of dawn. The execution would occur soon.
She held herself tall as she stepped through, her lips and brows tightened against the harshness of the massacre she was leaving behind. The wall swished back into place like a whirlpool coming to a close. 


Chapter 12
 

Her journey to the city's edge was tinged with hesitation and regret, but she tamped such sentiments down with all her might. There was nothing she could do for the others now. Still, her mind swirled with probing, unwelcome questions that made her feet heavier with each step. What kind of person was she to abandon the others to their harrowing fate? Did she even feel enough remorse, or was she too callous? Was her behavior just the logic-driven actions of a well-conditioned Chorlak, or had she become selfish in the midst of her determination to survive? She didn't really know why she clung to life so feverishly. In her heart, she wanted to hope that something was out there in the galaxy worth living for, but everything she'd encountered suggested the opposite.
With all of her training, she should have noticed the orchestra of quiet hums sounding overhead. If she hadn't been so busy soul-searching, they would have never escaped her notice. She should have looked up, but she didn't. 
She reached the impossibly black pavement at the edge of the city without incident, but the moment she set foot on it, the entire world seemed to explode with activity all at once. The timing was so precise that for an instant, she thought she'd caused it. Her logical brain quickly supplied that a single footstep couldn't prompt a building to burst into flames, but even as the ashes started to prickle at her skin, she could find no other culprit.
Then she heard them- piercing, rapid-fire whooshing sounds behind her accompanied by the spatter of dirt as it spewed up in protest of the electrically charged bullets that pelted the ground. She dove aside headfirst just in time to miss the barrage, then quickly craned her neck around to catch a glimpse of the attackers. She could only stare upwards in shock at the orange streaked, sharply angled war jet that flew overhead. The Growloc were attacking them.
She held a hand over her head protectively, despite knowing that it couldn't protect her from the bullets, and sprinted into the maze of buildings before the pilot could circle his vessel around for another try. People had emerged from everywhere, charging purposefully through the streets to man their battle posts.
No one noticed the three rings hanging from her ear; every wayward eye was drawn to the sky. Fiery-themed ships buzzed back and forth busily, wreaking havoc on all life below. Some of their efforts shifted to defending themselves from the black Chorlak jets rapidly collecting in the sky, but their attack upon the city appeared no less potent. Missiles, their translucent exteriors displaying the orange flames contained within, plunged into building after building. Soon, the top of every structure in sight was consumed with roaring tongues of fire. 
Avaria felt her throat seizing but barely heard herself coughing as she stood dumbfounded in the middle of the street, watching the Chorlak scramble around her. For the first time in their lives, they were experiencing firsthand the devastation that their race so forcefully imposed upon weaker planets. 
She wasn't entirely sure how to feel as she made brief eye contact with a random woman's panicked face, which mirrored every other expression on the street. Somewhere deep inside herself, Avaria felt the clench of grief at the sight of her homeworld crumbling while other Chorlak desperately struggled to save it.
Her eyes shot abruptly upwards when a shadowy outline formed in the billow of smoke that obscured the fighters battling above them. A black ship took shape as it plunged towards the ground, leaving its own personal smoke stream in its wake. The horrid sound that exploded into the air when it sliced into a nearby building made her ears ring. She didn't move, only stared neutrally at the massive crater in the building's side where a gray cloud now rose to mingle with the smoke overhead. 
On the surface, she felt somewhat detached from the devastation she was seeing. It shouldn't have been so impersonal to watch her homeworld falling. Despite the way society had shunned the Marred, she had always thought of herself as loyal to her race. Unwavering devotion was a fundamental, perhaps even genetic, part of being a Chorlak. Even her parents, who had no longer believed in the callous structure of their society, were still faithfully devoted to their race. She had never heard them even once consider leaving Chorlea behind. The minds of every Chorlak, even the outcasts, were formed to the mentality that the Chorlak were the supreme race, worthy of their unyielding commitment. 
Yet here she stood, watching them be reduced to ash, and she somehow hardly felt the loss. It gave her no satisfaction to see that the people who had condemned her since birth were now facing a torment of their own, but she wasn't bothered by it either.
Someone collided with her very hard as he rushed to his battle station, and it was then she realized that the Growloc vessels were beginning to land around her. She took a few hasty steps backward then turned to run, only dashing a few paces before she found herself mere feet from another ship. Its occupants had already emerged; two stood with massive artillery at the ready while four others were clumped together over some glowing red device that they were assembling in the street. 
She did not escape the notice of the enormous creatures, but the four quickly returned to their task, and the two combatants only stared at her, uninterested in targeting her but prepared for her to attack. She backed away slowly and ducked down an alleyway, unsure of where she was going but moving so fast that she could hear the wind whistling in her ears.
The alley gave way to a large common area where Chorlak Warriors appeared to have maintained some level of control. Two red and orange vessels sat unused in the clearing, their crews scattered lifelessly around them along with a few light blue bodies that looked dinky in comparison. A third ship landed on the other side of the clearing, and warriors rushed into formation around it, ready to destroy whatever came out. 
She glanced back at one of the nearby parked vessels, her aimless thoughts suddenly clicking into place. Even after the battle was over, Chorlea was a dangerous place for her to be. She couldn't live among her kind anymore, so she had to get off-world. That much she knew for sure. After a quick scan of the area around her to make sure no one was paying attention, she strode towards her possible escape, occasionally glancing at the fight between the Chorlak Warriors and the third ship's crew with little interest. She hesitated a moment at the entrance, fundamentally distrusting of all things Growloc, but she climbed into the vessel anyway and soon found herself in an efficient, yet relatively spacious interior, each side lined with Growloc-sized seats and a huge oxygen mask hanging in front of each one. The excessive use of red inside the jet made her feel irritated for some reason, but she supposed looking at such an angry color before battle wasn't a bad strategy. 
A thunderous boom outside halted her skeptical analysis of the space and sent her quickly into the pilot's seat. A loud growl rose from her throat when she realized that, of course, every letter on the collection of screens and displays in front of her was written in the Growloc tongue. She grabbed a horizontal staff levitating right in front of her with both hands, assuming, or perhaps hoping, that it was a steering apparatus and would somehow bring the ship back to life. It didn't budge from its mid-air position, but the writing on the holographic screen in front of her reorganized itself into new words.
It was a single sentence, typed in several different languages: 'New operator detected, select preferred language.' 
Her relief was so strong she almost chuckled. Finally, something might be almost going right for her. It seemed odd that a Growloc vessel would have any other languages programmed into it, but she certainly wasn't complaining. Perhaps it had originally been some kind of mercenary ship that they'd hijacked and repainted to match the Growloc style. 
Whatever brought this rare stroke of good fortune before her, she didn't waste much time analyzing it. She selected the standard humanoid tongue, and all of the displays quickly translated. It was then that she encountered her next problem: she wasn't a pilot. She had read manuals with regards to operating a Chorlak war jet, but this looked very little like anything she'd read about. 
Debris from an explosion suddenly scattered across the windshield, spurring her to action. A promising red button glowed from its place on the panel floating just below the staff, and she slammed her hand over it urgently. The entrance closed with a thump. Then, nothing happened.
She braced one hand against the staff, preparing to push every button she could reach with the other hand, but the staff leaned where she pressed on it and so did the entire ship. She released her grip, lurching as the ship righted itself, and the staff resumed its former position. Her eyes brightened with the glee of success as she scrambled to her feet. 
Both of her hands wrapped around it once again, careful not to tilt it, and she tugged straight up. The vessel surged directly upwards, moving hundreds of feet before jerking to a violent halt when she released the staff in surprise. She couldn't see through the windows, she was now in the middle of the smoke cloud, but a glowing bluish light shot across her vision, no doubt belonging to another ship. 
A light on one of the displays started to flash, and as her eyes were drawn to it, she realized the blinking dot on the radar was the other ship, reorienting itself to attack her. She snatched the staff upwards once again, and the chase was on.
She climbed higher and higher, the wind almost deafening against the exterior of her vessel and the momentum holding her so still in the chair she could barely breathe. Her radar continued to blink violently, unwelcomely confirming the dedication of her attacker. The red dot came steadily nearer to hers, and the bright blue light emitted by bullets that had missed their mark seemed closer and closer to her windshield. Then, the flashes halted.
The blinky light quickly exited her radar as she continued upwards without it. She barely had a moment to question why she'd lost her pursuer when orange exploded over her windshield with a hideous eruption of crackling sounds. Every inch of her skin suddenly felt like it was on fire. Her eyes clamped shut, they were too dry to stay open, and then suddenly it was over.
She slowly relaxed her arms from where she'd wrapped them around her head. The world beyond the glass was a vast sea of pitch blackness, interrupted only by a dusting of brilliant white dots. 
Even the Wuffle, who emerged from her torso wrap with cries of discontent more passionate than ever before, fell silent as he too was dumbfounded by the beautiful tranquility of the sight.
The ship floated freely, momentum twirling it lazily until she faced Chorlea. It looked so innocent from this perspective. Wherever there was nature, mostly in the Ruined quarter of the planet, there were splotches of white and light tan, but the rest of it was covered in city that looked almost solid black from space.
Her brows pinched together as she noticed hundreds, perhaps thousands, of red dots scattered in an almost grid-like pattern across the planet's surface. She had never before seen Chorlea from outer space, but she was sure that this was unusual. 
Then a recent memory claimed the front of her mind. She recalled seeing those four Growloc setting up some kind of glowing red device. It was incredible to think that such small devices could possibly produce a light bright enough to be seen in space, but the sheer amount that they had managed to install was even more remarkable.
A massive intergalactic Growloc vessel inched into her view, nearly a quarter the size of the small planet they'd assaulted. Her brows crinkled as she took notice of something: large windowed Growloc ships were returning to it with hundreds of fighter jets like hers visible inside them. Were they retreating? When she'd left, it hadn't exactly looked like the Chorlak were presenting a particularly effective defense of their homeworld.
Nonetheless, the tension she didn't realize her muscles held relaxed. The Chorlak had deemed her inadequate and unacceptable, but Chorlea was still her home. Perhaps she did feel some sentiment towards it after all.
Angry red lines suddenly connected the dots across the planet. They were faint at first, but their brightness rapidly increased to the point Avaria could barely see through her squinched eyelids- and then they were gone.
At first, she didn't realize what had happened. The thrusters of the Growlocs' vessel became bright as it withdrew, quickly leaving the field of vision her windshield allowed her. 
Then it happened. A huge square chunk of Chorlea, her home planet, slid casually from its place. Another soon joined it, then a third one knocked against the first, shattering both. Avaria gasped, a hand flying across her mouth to catch the sob that formed there. Her eyes welled. The sensation felt foreign. The planet became more and more disjointed right in front of her, each piece breaking away like a crumbling pastry. 
She was frozen. She couldn't look away, and she couldn't fully react. It didn't seem real. Something so terrible couldn't possibly unfold so slowly, so gently, but somehow it was.
Suddenly she couldn't exactly tell where her planet had been anymore. There was only a massive and expanding cloud of planet chunks. 
She broke. It was a sudden feeling in her chest, like everything she had ever crammed into a box suddenly exploded. Her neck wracked as a sob escaped through the shock-loosened fingers still covering her mouth. Her top digit became wet. She pulled it away to look at the dampness there. No tears had fallen from her eyes in so long that she could barely believe that they had started to now. Then she couldn't stop crying; she could scarcely breathe on account of the horrible grasp her grief held around her lungs. Her environment was too blurry to even decide which way was up.
Faces flashed through her mind: Tarr, the little girl in the alleyway, even Zileca and Worg- they were dead. Zileca concocted herself a very neat plan to place herself in power and destroy both the Marred and the Growloc in one fell swoop. She thought she could get away with promising the Growloc alliance only to double-cross them, but she was wrong. The entire planet was destroyed as a result of her recklessness.
Another thought seized her, somehow the most harrowing of them all. Her body froze from the overwhelming sense of loneliness it brought. She was the only Chorlak alive.
Whenever she died, her race would be extinct.

Her vessel had floated aimlessly for hours. It could have been days, but that was unlikely; she hadn't yet died of dehydration. Her Wuffle wasn't doing well; he was also dehydrated. The white puff lay on her thigh, nearly motionless.
She hoped he didn't die. He was the only shred of familiarity left in the universe. A display was blinking red, begging for her attention, but she hadn't looked at it yet. She felt like her tears had slowly drained all meaning from her soul, and now she was empty like the abyss she stared at blankly through her windshield. 
Her attention was finally drawn from the darkness by quiet wheezing. The Wuffle's face was wrinkled as it contorted in desperation, every tuft of fluff that covered his body quivering as he shivered. She watched a moment, helpless to do anything for him. Then she realized her own breathing was shallow and ragged. For an instant, she was offended at her powers of observation that they had gone so long without noticing.
At last, she responded to the demanding display, squinting a bit to call her blurry eyes into focus. 
'Primary Oxygen tank severely damaged. Oxygen levels dangerously low. Cease improper inter-planetary use of jet and return to stable atmosphere immediately.'
She stood slowly, shifting the Wuffle into her seat as she vacated it. Now that she was on her feet, she wasn't entirely sure what to do. There was, of course, no stable atmosphere that she could return to. The only thing she was sure of was that she wanted to survive. Her instincts demanded it. A slight tink sounded as she tapped the display, hoping it might provide some alternate solutions or a route to the nearest planet. 
The screen changed: 'Oxygen expected to fully deplete in twenty-one minutes.'
She growled through tightened lips at the useless information. Her tapping ventured to the other displays, jabbing at buttons and flipping through screens until finally, she found something useful: 
'Recommended action: reroute oxygen from primary tank to secondary tank.'
She sighed in relief, even as a throb of irritation crooked her lip slightly. It seemed that something that important would be automatic. Regardless, she pushed the button, affirming the action. A series of error messages flooded the screen, and she flopped her head forward. She chuckled dryly. Everything about her life should have warned her not to trust anything that seemed so easy.
Abandoning her negotiations with the gadgets, she wandered into the back portion of the ship. She had no real ideas of what to do, but she pulled out her dagger and began using it to pry the interior paneling loose. The web of cords and wires behind them were meaningless to her until she noticed a large canister near the back.
The inscription was printed in a language that she couldn't read, but it wasn't attached to anything, so she assumed this was the backup tank. Just to the left of it was a small robotic arm with the end of a flexible tube fixed to it. This, she guessed, was the rerouting tube. The problem that had plagued the computer with a series of complaints was obvious. The hose was busted in the middle.
Her mechanical know-how was limited, but the looming threat of suffocation was highly motivating. She worked quickly, detaching the tubes for the oxygen masks from the ceiling and clicking them together while the computer, which had begun to speak aloud, irritated her with frequent reminders that her time was running out.
She had resorted to muttering aloud in an attempt to keep her increasingly lethargic mind focused as dark spots bloomed and contracted across her vision. A growl pushed from her lips when she accidentally dropped the busted hose on her foot after she disconnected it. The effort of producing the sound left her breathless. Then she stared at the fallen tube in utter confusion, all cohesive thought fleeing from her mind in the moment of distraction. 
'Sixty, seconds, until oxygen becomes critically low.' 
Her head shook back and forth instinctively as she scrunched her eyes shut, hoping the action might realign her scattered thoughts. When her eyelids parted, her sight was blurry, but she saw her makeshift replacement tube.
'Forty-five, seconds.' 
She hoisted the coiled tube over her shoulder, stumbling a bit under its weight even though it wasn't heavy.
'Thirty, seconds.'
Her fingers closed around the latching mechanism at the end, missing the attachment port on the tank with her first try, and the second, but the third hit its mark, a fizzling sound reaching her ears as the device fused itself in place.
'Twenty, seconds.'
She fumbled for the other end, everything appearing wobbly and doubled across her eyes, but alas, her fingers met hard metal.
'Fifteen, seconds.'
Her knees bent without warning, barely leaving time for her to catch herself before falling.
'Ten.'
Her eyes were so out of focus she couldn't tell where the other port was, but her empty hand rubbed across every surface she could reach in search of it, her arm shaking violently enough to make her teeth chatter.
'Five...' 
Her fingers fell into a gap, and she ran them along a circular rim quickly to confirm the hole was what she hoped.
'Four...'
She jammed the end of the tube at the hole, dumbly trying to connect it with her other hand still in the way.
'Three...'
The obstructing hand moved aside.
'Two...'
Fizzling filled the air, and she collapsed into a heap where she stood. Her body was perfectly stiff, waiting for the final installation of the computer's countdown, but it didn't come. She took deep breaths, her head slowly feeling more and more attached to her body.
Her patch job slowly distinguished itself in her vision as it shook with the force of air being sucked through it. Everything was peaceful. The Wuffle tumbled off the seat, rejuvenated with the return of breathable air. 
Avaria stood carefully, aware that a quick movement would likely dizzy her to the point of falling again, then took a deep, cleansing breath. She stooped to pick up her fluffy companion as she passed him, dropping him lightly on the control panel as she sat in the pilot's seat.
All alarms seemed to have relented. Then a faint whistle caught her attention, making her twist around in search of the source. Suddenly there was a second whistle, a bit higher-pitched than the first, and then moments later, it sounded like a small orchestra. 
All at once, the fastened together oxygen mask tubes burst, sending sections of itself hurtling about the cabin. Sirens rang out with renewed vigor, everything on the dash buzzing and blinking at once.
'Warning: Oxygen levels dangerously high.'
She leaped up, instantly seeing stars but still managing to move towards the back of the ship, although what she could do about the problem was a mystery. 
'Warning: Cabin hyper pressurizing.'
She stumbled forward as the ground began to rumble under her feet, lurching in several directions before her foot caught something that sent her soaring.
In the moments before she connected with the floor, she heard a strange grating noise that almost sounded like it was beyond the walls of her ship. Then her head met with something hard, and darkness closed around her like a steel trap.  


Chapter 13


Consciousness seeped through her body slowly like a trickling faucet. Then, something occurred to her sluggish brain. A material, rough like a towel, was swiping across her forehead. She reached for the offending object with her closest hand, snapping her eyelids apart as her fingers closed tightly around something warm and fleshy. She couldn't fully focus on the purple face above her, but she assumed it was the owner of the wrist that was now trying to yank free from her grasp.
She blinked purposefully. The creature cleared in her vision, the nostrils at the end of its nearly flat nose flexing in concentration as it tried to escape. Long hairs came out from a single stripe down the middle of his scalp, each strand almost the thickness of her pinky. They seemed to be pulled into a tie at the back of his head.
A pang of guilt wormed through her stomach when she decided the face was structured with the softness of youth. The boy couldn't be a day older than ten. Still, she didn't release her hold, which was pretty easy to keep despite the kid's best efforts. Instead, she opted to maintain the advantage while she twisted her neck around to assess the surroundings better.
Although she'd intended to look around the room, her eyes halted on the barrel of the pistol hovering a few inches from her face. It was a difficult thing to miss. She didn't visibly react to the offending object, but her heart's pace quickened as it realized she was in danger. Her focus shifted quickly to sizing up whoever stood on the other side of the weapon.
It was pretty young, brownish-pink, had short dark hair, was male- it was a human. She'd never before seen one, but still, she was sure that he was one of them. 
“Cap'n,” he called, speaking the human tongue more fluidly than she'd ever heard, “The little angel is awake.”
Her lip drew upwards into an almost imperceptible smirk. She had rarely heard such sarcasm come from any mouth but her own. Her fingers loosened their hold on the purple boy, and he scrambled quickly out of her reach, clenching a green-stained rag tightly. 
She lurched forward, intending to sit up on her cot, but the spots that quickly swam across her eyes foiled her plans, so she settled for propping herself up on one elbow. Beyond the pistol-bearing man was a dimly lit hanger, not nearly as large as the ones she'd seen in the Growloc ships, but big enough that even with her fighter jet inside, there was a comfortable amount of room left over. Tools and devices of varying qualities were scattered and piled about sporadically with no perceivable system governing their placement.
She slowly reached up to pat her fingertips along her forehead, quickly finding the source of the blood that stained the boy's rag. When she drew them away, there was a light smudge of bright green across them, but it wasn't much. The injury didn't seem severe. She rubbed her fingertips against her thumb and palm, spreading the small amount of blood to near nonexistence.
A door on the back wall hissed and sputtered metallically as it slid open in quick, jerky movements. An intriguingly brutish creature lumbered through it, muscles rippling under his dark blue flesh, with a gait unlike any she'd seen before. He was likely about as short as her, but that was only because his posture hunched forward to lean on the knuckles of his long bulky arms.
He redistributed his weight onto three limbs as he walked, freeing up one hand to rub over the short flexible spikes that at first appeared to be hair over his head. His hand continued down the back of his neck, rubbing it as though he were tired, then continued its path to wipe grease off its chest, which surprisingly was not covered by a shirt.
He stopped beside his human shipmate, rising sharply to full height. The creature dwarfed the human beside him, and from Avaria's horizontal vantage point, the beast seemed even taller than a Growloc.
He grunted, jaw working as he chewed something that must've been especially tuff and ran his violently orange eyes over her assessingly. 
Avaria, somewhat unsettled by the scrutiny, braced herself on both hands, preparing for her second attempt to stand. She barely contained a startled yelp when the thing snatched up the cot with her on it as though both she and the bed were as light as a serving tray and indelicately dumped her onto her feet, where she barely found footing in time to remain upright.
“Well that was helpful,” she mused aloud, speaking the human language with the best articulation she could manage. 
Disappointingly, the creature she assumed was 'Cap'n,' withheld any meaningful explanation, offering only a series of incohesive grumblings as he tossed the cot aside, sending a metallic clamor echoing throughout the space. 
The purple boy startled at the noise, then fixed his eyes downward, evidently embarrassed by his reaction, but the human to Cap'n's left didn't flinch, standing cockily with one hand still holding his pistol level with her head. 
“C'mon,” Cap'n growled, the sound so hoarse she could barely decipher it. 
She flicked her eyes up and down the armed man with what she hoped was a flippant expression as she passed him, meeting a flirty grin for her efforts. 
The whole situation struck her as quite ambiguous. The gun pointed at her indicated this might not be a great thing for her, but on the other hand, she would likely be dead without their intervention. She decided to reserve judgment until she knew more. There was no overwhelming sense of alarm fluttering in her chest, only hyper-alertness. That seemed like a good sign; whenever she had a bad feeling about something, she was usually right.
Cap'n led her back through the door he'd come from. Like the hanger, the hallway was somewhat grungy, making it feel smaller than it actually was, and it seemed to be lit only by the orangey glow of lights that hung disorderly from the ceiling.
One door was slightly ajar, and she slowed to see what was inside. Three identical green creatures sat around a table, each sporting two sets of antennas sprouting up from their heads. The man with the gun poked it against her back a couple of times, the light pressure making the gesture somehow more playful than aggressive. She continued at the prodding, but not without a quiet whistle of insult. 
The maze of hallways made her strangely homesick. Not for the Marred facility itself- her lips pursed hatefully as the thought sounded across her mind- but it reminded her of the planet she had existed on for her entire life. She brushed the feelings away, resisting the urge to crumble into grief once again over the race that hadn't admitted her anyway.
“This would be a great time for someone to say something,” she stated casually, pulling herself away from her thoughts.
“What's your name, sweetheart?” 
She tipped her head slightly at the endearment- at least she thought it was, the Chorlak language didn't use such words- but formed a response anyway, her usually swift comeback stalled as she struggled to think in the unfamiliar language.
“Avaria,” she stated in what she guessed might be the human pronunciation of her name, “those close to me may call me Avi,” she paused to shoot a considering smirk over her shoulder, “you can call me Avaria.”
The opportunity to suggest her confidence with a laid-back attitude made her more comfortable, despite the pistol still trained on her lower back. If they wanted her dead, she reasoned, they would have left her in the jet.
The human chuckled at her subtle insult, and to her surprise, Cap'n made a noise that was in danger of sounding humorous as well. 
“Cute,” the human paused, likely ducking under a low pipe that she had been short enough to go under, “I'm Axel, that's Cap'n Botch.” 
As he spoke, the creature in question jammed a button beside a door, and it ground open with similar difficulty to the one on the hanger. Nonetheless, it opened, and Botch disappeared inside. 
“And grape juice over here,” Axel continued his introduction, prompting Avaria to twist her head around to see, “is Jolo.”
She wasn't familiar with the term 'grape' but felt another flutter of guilt for scaring the young purple creature, who froze in his already meek posture the second she looked at him.
“Let's go,” Axel tapped her back with the side of his weapon's barrel, clearly failing to realize how easily Avaria could wrench it from his lazy grip.
She didn't, not yet possessing enough information to know if such a move would be unwise or premature, and instead decided to see whatever lay beyond the door.
The room was cluttered. There were stacks of books and mangled papers scattered across the floor and over the desk. Despite the chaos, the colors of the surfaces were still crisp, contrasting the fading and yellowing that seemed to be present in the rest of the ship.
“Don't care as to where ye've come from, not got any habits a' nosin' into folk's bi'ness,” came Cap'n's grumbly voice as he looked her up and down assessingly, “but I've done did ye' a fav'r 'n now yer to do me one.” 
Something about that choice of wording made her uncomfortable, although the relaxed expression on her face didn't show it.
“And yer proper lucky we done pick'd up yer ship's tracker 'fore the Growloc did,” he added as he began rummaging through the array of materials on his desk, effortlessly lifting stacks of thick books with one hand to look under them, then placing them down somewhere else.
It hadn't even occurred to her that the ship might have a tracker in it, but it made complete sense now that he said it. 
“You have disabled the tracker, right?”
Botch glared at her as if she'd insulted his mother, dropping a pile of books with more aggression than necessary. She shrugged, not terribly bothered that he took offense, but relieved that the tracker was no longer operable. That would be bad. Cap'n Botch moved on quickly, resuming his search with a bit more haste than before.
Avaria wondered how likely it was that he would ever locate a specific item in the room. She crossed her arms, her fingers just beginning to fidget when Cap'n Botch slurred out an “Uh-huh,” as though the rolled-up paper now clenched in his hand was precisely where he had expected it to be.
With his free hand, he moved some stacks of books to the floor until there was room to spread the sheet over his desk.
“This,” he pulled a dagger from the waistline of his pants, “is a map o' Gorva's royal city.” He jammed the dagger through a corner of the page, keeping it from coiling up again. 
He fixed a firm gaze on her, seemingly expecting some sort of response. Although she didn't show it, she was shocked that he could have such a schematic. After all, few creatures even knew the location of the Growloc home planet, much less the layout of the royal city. 
“Okay,” she stated blandly as the silence continued, “I believe you.” There was a teasing edge to her tone, knowing that wasn't anything like the response he was probing for.
He grunted, clearly unimpressed, but turned his attention back to the sheet. 
“Ther' is what they call a data orb 'ere.” A massive finger plunked down onto the map near the largest structure. “We're bein' paid to go fetch it.”
A crinkle formed between her brows as she processed his thickly accented words, then a short, incredulous chuckle pushed from her throat.
“You,” she paused, so stunned that her entire human vocabulary briefly vanished, “you want to rob the Growloc?”
Her voice was lighthearted, amazed to the point of humor that he would ever attempt such a thing. This man-beast was crazy. 
“This here's the score of a lifetime, gal!”
He jabbed a meaty finger at her shoulder to accentuate his words, the rude gesture so forceful it made her upper body twist.
“We're bein' offered a fortune ta' do this, more money 'en most folk ever gonna see.”
“Alright!” She shifted away from him, trying to diffuse his aggression with her relaxed stance. “I'm so very happy for you,” she mused, only a hint of sarcasm in her voice, “what does that have to do with me?”
“Ya' done showed up en one o' their war cruisers.” 
“I did,” she admitted, her voice soft as her mind began trying to analyze the situation. 
“We did have a plan to get onto Gorva the hard way, but once we picked up the tracker on your lone Growloc ship...” Axel paused his interjection to wave the gun in careless consideration, “well, we thought having that'd give us something of an edge.”
“Ye can 'magine tha' su'prise when we pul't ye little slight of a gal outta ther' 'n no Growloc.” Botch leaned towards her as if that statement should make all the pieces come together for her. She glanced at Axel, hoping he might provide more a more cohesive explanation.
“That was really the icing on top,” he mused, grinning as if he'd said something remarkably charming.
She cocked her head at him assessingly, expression unchanged. His words hadn't helped her at all, and she had no idea what icing had to do with their current conversation. Perhaps she was confused about what the human word meant. 
“Knowl' idge!” Botch stated in exasperation when she showed no signs of understanding, “Ye've gots ta' know a thing er two 'bout them brutes, eh?”
Aha, her head tilted up in enlightenment, features slack. They assumed that she possessed some insider knowledge about the Growloc. Although it was likely that they had overestimated her insight, she had grown up studying the creatures, and she likely knew more about them than Botch did. Being involved in a scheme to infiltrate the homeworld of the same race that had just obliterated her people was probably an unadvisable choice... but she supposed that telling the beast in front of her that she was of no use to him was also a dangerous decision. She knew enough about the brutes in question to make herself valuable. 
“What specifically do you want me to do?” She questioned, suddenly speaking much more seriously. 
The whole idea wasn't quite so funny now that she was getting pulled into it.
“Fix the Growloc cruiser,” he flopped a hand in the general direction of the hanger, “and show us how't get on 'n off Gorva 'n not get catched.”
“Mhmm.” Avaria nodded thoughtfully, as though that were actually doable. In reality, she was quite confident that she couldn't deliver what was asked. 
However, this was likely the only thing that made keeping her alive worthwhile to Botch, so she would convince him that he needed her. She was determined to survive. 
“After this is over, we're done. You set me up with an interplanetary cruiser,” she crossed her arms with a sense of finality, “you never see me again.” 
The friendly tone of her demands must've had the intended effect because Botch nodded slowly. He extended his massive hand at her, his lower lip flexed resolutely. It took her a moment to remember that it was customary in many cultures to shake hands over an agreement, but she shook the hand firmly in plenty of time to avoid awkwardness, a smile lightening her face. 
“How'd ye' do in combat?” 
Avaria glanced at Axel, who still had his gun drawn and seemed to await a cue from his leader to lower it. He was only a few feet away, and she was confident she could successfully execute the maneuver she had in mind.
Her eyes met his, and he straightened slightly, somehow sensing that something was about to happen. She moved with such speed and precision that the motion was almost instantaneous. Her fingers closed around the barrel while her other hand twisted his wrist at an awkward angle. Suddenly, she was the one holding the weapon, and she trained it firmly on his surprised face. 
Both creatures were still, waiting to see what she would do. She glanced back and forth at them with a plucky half-smile, for some reason taken with the urge to let the tension build for a moment.
“I do alright.” She said finally, lowering the pistol to her side. 
Axel chuckled uncomfortably as the room relaxed.
“Where do you keep food in this place?” She asked, returning her attention to Botch. 
His jaw still worked at whatever was in his mouth, but his lip held the slightest tilt upward, either impressed or amused by her antics. She was satisfied either way.
“Jolo!” He called, much louder than necessary. 
She had forgotten about the boy. His presence in the corner of the room was so still that he blended into the scenery entirely. The creature, who was even shorter than her, took a few tentative steps forward.
“Show 'er 'round.”
The purple boy nodded quickly, his ponytail swishing as he hurried out the door.
Her eyes swept over Axel once again as she passed him, her expression playful but demeaning. She grabbed his nearest wrist and jammed the pistol firmly into his palm.
“Probably should keep up with that.” 
“Yeah, that's a thought.”
She quirked a brow in amusement, still unused to witty responses after spending a lifetime with the stiff-necked Chorlak. When she exited into the hall, Jolo was waiting for her by the door, his fingers fidgeting at one another anxiously. 
“You can call me Avi.” 
The boy smiled, only daring to meet her eyes for a second before they inspected his shoelaces once again. The acknowledgment, although brief, made her feel a bit lighter on the inside. She hadn't fully realized how much the boy's fear of her had bothered her.
“I saved your little fluffy thing.” He withdrew the Wuffle, who she had completely forgotten about, from his pocket.
“I've been calling him Pixel because he's so tiny.” He admitted quietly, surrendering the sleeping fluff ball into her hand. 
Her lips formed a warm smile, although seeing the reminder of her home planet sparked sadness in her heart. Jolo turned quickly and began trotting down the hall. She took a deep, soothing breath, clearing away the tightness that had started to collect in her chest, then settled the Wuffle into a fold of her wrap. Pixel was a good name, and after all they'd been through together, she decided it was time the little creature had one.
She abandoned such thoughts in favor of focusing on the moment at hand. Being brought onto this ship was a chance for her to carve out some sort of life for herself beyond the structured world of the Chorlaks, and however unfortunate the circumstances, she intended to make the most of it.

Consciousness pulled her from sleep rather abruptly, as it usually did. She chose to lay motionless on her bunk for a moment, listening to the wheezy breaths of the lanky green creature she had the misfortune of sharing a room with. He slept so obnoxiously that the first night she'd been here, she almost didn't sleep at all. The creatures were called Chibbis, she'd learned, which roughly translated to 'Filler.' 
They were the result of an unnatural genetic fusing between several unrelated species for one purpose: to increase a planet's population count. Apparently, in certain quadrants, this had positive political implications. The three that lived aboard the ship were exactly identical, as Chibbis generally were. They had precisely the same height, build, and disappointingly, the same undesirable personality. She would hate to meet the scientist that had developed such unpleasant individuals and thought they were a success. Fortunately, the creatures weren't intelligent enough to channel their ill-nature into anything very dangerous.
She maneuvered herself slowly over the edge of the top bunk where she slept, crouching as she hit the floor with a slight thump. Her roommate remained asleep, the bumpy skin across his face twitching oddly. 
Her steps across the room were soft, careful not to wake the creature. It was simply too early in the morning to interact with the sexist primitive. Once in the hall, she quickly powered through one hundred pushups, sit-ups, and squats, before beginning her run through the ship's various hallways. She had only been on board for three days, but reimplementing her old routine provided her with a somewhat comforting sense of familiarity. And it kept her in shape.
 She slowed to a halt as she passed a window so she could stare at the constellations through it. It was hard to maintain an understanding of time in the dayless vacuum of space, but by her best guess, today was her eighteenth birthday. 
That meant that it had been exactly ten years since she had seen her parents. Allowing herself to think about them, to remember how much she missed then, prompted a sense of yearning deep in her chest. She was so tired of solitude. It was draining.
A tear seeped from her eye, and she swiped it away harshly, her face hardening as though insulted it had appeared. Even still, her upper lip shivered a bit, and she quickly shot her tongue over it to control the display. The last thing she needed was for one of the ruffians to see her cry.
She turned from the window sharply, as if all her grief was beyond it, and by looking away, she wouldn't have to experience it anymore. With her jaw set, she continued to the kitchen at a brisk jog. One hand traced the wall in search of an elusive light switch, flipping the clunky device on with a resounding thump when she located it. Two yellow light bulbs eased to life, bringing the room into a dingy sort of brightness.
The room was relatively small, with a few splinter-addled wooden chairs scattered near a couple of wobbly tables in no particular order. She shook her hand to rid it of the yellowed wallpaper flakes that she accidentally rubbed off the wall before proceeding to the food closet at the back of the room.
The others griped about the dried meat and canned vegetables, but after years of blender-slop, the foods were practically a delicacy to her. 
“Why would you ever get up this early,” Axel mumbled groggily from somewhere behind her.
She pursed her lips as she opened a can of purplish-green beans and emptied its contents onto her plate without turning. Her unusually early breakfast wasn't an accident. She preferred to minimize her interactions with the mercenaries, finding their incessant scrapping with one another distasteful. She'd been around less than a week, and so far, she'd had the opportunity to witness two fistfights and several loud arguments. All of them were between Axel and the Chibbis. Granted, she could see the appeal in punching the green clones in the face. 
As best as she could tell, there was a sort of hierarchy: Botch was the Captain, Axel was his right-hand man, and the Chibbis fell into place under him. Jolo was clearly at the bottom of the pack; the Chibbis seemed to take great pleasure in bossing him around. 
She supposed that, in a rather animalish way, Axel's altercations with the Chibbis was just to remind them where they stood in the pecking order. Avaria existed outside of this system, a mere spectator to their chaotic dynamic. The part of her mind that was trained to think in a way characteristic of the Chorlak recognized that their primal way of asserting dominance made the group less cohesive and less effective. She had no desire to get sucked into that.
Despite her efforts to resist falling into a rank within their chain of command, she sensed that the Chibbis were sizing her up, eager for someone else to torment. Testing her reactions to insults and mocking was likely just the first phase of their analysis. For now, her dismissive attitude kept them at bay, giving them little provocation, but she felt that they would become trouble. It was only a matter of time before something more drastic was required to manage them. 
Finally, she turned around, her dried meat and beans bearing plate in hand- then stopped short. Axel certainly didn't look like he had intended to be upright this time of day. He stood in the middle of the room in something of a daze, with hair wild enough to rival the disordered fluffiness of Wuffle fur. His tank top and cargo pants were rumpled like he'd slept in them before promptly getting up to fight an angry mob, and oddly, he was barefooted. 
It took her a moment to recall the excessive amount of time he had spent consuming alcohol the night before. Why some creatures insisted on guzzling the substance, knowing they would later be sick, was a mystery. It seemed highly impractical to her, and it certainly didn't improve any of their personalities. When her Chibbi roommate had returned to their quarters, he was spewing insults that were so slurred she couldn't even understand them, but it was clear he was looking for a fight. That was the closest she'd come to finally slugging him, but she didn't have to because he collapsed on his bunk and passed out. 
A sigh escaped her lips as she debated silently for a moment, then strode over to Axel purposefully and pushed him lightly into a chair. His face looked startled like he'd forgotten she was there, but he didn't resist, and she plopped her plate down on the table nearest to him before returning to the kitchen to prepare another one.
She reasoned that her inclination to help was purely in the name of strengthening the unit, but somewhere deep down, her loneliness begged her to have some meaningful interaction with another intelligent creature.
A few moments later, she sat across from him with a new plate and a posture decidedly more put-together than his. He was a wreck. They ate in comfortable silence for a while, the only sounds coming from their spoons as they clinked against the plate.
“Got word from Harth yesterday,” the man began to speak around a mouthful of food, making her quickly avert her eyes in disgust. “It's a little planet of humans a few quadrants away,” he gestured vaguely with his spoon, “it's where I come from.” 
He swallowed loudly as he straightened himself, suddenly a bit more awake. “My old man, he's been sick a while. Anyway, found out he's just cashed in on me.”
Avaria rubbed her tongue against her fangs as she thought, taking a moment to decipher the meaning of his slang. Unraveling the mysteries of his metaphors was a bit like code-breaking to her.
She nodded slowly, hoping her expression conveyed some level of sympathy. It was an emotion she was particularly unused to displaying, and she wasn't entirely sure if she was doing it correctly. But she saw no reason not to try. This wasn't Chorlea. She could express whatever sentiment she wanted to.
“That hurts,” she mused, finally deciding on a response.
She propped her head up in her hand as she pushed her beans back and forth on her plate. It was quiet for a few seconds.
“Spill your sob story, love.” He held eye contact as he slowly brought his spoon to his mouth, currently lacking the coordination necessary to perform the task any faster. “That's kinda how swapping secrets works, you see.”
“My kind were blown up,” she stated blandly, forcing a slight smile that made her seem less affected. 
She hadn't exactly meant to tell him, but in the moment of vulnerability between them, it had simply leaped from her throat, something inside her jumping at the opportunity to release some of her pain from its bottle.
“Now,” she leaned back as she shrugged, trying to appear more lighthearted than she felt, “one-hundred percent of the Chorlak population is wherever I happen to be standing.”
“Cheers to tough breaks.” He held up his spoonful of beans.
Although she wasn't entirely sure what this gesture meant, she sensed that she should mimic him. After she did, he clinked his spoon against hers then stuck it in his mouth.
“Cheers,” she agreed, although it sounded a bit like a question. Judging by his slight nod and easy grin, it was the appropriate response. 
A collection of high pitched, screechy voices filtered in from the hallway, making her groan aloud. Axel chuckled at the dramatic display, but she could tell by his expression that he wasn't excited to be joined by the creatures either.
“It's the giggle squad,” he whispered, leaning closer so his words met no ears but hers.
That made her smirk. Their voices did sound a bit like giggles, and the thought somehow made the sound a bit more bearable.
Three tall green men entered in single file, their antennas bending slightly as they scraped across the doorframe. She remembered that their names were Rech, Larsk, and Tivlon, although knowing their names was quite pointless. It was impossible to ever determine which name belonged to who, she didn't even know which one was her roommate. They might have been rotating every night for all she knew.
They took one look at her through narrowed eyes, and then their cackling at one another in the native Chibbi tongue immediately increased its vigor, no doubt exchanging low opinions of her with their words. She quickly disposed of her plate and headed toward the hangar where she and Botch had been working on the Growloc jet.
Despite the Chibbis dampening her mood, she felt a bit lighter after her conversation with Axel. Maybe, on the off chance they survived their suicidal mission, she would stick around. 


Chapter 14


That evening, she sat in a hallway with Pixel as her ears were assaulted with the sounds of the Chibbis squabbling amongst each other inside the lounge. The entrance was far enough away from her perch that she couldn't see the creatures, but she was confident that they were drinking, as that seemed to be their primary hobby and sole source of joy. Not that it made them happier.
She would feel inclined to relocate somewhere far away from the loud clamor if not for the window that provided the best view of the small solar system they were passing. It wasn't like watching the sunsrise on Chorlea, but still, she enjoyed it. It was a free, organic sort of appreciation that wasn't just pleasant because of happy memories but also because it was pretty and interesting.
“Alright,” she said seriously, holding up a toothpick.
Pixel watched her intently with his tiny eyes widened, interest only piqued because of the dried fruit she held in the other hand. 
“Chiv!” She ordered in the whistly Chorlak tongue as she tossed the toothpick a few feet away.
He didn't even blink, continuing to gawk at the fruit in her other hand. An exasperated sigh escaped her lips. She couldn't think of any time she would need the Wuffle to retrieve something for her, but if she was going to keep up with the little creature, he might as well be good for something. He could at least pretend he wanted to be helpful.
She leaned forward to extend her reach enough to grab the toothpick, letting the fruit drop as she leaned back. Perhaps she was expecting too much of the tiny-brained creature. Her fingers began to twiddle the toothpick mindlessly as she listened to the Chibbis, who were now speaking in the human tongue. That was polite of them, as it made eavesdropping much more rewarding.
Their unpleasant voices crackled so unsteadily that with all of them talking at once, she could only catch a few words of what they were saying, even in the familiar language. Her fidgeting hand froze as she recognized a word: Faw. That, she remembered, was the name of the species Jolo belonged to. 
The Chibbis suddenly started cackling humorously. Someone must have discovered the concept of jokes. The eerie sound reverberated through the metal hallway in a manner that made her want to cringe. 
Some sense of curiosity sprung up inside of her, so she scooted down the hallway to hear better. 
“... weak like a woman.”
“Ha! Haha! Yes, foolishness!”
The comments made a smirk form over her lips. The creatures were full-grown adults, but to her amusement, they insulted and complained with all the wit of a stubborn child. She shifted to be more comfortable, her fingers twiddling the toothpick once again as she settled in to eavesdrop more comfortably. After all, there wasn't much entertainment on board. 
“I just want it back!” Called a small voice.
Her toothpick stilled again, her expression darkening as she realized the source of their amusement.
“Children like you can never become men,” one growled, his menacing voice a couple of octaves lower than usual.
Avaria clenched her jaw tightly, her lips and brows tense with contained anger. The boy wasn't a Chorlak, she reminded herself, and protecting him wasn't her responsibility. 
“Go back to Fawsni, pathetic Faw!” 
“The Faw are weak!”
“Weak-minded Faw!” They began chanting the phrase over and over.
Avaria's mother had taught her something different about who was and wasn't a Chorlak's responsibility, that life was valuable simply because it was life, not solely because the individual served a purpose.
Sounds of paper ripping loudly met her ears, temporarily interrupting her thoughts.
She had been away from her mother's optimistic teachings for a long time. A good Chorlak was trained to view each other as cogs in a machine, and in her eagerness to please them, she had embedded that belief rather soundly into her own mind. That boy wasn't a cog in her machine, the Chorlak bent part of her mind insisted. There was nothing for her to gain from stirring up any trouble on the kid's behalf. 
She'd fought tooth and nail her whole life to become part of something bigger, and in the end, it had made her life worse. It was time to be selfish, to look out for herself. She was the only cog in her machine; she'd proved she could make it on her own. That was what it took to survive. It had always been that way; she had simply never accepted it. 
Thud. The all too recognizable sound of a body hitting the floor echoed through her head, almost mocking her as it stirred up feelings she didn't want to acknowledge.
Crack! The toothpick shattered in her grip.
She pictured Jolo's face, smiling just a bit when she told him he could call her by a friends-only nickname. Even though it happened unwillingly, she was now a part of this group of mercenaries, she reasoned. Maybe the boy could be a cog in her new machine.
Somehow, she was in the room before she had fully committed to the idea of intervening. The practical, Chorlak portion of her mind was exasperated with herself, but she didn't care. Two Chibbis stood together, squawking encouragingly at the third who stood over Jolo, its three-fingered hand clenching the boy's shirt.
She launched her full bodyweight at him, undeterred by his height advantage. He slammed into the wall face first.
Like most species, the creatures stood over a foot taller than she did, but her target still wasn't strong enough to resist the full weight of her body slamming against him. Her neck whipped about, eyes alight with wrath, as she caught a glimpse of the other two coming to the third's aid.
“Nibrigga!” She growled, adrenaline driving her back to her mother tongue.
Her voice was so rough that the other two creatures halted, despite not understanding what she'd said.
“Stay back,” she translated herself to the human language, her tone even as she reeled herself back under control.
A calm smirk came over her face even as her eyes blazed piercingly into their sets of unnaturally green ones. They drew back slightly, clearly thrown off by her sudden composure.
“Unless, of course, it takes three of you to subdue a tiny,” she paused to snatch the pinned Chibbi's arm upward into a more uncomfortable angle, “female Chorlak.”
The other two shifted uncomfortably, shooting glances at one another as they attempted to decide what to do silently. Avaria leaned forward, making the creature hiss at the increased pressure on his elbow.
“If you like the way the bones in your hand are currently situated,” she twisted his wrist a bit to emphasize her threat, her smile becoming more tight-lipped, “find some more mature ways to pass your spare time.”
She stepped to the side, using momentum to swing the heavier creature towards his companions. They caught him, scrambling disorderly to turn him around without breaking their aggressive glares at her. 
Her face was passive as she returned their stares. She could practically see the debates in their identical minds, insulted and hateful and perhaps disappointed in themselves that she had gained the upper hand but still too uncertain about her abilities to attempt challenging her.
There were a few empty liquor bottles on a table beside her. She turned to it casually, grabbing the neck of a bottle in each hand. There was a moment's pause as she took a deep, thoughtful breath, waiting to see what the Chibbis might do. They stared at her in the same way, clearly confused by her actions. However, they stood their ground.
She swiveled about on her heel, launching the bottle from her right hand in a single motion. It busted against the wall over a Chibbi's head and was quickly followed by the other bottle, which met its mark above a different Chibbi as her right hand grabbed a third bottle, sending it to shatter above the final creature. 
They kept their hands over their heads a moment after the attack was over, slowly lowering them as they glowered bitterly at her. Their long bony fingers curled into fists, so simultaneously that it almost seemed practiced. She'd judged them to be not terribly brave, just noisy, but it looked like they may defy her expectations and retaliate. She took a couple of steps toward them, posture ready to go on offense. Fighting all three would probably be unpleasant, but at least they were scrawny. Her gaze remained locked onto them unwaveringly, and they began to deflate. First, their thin lips started to tense and fidget uncomfortably. Then their tongues began to dart out. Their eyes snapped about, looking for options. Then their fists loosened, and they slunk away as one, shoulders slouched in disgrace.
She let out a breath she didn't realize was caught in her chest, rolling her shoulders a bit to relieve the tension. Jolo started gathering pieces of torn paper from the floor. Upon picking up a scrap near her, she realized it was a piece of a drawing. 
When she looked over the top of the piece, Jolo stood in front of her, shifting uncertainly.
“I can handle them. They don't scare me,” he insisted bravely. His tone was bolder than she had ever heard it so far, but his slumped posture didn't match his tough words. He was embarrassed.
She gently nudged his chin with a finger, prompting him to look at her.
“You don't have to though,” she shrugged a bit as a half-smile tugged at her lip. “You have me.” She handed him the shred of paper and patted him on the shoulder supportively.
As she went to collect the Wuffle she had abandoned in the hallway, she insisted to herself that helping the Faw had been a tactical decision to strengthen the effectiveness of the mercenary group when they infiltrated Gorva. Strangely, the contrasting thought that maybe she had simply done it because she wanted to, as anti-Chorlak as it was, didn't bother her like it once would have. She was never a good Chorlak anyway.
She stooped to collect Pixel, a warmth forming in her chest when she met Jolo's timid smile from where he stood in the lounge entryway. A similar feeling had taken her when she'd aided the young Chorlak girl. 
Even under the guise of optimizing the situation, doing the right thing felt good.

The next few weeks passed by quickly as preparations for their ambitious scheme kept the days busy. Cap'n Botch, although he initially appeared rather oafish, seemed to have read every one of the books piled in his office and was actually quite clever. Based on her vague descriptions of what the ship looked like before all the damage occurred and a bit of trial and error, they had managed to fix it. He seemed grumpy and unfriendly at first, and upon getting to know him a bit, he was still grumpy and unfriendly, but she thought she was growing on him. He had even shared some sort of candy with her from his secret stash. It was orange, gel-like, and had a horrible aftertaste, but she was flattered enough that she didn't express anything but delight.
She'd continued in her efforts to train Pixel. To her surprise, he eventually did learn the word 'Chiv', although persuading the creature to retrieve a specific object was another matter entirely. Without a tasty bit of food to bribe the Wuffle, he would rarely even attempt to perform the trick. She supposed such a thing would just be too agreeable for his tastes.
The rest of her limited spare time was spent mostly with Jolo. He had been teaching her to draw, which she quite enjoyed. She'd never had a hobby before.
In return, she showed him some self-defense. Faw were not built for war, which Jolo said was why his home planet was enslaved by a different race every few weeks, but nonetheless, he was now better equipped for a fight than he had been before. 
It was now two days before they intended to execute the plan they had meticulously constructed. Although Avaria wasn't very experienced with such strategic thinking, the logic-driven way that her brain tended to operate seemed well suited to the task. They held several meetings in preparation over the past few weeks, where she offered enough input based on her overall knowledge of the Growloc to be quite useful. 
They were in orbit around an uninhabited planet only a few hours' journey from Gorva. There, they waited for the annual celebration, which would take place in their royal city.
She awoke on that particular morning with a strange feeling in her stomach. It had nothing to do with hunger or even nervousness for the robbery they would attempt in a couple of days; it was an odd, sickly sort of sensation, as though her insides were rippling. While it was uncomfortable, it wasn't especially painful, so she ignored it. 
There wasn't much to do throughout the day, with all the necessary preparations already completed, so most of the crew gathered in the lounge. Despite her initial resolve to distance herself from the mercenaries, her tolerance for them had increased substantially in the last few weeks. Avaria doubted she would ever think much of the Chibbis, but she liked Jolo perhaps more than anyone else she'd ever met, and the human wasn't bad either. She rather enjoyed their witty banter.
Jolo sat next to her while she played a card game with Axel and ignored the sulking glares of the Chibbis, who sprawled over chairs around a wobbly table in the back corner of the room. After she'd confronted them, she'd had no choice but to begrudgingly accept her position in the pack: somewhere between them and Axel. That said, she would still never take orders from him. 
The creatures tested Axel's authority over them fairly regularly, but they largely avoided her. She could only assume that being defeated by a woman condemned them to irredeemable disgrace, and her face was an unpleasant reminder. Even her roommate had evidently found somewhere else to sleep, which led her to think she should've knocked the Chibbis down a few pegs sooner.
“You're quiet,” her opponent mused, scratching his scruffy chin which hadn't seen a razor in days, maybe even weeks. “And to think I've been using all my best jokes.”
She half smiled, glancing up at him over her cards. It was true, he'd been attempting to provoke conversation from her with special diligence, but all he had gotten for his efforts was the occasional chuckle. Even Jolo had tried to draw some conversation from her. He was usually more reserved around Axel, apparently they hadn't spent much time together before she showed up, but they were warming to each other.
Avaria's head was foggy, too unfocused to engage with either of them properly.
“I'm strategizing,” she presented her excuse confidently.
Her head was throbbing. That really didn't seem ideal. 
She reordered the wooden cards in her hand until the shapes painted on them were in the best order, then laid them down.
Axel groaned with mock fury, casting his losing hand down in defeat. 
“Just what goes on in that little blue head of yours that makes you so good at this?”
She gathered the presence of mind to smirk, and he shook his head in exasperation.
“Play again?” He challenged, gathering the cards into the middle to shuffle them. 
His words echoed as though he were calling out into a cave. Avaria tried to look at him, but his face swiveled back and forth in her sight, only improving slightly when she blinked. 
“Play with Jolo,” she countered, the whistly accent in her voice unusually thick as her linguistic abilities became more muddled.
“You alright there, Saber-Tooth?” He asked, his tone genuinely concerned.
She tightened her eyebrows together for a moment as she tried to find meaning in the sentence despite the unfamiliar nickname, but soon she managed to pull together enough sense to nod. 
“Chorlak don't get sick.” 
At least, she'd never seen an ill Chorlak before. 
He didn't look convinced, but he shrugged as he began mixing the cards, dismissing her problems.
As she got up and turned to leave, Jolo's small hand lightly caught her wrist, and he fixed her with a look of concern. She offered a reassuring smile, but he still was slow to release his hold and watched her intently as she passed his chair to exit the room. 
It took a considerable amount of concentration, but she held her body rigidly upright, refusing to stumble in the sight of her crewmates, especially the Chibbis.
She pushed herself to continue down the hallway until she was out of earshot, then stumbled forward and clumsily caught herself against a wall. Her heart was racing, and she couldn't seem to breathe fast enough. Had she been poisoned?
A gasp tore from her throat as she cinched her eyes shut, still seeing stars even in the darkness behind her lids. The last thing she needed was for a Chibbi to catch her in this vulnerable position- she needed to get to the bathroom.
It wasn't far away; she could make it. Her eyes opened, but it only improved her sight slightly. Dark and light patches obscured her vision. That wasn't a very good sign. Despite her general lack of spatial awareness, she still stumbled down the hall and around a corner. 
The bathroom door, which stood on hinges as opposed to sliding open like the others, hung slightly ajar. She tumbled inside, flinging the door fully open as her body slammed against it on her way in. She quickly grabbed the edge of the splintery wood and snatched it shut, sliding a small metal bar into the 'locked' position as she leaned back against the door, panting heavily. The sink wasn't far away, so she wobbled over to it in a couple of unsteady, poorly placed steps. She felt slightly more stable as her fingers wrapped around the edges of the cool porcelain, but the waves of sparkles surging across her vision were so disorienting that she had to close her eyes to stay upright. A tingling sensation that originated somewhere deep within her abdomen pulsated regularly, consuming every inch of her body for a few moments before concentrating in the pit of her stomach again. Each time the pain became concentrated, her hands clenched even tighter until the feeling distributed itself more evenly under her skin's surface.
“Hurry 'et up in thare!” 
The words rattled around her head, somehow deafening and barely audible at the same time. She gasped, her head hanging lower as the pain spiked through her entire being. Then, all at once, the sensations seeped out of her body, almost like they'd been washed away by heavy rain. Her eyes snapped open in relief, her head tilting back to see herself in the grungy mirror. Her tightened face suddenly went slack with surprise as her eyes fell on the green liquid rolling lazily over her lower lip. She shifted her weight from her braced arms back to her feet, freeing up a hand to touch it tentatively. Initially, she glanced down to look at her now-coated fingers, but her focus quickly shifted to the green droplets that had collected in the sink.
“Git outta thare!”
She glanced briefly at the door as it buckled slightly to the hand beating it before ripping off a fistful of paper towels.
“Oh be patient, I'm almost done!” Her tone was far more relaxed than she felt, but still a bit tenser then she meant for it to be.
Regardless, it was a step towards successfully masking her shock when she had to open the door.
She turned on the faucet, sending the green spatters swirling down the drain as she rubbed her lips and chin clean. Disappointingly, the gaze that met her in the mirror was every bit as alarmed as she felt, so she forcefully shut her jaw and twitched her eyebrows to loosen her expression.
After allowing a moment of stillness to collect herself, she swung the door open. Botch stood on the other side, perched at his full looming height with both hands raised in fists. She'd interrupted his next attack on the door.
“There are two other bathrooms on this ship,” she reminded him, hoping the playful grin would offset any lingering signs of sickness. 
He grunted at her, his favorite response, as he slumped down onto all fours to walk past her.
“All t' small,” he slurred as he jammed himself through the doorway, his bulky shoulders scraping against the sides of the opening.
She maintained her smile as he closed the door, but her expression quickly became distorted after it clicked into place. There were few things more alarming than for blood to randomly come from a person's mouth. She hadn't felt that sick since she was in the mist... 
She shook the thought off quickly, straightening herself. It was a fluke, and it was over, she decided. Whatever it was that had just happened, she couldn't afford to give it her attention. All of her concentration had to be trained on the dangerous assignment they were about to undertake. After that, she would be freer than she had ever been before in her life.

The day on which the group intended to carry out their daunting assignment had begun. She scooped a spoonful of canned soup into her mouth, swallowing without really tasting it. Her eyes stared blankly as she considered the possible outcomes of their scheme. 
Although their plan was very well thought out, she was utterly incapable of comprehending the motivation to rob such a dangerous race. As far as she could tell, risk outweighed the reward.
The Chorlak were a cold and calculating race who quashed all forms of resistance firmly, but only because they deemed violence necessary to achieve their goal. The Growloc, on the other hand, possessed fundamentally dark and vengeful natures. It was nearly impossible to fathom what terrors might await them if they were caught. She blinked, snapping herself out of her stupor as she realized that she'd distracted herself from eating. 
After quickly shoveling the remainder of the soup into her mouth, she disposed of her bowl and was out of the kitchen before any of the others were up, which she considered a win.
She was soon back in her room with the collapsable dagger tucked into her torso wrap and one side of her head braided. While her fingers whipped the strands of the other half into place, she thought about what she might do after this was over.
For her entire life, her only drive had been the idea of integration into society. Even though she had long ago begun to doubt such a thing was possible, it was still enough of a purpose to keep her going. For the last couple of months, she had been wholly focused on this mission. Once it was over and she had her own ship, she could go wherever she wanted and do whatever she felt like once she got there.
It was liberating, yet it also made her feel uncomfortably aimless. 
“Will you do mine?” Came Jolo's soft voice from the doorway, his tone shyer than it had been with her in a long while. 
She nodded, tying off the end of her braid. She had to experiment a bit to figure out the procedure for braiding a head that wasn't her own, but after a moment, a braid began to form down the stripe of thick hairs in the middle of his head. 
“My mother used to braid my hair,” he whispered reminiscently.
“Mine too,” she pulled a section of hair tight, “What happened?”
“A band of Swives took over my planet.”
Avaria nodded, even though he couldn't see her. She'd heard of them before: furry, near-savage creatures who were generally consumed with greed.
“They auctioned off a bunch of us kids as workers. I ended up with Cap'n Botch.”
She tied off the braid where it ended in the middle of his shoulder blades. He turned to face her, a sweet smile on his face.
“I'm going to get my own ship one day. Then I'm going to go back home and take my mom away from there.” 
“I believe you.” 
His smile bloomed to reveal pearly teeth at her words. 
She offered him a reassuring pat on the back as she turned to grab the dark hooded cloak that was draped over the side of her bunk. They would all be wearing one while they performed the heist, hopefully making them less noticeable. It felt foreign to have material covering her entire arm, but she overlapped the front of the garment and wrapped a long strip of material around her abdomen anyway, holding it in place. The bottom of the cloak hit around mid-thigh, making it long enough to obscure her shape but short enough to avoid hindering her movement.
Pixel squawked disagreeably from his perch atop her bunk, seeming to know that he was being left behind, but she ignored him, her mind too preoccupied to allow him much attention. 
“I wanted to give you this,” Jolo stated sheepishly, drawing her gaze back to him.
He presented a thick-banded silver ring from his pocket.
“It's a communicator,” he pointed to a pair of small diamond shapes raised from the ring's surface as he shifted so she could better see them.
“They're buttons, this one turns it off,” he pressed the left diamond down in demonstration, “and this other one lets you talk.”
He deposited it into her palm, not noticing the stunned shock across her features. Then he fished around in his pocket, soon withdrawing another one.
“This one is mine. Now, after this is over and you go away, you can still talk to me from anywhere in the whole galaxy.”
“Wow,” Avaria whispered, deeply touched.
She didn't know what to say. It hadn't fully occurred to her how close she had become to the little boy until that moment. The Chorlak would condemn such a connection. But maybe they were wrong, and her parents were right. Existing in emotional isolation was quite lonely, and she couldn't perceive any benefits of it.
“Where did you get these?” They looked much more expensive than anything else the mercenaries had access to.
“Well...” He squirmed a bit, “I might've, maybe, been swiping things from some planets here and there...”
Avaria's eyebrow raised questioningly, and he scrambled to continue.
“Nothing they would miss! I only did it on the really rich trading planets. After I leave here, I can sell everything and get an awesome ship to go get my mom in.”
It occurred to her that he might've mistaken her concern for judgment. She didn't care whether or not he stole things, but if he were ever caught, it would be very bad for him. Still, she felt warm inside that he was willing to give up one of his stolen treasures to stay in contact with her.
“Thank you for sharing this with me,” Avaria held up her hand as she slipped the communicator onto her ring finger in an exaggerated motion, “I'll keep it forever.”
She was worried about Jolo's role in their raid, where he would be almost left to fend for himself except for the Chibbi that would be with him. He would likely be better off if he went in completely alone than being paired with a Chibbi, but that was how Cap'n Botch had planned it. 
Her eyes met his, and she smiled encouragingly. Suddenly, the ship lurched a bit under their feet, making them both stumble a few steps. Their trip to Gorva had begun. 


Chapter 15


The crew had been gathered in the cockpit for hours. The only seat was the pilot's chair, which was occupied by Botch, so the rest of the crew stood huddled together in the small space behind it.
There had been barely a word spoken between them. Evidently, Avaria wasn't the only one that fully appreciated the danger they would soon be subjecting themselves to. The Chibbis had resorted to biting their nails, which was odd because she had never noticed them having fingernails at all, and Axel leaned against the doorframe, arms crossed. At a glance, he looked pretty at ease, but on closer inspection, his fingers dug into his biceps so hard that the area was tinged with pink. 
Jolo sat criss-cross and very still in the corner behind Avaria. He'd hardly moved a muscle since installing himself there.
At first, Avaria had been clinking her metal communicator ring against the pipe she leaned on, but a hard look from the Chibbis brought to her attention how annoying the tic was to other ears. She didn't care if it bothered her lanky green companions, but she could only assume the others found it equally unpleasant. So, in a moment of consideration, she switched to mindlessly flicking loose rust off the pipe as she waited uncomfortably for the action to begin. 
“'tis close,” Cap'n grumbled without turning. 
“Best be gettin' it runnin',” he added, jerking his head towards the door and causing his short spike-like hairs to wobble.
She nodded, although his eyes were facing the windshield, and straightened herself. 
“Hey,” she tugged at Axel's elbow as she passed him, “I could use a hand.” 
Without waiting for a response, she proceeded through the open doorway. Axel was behind her, she could hear his footsteps, but she didn't say anything, too busy considering what they were about to do. 
Navigating the ship's corridors was now second nature to her, and she arrived in the hanger without really paying attention to her journey there. It looked even more like a disaster zone than it had when she'd first arrived. Bright neon electrical cables tangled and twisted in all directions like a web spun by a very angry spider. Or a highly intoxicated one.
She stepped over and around the messily clumped tubes with the ease of familiarity. After all, she had worked with Botch to assemble the concoction. She found the end of what the Captain called a master cable, where all of the other bulky wires joined into one. 
It was over a foot wide in diameter and heavy enough to be difficult for one person to handle, especially when that person was rather small like Avaria. It was fortunate that she would have assistance.
She gestured for Axel to join her, and together, they lugged the master cable up the steps of the Growloc fighter jet. 
“There.” She nodded her head indicatively to the port where the cable could attach. 
They pressed the makeshift link into the hole and twisted it clockwise, locking it into place with a satisfying click. Each of them let go slowly, as though concerned the bulky contraption would fall right off, but it didn't, instead emitting more mechanical sounds as it reconstructed itself to fit properly into the port.
“That's it?” Axel raised a brow doubtfully.
“Yeah,” she shrugged, her lips pulling up slightly at the corners, “that's it.”
After so much preparation, it seemed like it should've been more complicated. 
“How long can we keep it running?” He asked, crouching down to look at the thing more closely. 
“About half an hour.” 
She tapped the cable with the toe of her boot, also somewhat doubtful despite her role in assembling it. She hoped Botch knew what he was doing because all she had done was follow his instructions. Unfortunately, she didn't know much about these types of things.
“It should be enough time to get us past their exterior scanners.”
Botch seemed confident that it would, or at least he faked it well. The Growloc had scanners around their planet constantly running to detect any unwelcome vessels approaching their homeworld. 
The cable-maze they'd constructed was, in theory, going to trick their scanners into only picking up the signature of their own fighter jet, effectively smuggling the mercenary ship past them without it getting blown into bits. At least, that was the plan.
Axel stood abruptly.
“Cap'n knows what he's doing.”
He tugged her braid gently as he passed by, a smirk offsetting the doubtful tension on his forehead. She hadn't fully determined the meaning behind this gesture, perhaps it was some human custom she wasn't familiar with, but she had decided the first time he did it that the hair-pulling was playful, so she allowed it. 
“I've never seen you so shaken up like this.” 
She turned sharply to face Axel, who stood in the doorway as he spoke.
“I am not shaken up!” She countered, her brows drawn together in offense to mask the spark of shock welling up inside her.
No one had ever been able to read her true feelings. She excelled at displaying only the emotions she meant to. Somehow, he hadn't been fooled, and she didn't much care for how exposed she currently felt.
Axel crossed his arms and leaned his back against the wall, arching a bushy unconvinced eyebrow. 
She sighed, her own arms folding protectively over her chest as if that could block him out. Her tongue flashed out through her fangs to wet her lips as she deliberated the merits of lowering the cocky facade that had always protected her. No logical reasons to do so presented themselves. Regardless, for some inexplicable reason, she wanted to anyway.
“It was the Growloc that destroyed my planet.” Her lips were forced into the slightest smile, a long-ingrained habit still compelling her to mask the full extent of her feelings. “I just want this to be over, you know?” 
She shook her head slightly, brows drawn in concentration as she resisted the swell of emotions within her. Oddly, the never before experienced urge to ramble fired up inside of her with nonsensical and barely related thoughts fluttering through her mind and itching to be released from her tongue. Instead, she pressed her lips in a line to physically hold her mouth shut. 
Part of her mind, bent on self-preservation, pushed her to straighten herself and walk away, to do something, anything, to halt the vulnerability she was displaying. She was so uncomfortable. Yet the part of her that was tired of being alone all the time held her in place, allowing the open silence to stretch on.
Finally, after mulling over her words, Axel nodded understandingly.
“Well then, I don't guess that I would be president of their fan club either, huh?” he straightened himself, “what do you say we go show those overgrown pebbles who's boss?”
She chuckled genuinely, relaxing her defensive arms to her sides. His statement wasn't that funny, but somehow it redeemed itself by breaking the tension. 
Just one day, she reminded herself. She only had to survive until this time tomorrow. After that, she could go for the rest of her life without ever seeing another Growloc.
So long as everything went according to plan.

Her and Axel were back in the cockpit with the others, watching Gorva grow larger in the distance. It was covered in large patches of orangish-red, like all things Growloc seemed to be. The vast lava lakes were only interrupted occasionally by chunks of dark brown landmasses.
It was very foreboding. Avaria grasped a pair of low hanging pipes in each hand for stability when the ship began to creak and rattle unhappily as they began to pass through the atmosphere. So far, there were no signs that they would be shot down. She supposed that was the best possible start.
Her teeth clenched tightly as waves of fiery orange surged across the windshield, and the ground under her feet jiggled like it might come apart. Then their view cleared to reveal the lava below the point where they'd made their entrance. 
The whole crew breathed a quiet sigh of relief, and Avaria rolled her shoulders a bit as she released her death grip, alleviating some of the tightness. They had made it past the exterior scanners. Things didn't seem to go according to plan for her very often, but it was quite satisfying when they did. 
Botch brought the ship low over the lava lake, where they hoped no one would notice them, then disengaged all systems except the thrusters. No one moved for a moment, each seeming to expect a squadron of Growloc fighter jets to materialize.
They didn't.
“Well, ye get ta' movin'.”
They headed to the hanger in single file, each sporting their eerie cloaks. Avaria and Axel disconnected the cable attaching the Growloc jet to their ship, and after a moment of tensely awaiting negative repercussions that never came, the crew situated themselves inside. 
Botch fired up the jet as the hanger doors slowly slid apart. Avaria tried to school her expression into a look of confidence. Her lips barely even pursed with the effort of maintaining the charade, but her hands gripped the armrests so tightly her knuckles became discolored. 
She glanced appraisingly at the Chibbi sitting beside her, mainly to distract herself. His jaw was tight, his antennas bending and twisting together in a very fidgety type of way. 
Her insides felt like they dropped a little as Botch jerked the jet upwards, away from the artificial gravity.
Here we go, she thought. We're actually doing this.
They soared smoothly out of the opening and cruised low over the lava. It was so bright that it almost looked like daytime through her limited view of the windshield, but she knew that once they were over land, they would have the security of darkness. The illumination was still somewhat unsettling, as though a spotlight were being shined directly onto them from all directions.
Despite her discomfort, they successfully made it to the dark, crack-ridden landmass where the royal city was located. She could see a collection of silhouettes poking up from the horizon, each making their mark against the night sky at an assortment of heights.
She stood as they got closer, making her way to the front of the jet so she could better see the buildings as they came into view.
All the structures on Gorva boasted only a few stories in height except for the Royal Palace, which stood proudly in the center of the city. It wasn't uniformly tall; instead, it was a cluster of towers built to varying heights, many of which dwarfed the shorter buildings of the city. The tallest of all was the artifact tower that jutted up high into the sky from the middle of the royal building clump. 
All of the structures that she could see were oddly shaped, with rooms of all different sizes bulging out randomly from the exterior walls. The lumpy structures reminded her a bit of the pebble-like formations on the Growloc's skin.
Everything was covered in hues of angry red and accented with small amounts of orange and black. Even the stones in the streets were red, separated only by a thin band of black grout. It was really too much red in one place.
There was quite a bit of activity in the sky as many lithe vessels shot about busily. The mercenaries' stolen jet was quite a bit bulkier than these small ships, which were most likely meant for local transportation, but regardless, no one seemed to be paying much attention to them.
Botch brought the ship to a gentle halt, levitating a few feet above the street behind the Royal Palace. The centennial parade and festival were taking place on the other side of the palace, and so the street they hovered over was actually pretty quiet. 
The jet's door transformed into stairs with a quiet hum, but no one seemed eager to emerge first. Avaria paused for a moment, waiting for someone else to take the initiative, but soon her impatience outweighed her hesitation.
It had to be done, and stalling wouldn't change that. Avaria took a slow controlled breath and stood, her movement swift with determination. Both hands snaked behind her neck to find the hem of her hood and quickly tug it over her head. The material brushing against her forehead was oddly comforting, although logically, she knew it did little to conceal her decidedly blue and not Growloc skin.
She strode purposefully to the opening and, without hesitating, descended the first step, then the next. One hand hung around the doorframe to stabilize her as she assessed the several foot drop that would be necessary for her to stand on the orangey-red pebbles below. Botch didn't want to land, as he thought it possible that doing so would set off some sort of alarm. Seemed a little paranoid to Avaria, but then again, when one goes to provoke the beast, they should at least do so with caution.
A glance around the area revealed no locals. That seemed like a good sign, but it also left room for a creative mind to imagine that they were lurking somewhere just out of sight. 
Avaria straightened herself, steeled her jaw, then stepped off lightly while releasing the ship from her grasp. She maintained countless reservations about what they were doing, and it was probably best to just leap in before such thoughts could pull her into inaction.
Gravel crunched as she dropped onto it, tactically falling to one knee and hand to distribute the momentum. Her breath hung as she sat with the stillness of the dead, half expecting the whole Growloc army to flood the street at once, but the only sounds were of deep, rhythmic music bellowing from the other side of the palace.
She turned when she heard a gravelly thunk behind her to find Axel, who quickly straightened himself and inadvertently reminded Avaria to do the same.
The others dropped to the ground afterward in quick succession, except for Botch, who remained on board. He would not be accompanying them to the royal city, choosing to instead serve only as the pilot. He was too big and bulky to maneuver very discreetly- or at least, that was what he said. Avaria had her suspicions that he simply did not care to place himself in harm's way. Why should he when he had a crew to do the dangerous work for him?
The perimeter of the royal palace was lined with tall lumpy columns that were so close together she doubted the Growloc could fit between them. Instead, the creatures would likely be forced to enter through the main gate. She supposed Botch was right to stay behind as it was unlikely his broad shoulders would be easily persuaded to pass through the narrow openings.
For the six hooded figures that approached the palace, however, passing between the columns was a feat easily completed with little thought. Avaria offered Jolo a small smile as he and one of the Chibbi headed around a corner of the building. He returned it briefly before his partner shoved him disagreeably, sending him quickly out of sight.
The smile slipped down her face as though it were melting. Not for the first time, she shook her head in disbelief that they were going through with this. It was such a remarkably unreasonable thing to do. Even the greediest creature could surely understand that they wouldn't be able to enjoy money if they were dead.
She inhaled a deep, steady breath, letting it ground her enough to compose herself. Flashing Axel and the other two Chibbis a confident smirk as she passed them, she led the way towards their intended entry point with her posture held high. Her gait slowed to a stop so she could peek around a corner as they approached it. No guards. 
“All clear,” she whispered, sparing a glance back at the three behind her. 
A few hundred paces down the wall was an alleyway in the unusually shaped building, and the Chibbis turned down it, leaving Avaria and Axel to continue without them. The lanky green men were uncharacteristically timid as they departed; their wide stances were more stiff than usual, and their sets of antennas were pressed so tightly against their bald heads they would likely leave marks. 
“Hey,” she hissed at them, realizing their mistake. “Hoods,” she prompted, tugging at the hem of her own in demonstration. 
They sneered at her but scrambled to comply. 
“You're welcome,” she whispered to their ungrateful departing forms.
“Come' on.” Axel tugged her elbow as he passed her to take the lead.
In action, he seemed to be the least affected member of the crew, and she was somewhat jealous of his ability to at least pretend his emotions were in check. She followed close behind him, not bothering to suppress her urge to glance about in a somewhat paranoid manner now that no one was behind her to see it. 
Unfortunately, if anything, the frequent scans of the area only served to make her nerves stand at attention.
“Here we are,” Axel stated, halting so abruptly that she almost collided with him.
Fortunately, her well-honed reflexes saved her from the embarrassment, and she instead stepped around him to see the place for herself. A tower, more uniformly square than most of the structure, stood a few feet away from the main building. On the other side of it was another stumpy building that was connected to the palace. It should hide them from the festival-goers gathered just beyond it.
Suddenly, Axel darted into the space between the palace and the tower, snatching her against him and evoking an irritated growl for his efforts.
“Shush!” He hissed, pointing indicatively around the edge. 
She silenced the retort forming in her throat but still fixed him with an icy glare before she leaned out cautiously to see what had spooked him. At first, she didn't notice anything unusual, but then, beyond the line of columns, she saw the shadowy figures of three massive Growloc stumbling unsteadily through the streets. As they came closer, she realized they were singing loudly, although it was scarcely discernible from the loud music of the festival. She watched through narrowed eyes as they staggered along slowly before finally filing clumsily into one of the buildings. 
A sigh escaped her lips as she relaxed and leaned back onto her own feet, only to suddenly realize her face was very close to Axel's face. She didn't quite experience the same type of discomfort she usually did when others were terribly close to her, but that disturbed her even more, and she was eager to end it.
She pushed away the lingering hand against her lower back so she could quickly distance herself, consciously neglecting to comment on the proximity or consider what might be the meaning behind the strange churning sensation in the pit of her stomach. It was remarkably inopportune.
Perhaps she had spent too much time with this human. She fidgeted with her garments a bit, though it was unnecessary as they weren't really displaced. The activity still distracted her enough to summon her characteristic concentration back into place. It was only nerves, she decided firmly, because what they were doing was so outlandishly foolish.
“Well, come on then,” she whispered, working quickly to regain her wit.
She turned her back to him and the knowing smirk on his face that she didn't appreciate.
“Wipe that face off,” she mumbled, immediately regretting her tone when she realized it sounded like a petulant child.
“Whatever you say, love.” He reached around her shoulder to pinch her chin teasingly, irritating her to no end. Was he incapable of taking anything seriously? They were basically on a suicide mission. A low rumble left her throat as she snatched his hand and yanked her head away for good measure.
His back soon pressed against hers, and their arms flailed disorderly for a moment before finally locking together successfully. It was a bit awkward, Avaria's upper arms could only reach to just above his forearms, but it would have to be good enough.
“I would like to point out,” she mused, previous irritation forgotten as she looked up the unpleasantly high gap they were about to ascend, “I am really not excited about this.”
How she had managed to get herself placed on the route that involved the most climbing she wasn't sure, but here she was.
“Welcome to the club,” came his voice from just behind her. “Please keep your hands and arms inside the vehicle and remain seated at all times,” he said in an odd, theatrical type voice, “Hang on to your personal belongings, especially your hats and glasses, 'cause we're in for a wild ride!”
She paused in her efforts to situate herself, craning her neck as far to the left as possible so he could observe the pattern of confused creases gathered on her forehead. “What?”
“You know, like a carnival?”
Her features folded even more.
“What are you talking about?”
“You know, rides? At a carnival? Fun? Joy? Screaming kids?”
Her face relented to exasperation. Aha, there was the irritation again. She was still busy gathering her thoughts, and she didn't care to hear his jolly voice in the background.
“Are you ready?” she asked testily, changing the subject.
“Yeah, ready when you are.”
She placed one foot firmly against the wall on her side of the gap, then felt Axel take a step upwards behind her, so she quickly engaged her other foot, wedging the two of them into the space between the tower and the main palace. Her elbows locked more firmly against her coconspirator's as her body instinctively tensed.
They took another step, wobbling precariously for a moment before stabilizing just enough to take another. Avaria adjusted her arms' grip slightly, sweat already starting to prickle at her brow line. She took another step, her other leg sliding unsteadily as her muscles began to quiver. Her foot shot upwards clumsily, quickly falling behind Axel's pace, which was aided by his longer legs. In a short burst of energy, she took three rapid steps, positioning herself awkwardly just above Axel and allotting herself a moment of rest as he caught up.
She glanced down, the sweat trickling down her temples seeming to freeze in place as she realized how far above the ground they had gotten. Her eyes screwed shut before any genuine panic could set in, only opening them again once her head pointed upwards. Another step.
They were nearly two-thirds of the way up the tower, which presented a new problem. The building that had obscured them from the view of festival-goers was shorter than the tower. It would only conceal them for a few more feet.
She pushed back against Axel as she took her next step, stretching her aching muscles as much as the space allowed. Axel took a couple of steps at once, making her scramble to keep up. They weren't particularly good at this. Her foot slid downward, almost in slow motion, the sole of her boot emitting an audible grinding sound against the dark red stone. A gasp rushed through her lips as she sharply rearranged her footing, barely moving her wayward foot up fast enough. 
“Almost there,” came Axel's strained voice.
A controlled growl rumbled in her throat as his attempt at reassurance momentarily broke her concentration. 
They took another step, somehow more efficiently in unison than the previous ones had been. She glanced upward to see for herself how close they truly were but stopped short when she realized they were no longer behind the other building. She could see the wide red cobblestone street beyond it as well as the horde of all-sized Growloc who fought there- or perhaps they were performing some very aggressive dance? The sight made her insides suddenly feel like they were being whisked together in the food machine. At this height, even the towering Growloc looked like toy soldiers. Not for the first time, she thought about how much easier this would be if they had purchased some sort of grappling hook. Unfortunately, reliable ones were expensive, and the mercenaries were nearly broke.
They took two more steps, their bodies remaining in alignment as their climbing abilities improved. She glanced down at the street again, her desire to keep an eye on the Growloc outweighing the discomfort caused by her high vantage point. 
Troughs of lava ran down either side of the road, illuminating the faces there. So far, every glowering red eye appeared fixated on the performers, who, on second glance, did seem to be dancing. Her lips tightened together to control the height-induced fear threatening to spill onto her features. Although no one could see her expression, exercising the ability to control it served to somewhat soothe her. 
They took two more steps upward. Avaria glanced straight down; she couldn't help it. The ground was so far away that she instantly became dizzy. For some reason, she forgot that her eyes were capable of looking elsewhere.
She wasn't cognitive enough to notice her feet sliding, only realizing the oversight when the invisible hand of fear snatched the bottom of her stomach away. Her feet were no longer braced against the wall. It took a moment for her to understand why she wasn't falling.
“Hurry up!” Axel yelled, his voice scratchy with exertion. 
He hung from the ledge at the top of the tower, and she dangled from his waist, where she'd instinctively wrapped both arms in a death grip. Refusing to repeat her ill-conceived look downwards, she quickly shimmied up his body and over the edge of the tower. Standing on solid ground was a genuinely fantastic experience. Her insides immediately felt like they were all properly attached to each other once again.
Remembering Axel, she found her footing as quickly as her overexerted muscles would allow and grabbed two fistfuls of his cloak, throwing the full force of her weight into assisting his heavy frame over the edge.
They collapsed onto the cool stone with an orchestra of grunts and thumps then proceeded to lay almost exactly how they'd clumsily fallen, although she elbowed him in the ribs to get him to stop crushing her. They were too drained by the waves of relief that washed away their adrenaline to even consider moving for several moments after that.
“Next time,” Axel mumbled from somewhere nearby, “How about a warning on that?”
“Humph,” she snorted, elation making the sound more like a chuckle, “There is never, ever going to be a next time.”
Opening her eyes, she saw Axel had propped himself up to a sitting position. Taken with the motivation to find her bearings before he did, she clunkily climbed to her feet, propping herself against the ledge for support. She leaned forward a few inches to look down the side of the tower they'd just ascended. It was really a long way down.
“There's not a chance we're leaving that way,” she mused.
“Absolutely not,” Axel agreed, drawing her attention when he gave her a friendly pat on the back from where he now stood behind her.
She shivered a bit at the sudden contact, spinning on her heel to cover the movement. Stop that, she scolded herself silently. Stupid adrenaline. The only thing that could have made the situation worse was if Axel had noticed her reaction, but fortunately, it didn't seem that he had. 
He crossed over the top of the tower and lifted a large trap door.
“After you,” he stated, gesturing to the now-exposed staircase with one hand.
She quirked a brow in mock gratitude at his courtesy as she passed him. Descending the numerous flights of stairs before her seemed tame compared to the feat they had just performed, but the fluttering in her still-worn leg muscles did make the task more daunting. 
The trap door creaked eerily shut behind Axel, making her have to suppress the urge to shiver again, for an entirely different reason. What looked like halves of bowls protruded from the walls at various points, filled with brightly colored liquid which must have been molten lava. Although they provided enough light to see, the strange orange hue cast over the otherwise gray interior felt a bit like a 'keep out' warning. A phrase she had recently learned about in the human language sprang to her mind: 'into the belly of the beast.' 


Chapter 16
 

The staircase ended in an underground passageway that led into the main palace. The same unsettling lava light fixtures that were in the tower lit it. Although no one was around, just as they had expected, neither of the intruders spoke to one another, somehow both taken by the concern that someone might be listening.
Avaria adjusted her cloak a bit as she walked, unsticking it from her sweat-dampened skin. Either the lava-bowls made the air unusually warm, or the moisture prickling from her skin was just a manifestation of her discomfort.
They reached a thick dark red door at the end of the passageway. Avaria paused a moment, eyeing it skeptically. She expected it to be unlocked as Growloc were too prideful to believe an invader could ever reach their royal palace. 
At least, that was her educated guess. She had presented this theory with confidence during the planning stage of their mission. After all, she had to contribute something, if only to validate herself. If it turned out she was wrong, the mercenaries' wrath would be the least of her concerns.
Axel, who at least pretended to be free of any reservations, went in front of her and clasped the protruding metal handle firmly. It was so big that his fingers could barely wrap around the edges of it. He grunted with effort, but the knob didn't move. 
Avaria felt her breath catch- had she underestimated the beasts that resided here? Axel summoned his other hand to join in the task, his face tensing with concentration as his forearms began to quiver. She supposed she could pitch in, but she didn't. Her palms were probably too sweaty to contribute much anyway. She took a sharp breath as her thumb began to fidget over her fingertips. Then her eyes started to dart around, her strategic brain looking for another solution, although she already knew there wasn't one. 
Click. A mechanism somewhere deep inside the door fell into place with a sound that indicated it had not been called into action for quite some time. More clunky mechanical sounds rattled off in quick succession as the knob began to twist jerkily on its axis before finally halting at the end of its rotation.
Axel glanced up at her, his mouth ajar in a small 'o'. He seemed rightfully surprised that it had worked. She met his gaze only for a moment before returning it pointedly to the door, eager to confirm that it had, in fact, opened. Picking up on her impatience, he corrected his jaw and gave the door a light push as he relented his hold on the knob.
It creaked noisily but swung slowly ajar nonetheless. Avaria let out a soothing breath as her guess proved accurate. The stairs beyond the chunky door were much better kept, with black walls and red-tiled floors that shone as though they were regularly polished. She proceeded forward ahead of Axel, craning her neck to see as far up the stairwell as possible. She half-expected to catch sight of a massive gray creature roaming about, but there were none.
The well-maintained area unexpectedly struck her as more dangerous, too lived in. She didn't like it. Her muscles seized briefly as she whipped around to face a loud creaking noise behind her, but it was only the sound of the door being shut by Axel. She took a deep breath, partially to calm herself but also out of relief that his back had been turned to her startled response. 
The knob clunked irritably as it turned back into its place, but despite the clamor, no lumpy faces appeared to investigate. 
“So far so good,” she noted aloud with a confident upturn of her lips, evoking a similar smirk from her companion.
The lighthearted words eased her tightly wound muscles a bit as she turned to ascend the flight of stairs before her. She wished their footsteps could be quieter to allow her straining ears a better chance of identifying early signs of trouble.
Regardless, they made it to the top of the stairway without seeing any signs of a Growloc. Oddly, she almost wished they had. The easier things appeared to be at first, the worse they seemed to inevitably go. 

The two of them briskly made their way through their memorized route to the artifact tower. They slowed to peek around every corner but found no one. It looked like the Growloc took their celebrations very seriously.
Avaria had garnered a fair amount of unexpected confidence by the time they were ascending the stairs of the oddly shaped artifact tower. At the top of each flight of stairs was a room or small hallway, each one no doubt containing all sorts of things the Growloc deemed valuable.
Their target, however, was located near the top of the stairs. They soon entered a tall room on the fourteenth level. It was empty except for five heavily reinforced black doors, each boasting a highly pampered shine. Avaria's mind conjured an image of a big tough Growloc scrubbing away at the doors with toothbrushes and smirked despite the high stakes situation. 
Behind each door was a data orb; the Growloc had five of them. The mercenaries only had to acquire one, which was fortunate because only one of the five rooms possessed a vulnerability that would allow them in.
The other two groups had not yet arrived, and there were no signs of them in the stairwell they'd just come from. That was alright as only one team had to make it to the tower for the mission to succeed. After they obtained the data orb, they would inform the others that they could turn back via a small communication device in the pocket of each cloak.
“I don't think I've ever even been in an asylum that was this clean,” Axel mused with a slight crook in his lip, as though the immaculate walls somehow had the power to irk him.
“Been to many asylums?” She teased with a quirked brow as she removed her cloak, which would only get in her way. “That explains a lot.”
Before dropping the garment, she transferred the small round explosive pellets from the cloak's pocket to a fold in her torso wrap. They were warm against her skin, not painful but definitely uncomfortable.
She trotted over to the simple metal vent that interrupted the room's sleek metal boundaries. It was positioned above and just left of the door directly across from the stairwell. Because the room was tall, and Growloc were tall, the grate was several feet above her head.
“Come on!” She urged, tossing Axel a careless glance over her shoulder. He was visually scanning the stairwell, his back to her. Perhaps he was getting antsy after all.
He tore himself away, and she heard his loud footsteps approaching, but didn't look back at him. Once he emerged in her peripheral, she hopped onto his back with little trouble.
“Not big on warnings, huh?” He grumbled, stumbling a bit before rebalancing with the sudden weight.
“Sorry,” she said, her voice entirely too chipper for someone apologetic. “You know I'm impatient.”
Ascending to his shoulders was more difficult, but with no small amount of squirming and grunting from both parties, it was a task she managed to accomplish. Her height booster had to step back and forth in place a bit to maintain his balance, but she withdrew her dagger to begin without waiting for him to stabilize fully.
She decollapsed her trusty blade and forced it into the crevice at the edge of the grate before slowly prying the chunky metal outwards on one side. Whatever apparatuses were meant to hold it in place snapped rather easily. Once she felt that the grate was fully loosened, she shoved the heavy metal to one side of the duct before it could fall off, making Axel scramble a bit to counterweight.
“Again, with the no warning, it's like you can't take a hint.”
This time she ignored his half-hearted complaint, too intently focused to concern herself with his grievances.
She posted her forearms just inside the opening, cocking her elbows out to the sides in order to reach.
“Ready?” came the voice of her counterpart. “See, that's how communication works. It's a beautiful thing, really.”
She rolled her eyes and nodded, but then remembered he couldn't see her. Perhaps goofing off was his way of coping with nerves. Her approach wasn't all that different, although whenever she teased in tense situations, it was purposeful and strategic, even if it was only to trick others into thinking she felt on top of things. 
However, as she took a moment to think about it, she realized that his antics were grounding her in a way, giving her something to latch onto other than the countless negative outcomes her brain computed for her unprompted.
“Yeah, I'm ready.”
Axel grabbed her foot with one hand and hooked the other under her knee to help heave her upward. 
“It's a good thing you're tiny,” he muttered, voice distorted by exertion, but she barely heard him. 
Loud metallic thuds echoed into the room as her various body parts clanged against the duct during her rather unceremonious entry. After all, it wasn't exactly something a person could train for.
Sized in a way similar to all other things on Gorva, the space was rather large for a duct, but it was still only slightly bigger than her small body. She drug herself forward on her elbows, the thumping sounds continuing as she slid forward. The wall the duct passed through was over six feet thick, far too heavily reinforced for their low-grade explosives to penetrate.
Soon, the duct forked off to the left and the right, but her interest was in the exposed stone that was now in front of her. The light trickling in from the opening behind her was barely enough to function in, but regardless, she was able to identify a grout line.
Out came her dagger again, and she quickly started chipping away at the substance, which soon began to fall away in chunks. She persisted until finally, the stone itself tumbled outward. Her brow wrinkled into a squint as her dark-accustomed eyes had to adjust even to the dim light cast by the planet's moon, but after a moment of blinking, she recovered. She inched forward, wedging her head and shoulders through the small opening she'd created with only slight difficulty.
Of course she would have to face heights again. It seemed to be her lot in life to encounter each thing she deemed unpleasant very frequently.
The room they were targeting was one of the odd ones that protruded from the central portion of the structure. The top of this room was about seven feet below where her head now peeked out of the hole.
She set her face in determination, gathered her bearings, and gripped the edge of the hole firmly. Hoping the layer of stone in her grasp would hold, she maneuvered her body through the opening with as much grace as possible, considering the awkwardness of the movement. 
Soon, she dangled by her quickly tiring fingers with several feet's drop between her and the flat roof of the data orb's chamber. Without allowing herself time to accumulate any apprehension, she let her grip relax. When her feet hit stone, she lowered into a deep crouch and successfully prevented herself from getting injured. 
The hardest parts were over, she assured herself. Surely nothing could go wrong now. 
Her fingers quickly rifled through the crevices of her torso wrap until they brushed against something that felt almost like hard rubber. She grabbed the warm objects, there were three of them, and withdrew her closed fist as she glanced about the area.
It was unnecessary, of course, the room she perched atop was hundreds of feet above the ground. It was beyond unlikely that there would be any passers-by. Regardless, her training and bad experiences didn't allow her to lower her guard, even considering the success they had encountered so far. 
She couldn't elude the feeling that some terrible misfortune was lurking nearby, awaiting its moment to pounce. Unfortunately, although her instincts rarely failed to identify trouble, she still managed to consistently fall prey to the danger it warned of. 
Finding the roof empty and no airborne vessels nearby, she opened her hand to reveal the three light gray explosive pellets in her palm. She positioned herself near the edge of the room, farthest away from the main tower. In quick succession, she slammed each pellet down in a rough triangle, each one splattering into a flat blob on impact before darkening in color. She sprinted to the tower, crouching against the wall with her hands over her ears. The explosion was much quieter than she'd expected, the boom barely audible through her fingers. She removed them experimentally, pausing to ensure no further noises would come without warning. None did, so she approached the spot to inspect the messy hole that had been created. The edges of the stone were still cracking and falling off in chunks, but there were no signs that the whole roof might collapse. Unexpected anticipation gripped at her chest, suddenly eager to encounter the object they had all risked their lives to obtain. It better be good.
She hopped through the hole, landing lightly at the bottom. Slowly, she straightened herself to full height, her gaze fixed on the spherical contraption positioned proudly atop a pedestal in the center of the room. Although the dark red room didn't boast any visible lighting, a soft glow fell over the spot, somehow making the object all the more mystical. It was intriguing, she would have to admit. The surface was made of a dark brushed metal broken by an intricate pattern of swirling strategically-placed cracks that danced all the way around the orb. Captivating gold light floated through the crevices, very soft yet somehow shimmering unlike anything she'd seen before.
For a moment, she was so enamored by the artifact that she had lost awareness of everything else. Her wit returned all at once, making her blink a few times to restore concentration before snatching the orb from its perch. It was just small enough that her fingertips could almost touch around the object.
Since the wall between the chamber and the central area was so thick, she had to go down a short hallway to reach the heavily enforced door that had kept them from getting in. It began to open for her automatically since she was already inside the chamber. That was fortunate because she certainly didn't want to climb back onto the roof. The door took a moment to open due to all of the locks and mechanisms reorganizing themselves noisily inside it. Still, it opened before she could become impatient, no easy feat considering her antsy state of mind. Directly on the other side of it was Axel, who must have been waiting there. He appeared a bit more on edge than he had before.
“Got it,” she announced, taking her cloak from his hand and swiftly pulling it over her head.
He gently took the orb from her grasp as she pushed an arm through one of the garment's sleeves.
“Interesting thing, huh?”
She nodded as she hurriedly adjusted the cloak into its place. Now that they had the artifact, her bad feelings had only compounded. If they were caught, they would no longer just be intruders, but thieves. 
She pulled the orb from Axel's loose grip, interrupting his trance-like inspection of it.
“We've got to go,” she reminded him urgently.
He nodded in agreement as he regained focus, pulling a round communicator from his cloak.
“We made it. Everybody bail.”
Avaria slipped the orb into her cloak's pocket. 
“Anyone there?”
Avaria's gaze snapped to meet Axel's increasingly uncertain one. 
“We have the artifact, does anyone copy?” 
She shoved his finger off the button roughly.
“You don't know who's listening!” She hissed. “We have to go now!” 
After issuing him a firm shove in the direction of the stairwell, she passed him and started down the stairs, taking them two at a time- a difficult task considering the shortness of her legs and the tallness of Growloc stairs. 
She didn't pause to look back, but she could hear the clamor of Axel's footsteps, even over the hammering of her own heart. It felt like the flights of stairs had been multiplying since their last encounter with them. Nonetheless, in their haste, they reached the bottom in record time. They bolted through the open doorway and into the hallway, only to freeze in place a moment later. Their eyes met sharply, each mixed with realization and suppressed fear. 
From somewhere down the hallway, out of sight due to a corner, massive footfalls could be heard against the stone floors. The pair was only dumbfounded for an instant before they quickly burst into a full-speed run as though they'd been struck by lightning. 
Botch had stated, citing the same elusive source who provided the map, that there would be no guards left in the palace. In hindsight, as the memory popped into her brain along with jabs of resentment in her chest, she recalled how the creature had stared down at the map as though concentrating on it instead of meeting the eyes of his crew as he usually did when speaking. 
The two fleeing thieves turned one corner and then another, not slowing down until they burst accidentally into the empty throne room. They pressed themselves against the wall, crouched and tensed for action, although no amount of exertion could spare them if the Growloc patrol caught them. They listened for a moment, their breathing so noisy it sounded almost thunderous to Avaria. Somehow, beyond their tornado of gasps was deceptively tranquil silence. 
The guards were not behind them.
“You were right, someone was listening,” Axel admitted easily, slumping down against the wall.
She wished she hadn't been. It could only mean that somehow a Growloc had acquired one of their communications devices. The fate of that communicator's original owner couldn't be a good one.
“Well we can't go back that way,” Axel stated the obvious.
Avaria, who had recovered quickly from their sprint, reached out a hand to help haul the man to his feet. The Growloc had intercepted their planned escape route. There were only a handful of weaknesses in the building's solid structure, and each pair had been assigned a path utilizing one of these vulnerabilities in the hope that someone would make it through. 
“Hey, the throne room was in Jolo and Larsk's route,” she recalled aloud.
After her experience on Chorlea, when she'd gotten lost without the three Growloc to guide her to the foundation where they were meant to spend the last day, she paid much more attention to the route planning.
The massive corridor with its high vaulted ceilings was quite impressive, and if she wasn't in such a hurry, she might allow herself a few moments to enjoy it. 
Instead, she strode down the intricately patterned orange carpet strip and passed right by an ornate, solid black set of thrones at the end of it. At the back of the room, in the left corner, was an arched red door.
“This way,” she whisper-yelled with more force than necessary before realizing Axel was right behind her. 
“We can catch up to them,” she added. 
Although she couldn't be compelled to admit it, she was glad they had been driven off their predetermined path. Her sense of pending doom had only increased when they'd been unable to reach the other members of the crew. She wasn't concerned about the Chibbis, despite the fact that they were a part of the team and each of them strengthened the effectiveness of the group, her distaste for them managed to outweigh her characteristic focus on the big picture. 
Jolo, however... in her moment of fear for him, it occurred to her that despite the impersonal disposition ingrained into her nature, she honestly considered the boy a friend. If they left this way, she would be more likely to find him and see if he was okay.
The pair scampered along at a brisk jog, conscious of the need to conserve their energy but also strongly motivated to hurry. Axel, who had not paid attention to the other pairs' instructions during route assignment, lagged a few paces behind as Avaria led the way. There was an opening just ahead on the right side of the corridor, a shortcut to the next hallway. 
She slowed her pace to enter the room, suddenly halting as she caught a glimpse of a tall, bulky gray mass inside. But it was too late; he had spotted her. One of the creature's hands reached towards his belt for a weapon, or perhaps a communicator, but it reached neither as Avaria launched herself at him. He stumbled when the full weight of the airborne Chorlak slammed into him. She shimmied around to the back of his uncooperative body, posting her feet on either of his hips in order to reach the tall being's neck. She wrapped an arm around it firmly, securing her wrist into place with her free hand. Still, she could barely maintain her chokehold when his massive hands closed around her forearm in an attempt to free himself. Although the warmth from the creature's palms caused a sensation that bordered on burning, she held firm.
He fell to one knee, struggling with the loss of air. Then without warning, he flung himself backward against the wall. A whistly shriek tore from her throat as she was crushed in between them, her grip weakened enough by her distraction that the Growloc easily flung her arms away and moved forward, leaving her to crumble onto the floor. He whirled around in an instant, reaching to his waistline for what was undoubtedly some type of pistol. A loud crack sounded in the room, and the Growloc suddenly hunched forward and wobbled a few steps.
With the creature now displaced to the side, she could see Axel, still holding the broken neck of the vase he had just slammed against her attacker's head. His face was written with a look of clear surprise as the beast rounded on him, failing to lose consciousness as Axel had expected him to.
Avaria sprung to her feet, and speedily surveyed her surroundings. A decorative sword was perched atop a stand on a nearby table. She grabbed its leathery hilt- the weapon was heavy, clunky, and Growloc-sized- then in a single continuous motion, she ran it through the exposed back of the Growloc before he could move.
Warmth spread across her fingers, calling a vision of Korbak to unwelcomely flutter through her mind before she could banish it. She hated the sensation.
The creature remained upright as she slowly released the hilt and stepped back. He toppled forward violently, hitting his knees with a loud 'thud.' Then he fell to the side, out of her line of sight. She didn't look at the corpse. 
“We have to go,” she urged calmly. 
She passed the fallen gray mass without a glance. To a spectator, her firmly neutral expression seemed cold, but she simply didn't want to pay much attention to the death. 
It was either him or her, she reminded herself. Growloc were the enemy. They had destroyed her planet and her race.
Maneuvering swiftly, she weaved between the various furnishings in the room. It appeared to be some sort of large sitting area. From the corner of her eye, she noticed a bit of something light green visible from where it lay behind a particularly long couch positioned near the middle of the room. She detoured, narrowly avoiding the corner of a short table as her line of sight remained fixed on the round thing she'd spotted.
She already knew what it was. As her view began to open up, four antennas could be seen protruding from it. Her heart began to pound as her face went slack, and her pace slowed with dread. Nonetheless, she forced her steps to continue, revealing more and more of the dead Chibbi. At last, she stood with a full view of the scene behind the couch. The creature was sprawled haphazardly, his clear, gel-like blood seeping from the bullet wounds on his chest. She barely cared; she couldn't spare the emotion. Behind the Chibbi was a small purple body. He lay on his side, facing away, the braid down the back of his head almost taunting her. She was struck with a heart-wrenching realization: his side wasn't moving with breath.  


Chapter 17


Avaria’s brows were so tense with the effort of stifling her reaction that it almost felt like they would merge into one. 
She stepped thoughtlessly over the Chibbi and rushed to Jolo's side, grabbing his shoulder to roll him over. His arm flopped limply, his dull eyes blaring into the distance. She rubbed two fingers desperately across the side of his neck, searching for some sign of a pulse. His flesh was hard and cold, too cold. 
Her head lolled forward in dismay, her lips parting in a silent gasp as her hands went slack from where they'd grasped her friend. She blinked firmly at the thick, blurry layer that formed over her eyes. When her vision cleared, the only reward for her efforts was the sight of a dark red splotch on his cloak, where a bullet had lodged into his abdomen. 
A sound split through the air. It was a loud grumbly Growloc voice, somewhat mechanical as it traveled through the dead guard's communicator. 
“We've gotta go,” Axel prodded, placing a hand on her shoulder.
An animalish growl ripped through her throat as she snatched away from his touch, a snarl distorting her upper lip. 
He drew back, the offending hand raised slightly in placating surrender. The aggression slipped quickly from her features; he wasn't the one responsible. 
Sound flooded through the communicator again, this time with a questioning note detectable even despite the gruffness of the voice. Avaria quickly righted herself to full height, her composure fixed back into place. She didn't really blame the Growloc. They had only done precisely what she'd expected them to do: defend their homeworld. It was Botch who she deemed worthy of resentment. He was the one who had sent a child into harm's way. He was willing to sacrifice her young friend for his own selfish gain. 
She pushed passed Axel and charged into the hallway. They were near to completing their escape. Her pace slowed to a sustainable trot, but her blossoming wrath was reflected in the force behind every footfall. They turned corner after corner, her face hardening and relaxing as she fought to contain her emotions. 
They made a left turn, and suddenly she slammed into a tall body. She flexed and posted herself instantly, ready for a fight- but it was only a Chibbi. He stumbled from the impact causing the other Chibbi, who was leaning on him, to nearly fall before the two gathered themselves. She relaxed, her swirling emotions banished for an instant at the distraction. They returned quickly, although somewhat more muted than before, the moment she glanced at the injury that the Chibbi clutched on his side.
“Where is Larsk?” One asked.
She paused briefly in thought. There wasn't time to mince words and taken as she was in her own dark emotions, her regard for the creature's feelings was at an all-time low.
“He's dead.”
The creatures began to cackle dramatically at each other in their native tongue, their identical faces contorted in grief. 
“Hey,” she interrupted them evenly, “we have to move. I don't know about you, but I don't want to stand here and get killed.”
She fixed them each with a look of intense urgency before going around them. They cackled a bit more, quieter this time, then she heard their feet scuffle as they repositioned to follow her. They were too scared to protest. She cast a side-eyed glance at Axel, who'd jogged to catch up with her.
“What's your plan here?” He asked in a hushed voice, casting a glance at their lagging counterparts.
“My plan?” 
“They're slowing us down.”
Avaria spared a quick look at them over her shoulder. Axel was right. She huffed slightly, lips pursed as she was forced to consult her rather fluid moral compass. The first thought that assaulted her was the memory of her guilt when she'd left Jabic behind all those months ago. She cast another assessing look at the creatures. Somehow, she didn't think she would feel quite the same way abandoning them. Even as discouraged as the Chorlak were from forming meaningful connections with one another, she'd felt more attachment to Jabic than she ever had for the Chibbis. That was logical; Jabic was gruff but still infinitely more likable.
The same survival instinct that had pushed her through so much hardship kicked in, its callousness made even more prominent by the grief-ridden cloud that remained settled over her heart.
“Well, you're free to strand them here if you like.” The words came out with an air of confidence as if she weren't also hearing them for the first time. What had happened to her thoughts between her brain and her mouth?
Her eyes widened a bit at the statement made on a whim, but she now felt obligated to stand by it. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see Axel's features tightened in consideration. She didn't blame him. 
“How much farther?” He probed.
“Not far.”
He nodded, his face relaxing with decision. They fell silent as they inched their way through the last few hallways, the noisy shuffling of the injured Chibbi's feet the only sound to plague their ears. 
She tried to push her feelings away from the surface, as was her habit regarding inconvenient emotions. Her features became truly neutral as she consciously made her thought process conform to the practical, calculated standards of the Chorlak. 
Maybe this was why her kind discouraged any type of sentiment. They went to great lengths to plan and monitor everything down to the minutest detail, but emotions couldn't be scheduled or moderated.
Finally settling herself into the structured way of thinking, she was freed from the burden of masking the conflicting expressions that threatened to betray her. Even still, a deathly haze seemed to drift at the edges of her mind, balanced somewhere between vengeful and sorrowful.
They completed their trip with one final turn, mercifully evading the swarms of Growloc that no doubt combed the palace in search of them. To the right of the locked door promising their escape was a control room, also behind a locked door. The button to open the exit resided in that room. It was separated from the hallway only by a wall decorated with various cut-outs of all shapes and sizes forming a pattern. It was identical to the control room outside the door. The mercenaries hadn't known the exact dimensions of the cut-outs, so Botch assigned the member with the best chance of fitting through to this route... Jolo.
She rejected the thought, and all the feelings tied with it quickly. It was up to her to fit through now. Her eyes swept over the pattern, falling upon a nearly circular hole at her knee's height. It would be a close fit. She dropped to hands and knees and tried to push her upper body through, only to discover that her shoulders were too wide. A quiet grumble escaped her lips as she repositioned herself, maneuvering one shoulder and arm through before the other. The sides of the opening scraped against her ribs, and she barely managed to pull her hips through, but after a moment's struggle, she tumbled into the room on the other side, recovering with a graceful forward roll.
There was a large panel against the wall, covered with a host of screens and buttons. She couldn't imagine what could possibly require so many. Of course, the limited markings that likely described each button's function were written in pointy Growloc text. Jolo had memorized the location of the correct button, but she had no idea which it was. 
She sighed in exasperation as she surveyed her options, once again distracting herself from thoughts of the boy. 
“Hurry up you...” the uninjured Chibbi's statement deteriorated into what were no doubt scathing words in his native language. 
Her head whipped around as she growled at him sharply, her own aggression brewing too near the surface to tolerate the ill-natured creature. He silenced instantly. Returning her gaze to the panel, she got closer to it in order to assess each button better. They were running out of time; she was sure of it. She was preparing to begin button-pushing randomly and hope for the best when she noticed that the text was especially worn on one of the buttons. Her head cocked sideways in consideration. 
She slammed her hand down on it authoritatively and glanced through the patterned wall to evaluate the results. The exit door began to roll down in thin strips from top to bottom. She strode briskly to the metal door of the control room, which slid out of the way so quickly that she barely slowed down.
The exit door now lay in a roll, flush with the floor in the trough where it had collected. Axel was already out, and the Chibbis hobbled behind him. Avaria turned to face the hallway as she backed towards the still-occupied exit, searching vigilantly for any signs of a threat. 
There were no Growloc yet, but she was certain there soon would be. She glanced over her shoulder to find that the green men were now out of her way, then cast a final look down the hallway before turning to make her own escape. 
Outside, the clouds had covered the moon and cast the world into a gray, murky sort of darkness. 
“Well that makes me feel a lot better,” she mumbled sarcastically at the ghastly scenery. The others either didn't hear her or didn't respond. That was alright because the point of speaking was only to calm herself.
Her tongue flicked quickly against her fangs in discomfort. The deep, powerful tones of the festival's music had ceased, and now the entire planet was horribly silent. 
As they made their way to the back of the palace where Botch was supposed to retrieve them, Avaria felt like their footsteps were loud enough to be heard by every Growloc ear on Gorva, especially those of the injured Chibbi who shuffled along so noisily it sounded as though he were dragging a broken sled.
They slipped through the column border at the back and into the street, where they were forced to wait in the open for Botch. Avaria glared into the maze of stumpy misshapen Growloc buildings in front of her. The hair on the back of her neck suddenly rose in anticipation. She pulled her hood lower even though it did no good now that the brutes knew of their presence. 
All at once, blinding light consumed her eyeballs, and murderous gravelly voices sounded from every direction. She peeked through her firmly tensed lids, still barely able to see the hoard of Growloc pouring into the street from between buildings.
“On your knees, thieves!” One called in the human tongue. 
She complied, hands raised, remembering the searing pain that had assaulted her shoulder when she'd been shot there. She was beyond eager to avoid the sequel, although, with slightly more consideration, she would have likely deemed herself better dead than a captive to the violent Growloc. A figure stepped in front of the retina-searing light, allowing her to focus on it.
He was huge, the biggest Growloc she'd ever seen. Was he the king? She'd never seen him before or even heard much about him, but based on her knowledge of Growloc nature, she doubted he was friendly. Her heart started to thrum faster as reality began to sink in- they were trapped. There was nowhere to run. Most of her life had centered around narrowly avoiding her demise; she had a good bit of experience with evading death. Yet she now seemed out of options, like she had abruptly reached the end of her strand of luck. 
She had never felt so out of control. If she even moved an inch, she would be shot. Her heart started to beat faster, and she couldn't stop it. She was panicking. She'd never truly experienced such a dominating sensation before, but in past instances, there was always something to focus on, some plan to formulate or a goal to execute. 
Her lips moved silently as she tried to coach herself through the fear to no avail. She didn't even know what words her mouth was forming; it was like her mind had broken in two, one side trying to calm her and make her think logically while the other insisted that everything was terrible and they were all going to die.
Something fairly large descended suddenly from the sky, all angry red and bright orange. It landed in front of them, blocking the light entirely. Hope widened her eyes as her short breaths caught in her throat. It was a very familiar Growloc fighter jet. She could see the Growloc Warriors gathered on either side of them, still a reasonable distance away but skeptically approaching the vessel with looks of confusion as they wondered what to make of their own jet's unsummoned appearance.
The door opened, slower than it ever did before, and behind it was Botch, drawn to full height. Her first reaction was overwhelming relief as the warring sides of her mind could finally reconverge as one, but with the return of her sanity, resentment quickly fizzled in her chest like hot grease. Her anger, however, was not nearly enough for her to reject the assistance. She sprinted up the few steps leading into the jet with Axel on her heels, and both turned to drag the limping Chibbi up as quickly as possible. 
Deceptively quiet thumps pelted the metal paneling outside the ship as the creatures opened fire.
“Ye've got it?” Cap'n Botch yelled questioningly from the cockpit.
“Yes, go!” She called, still clutching the Chibbi's arm.
The vessel lurched sharply, making them all fall into a flailing heap as though top-heavy. 
It was difficult, as the ground beneath them snatched with every dip and sharp turn, but Avaria stumbled to the front and braced herself against the backrest of the pilot's seat to see, her composure fully reformed. 
They were high above the ground, possibly too high as she'd learned the last time she was in the jet. Sparks from the atmosphere flashed across the windshield, forcing them to dive down despite the growing collection of jets on the radar behind them. Bars of fiery red zoomed past the windshield- no, it was actual fire, she realized, noticing the smoke that trailed behind each shot.
“Where are we going?” She yelled over the deafening roar of air rushing across the jet.
She certainly hoped he wasn't fleeing aimlessly.
“'round what size're Growloc in'erplanet ships?” 
Her fists grasped more tightly as they made a hard right, almost knocking her to the floor.
“Really big!” She answered, remembering the huge ships she'd seen leaving Chorlea. “Maybe the size of a small moon.”
“Seein' if we get ta' our ship,” he paused and grunted as he swerved left to miss a particularly high building, “'tis small 'nough ta' outrun 'em.”
He pulled up sharply, making Avaria lose her grip and tumble backward with her earrings jingling in her ear. The others had managed to strap themselves into the chairs lining either side of the jet, which was not a bad idea. 
She clawed her way into a seat and fumbled with the straps, barely managing to fasten them before she was thrown forward, making the thin strips of material dig briefly into her hips and shoulders. Panic gurgled in her chest once again as she was left with no actions of her own to take, all she could do was hope Botch knew what he was doing. This time she was able to stay in control of herself by focusing on maintaining a calm outward appearance. 
Her neck stretched forward as far as the restrictions would allow her, still desperate to see what was happening. It was orangy-bright outside now, they must be over the lava lake. The radar screen was hidden from her view, but she could see the blasts still soaring past the windshield. They were a reliable indicator that they hadn't lost their followers. 
For several minutes, they soared over the lava as fast as the vessel could move, continuing to jerk sharply in all directions in an effort to make themselves a more difficult target. The fiery bullets seemed to be missing by less every moment, and Avaria's fists clenched tighter and tighter around the straps at her shoulders. 
They suddenly lurched forward so hard her ear almost hit her shoulder as a boom sliced through her head. She didn't understand what had happened for an instant, the ringing in her ears somehow muddling her thoughts. Her brows wrinkled in confusion as she turned her head towards the back of the jet- they were on fire. 
The vessel began to jiggle unsteadily in a way it hadn't before. The Chibbis, who were nearest the flames, clawed at their straps to free themselves. Avaria followed suit, despite the immediate realization that even if they were out of their seats, they could do little to escape the flames.
The air heated in record time, and sweat began to prickle under her skin. She fell sideways, barely catching herself as they began to drop, then halt a few moments later with a loud metallic clang. Her eyes shot to the windshield. They were inside their ship's hanger. 
Everyone rushed for the jet's door.
“Hold it!” Came Botch's roaring voice, “Hanger's pressurizin'!”
They halted in their tracks to watch Botch stare at a remote device strapped to his wrist. Avaria's lips parted to gasp more efficiently as the air became nearly unbreathable. 
“Now!”
The uninjured Chibbi slammed the button over the door, making it fold outward into stairs. No one waited for the mechanism to complete its task, instead choosing to leap out as soon as their bodies could fit. 
“D'press' rize the hanger ta' choke it!” Botch called as he galloped away on all fours, bound for the cockpit. 
The crew quickly clamored to their feet and scampered away from the crackling flames. Even the injured Chibbi managed to stumble a few paces on his own before the other one came to help him. 
Axel and Avaria rushed into the hallway, waiting for the other creatures impatiently. They didn't have to wait long, and as soon as they were through the door, Axel began typing into the keypad mounted to the left of the doorframe. The rickety door began sliding towards a close, only to grind to a halt two-thirds of the way through. Axel beat a palm against it harshly, successfully urging it the rest of the way. A hissing sound, so loud it was almost explosive, filled their ears for a moment as air was released from the hanger. The ruckus faded slowly to silence as the task neared completion.
Avaria stood on her tiptoes to peek through the door's window: the fire was no more than dwindling billows of smoke. She let out a breath of relief, flopping back against the wall.
“Well that's one crisis averted.” Axel pointed out perkily.
He gave the door a sort of 'job-well-done' pat as he straightened himself. In the ensuing silence, they could hear the soft hammering of fiery bullets hitting the exterior of their ship. It was likely strong enough to hold, at least for a while. 
The Chibbis hobbled away in the direction of the supply room, where their limited medical equipment lived. Avaria and Axel both set off at a brisk trot towards the cockpit. 
When they got there, the ship was already nearing the atmosphere. The pounding from outside became less frequent and then halted as the fighter jets were forced to peel away. If they could only get beyond the range of the planet's scanners and artillery, they'd be home free.
Familiar tongues of red and orange flames flashed across the windshield. Fortunately, the Growloc's defense systems were made only to target incoming vessels. The creatures didn't expect anyone to get this far in an attempt to escape from their planet.
It was a flaw that was likely being rectified as they spoke, and without the Growloc jet attached to their ship, there was nothing to hide them from the massive Growloc cannons. The fire soon cleared away from their windshield, replaced with a sea of black. 
Avaria only tore her gaze away from the scene for a moment when the door clanked open for the Chibbis to enter. The injured one, now sporting some sort of round mechanical contraption over his bullet hole, seemed much better.
“Incomin'!”
A light started to flash on the panel, bringing with it a piercing siren. Stars whizzed by outside the glass so fast she couldn't tell where one ended and another began. Botch tilted the floating steering wheel forward, urging the already maxed-out ship to move just a little faster.
The siren's calls became more piercing, so loud that Avaria might have covered her ears if she weren't busy clutching the low hanging pipe.
“Wer' outta range!” Botch shouted to make his grumbly voice heard over the siren. 
He twisted the wheel slightly, coaxing the ship to the left. Several huge missiles soared by them, lost without the scanners to guide them. The alarm's final ring faded away. For a moment, all was silent.
Suddenly, she was struck by the appeal of performing such dangerous stunts. They had bested the Growloc. The emotional roller coaster of it was oddly thrilling. The storm of stifled emotions within her dissipated for an instant as a disbelieving chuckle emerged choppily from her lips. They had done it. The sound quickly bloomed into a full laugh of gleeful elation, quickly joined by her equally enthusiastic crewmates, even the Chibbis. She withdrew the small orb from her pocket, then tossed it up and caught it victoriously. Axel wrapped an arm around her shoulders, squeezing her roughly before moving on to pat Botch on the back. 
The seven of them had stolen from the Growloc. The lively expression on her face froze in place before slowly melting away at the thought. Seven. There were only five now. She sighed, studying the object in her hand. 
The sounds of her fellow thieves, still invigorated by their success, faded into a fuzzy murmur that barely penetrated her mind. The data orb was pretty, captivating even. It was, supposedly, an ancient method of storing large amounts of information. She wondered exactly how much it was worth. It couldn't be worth the lives it had cost, at least not to her. But, then again, Chorlak weren't very materialistic anyway. 


Chapter 18
 

Avaria knelt on the floor of a small closet with a cot, surrounded by Jolo's few belongings, which were mostly some form of sketch pads. There was no sign of the tech he told her he'd been stealing; he had likely hidden it somewhere. It didn't matter now. She was temporarily distracted from the task of packing his things into a box as she thumbed through his thickest leather-bound sketchbook. It was somewhat an intrusion, she knew, but she was so busy ignoring her emotions that she barely registered it.
She had wrangled the worst of her grief into submission, storing it away as a strange darkness that brewed under the surface where she didn't have to acknowledge it. What she was still experiencing was well tamed, but noticeable anger at Botch, who she blamed.
The quickly turning pages were halted when she caught a glimpse of a face, the only one amidst the collection of planets and stars. It was her own. It looked happier and lighter than she tended to envision herself. Somehow, seeing herself from her dead friend's eyes brought the slightest of smiles to her lips. She traced a finger around the outline of the drawing reverently.
"Knock knock."
She glanced up to find Axel leaning against the door frame with his arms casually crossed. She forced the brief appearance of a friendly half-smile as she snapped the book shut and tucked it into the box.
"Why didn't you want to leave the Chibbis? You know they've hated you since we drug you outta that fighter." He paused, staring thoughtfully as he considered sharing more information. "You know, one of them was very near to shooting you while you were unconscious. As to which one, your guess is as good as mine. And you're quite welcome, by the way, for stopping that." He gave an overdramatized bow.
She couldn't help but grin, even though there was still a weighted sort of sadness in her features. Her lips parted to release a sigh as she considered his question, the small vest in her hands lingering halfway into the box. Her gaze became unfocused as she combed her mind for an answer.
"I just don't really know." She continued to stare for a moment, waiting for some full explanation to form in her head, but it didn't.
Her brows twitched noncommittal as she focused again on what she was doing, half wishing he would leave her alone but also partially glad she wasn't left with only her thoughts for company.
"It's kinda odd," he mused, "I've heard a little about you blue things here and there," he leaned forward as if sharing a secret, "Apparently, you're kinda a big deal in this quadrant. They say you're pretty icy little devils."
He paused for an answer, but she only quirked a brow at him, amusement again briefly overpowering the tightness in the pit of her gut.
"Even heard stories about how just a handful of Chorlak Warriors conquered a small planet all by themselves. It was all anyone could talk about."
"Sounds right," she admitted. She wasn't entirely sure if she should be proud or not. Her race was powerful; she already knew that. They were also kind of bullies, a fact she could discern now that she could consider them more objectively.
"Cap'n's office," the injured but recovering Chibbi summoned them as he passed by the room.
It was Rech, who she could now distinguish from the other one due to his still-stunted gait.
She sprung to her feet as Axel straightened himself to follow the Chibbi, who'd already continued down the hallway. Her stomach tightened a bit with resentment at the thought of seeing Botch's face. Regardless, she hurried her pace to keep up with Axel's long strides towards the Captain's office.
When they arrived, both Chibbis were there, and Botch stood in front of his cluttered desk with his arms folded.
"Now that all's 'ere," he uncrossed his arms, "Tha' Collect 'r 'as contacted us."
The Chibbis nodded approvingly, but Avaria couldn't tear her narrowed gaze away from Botch. He seemed free of remorse for the crew members lost; he only cared about what this Collector would pay him.
"Wev' come ta' 'n e'rrangement." Botch glanced at her as he said these words, only to snatch his eyes away a moment later.
Her brow crinkled skeptically at him, eyes narrowing a bit more. How odd.
"Wer' ta' meet up with 'is ship four 'ours frem now."
Avaria tore her eyes away from Botch in favor of gauging the room's reaction to the Captain's behavior. Her gaze was only on the Chibbis briefly, she doubted they cared to analyze others' non-verbal cues. Axel, however, wouldn't look at her, even though he was positioned in a way that he could see her watching him from the corner of his eye. His face didn't change, but he shifted away from her, his arms crossing defensively.
She folded her own arms as her line of sight fell to the floor, a strange feeling settling over her as she tried to decipher the odd atmosphere that had taken the Captain's office. Unable to find any meaning behind the shift, she fixed her stare back on Botch, morphing her confused expression into confidence.
"You owe me a cruiser," she reminded him, "that was our agreement."
He nodded slowly, his jaw working at a lump of tobacco.
"Aft' r we geht paid."
She maintained her imposing gaze another moment before dismissing herself from the gathering. Although she couldn't decipher the scheming undertone of the meeting, she had a bad sense about it. The sooner she got away from Botch and his greed, the healthier she expected to be.

Hours later, she stood at a window watching the Collector's massive cruise ship grow larger. It was sleek, silver, and practically oozed luxury from the gold trim around the windows to the sheer size of the vessel. She didn't like it. It was too... immaculate? She couldn't quite put her finger on it, but she was eager for their business to be complete. 
The closer they got to it, the smaller the mercenary ship felt. With a pang of sadness, she thought that Jolo would have loved looking at it.
Pixel was nestled into her torso wrap alongside her dagger, and thus, all of her possessions were on her person. Even the communicator ring Jolo had given her, which was useless now, remained on her finger. 
The box containing the boy's things was in her bunk. After she left the mercs behind her, she intended to visit Fawsni and, if possible, give the box to the boy's mother. Doing so served no practical purpose; it only seemed like the right thing to do, a concept that was starting to matter to her. As of late, she had begun to hold the logical part of her brain in less and less regard. Judging by the rather expansive host of misfortunes she had so far encountered, it wasn't serving her much anyway.
She tapped the fingers of her crossed arms against her elbows as she rested her forehead against the cool glass. The Chorlak part of her brain was still present enough to insist that she wasn't attached to Jolo, that he had only been an ally she needed. She allowed this mentality to take root, even encouraged it in herself, as it spared her from losing yet another important thing in her life. Nonetheless, she was sadder inside than she could recall being in quite some time, like somewhere there was a tank containing all of her liveliness, and it had sprung a leak.
A door slid upward on the Collector's ship to reveal the hanger, and although it appeared more than large enough for the mercenary vessel to fit through, it looked small compared to the rest of the massive cruiser. The ground under her trembled a bit as they entered, adjusting to the artificial gravity inside before coasting gently to the ground. She couldn't see much of the hanger from her current vantage point, but the small stretch of silver metal wall beyond the window was certainly very shiny.
Losing interest, she decided to relocate to the lounge area, where she would wait for Botch to finish his deal. She had no intentions of exiting onto the Collector's ship, only to wait for the trade to be completed. She sprawled on a well-worn couch in silence for several minutes, idly twirling the ring around her finger.
"Not going to explore?" Axel asked as he entered, all signs of his previous unease vanished. "I've heard some pretty wild stories about this ship; it's like a floating party." He plopped down beside her, a hexagonal flask in each hand. "You would love it," he deadpanned sarcastically.
"I don't think I see fun in exactly the same way you do," she mused, tugging up one side of her lips nonchalantly. 
He returned her lop-sided grin, offering one of the flasks.
"You know I don't drink that stuff." She sighed, smile faltering. "I do a fine job making bad decisions all by myself."
"It's Talivine juice."
She eyed it with mock-criticism, brow raised. "Is that an explanation, or...?"
"The Collector sent in a bunch of them. It's from some kind of expensive fruit from..." He paused, features drawn in thought. "Tavia? Tavila? Taleh... Telehea?"
She smirked, finally halting his hopeless word search by pulling the flask from his loose grip. Upon unscrewing the lid, she found that the contents were bright blue and not at all unappealing. She held it under her nose and took a deep breath. There were no signs of fermentation. 
An experimental sip later, she was impressed with the sweet, yet sour liquid and proceeded to take a larger swig of it.
"What do you want?" The harshness of her words was offset by the friendly, albeit dreary, half-smile still on her face.
She didn't exactly mind the company, but she wanted to know. He shrugged lightly, although she thought she saw a flash of guilt shoot across his features. It was gone so fast she quickly doubted she'd seen it at all.
"Just visiting," he took a sip from his own juice flask, "I guess you plan on leaving as fast as you can after this, eh?"
She nodded, taking another drink of juice.
"I don't trust Botch." Another sip. "Don't like him much either," she added after a moment's consideration.
"He's kind of an acquired taste."
There was a moment of silence as she finished off the contents of her flask.
"You didn't really answer my question," she probed, her tone more serious than her casual expression.
"You can't believe I just wanted to see your pretty smile before you leave?" He inquired charmingly.
She rolled her eyes, almost irritated that he had managed to lift her mood. How dare he. Still, she was in a dark place, and through it, she couldn't be convinced his intentions were so innocent.
"Everything everyone does is for some hidden reason," she mused, the conviction that had formed somewhere in her subconscious tumbling through her lips without first passing through her brain.
Was it simply the nature of all living creatures to use others for their own gain? She wasn't entirely sure if she genuinely believed that or not, but it was certainly something to consider. If nothing else, it aligned with her experiences up to that point.
Axel shrugged. 
"Well, maybe you're wrong," he countered gently, leaning towards her a bit.
"Ha," she chuckled humorlessly, not yet noticing the shift in the air between them as she glanced away from him.
"My instincts have never misguided me; I've only gone wrong in ignoring them." She wore a friendly half-smile as she spoke, but saying the words aloud was unexpectedly depressing. 
Her eyes caught his again- they were much closer than she realized. The proximity didn't irritate her as it had with Korbak. Instead, her mind halted for a moment. The logical part of her brain, despite being ignored with increasing frequency, somehow managed to claw its way to the surface to analyze the situation. Perhaps she allowed it only because she was in unfamiliar territory and needed more input. 
She was aware that similar species would sometimes form personal relationships. It was not, however, something practiced by Chorlak, who barely even became attached to one another when assigned as mates, much less any other creatures. She couldn't afford such a prejudice. There were no more Chorlak to become involved with. She was hit with the realization that she didn't want to be alone forever; it made her sad.
Axel was the first creature she had met who, like her, chose to interact with the world in a relaxed, witty sort of way. She'd felt a kinship with him since she'd first picked up on his personality, which so starkly contrasted the serious, non-emotive creatures she had spent the majority of her life with.
All of these thoughts swished through her head in an instant before either party could begin to move closer. The tension became heavy in the air- but suddenly, she stood to her feet, shattering the moment's intensity. There was something behind his eyes, an odd sort of twitch to his brow, that drove her to pull away from him. She couldn't quite decipher it, and the cause was more than her lack of familiarity with human features. Guilt? Greed? Uncertainty? It wasn't right, and for once, she yielded to her instincts' council. 
She was leaving anyway, she remembered, no longer swept away in the moment.
"I'm going to go see if the Captain is back," she announced as though nothing had happened, a long-forgotten whistly tone slipping into her words as her brain still worked to recover fully.
Her eyes remained on her torso wrap, which she adjusted although it didn't need it. 
Stop doing that! She ordered her fingers, snatching them away as though burned, then fidgeting them at her sides. Was she always so awkward, or was that new?
The warm furry bundle against her skin shifted a bit but seemed to fall back asleep without emerging to complain. Wuffles apparently tended to wake for only a couple of hours each day.
She took a couple of steps toward the door, then halted. A few sparks trickled across her vision. She didn't even realize she was wobbling until she had to take a step back to avoid falling.
"Hmm," she mumbled aloud inquisitively, her coherence dwindling. She felt nauseous. The room had started swirling about, and she was sure that was a bad sign.
"You," her brows crinkled with offense, but not anger, at least not yet. "You drugged me!" 
"Yeah, I did do that," he admitted. His voice wasn't smug, but it was only tinged with the slightest bit of an apology. "Boss' orders." 
She started to stumble, and he caught her shoulders, guiding her back onto the couch.
"This kinda thing is an occupational hazard, really. Sorry sweetheart." 
She couldn't tell exactly where his face was at this point. Still, she gave her best efforts to glaring at it with every ounce of harshness in her being, desperately struggling to hurry her mind from the vulnerability of hurt to the hard barrier anger provided.
"The Collector wants you, you're quite unique now," he explained.
His face was blurry, but she thought the small grin on his face was pitying, perhaps tinged with a touch of sympathy.
"You told him about Chorlea." Her speech had started to slur, and she was confident that her head was wobbling like a newborn's. 
She was, however, pleased to find that she still possessed the motor skills to smirk at him in a hateful sort of way that she hoped would cover the pain blossoming from the wound of his betrayal. 
"Well congratu... lations," she struggled to produce the words around her panting, "you're now my least favorite person... in the galaxy." Anger no longer had to be feigned; it now bubbled up in her chest unbounded. "You better look over your shoulder a lot. One day I'm gonna be there... and... that'll be a... a... real bad day for... um... you. For you."
She wasn't entirely sure she'd managed to voice her snarky threat entirely out loud, or even if she'd said it in a language he'd understand, but it would have to do. Her mind wasn't working well enough to decide whether or not she even meant it. All she was aware of was vengeance, partly directed towards herself. How could she have been used again? 
Her head lolled back, and dark patches rushed around her vision like loose marbles. She was vaguely aware that Axel was speaking, but the content of his words was anyone's guess. The last thing she was aware of was a hand, presumably his, patting her jaw in a way that almost felt affectionate. Her head snatched forward as her neck muscles gave up their part of the fight, and she plunged into darkness. 

Consciousness seeped into her brain groggily with her eyes still closed. She was positioned on her side. The ground was hard and cold. 
How unpleasant, she thought.
A recollection of what happened pieced together slowly in her mind's eye, a sinking feeling spreading through her being as it did. She had become a target of someone else's scheme. Again. She wondered if she was betrayed so often because she was unusually naive, or if she had worse than average luck. Maybe it was some mix of both.
Her eyes parted slowly, unwilling to see whatever misfortune was beyond her lids. Bright stripes of vertical light cut across her vision, which didn't seem normal, but she still wasn't alert enough to focus on them. She realized all at once that she was in some sort of cage. In an explosive movement, she popped up onto her feet- far too fast, if the rapidly spinning room was any indication. 
"Ah, she is awake!" An intrigued, theatrical sort of voice pulled her attention. 
Through red constrictor beams, her vision cleared upon a narrow-faced human, who looked as fascinated as a child studying a brand-new toy. 
"You can call me the Collector," he informed her in his flowery voice, tapping his fingertips together eagerly.
She stepped to the bars quickly, bringing his attention to her face so she could point her aggressive stare directly into his eyes. Despite her initial observation that the creature was human, he was unlike any she'd seen before, although that wasn't many. His skin couldn't have been paler if he was dead, and one of his eyes was green while the other was an odd sort of blue. Perhaps it was bionic? His hair was short but dyed in alternating stripes of black and blond.
 "Well, that's not a very interesting name," she noted.
He had positioned himself fairly close to her cage, so she stood face to face with him, only held back by the bars. Drawing her brows together just slightly intensified her gaze as a choppy, unforewarned growl tore from her throat. He stumbled back a bit in surprise, his formerly clasped hands withdrawing as though burned. He attempted to cover the startled movement by tugging at the silver hem of his vest. It was a minute victory, but she smirked in satisfaction anyway. To her surprise, the small cylindrical prison she stood in started to move, keeping pace with the Collector after he straightened himself and began to walk away. The cell seemed to be levitating.
"I assure you, all of my friends live very comfortable lives here." 
"Ha." The sound was bitter, reflecting her feelings within, which almost seemed like they could become blinding if she paid too much attention to them. "That is absolutely fantastic," she stated, defaulting on the nonchalant persona that provided her the most stability. "I would be more comfortable if you would kindly die or something."
It came naturally for her to behave this way, making it easier to push her hurt and anger behind the mask and rid herself of such distracting emotions.
The Collector's face twitched slightly in amusement at her words. Well, if there was any consolation for her, it was that he at least had a sense of humor.
They were in a terribly white hallway; everything from the long stripe of bright light down either wall to the tiles on the floor was the same bland color. Avaria didn't like it.
"There are over two-hundred rare species such as yourself aboard this ship," the Collector bragged, "although, admittedly, none the last of their kind."
She pursed her lips with a pang of irritation at the reminder.
"You know, this ship was originally built by the Faw nearly four-hundred and fifty years ago, during a particularly oppressive turn of captivity. It took them over one-hundred years to complete it, limited as their access to resources was, naturally..." 
Avaria sighed as she averted her attention away from him. He hadn't even stopped to breathe yet. A brief image of the man passing out from lack of oxygen popped into her mind, lending her an instant of amusement in spite of herself.
Just ahead, there seemed to be another hallway forking off to the right. They didn't turn down it, but she glimpsed a row of bars made from some type of white metal. Of course, it had to be white. 
From her limited perspective, she couldn't see any of the creatures inside the cages, but some animalish huffs and grunts indicated that at least some of them were occupied.
She kept her face neutral, but her eyeline slid downwards along with her front of confidence and her soul. Was it her destiny to pass her life like one of those creatures? Even in the Marred facility, at least she'd had something resembling hope. 
She thought of Axel, her feelings towards him settling somewhere near acceptance. If there was one thing she was good for, it was her ability not to dwell on strong emotions for very long. Her residual anger mostly directed itself inwards. After what had happened with Zileca, she had been well equipped to see the signs. He had done what was best to serve himself. She should have expected it.
Her neck straightened as her head turned to face forward, taken with a new bout of purpose. This was no different than anything; she was determined, and she would survive, end of story. There was really no life waiting for her after she escaped, but she refused to give up on her existence because of how the mercenaries had betrayed her. She would beat this even if it were only out of spite. It seemed to her like as good a motivation as any.
The Collector was still yammering, unaware that his words bounced meaninglessly through her skull like boring background music. What did catch her attention was the tall set of double doors not far ahead. Her host silenced before them in order to type at a keypad on their right. After a moment's typing, a small robotic arm with a tiny camera on the end emerged from a small hole above it. The man crouched down to bring his face near to it, then waited as the camera cast a grid-like pattern of green light over his eye. 
It beeped approvingly before withdrawing, and the Collector straightened himself, tugging his vest forward by the lapels. The doors opened rather ordinarily, swinging inward to reveal what looked like some sort of laboratory. 
Avaria stepped forward in her cell, intrigued. The room wasn't especially large, but it was quite tall, with a pair of tables positioned to the left and right of the doorway and a third one near the back wall. On the two tables nearest the door was an array of very technical-looking devices and a few screens containing numbers and some sort of writing, although the words were long and foreign to her. She recalled from her father's language book that these letters were another less common way of writing the human tongue. 
The obsessive theme of white even carried over to the room's hoard of neatly ordered machines, but what really caught her attention was the table at the back of the room. 
The data orb sat atop it on a pedestal with tiny circular devices arranged all over it. Avaria stared at it through eyes squinted with intrigue as she noticed that the circles, which must have been arranged with tweezers, were positioned in swirling lines that traced the orb's crevices.
"Tawra, dear, are we ready?" 
Avaria's eyes were drawn back to the Collector at the sound of his voice. She hadn't noticed the woman standing near the back corner of the room at first, but she strongly resembled the Collector. Her flesh was equally pale, and although her hair was long, it possessed the same black and blond coloration and was all slicked back from her face, held in place as though by magic. Her eyes were both green and strangely piercing as they met her own. The woman, Tawra, turned to the Collector, and they exchanged a kiss on both cheeks.
Avaria's head tilted a bit as she watched them. She wondered idly if her initial diagnosis of human was incorrect, or if this was just a particularly unusual colony of them.
"Yes, everything is in place." Tawra strode to one of the screens and began tapping at it determinedly.
"What is she doing here?" The woman's aggressive gaze snapped up from the screen in favor of looking Avaria up and down judgmentally- perhaps with a tinge of jealousy?
Avaria returned the sweeping assessment somewhat mockingly, as that was her first reaction. Tawra noticed and scoffed, her lip curling briefly.
"Our guest," the Collector stated almost defensively, "helped make this incredible opportunity possible."
He positioned himself behind Tawra, rubbing her upper arms so slowly that the gesture was rather creepy and unnatural. The woman seemed wholly unbothered by it, however, as she never faltered in her staring contest with Avaria.
The Chorlak maintained a relaxed posture, an almost bored look on her features as she waited to see what would happen. 
"Shall we begin?" The Collector spoke near the woman's ear in a low tone.
Avaria smirked with a slight yet not too assertive sense of victory that the woman would be forced to surrender their glare-down. Tawra's lips hardened in irritation, but she looked back down to whatever she was doing on her screen.
Having won, Avaria was free to turn back to the orb. The little devices stuck to it were white, which was very on brand, but as she stared at them, she realized they were starting to glow.
"There are only six in existence," said the Collector, who she'd heard approaching her although she wasn't looking.
She didn't much care how many there were, but his words did rouse a strand of curiosity: where was the sixth one? The Growloc only had five.
"The true worth of the orb is far beyond what that brutish creature, Botch, could have ever imagined."
The intricate pieces that made up the shell of the data orb began to quiver, no doubt the work of the glowing discs. The Collector emerged into her peripheral vision as he stepped closer to the object he held in such high regard.
"Quite mesmerizing, isn't it?"
Avaria pulled her gaze away from the object to glance at the Collector, who was completely enamored. His face was stricken with such awe that she half-suspected he would soon begin sacrificing to the thing.
"The gold light comes from the Crymphix crystal inside of it, powering it."
As if it knew it was being talked about, the light became brighter, reclaiming her attention. It was a soft sort of brightness that wasn't hard to look at.
"Where do they come from?" She wasn't as captivated by the glow as he was, but it was appealing enough that she wanted to know more about it, despite the more pressing issue of being a prisoner. 
"They come from Cri-feek," he answered without having to think.
"My kind, the Feekan, resided there along with the Cryle hundreds of years ago before it was destroyed by the Growloc, as fate would have it." He tilted his head a bit, never taking his eyes off the orb. "You and I are alike in that way, worldless." 
Avaria's lip quirked with mild insult in response. She was many things, but creepy wasn't one of them.
"This is remarkable," Tawra stated almost reverently, drawing the Chorlak's gaze to her wide-eyed face.
The woman wasn't looking at the orb. The cause of her slight spike in enthusiasm seemed to be on the screen in front of her. 
"It's started... pulsing," she whispered as if speaking louder would be too much of an interruption.
"I can't even measure it; I can't tell how far it reaches... it's unlike anything, absolutely anything I've ever seen!" She finally glanced at the Collector, but her scientific intrigue appeared to be lost on him as his focus hadn't faltered.
"Pulsing how?" Avaria asked, drawing the woman's attention.
Tawra seemed excited about the discovery, but Avaria couldn't help but feel like it was a bad thing. The striped-haired creature considered her for a moment, her face hard in critical deliberation, but finally, she decided to be pleased that at least someone in the room was interested in her observation.
"I don't know; it's like... energy? Some form of light? If I could just run some simulations, I might be able to measure just how far-"
"Yes, yes, yes, but the Crystal, can you extract the Crystal?" The man finally glanced at his scientist, and although Avaria couldn't see his face, she guessed it was one of impatience or annoyance judging by Tawra's reaction to it.
"Yes," she informed him through tight lips, clearly disappointed by his narrow view.
"But it will take more time, the bond between the shell and the crystal is-"
"Spare me the details," he held up his hand. "Inform me when you've made progress."
She nodded curtly.
"Chin up, dear," he rounded the table, "I know you won't disappoint me; you never have!" He kissed her on the cheek, which she didn't resist but hardly seemed to appreciate, before striding towards the door.
"Oh, one more thing," he whirled back around, "send our guest to one of the suites."
He unstrapped a device from his wrist and tossed it to the woman with disinterest before completing his exit. Apparently, in his disappointment, he'd lost interest in Avaria, which suited her just fine.
Tawra huffed and fastened the device onto her wrist.
"Well, he sure is a winner," Avaria stated through a smirk, her tone leaning towards sarcasm.
The woman didn't answer other than a short glance, but her expression did briefly resemble agreement. Avaria didn't mind the silence. She'd only spoken for the fun of it. The cage started moving again, following Tawra out of the room.
For some reason, Avaria's eyes were drawn back to the orb before it disappeared from sight. To be so pretty, the object had certainly caused a lot of disruption in her life. 


Chapter 19
 

She soon sat on the floor of a 'suite.' It turned out to be a white-barred cage like the ones she'd seen in the hallway they passed. There was a rather fancy cot with a fluffy blanket and some of the plushest-looking pillows she could ever recall seeing, but choosing to sit on the floor anyway lent her a sense of defiance, which she enjoyed.
After analyzing the room very carefully, she found no weaknesses, not even a crack. She had even tried inserting her dagger- clearly, they'd failed to search her for weapons- into the thin seam around the barred door, but at last, it had met its match.
On the other side of the hallway was the keypad that controlled the door. It almost taunted Avaria as it sat fully in her view yet remained unreachable. As far as she could tell, it was the only possible way to enter or exit the 'suite.' 
As they'd passed the cage to her right, she caught a brief glimpse of a four-legged, green-striped creature with short ears and two elongated teeth that curled out from its mouth. It was relatively small, but it was bulky and an unbelievably noisy neighbor. 
She hadn't seen the prisoner to her left, and there were no windows between the cells, but from behind the wall she leaned against came the sounds of many feet scuffling about, indicating it either contained several creatures or one with many legs.
A sigh escaped her lips as she watched the Wuffle run back and forth between her palms. He seemed to be quite enjoying his brief daily window of consciousness. Watching the little fluffy bundle was her only source of entertainment as she'd yet to hatch an escape plan.
The situation didn't seem very promising. Even if she escaped the cell itself, she would still be trapped on her captor's ship. It was so large that she might even be in more danger of getting lost in it than getting recaptured.
She wasn't exactly sure what was happening in her head. The hurt and anger from losing Jolo and being freshly betrayed had faded beyond her reach. It seemed that she'd suppressed the feelings so firmly that she couldn't get them back now if she wanted to.
All that she was left with was something like mental exhaustion. Her brain was unconditioned to the exertion of going through so many feelings after having lived most of its life in the emotionally desolate Marred facility.
Living by nothing more stable than the law of the emotional part of her brain had briefly made her feel more alive than she ever had in her logic-dictated world, just like how her mother had described it to her all of those years ago. Yet here she was, in a situation that was possibly even worse than the one she'd left behind at the facility. She wondered if the logical conclusion of feeling was, in every case, disappointment. 
Bang! Something loud sounded far away and made her cell shake so hard that Pixel fell to the floor with a squeak. Avaria leaped to her feet, instinctively readying for whatever was happening.
Another sound shook the ship, making her stumble forward. Were they crashing? 
Logically, that didn't seem likely- what were the odds that the ship malfunctioned the very day that she became an unwilling resident?
Her knees bent slightly into a crouch, lowering her center of gravity in preparation for another blow. It didn't come, but something was happening. The sounds of many feet pounding in a disorganized run somewhere down the hallway began to drift into her ears, and she sprinted to the bars to see as far as possible. A clump of the pale probably-humans were hurrying past the mouth of the cell hallway. 
Of their own accord, her fingers began to wrap and unwrap themselves around the bars in annoyance and impatience. Her eyes snapped to her communicator ring when it made a clicking noise against the steel bars. The mere sight of it made sadness wash over her without hesitation.
Nope, she scolded herself, halting the line of thought. Cannot go there right now.
A siren began to go off so loudly that it managed to drown the increasing ruckus of her neighbors and, fortunately, even her own thoughts. She yanked on the bars irritably, although she knew from previous attempts it wouldn't do any good. A grumble leaked from her lips as her poor escape attempt inevitably failed.
The only thing she could do was lean against the bars and wait to see if this turn of events would be in her favor or not. It was an agonizing wait. She could hear shots echoing through the ship combined with indecipherable words being shouted in the human language. All the while, she could only stand there, shifting her weight back and forth while pattering her fingertips against the bars. She wasn't accustomed to being kept away from the action. Since there was no immediate danger, her helplessness sparked irritation rather than fear.
Another sigh passed through her lips as her adrenaline faded to resigned impatience. Then, an idea occurred to her, although it was a lame one.
"Hey!" She had to scream to stand a chance of being heard over the commotion, and she banged on the bars in hopes of garnering more attention. "Does anyone know what's happening?" 
She was pretty sure the rest of the creatures in her hallway were of animal class intelligence, but it was worth a try. There was no response. Either there were only animals occupying the hallway, or no one spoke the human language. 
A half-hearted growl tumbled from her throat as she leaned her head forward against the bars in resignation, only to snap back to attention a moment later.
Could it be? Choppy, gravelly voices speaking their aggressive language became increasingly audible as the alarm began dwindling to its death.
She pressed herself against the bars, opening her view as much as possible. A pair of gray bumpy forms passed by the mouth of the hallway, adorned in their black, oddly zippered garments. Unbelievable. She never imagined seeing another one of these creatures, but there they were. Growloc soldiers. She shifted her weight backward so the bars didn't press into her skin, brows tensed in thought. 
She wasn't sure if she should hide from them or try to get their attention. The humans aboard the ship were beyond unlikely to ward off an attack from the brutal race successfully, and they would undoubtedly discover her presence after they'd taken over.
Better now than later. Voices from another set of approaching Growloc met her ears, so she started whistling through her fangs to get their attention. The sound of their voices halted. They must have recognized the Chorlak tone in the otherwise ordinary sound. It was undoubtedly a shocking experience for them, as they believed they'd destroyed all of their blue enemies.
When they came into her view, they were already looking in her direction. 
"Hey!" She called in the human tongue.
They looked not only surprised, which she had expected, but also confused.
"Hey!" She yelled again, this time in a different language common amongst bi-peds.
This they appeared to understand, and one took a step towards her. The other, however, grabbed his elbow and made Growloc noises while pointing further down the hall to wherever they were headed. 
The first pointed at her and provided some sort of answer in the language. The other Growloc fussed for a bit before releasing him with an unnecessary shove and continuing out of sight.
"Help me out, and then I'll help you do whatever you're doing!"
The Growloc came closer, his rigid face skeptical. She craned her neck to maintain eye contact with him, straightening herself in an effort to portray enough confidence to overshadow her shortness. 
"There are no more Chorlak," he stated in the bi-peds language with a thick, rumbling accent. 
"Surprise." She deadpanned with a friendly half-smile. 
"We tracked the Orb's pulse to the vicinity of this ship," he disclosed, although he still seemed to be sizing her up.
"Great, I know exactly where it is!" She offered helpfully, although she wasn't entirely sure that was true. She only knew where it was if they hadn't moved it.
A round device sounded off from its place at the Growloc's waist. It was a communicator, and the voice coming through it sounded even angrier than the language usually did. By her best guess, he was in some sort of trouble for breaking away from his partner. His bulky finger pressed a button on it as he answered, only to be rewarded with more harsh-sounding words.
He cast a final, appraising look at her, then turned away. He was going to leave.
She reacted quickly, shimmying up the bars until she was high enough to reach through and grip the creature's warm head. Launching herself backward, she slammed his skull against the metal bars with the full power of her weight. She didn't care much for the sound caused by the impact.
Nonetheless, she only released her hold when she began falling back to the ground, landing neatly with her feet under her. The Growloc crumbled into a heap where he stood, a series of clatters sounding as various devices hanging from his belt became displaced onto the floor. 
She glanced up at the keypad across the hall. She needed his pistol. Her knees throbbed a bit as she fell to them roughly, but she barely noticed it, too focused on her task. She threaded her arm between the bars, stretching for the weapon with all her might. Her head was twisted at an awkward angle to maximize the reach of her arm, but she could still see the pistol from the corner of her eye. She was so close. The very tip of her finger briefly tapped the cool metal- only to succeed in spinning the grip farther away from her, many inches beyond her outstretched hand. 
She grunted, her arm and neck collapsing in defeat. Her wrist brushed against something as it hit the floor, prompting her to pick her head back up in favor of looking at it. The small object was the communicator. She cast another look to the keypad.
It was worth a try. Her fingers grasped the device, and she stood up with it. Taking a moment to test the weight, she tossed the object up a few inches and caught it. It was about as heavy as she would expect a rock of the same size to be. Her gaze fixated upon her target, and she positioned herself strategically so she could throw the device between the bars. Her lips fidgeted against each other for a moment. This was her only chance. 
Sounds of shooting somewhere in the distance urged her on as they reminded her to hurry. If more Growloc passed by and saw the one sprawled in front of her cage, she was sure that her lousy day would become even worse. 
She drew back her hand, determination firm in her brow, and launched the device. It sailed through the bars with an expert level of precision, soaring closer and closer to its mark. It hit the keypad squarely in the center, making the screen flicker. She froze eagerly, her heart thumping quickly in anticipation, but nothing happened. 
A vicious growl tore from her throat in reaction to the disappointment. She barely restrained herself from the illogical, childish action of kicking the bars. 
Now what? She wondered to herself, her tone mocking even in her own head. Then she saw a flicker of something tiny and white. It was Pixel, outside of the bars. Of course, he was small enough to easily escape; he could probably fit through a napkin ring. 
"Pixel!" She prompted, rushing back to the bars.
He didn't even flinch; he didn't know his name. 
Undeterred, she crouched to her knees and snapped her fingers, trying to catch his limited attention. 
His head whipped around to her in surprise, dropping whatever small object he'd been fidgeting with. Avaria looked at the pistol studiously. It strongly resembled a lightweight variety of Chorlak weapons.
It was possible that even the tiny Wuffle could drag it. Whether or not he could be convinced to do so was another matter entirely. 
Pixel frolicked over to her as though she were his best friend, his puffy hair fluttering with the choppy movement. Then he tripped over his front paws, or perhaps his own fluffy fur, and rolled before finding his footing. Such an inconvenience would usually render him inconsolable, but he was impressed enough with his shiny new environment to be in an irrevocably good mood. He waddled up to her, his tiny features alight with glee.
"Hey," she poked her pointer finger through the fluff to scratch the top of his head, which was scarcely wider than her finger.
"Chiv!" She called the Chorlak word for fetch, withdrawing her finger to point at the pistol. 
He turned around, facing the appropriate direction.
"Yes, that's right! Chiv!"
He took a few uncertain steps. Then a few more- then his path began to veer left, towards the object that had initially commanded his interest.
"No!" 
A weighty huff passed through her lips.
"Hey!" 
She snapped her fingers, drawing his gaze again.
"Chiv!" 
Her finger jabbed forcefully toward the gun, is if her intensity made him more likely to understand.
He glanced at the gun- then back at the little shiny object, then back again. He was torn. 
A loud thunk sounded from the right as her long-toothed neighbor threw himself against the cage's wall and broke both her and Pixel's concentration. 
She, of course, recovered quicker and turned back to her uncooperative friend. Intrigued by the noise, he started padding in that direction- coincidentally, towards the pistol. 
Once he was close to it, her hands slammed together in a few quick claps. 
"Hey!"
He looked at her.
"Chiv!" She pointed, "Chiv!"
He turned to the gun. The distracting shiny object temporarily forgotten and out of sight, he stretched his tiny front legs as wide as they could go to curl the tips of his paws around the gun's grip. 
He stepped backward, dragging it towards her. Her jaw was slack- watching the Wuffle actually do what she wanted was almost as mystical as watching some sort of magic.
He took one step, then another. Suddenly, he caught sight of the shiny thing again, prompting a low squeak of interest. He wandered away to investigate the discovery anew, but that was okay. She reached through the bars and grasped the handgrip, snatching it inside victoriously.
The grip was rather large and Growloc sized, but she still positioned it in the crook of her hand with the best technique possible for the mismatched size. She aimed for the keypad and pulled the trigger in a smooth, controlled movement. A glowing red bullet zipped out of the barrel almost too fast to see and ripped through the keypad, which burst with crackling sounds and an explosion of sparks.
She covered her face with both arms to shield herself from the barrage, only lowering them when the frequency of electrical crackles slowed. The cell door was sliding to the right. A satisfied smile tipped her lips as she reveled in the success. It looked like she may best her misfortunes once again. She angled her body in order to best shove herself through the moment she would fit, then scooped up Pixel, let him crawl into her torso wrap, and headed towards the mouth of the hallway, feeling rather smug. The large pistol was awkward in her hand, but she kept it anyway. It was the best weapon she had. 
She wasn't exactly sure where to go as she'd only been exposed to a few areas of the ship and seen no escape pods in any of them. The only thing she knew was that wherever she went, she needed to avoid both the Growloc and the pale people.
After leaning around the corner to check for any threats, she decided to turn left. Her guts twisted a bit, her recent cockiness vanquished as she was forced to take a random guess and go against her every instinct. Unfortunately, she had no other options. Surely she was bound to find something useful on the massive luxury ship eventually. Her only challenge was to do it before someone caught her. 
She met another fork in the hallway and made the command decision to turn right, away from the shooting sounds. At least she was able to base this choice of direction on something other than a whim.
Her heart started to speed up anxiously as her calmness began to slip. The only thing she saw ahead was more hallway. Unsettlingly, there were no signs of anything useful. Not far ahead, she saw the mouth of another hall to the left. Should she turn? The thought almost made her growl aloud. It occurred to her that she hated making blind guesses. How could anyone stand to live this way full-time? 
Oddly, Axel popped into her mind. Most of his life struck her as random and thrown together with barely a hint of planning in sight. Her eyes narrowed and she huffed, angry with her subconscious for daring to distract her with such thoughts. Focus, that was what she needed most. It was about all she had to work with. She concentrated on loosening her features, bringing herself back to the present with the simple task.
Threatening sounds from the forceful Growloc takeover happening somewhere far behind her had become quite muffled, leading her to think that the approaching left turn was a safe distance from the attack.
Still, she glanced over her shoulder anxiously when some sort of blast sounded off, significantly louder than the other noises. In her moment of distraction, she walked right in front of the opening without slowing to peek around the corner. 
"Hey!" Came a sharp, lilting voice.
Avaria whipped around, starting to raise her pistol but stopping short when she realized one was already trained on her. Can't outdraw a drawn gun.
Instead, she stood frozen, her face neutral despite her shock. She was unable to do anything but wait and see what Tawra would do. Although Avaria felt confident she could win a fight with the woman, she was too far away. Tawra could easily shoot her before she even got close.
Without the levitating cage to lend her a few more inches height, the woman was nearly a foot taller than her, which, based on her limited knowledge, seemed above average for a human. It wasn't exactly intimidating, but it did make the woman appear more imposing. They stood in silence for what felt like forever but was probably only a few seconds. Tawra pursed her lips, looked her up and down critically, then sharply lowered the weapon down to her side, a movement slightly faster than what was strictly natural. She then tucked the barrel into her holster-less waistband and strutted past Avaria, her face unreadable. 
The Chorlak stood fixed in place, her brows drawn in surprise as she twisted her neck to track the pale human's movements. Tawra halted sharply after traveling only a few paces behind her, slightly swiveling her head back in Avaria's direction but remaining too faced-forward to provide a clear view of her features.
"Straight," she paused a moment as if reconsidering the words even as they came out of her mouth. "Then two rights, then a left."
She straightened her head and continued down the hallway, never turning around. Avaria watched her retreating form distrustingly, and perhaps a bit dumbly, until the woman took a right and disappeared from her sight. With nothing to look at, her eyes slid to the floor, brows tightening together as though holding a needle in the middle. 
Try as she might, she could produce no logical reason for the woman to offer her any useful information or to elect against shooting her. Despite the inconsistency of it, the instructions she'd presented were the only semblance of direction Avaria had access to. Perhaps with her fleeting interest in the woman's work, she had managed to acquire an ally. 
The battle sounds ceased all at once, indicating that the moments of chaos that would cover her escape were drawing to a close. Her lips hardened with determination as her forehead relaxed. She continued going straight, just as Tawra had said. She could be walking into a trap, but her only alternative was wandering aimlessly until the Growloc killed her or the pale people recaptured her, depending on who won the altercation. It was probably the Growloc, but then again, she didn't know what these pale humanoids were capable of.
The hallway forked to the left and right. Avaria went right. There were no signs of danger, but she made a habit of checking her surroundings often as she walked. 
She took her next right and soon approached the final left of Tawra's suggestion. Her pace slowed skeptically. There was no way to know what was around the corner unless she looked. She pressed herself against the wall, leaning to catch a glimpse of what may be beyond the bend.
There were a few more feet of hallway ending in what appeared to be some sort of room with the lights turned out. She couldn't tell exactly what it contained. Distrusting but not deterred, she cast a quick look back the way she'd come, just in case, then crept around the corner as quietly as possible.
The ship was dead silent now. It was unsettling, as though everyone aboard would hear her if she so much as breathed loudly. No concerning noises came from the darkened room, but somehow that only piqued her suspicions. As she got closer, she could see that the room was large but still couldn't discern any details. 
She didn't pause at the entrance, instead stepping forward with feigned certainty even if it was only to fool herself. White lights flipped on in long rows across the ceiling, and her jaw went slack.
It was a hanger. She almost couldn't believe it, but she didn't wait around to convince herself. There were several neat rows of small white vessels, all nearly the same size as the Growloc jet she'd stolen ages ago. She approached the nearest one, her gait remaining stiff with decreasing but still present skepticism.
The ship was white, sharply angled, and tapered to a point in the front. She paused at the door, wondering without a clue what she might do to open it. The wait wasn't long. After only a few seconds, it automatically dissolved into small cubes before her eyes and smoothly reformed as stairs into the ship. 
"Huh," she mused, briefly impressed.
She hurried inside, the door reassembling behind her. The interior of the ship was covered in various shades of a light cream color, which she barely glanced at as she approached the pilot's seat. She lowered herself into it slowly, distracted as her eyes swept over the array of devices on the panel in front of it. There was no floating steering staff and no screens to give her any hints. There wasn't even writing above any of the controls. 
She made contact with the seat, finally settling her full weight in it. Suddenly, a hologram formed over the panel, making her neck straighten in surprise. It was a sphere, but it had a large mouth and eyes, which blinked upon seeing her.
"Well, hello, new user!"
She stiffened even more, hands pressing against the armrests as she leaned away from the sphere's jarringly perky voice.
"Don't you look nice today!" 
"Ummmmm..." She glanced through the windshield- a few Growloc were marching into the hanger. They hadn't seen her yet, but she didn't want to wait around for them to.
"I am Smart Orb Nine!"
"Okay, Smart Orb Nine, we need to go," she started to reach for a button, not knowing what it would do but needing to do something.
"Go? Absolutely! I love to go!"
Short, flexible rectangles started sliding out of the seat, building on top of one another and strapping her in place before she could react.
"Where would you like to go today?" 
Lights installed on the outside of the ship turned on in readiness, drawing the Growloc's attention.
"Anywhere, just out of here!"
"Okay! We'll pick a destination later!"
Lights scattered about the control panel began flicking, and beyond the windshield, she saw the hanger door folding away. The group of Growloc started to slide uncontrollably as they were sucked towards the vacuum of space, but she quickly lost sight of their flailing bodies as her ship lifted smoothly from the ground. She was out of the hanger so fast she barely saw it happen. Suddenly, she was in space.
"Wasn't that fun? I loved that!"
She tried to stand up, only to be held in place by the strap. After a few irritated yanks to no avail, she growled quietly, in no mood for the inconvenience. Pale people or Growloc could pursue her at any moment; she wasn't out of danger yet. 
"Open this!" She ordered gruffly.
"Okay!" 
The strap retreated the same way it had formed, and she shot to her feet.
"Hey, how do I know if I'm being followed?"
"Don't worry! This Galaxy Cruiser Model A-Nine is fitted with a state-of-the-art tracking device open to all nearby scanners. That way, your friends won't lose track of you!"
"A tracker?" She repeated, exasperated. "Where?"
"Attached to the on-board navigation system!"
Her head flopped forward loosely as she leaned on the control panel. Of course, there was a tracker.
"Oh, look at that! Someone is already following us!" 
She drew to full posture, shocked although she expected it.
"What? Show me." 
The sphere disappeared and in its place was a holograph of two Growloc vessels. Perhaps they attacked the luxury ship only to retrieve the data orb, but far be it from them to let anyone escape from their takeover.
"How close are they?"
"They will overtake our casual cruiser in..." The sphere reappeared, "four minutes!"
Another growl pushed from her throat, disrupting the Wuffle to the point of stirring unhappily in her torso wrap. 
"Where is the on-board navigation system? Can I access it?"
"The on-board navigation system is..." The hologram became an admittedly helpful diagram of the ship, "located directly behind the A-6 front panel!" 
The holographic view zoomed in on a particular metal sheet of the ship's interior. She turned around to spot the piece in the real shuttle. It wasn't a difficult task. She sprinted to it, taking out her dagger and decollapsing it as she moved.
Without a moment to waste in consideration, she jammed it into the seam and messily ripped the panel out of its place until it clattered to the floor, bent and disfigured. There were hordes of pipes and wires, so she stood in confusion for a moment with no idea what they all might be. Then she saw a spherical device with a blinking red light. It was precisely what she would imagine a tracking device looking like. She wrapped both hands around the small object and yanked it with all of her might. It didn't budge, held too firmly in place by thick stiff wires. Too desperate to restrategize, she took her dagger and started jabbing at anything that seemed attached to it until finally, it tumbled outward. Parts around it began to fizzle and pop. A few even dissolved.
"Oh, no! The navigation system has been removed! You'll need to put it back as fast as possible!"
"Yes, but what about the tracking device?"
She returned to Smart Orb Nine as if being closer to it would make it communicate quicker. 
"The tracking device seems to be disabled," it stated after a moment of self-diagnosing.
"And the Growloc ship?"
Another calculating pause.
"They seem to have veered off course and will no longer catch up to us."
A relieved chuckle passed from her lips as she collapsed back into the pilot's seat, which was noticeably very plush now that her mind was quiet enough to enjoy it. She didn't move for a little while, enjoying the peace and satisfaction of victory. In a way, she was freer now than she'd ever been. She had her own ship, and no one had the authority to dictate her life.
Then, a thought occurred to her, bringing a dash of concern to dampen her victorious mood.
"Hey," she leaned forward, her relaxed posture suddenly straightened, "how far are we from the nearest planet?"
The sphere blinked.
"Based on a map of this quadrant," the sphere disappeared in favor of a 3-D map, "and the limited speed capabilities of this cruiser, I estimate that we can arrive on the trading planet of Marektoy in..."
She shifted uncomfortably, to tense to even express her impatience through drumming fingers.
"Approximately four and a half years!"
Her jaw went slack as she leaned back slowly, her eyes lost in a blank stare as she processed the information.
"There are no closer planets at all?"
It paused as if searching the map again.
"No."
Her previous glee faded into the crushing sting of disappointment. For a single moment, she saw her life a new way, one filled with endless possibilities and potential. Now her future was nothing more promising than a ship with about fifteen square feet of space inside it.
She'd caught a glimpse of a small fridge near the back of the ship, but she seriously doubted that its contents would last that long.
"How much food do we have?"
"This ship is equipped with an atomic material fuser and enough raw materials to produce food for six years!"
She felt a single spark of relief, but couldn't accept the news until she saw it for herself.
"Where is this atomic material thing?"
The model of the ship appeared again, highlighting the device that she'd mistaken for a fridge. She cast a glance over her shoulder, feeling the urge to confirm the object was still there. It was, of course, there was nowhere for it to go. 
Her lips pursed unhappily, but still, she relaxed. She wasn't eager to face the struggle of remaining sane with only a Wuffle for company. He might not even live that long; she had no idea what the lifespan of a Wuffle was. Yet, at that moment, she had the single sustaining thought that there must be some sort of life waiting for her somewhere in the galaxy. Surely she wasn't born only to suffer. 
When she was a child, at home with her parents, she was hopeful and optimistic about everything, and there was little that could damper her aspirations. She wasn't like that now; she had developed an eye that could see gloom and misfortune that she was immune to back then. Still, she managed to find slivers of hope tucked away in the darkness. They were just enough to push her on.
"Okay," she resigned herself, "Set a course for Marektoy."
The sphere stared at her for a moment, it's disproportionally large eyes blinking.
"The navigational system has been removed. We are locked on our current course."
She shot to her feet.
"Well, how long until we reach a planet on our current course?"
"Based on my calculations, a planet will fall directly on our current path in..."
Her body locked up, her shoulder blades nearly pressed together.
"One hundred and eighty-seven years."
She didn't move. The revelation didn't sink in immediately. Then a flood of emotions started to swirl from her head to the pit of her gut too fast to latch on to. Rage emerged from the depths. She screamed, a loud growling sort of cry as her fists slammed down on the control panel, one sailing straight through the hologram with no effect. The Wuffle squawked in fury at the outburst, scampering out of her wrap and down her leg. She barely noticed him over the pounding of her fists as they sailed again and again into the still undamaged panel. Finally, the anger that surged from her as a last line of defense burnt away, and she crumbled to her knees, left with nothing but the crushing grief she insisted to herself that she couldn't feel. Her head lolled forward, and she caught it in her hands, defeated. Oddly, her first follow-up reaction was embarrassment for her vain display of uncontrolled wrath, although there was no one to witness it. 
Then she was drained, absolutely wiped out, her mind so worn that she was barely more than a spectator as her pent-up emotions seized her with an indomitable vengeance. 
The heartbreak from Jolo's death consumed her all at once, made worse by the cold metal of the thick ring now pressed against her face. Her first reaction was to yank it off and throw it far away, but then her mind moved to its next torment, the crushing pain of Axel's betrayal. Then, for perhaps the first time, she truly experienced the full weight of her loneliness. She felt so isolated without a homeworld. 
Scattered amongst the fresh wounds were the older ones she'd convinced herself didn't hurt. Names like Jabic, Gasmi, Tarr, and even Korbak pummeled through her head unopposed. They were dead. 
Thoughts of the family she'd lost emerged hatefully from the depths she'd banished them to. Her features didn't move, too used to being held in place, but a tear slid down her cheek. Then another. She didn't try to stop them, and she was too numb to try and piece her shattered mind back together.
'Always choose to find the beauty in life,' her mother had said all those years ago.
The woman was so vivid and emotive; she enjoyed life and everything in it despite the harsh world she'd lived in. She wanted to teach her daughter the same thing, not just to exist or survive, but to live and feel and be more than a faceless cog in the Chorlak machine.
Avaria didn't care to deliberate who she'd become or how little that aligned with her mother's philosophy. 
Then she saw her father, his white hair wild and unruly as he hoisted a child version of her up and plopped her down a stool jubilantly to engross her with subtly educational tales about languages and tactics and history. Anything he knew about, he taught her. She didn't remember any of his words, or even what his voice sounded like, but she remembered how he smiled and laughed, and the way his eyes lit up when he talked about the stars. She missed him so much.
The scattered thoughts and feelings slowly burned themselves out, leaving her dry-eyed with only one thing left to plague her mind.
Perhaps the Chorlak had been right about her, and she was simply never meant to be alive at all. 


Chapter 20


Hours had passed. Perhaps it had even been a couple of days; Avaria wasn't sure. She currently sat on the floor with Pixel. He'd stayed angry for a while after her outburst disturbed him but eventually returned her to his good graces after being bribed with food from the atomic material fuser. A plate sat on the floor beside her, and she slowly picked tiny pieces of food off it to feed the Wuffle. She had eaten some herself; it was the best meal she'd ever tasted. Sadly, she couldn't truly enjoy it and couldn't muster the appetite to finish. 
She'd tried her hardest to fix the navigational system, but the computer could offer her no instructions for the task, and every attempt she made seemed to break the pieces apart even more. She was pretty sure some parts had been incinerated entirely, but there was no way to know that for sure. 'Mechanic' was one word she would never use to describe herself.
She could live on the ship for the next six years before starving or thirsting to death, but without hope of ever getting anywhere, she wasn't motivated to prolong the inevitable. There was a slight chance of encountering another vessel and somehow getting them to help her, but the computer had informed her that it was beyond unlikely. This portion of the galaxy was unstable and rarely traversed.
The Wuffle rejected the offered pinch of food, his microscopic belly full, so she dropped it back onto the plate.
"Hey there," the hologram piped up for the first time in a while, "probably nothing to be concerned about, but there are conditions ahead that are highly conducive to the formation of a wormhole."
She hopped to her feet, scooping up her companion in one smooth motion, and moved to the front of the ship.
"That's nothing to be concerned about?"
"Well, the probability of one actually forming in the moment we are there is low."
"What do you mean?"
"Wormholes are very common in this area, making it widely regarded as untraversable. However, they only can remain open for an instant. It will probably have opened and closed long before we get anywhere near it."
She sat in the pilot's seat uncertainly, dropping Pixel gently onto the control panel.
"Is there anything we can do to, you know, miss it?"
"No, we cannot change course." Smart Orb Nine didn't exactly have a voice that expressed a wide range of its artificial emotions, but she thought she could detect a hint of annoyance as it subtly reminded her that she'd ruined its navigation system. Or perhaps she'd already spent enough time alone with the thing that she'd begun to personify it.
There was silence for a few minutes.
"Hi, it's me again," the sphere blinked twice as though nervous, "So the probability of the wormhole's opening aligning with our current path is increasing rather rapidly."
"Can we slow down?"
"Our speed is dictated by the navigational system, which was removed." That time there was definitely an accusation in its tone.
She stood to her feet, brows creeping together as she tried to assess the situation.
"What happens if we go into the wormhole?"
"We will either emerge on the other side, or it will collapse with us in the middle. There is no information in my database regarding the results of the latter."
The ship began to rattle. It was barely noticeable at first but quickly grew more powerful. Pixel started squeaking with panic as he lost his footing and soon tumbled off the panel. She caught him, and he wasted no time before shimmying up her arm and crawling into her torso wrap.
The shaking continued to increase until she had to sit down, gripping the armrests to stay in place.
"I'm going to strap you in, just in case we encounter the wormhole."
The straps formed across her waist and down her shoulders. She was grateful for them, despite knowing they wouldn't do too much good in the grand scheme of things.
She stared wide-eyed into the abyss of space until suddenly, several of what looked almost like huge space bubbles began to construct themselves from nothing just ahead of the ship, then disappear and randomly reform somewhere else. With no warning, a huge one formed directly in front of them, and she braced herself, but it dissolved before they reached it.
There were no more of them in sight.
"Phew!" Came the ship's voice, "we seem to have passed the worst of-"
She barely had time to see the bubble before her vessel was slicing through its semi-translucent surface. Her body seized up instinctively, arms covering her head. Nothing happened.
Slowly, she lowered her limbs so she could look around. She was in some sort of tunnel with walls made of stormy violently rolling clouds. Just above them were patterns of meteorite chunks swirling madly. Beyond the clouds were what looked like huge rings of varying colors wrapped around the tunnel, positioned closer and closer together the further ahead she looked. It felt like the ship was drifting if she focused only on the angry clouds moving slowly past, but the rings behind them sailed by so quickly, she could hardly distinguish one from the next.
At the end, she saw a moderately sized black circle that was gradually expanding. She stared transfixed as she coasted toward it, and tiny white dots became visible in the darkness. 
As the rings zoomed by disorientingly, the herds of meteorites started to shift nearer to the center of the tunnel and closer to her vessel. They were seconds from the end when something struck the ship, sending it spinning violently through the mouth of the hole. 
She gripped her shoulder straps as her head was whipped about unsteadily. Buzzers started beeping their loud warnings. Her stomach churned in protest, threatening to cast out its minute contents. Gradually, the spinning slowed until finally, the momentum had deteriorated enough for her to lean her head back, closing her eyes as the ship's interior continued twirling in her sight.
"Good news! We survived a wormhole!"
"Ha," a slight chuckle rattled her chest, "yay us."
"The bad news would be that our primary thruster has been taken out."
"Of course it has." 
She wasn't surprised. It had been a few hours; she was due for another catastrophe. Slowly conjuring the motivation to pull her heavy eyelids up, she sat a bit straighter as if that might speed the recovery of her vision.
"How are we moving then?"
"I have pointed our levitation thrusters backward. We are now moving at six percent of our previous speed."
"Oh."
She blinked forcefully a few times before noticing the slightest disturbance occurring in her torso wrap. She looked down to see Pixel peeking out, his tiny head wobbling unsteadily with dizziness. An amused smirk found her lips, and she stroked his head with two fingers. He was, apparently, not in the mood for that. He flung his tiny paw at the offending digit as though it were going to steal his most valued treasure. She withdrew it and quickly moved on from the rejection, returning her attention to the new portion of space in front of her.
"Hello again... slight problem..."
She glared at the talking sphere as if he could perceive her annoyance. 
Perhaps he could, a holographic hand she didn't know it had formed to scratch its forehead uncertainly.
"Oddly, it appears that we are being pulled off course."
"What exactly does that mean?" Avaria questioned, unsure if that could be a good thing or a bad one.
"Well... Essentially we have been targeted by some highly advanced technology that I cannot recognize. We are being pulled."
"Pulled? To where?"
"I don't know," the AI deadpanned. "I can't tell what direction we are going. The navigation system was-"
"Removed, right," she cut him off, tired of being reminded.
Suddenly, she saw a tiny glowing speck in the distance. She gazed at it a moment through squinty eyes before deciding it was some sort of orange star. They appeared to be getting closer to it. She wasn't sure why, but it struck her as something worth watching, so she did. There wasn't anything else to look at. Very soon, it was no longer tiny at all. In fact, she had never seen a star so massive. They seemed to be a safe distance from it, and she believed they would pass by without collision. 
She leaned forward against the straps, a squint forming on her face as she noticed something in the distance. There were several well-spaced planets up ahead, surrounding the star, but it was the blue one that drew her attention. It appeared to be in their direct path.
"Hey, what is that planet up ahead?"
"I don't know. I have no maps pertaining to this quadrant of the galaxy."
"Are we going to hit it?" Her hands tensed around the armrest as she spoke, urgency seeping into her voice.
"Based on my approximation... we will crash onto it in thirteen seconds." 
She tensed even more. Arriving on a planet was the only way she could avoid drifting in space until she ran out of resources and died, but the term 'crashing' was quite deterring.
Shades of orange began to flicker across the windshield, growing more violent by the moment.
"You will be automatically ejected in the calculated direction of most probable survival," Smart Orb Nine informed her.
Before she could even form a question, the ship was through the planet's atmosphere and pummeling straight towards a huge mass of dark blue. Just as her brain registered what it was seeing, the windshield peeled away, and her seat sailed through it. The ship was gone in an instant, colliding oddly with the blueness. 
It was water, she realized, although she'd never seen so much of it in one place. The ship quickly became indiscernible, the only sign of it coming from the white glow of exterior lights as it plunged below the surface. She felt a slight pang of loss as the annoyingly cheerful Smart Orb Nine went down with the cruiser.
She squirmed a bit in her seat, trying to see what was making the ejected seat levitate. It seemed to be outfitted with some sort of thruster that allowed it to hum along far above the water's surface. However, it appeared to have been damaged somehow as it sputtered fairly regularly and occasionally plummeted a few feet before recovering.
On the horizon, she could see what looked like some sort of landmass, but she feared that her seat wouldn't make it there. She wished there was some way she could affect her situation, but once again, there was nothing she could do but see how it played out. Although she loathed being so out of control, a shred of hope was creeping up on her subconscious. 
Only half an hour ago, she thought that she would eventually starve to death alone in space. Now, she was at least alive and on a planet where she could, potentially, survive. Her circumstances weren't great, but at least they had improved.

The sky eventually darkened, and she had traveled a substantial distance, although she could no longer see the landmass from her current vantage point. It had become abundantly clear that her seat would be unable to complete its journey; she was up to her shoulders in water.
The thruster was still working, despite being partially submerged, but she would have to abandon the seat when the water became too high. She had already found the strap release and moved Pixel to perch atop her head, where he hopefully wouldn't drown.
Within a few minutes, she'd come out of the seat entirely and held to the headrest, which pulled her along. Only a few minutes after, even that was too far below the surface for her to reach while breathing. As she'd never before had an opportunity to swim, she was taken with the legitimate concern that she would drown. Fortunately, the brief support the seat had offered before sinking out of reach gave her an opportunity to figure out how to stay afloat. She'd never done it before, but her body was light and her muscles were well-formed, so swimming came to her fairly naturally. The glow of the thruster, still faithfully trudging in its intended direction, guided her for a long time before sinking too low to be seen. 
Now, she could only paddle in what she hoped was the right direction, every muscle in her body throbbing with over-exertion. She was several hours into her unplanned, unwanted swim, and she barely had the leftover energy to think. Her mind had settled onto one track: get to land. Her eyes blazed blankly into the distance, as focusing also seemed like too much effort.
Rattling somewhere in her head was the hope that Pixel had managed to maintain his position atop her head. He was so light that she couldn't tell whether or not he was still hanging on. 
She coughed as she mistakenly acquired a mouthful of salty water, the nasty gagging sensation serving to restore a bit of her alertness. As her vision sharpened for the first time in a while, she spotted the light tan shoreline ahead.
Reinvigorated, she drove her aching muscles harder. Each of them felt like they were swelling and contracting in unison, but she still urged herself onward with the promise of soon being able to rest. She was so close.
Her foot met something solid, or at least it was almost solid. The substance crunched oddly under her, unlike anything she'd felt before. She found the substance with her other foot quickly, using them to scoot herself forward through the neck-high water with the slight aid of her still-paddling hands. 
The waterline dropped to her shoulders, then her waist. Soon, she could drop to all fours, which her body did instinctively without her consideration. She drug herself forward, clawing her way along inch by inch until only the tide could lap at her legs. Her arms folded at the elbows, her face landing against the strange grainy ground that stuck to her wet skin like it was glued there. She was too tired to care. 
The last thing she saw was a small white puff hopping across the ground awkwardly, clearly disliking it more than she did. Her vision faded away, and she fell gratefully into hard-earned sleep.
It was a shame she'd passed out at the exact moment she did; if she hadn't, she would have heard something that would give her purpose anew.
"Avi? Avaria are you there?" The forgotten communicator ring Jolo had given her lit up from its place on her finger as a young, desperate voice sounded through it.
Unfortunately, the call fell only on Pixel's tiny ears, and he hardly noticed it, too busy seeking refuge from the bothersome particles clinging to his fur. He soon climbed atop a messy bundle of papers with human words inscribed on them. 
Pixel, of course, had no idea that there was writing on the pages. Wuffles have very small brains which provide them with a rather minute amount of intelligence.
However, if he could read, he would see that the large bold print at the top of the page said the following:
"North Carolina Daily Paper."


The End. 


Get The Sequel For Free!


If you enjoyed reading Avaria, The Determined Survivor, consider coming aboard the M.G. Hopkins Tribe!

Sign up for the M.G. Hopkins weekly newsletter, and as a welcome aboard present from me to you, choose a free ebook usually valued at $4.99 or less! :)

Visit authormghopkins.com to join the community and claim your ebook! I send out brief emails on the last Friday of every month with exclusive early announcements, special deals, and progress reports. In addition, I sometimes send out polls and feedback forms that will give you a chance to directly contribute to the creation of future books and characters! I look forward to hearing from you!


Message From The Author


Howdy!

I hope you had a great time reading Avaria: The Determined Survivor! Before you go, I have a quick and easy favor to ask! :-) Please consider leaving a review on the platform you purchased your copy from! By taking a moment to leave some feedback, you not only encourage me a ton (and help me work faster!) but also, you directly impact the success of the novel and contribute greatly to my career as a teen writer! Thanks for being an M.G. Hopkins novel reader!

Make sure to pursue your goals a little bit each day and take time to do fun things! You can do awesome stuff! :-)

Don’t forget to get involved in the M.G. Hopkins community!
Head over to Twitter or Instagram to find me under the handle @authormghopkins, and connect with some fellow readers in the process!


Acknowledgments


Writing a novel was an experience more uniquely challenging than I ever imagined. At first, there was the ‘honeymoon’ stage, where I had a nice neat outline, and everything was fine and dandy. Then there were weird plot holes I didn’t notice at first, timelines that didn’t even pretend to match, and after all of that, drafts. And then more drafts. Many, many drafts! 
So I dedicate this book to the people who pushed me and believed in me so hard I couldn’t give up. Your confidence in me is far beyond what I had in myself and my gratitude for that is something I cannot express with things so simple as words.
To my sweet Mom, who put more English and grammar into my unwilling skull than I knew what to do with at the time. I would never have become the writer that I am without the knowledge you encouraged me to internalize. More importantly, I could not be the person that I am without your love, morals, and unyielding support. Anyone can be a mother, but you’ve also been my friend during times when I felt isolated and forgotten. You are the rockstar I want to be when I grow up!
To my Dad, who told me fantastical tales of mystery and adventure every night before bed until he put himself right to sleep. You’ve fed my creativity by teaching me to be a deep thinker and to question things that everyone else accepts. By both instruction and example, you taught me to be aware of others outside myself. You showed me how important it is to be thoughtful, never to forget what’s important, and to care about people wholeheartedly without conditions or expectations. On that note, I’ll never forget all of the times you brought me a bowl full of grapes I didn’t even ask for when I was sitting outside writing away on my laptop while half-heartedly promising my growling stomach I’d stop and get a snack soon (but not very soon).
To my sister, Sarah, not by blood but by choice, who has been more special in my life than she could ever know.
To the supportive friends of mine who took their time to read an early draft of this novel:
Haley Pardue, who’s been my friend pretty much since birth. We lost touch for a few years somewhere in there, but I’m glad we ran into each other again! 
Tyler Crisp, who’s consistently taken it upon himself to laugh at me when I needed to laugh at myself. 
Finally, Kingsley Penn, who’s blessed me numerous times by reaching out just to see how I was doing. 
Each of you provided me with valuable insight I couldn’t have gotten from anywhere else. The characters and events of this novel have layers of depth and meaning born entirely of your encouragement and constructive criticism.
To Margie Sims, an established author and international speaker who encouraged me in my writing abilities from the beginning.
To Ire-Rebeca, who designed the beautiful cover on this book, and somehow managed to do it in about two weeks like some kind of graphic design ninja!
And last but not least, to my big goofy dog, Duke, who put his big goofy head in my lap without fail each and every time I sat down to write. You distracted me a lot buddy, but you also made me smile whenever I was frustrated. Also, a quick thanks to my little spastic dog Mosley, who was usually the reason why I was frustrated. You little scoundrel. Stop barking in my ear, you adorable tiny tyrant. And quit eating Duke’s food. Seriously, we’ve talked about this.

Most of all, I am grateful to God for his Son. My faith is at the core of my being, and my best, strongest qualities are based firmly in scripture. 
“For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might be saved.” 
John 3:16 - 17


Author Bio


M.G. Hopkins is a teenaged author from a little bittie town in Tennessee. She developed a love for storytelling pretty much as soon as she started to string words together, and by the time she was about eight, she’d started typing out tales on an ancient laptop with buttons that made a decisive ‘clunk’ sound with every keystroke.  As she’s gotten older, her creativity has become a foundational part of her personality, and while that sometimes manifests itself in the form of painting or sculpting, her fascination with the power and nuances of written words remains her passion.

If you’d like to know more about M.G. Hopkins, you’re in luck because she’d like to know more about you too!

Head over to Instagram or Twitter and find her under the handle @authormghopkins, and make sure to check out her website, www.authormghopkins.com!


Avaria
will
return.


I Hope You Enjoyed Reading...


Avaria
The Determined Survivor



Bye for now.
