The Chronicles of New Eden

Path One

AWAKENING

Hayden Pearton

*

Published by Hayden Pearton at Smashwords

Copyright 2016 Hayden Pearton

Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

*

Visit my website at https://newedenchronicles.wordpress.com/ 

Visit my Smashwords author page at https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/HaydenPearton

*

For Antoinette, Michael, Jordan and Jethro
Without whom this grand idea would never have been born. 

For Noah and Gabriel, may you read this one day.

For Chanelle, my one and only.

For Michael, my best friend and advisor.

For Charlotte, the first to finish.

And for Me, to prove that I could.

*

When the Tides run Red and the Skies grow Dark,
The World will Fall.
When They appear, Ruination and Salvation,
The World will Fall.
-Sage Iager
Prologue: Kingdom of None
In which a story begins...

The quietude of the forest, the unfettered skies, and the desolate streets. The world was dying, decaying, decomposing; until our sins were erased from this land. The first to suffer were the children; always the children, then the sick, the weak, the poor. Those who could not defend themselves from the world’s unstoppable karmic wrath. 
The land is silent, the seas are blackened, the clouds marred by an invisible poison. It is in this dreadful visage that our story unravels. With the faint memories of happiness slowly slipping away as the ground continues to bleed. Some argue that the state of this once beautiful planet is the fault of nature; others protest that it is the work of a disenchanted deity. 
However, we cannot blame the waves for undulating, and we cannot blame the heavens for shining. We can only blame ourselves, for that is all that’s left. It is human nature to constantly strive for power and glory, unmindful of the consequences. It is also human nature to blame one's own failings on others, so as not to lose one's illusion of invincibility. 
When the first factory started spewing its unholy filth into the atmosphere, when the first plant withered and died; the masses cheered. "All in the name of progress" they said, with much chagrin, as their fields died and the waters were stained crimson with the "fruits of production". Soon after, the sickness came, fouling the youth and tainting the old. Those in charge were driven by guilt and condemnation into searching for a cure for the malignant miasma.
It was, however, too late, as the land had long since been dealt its killing blow. Although the tide of pollutants from the chimneys and pipes had been stemmed, there was nothing to be done for what had already pervaded into the biosphere. The leaders of the world began to blame those of other nations, in an attempt to ease the minds of their followers. As it must, a terrible war followed, which decimated the remnants of the living. As more and more death and destruction occurred, the leaders of the countries began to realize their mistake. 
Calling together the greatest scientific minds of the generation, they planned and plotted, researched and experimented. After countless failures, they were almost ready to give up and give in to the sweet embrace of death. It was then, as the greatest of the greatest sat in resignation, an idea rose to the top of the maelstrom of despair. It was radical to say the least, as it called for a great deal in a very short amount of time. Those remaining in charge eagerly agreed, for the idea had struck the very core of the human psyche: fight or flight. 
They should have fought. They should have spent their last breaths trying to fix the world they had killed, but to their eternal shame they chose to flee. 
This idea, this promise of flight, ignited the populace. Between having to do little and survive a while longer or do much and take a chance at eternal salvation… it was obvious which the people would choose. The crescendo of affirmations allowed the idea to spread rapidly throughout the dwindling populace.
Soon, the idea became a movement, an ideal to strive for. Armed with an end-goal, humanity worked tirelessly, all for the idea of a better tomorrow. Money became useless; incentives were nullified, as the world was unified under the idea, the idea that promised survival. Not a prosperous or easy survival, but survival nonetheless. As the months went by, and the planet slowly died around them, the united planetary population only seemed to increase in fervour. 
Structures were built in an unprecedented speed, backed by limitless resources and determination. It is a cruel irony that so much time and energy was invested in an idea that essentially translated into, "Let us run away and leave our problems to someone else." Not that the authorities or the snake-tongued politicians would ever phrase it as such.
Eventually, when the last building stood firm, when the exhausted remnants dropped to their knees, the idea was explained. For you see, for the entire duration of construction, only the vaguest of details were released. The average man or woman had no true knowledge of what the idea entailed. They had worked so hard, shed so much blood and sweat on what was nothing more than a hopeful dream. It was then, when it was too late for anything to be done did the scientists and leaders announce their plan: 
CRYOGENESIS.
In short, every human on the planet would be relocated to one of several massive cryogenic stations located across the planet; where they would be literally frozen in time alongside tens of thousands of their peers. As humanity slept through the ages, automated machines would slowly reform the surface, demolishing any structures deemed "unsuitable" for the future of the planet; whilst the pollution would gradually seep into the earth, where it would be contained for generations to come. To make sure that any potential problems would be swiftly dealt with, the machines were authorized to use their artificial intelligence; however, to prevent full sentience, automatic emotion limiters were implanted. These revitalization mechatrons, or "re-mechs" as they were widely known, were to bear the cost of humanity’s mistake.
It was estimated that such a grand revitalization project would take hundreds of years, so the builders of the cryogenic stations set their timers accordingly. Fearing for their safety as they slept, the builders also constructed a worldwide system of computers, which would watch over and monitor the hibernating masses. With countless safety measures and back-up systems in place, the doors were opened to the hundred million humans who now solely inhabited the planet. When the last human was secured in his cryogenic pod, the computers metaphorically "pushed the button", sending a healthy dose of Liquid Helium-3 to every single pod occupant. Within seconds, every human on the planet was sound asleep, each surrounded by an icy cocoon. When they awoke from their Great Sleep, hundreds of years later, they would step out to a new paradise, free from the problems of the past... 
Well, that was what was supposed to happen...
*
CRYOGEN-13 SUB0786a-c. Awakening mainframe. Checking power levels... checking... checking. Check Complete. Power levels sufficient. Running diagnostic of Main System... Analysing... Referring to past records... Analysing... Comparing... Power Capacity... 98% of maximum. 
Initiating population survey… initiating… complete… displaying results: Average Pulse... 0. Average Brainwave Wavelength... 0Hz. Timer amount left... 15 778 463 000 Seconds Remaining. System Analysis Complete. 
Initiate Annual Pod Analysis, Pods 5764-9923. Initiate pulse recorder… checking… checking. Check Complete. Pulse levels are zero. Initiate neural activity scanner… checking… checking. Check Complete. Neural activity minimal. Initiate Magnetic Seal safety check… checking… checking. Check Complete. 
Malfunction in Pod 7728 detected. Error. Re-checking Pod... Checking. Check Complete. Persistent anomaly detected. Cause unknown… Consulting A.I Core. Reactive action determined. Pod is broken. Eject HUM-7728 and return Pod to Repair console. 
Initiating ejection of HUM-7728, Name: Barsch La Tergan. Height: 5 feet, 11 inches. Age: 16, at time of cryogenesis. Father: Error Message 221. Mother: Error Message 222. Date of Birth: Error Message 223. Error. Error. HUM-7728 Pulse increasing. Error. HUM-7728 Neural Activity rising. Error. Error. Errr. 
HUM-7728 ejected from Pod. 
Containment anomaly detected. Holding Seal Interference detected. Warning. Warning. HUM-7728 threat levels correlated. Threat level… Maximum. Potential danger to surrounding pods if allowed to awaken. Running simulation… running… simulation complete. Best course of action determined…
Initializing ejection of HUM-7728 from facility… 
Ejection authorized by A.I Core. Disposal chute activated. Disposing… disposal complete. HUM-7728 confirmed to have exited the facility. Cancelling Alarms j-09 to h-72. Returning Pod 7728 to Cradle. Checking Pods 7729-9923. Check Complete. No other anomalies detected. Self-lockdown initiated. 
Logging HUM-7728 as terminated due to Pod Malfunction…


Part One: Leave-Takings
Chapter I: Rude Awakening
In which our sleeping prince meets his princess...

The cold rays of the sun alighted on the body lying prostrate on the ground several miles from the Station. The body would occasionally twitch, as if a malignant puppeteer had just discovered the joys of full-neural control and was savouring the experience. It was an unusual dance as the brain began to check the efficiency of limbs unused for decades. 
The light coating of ice slowly formed a puddle around HUM-7728 or Barsch as he was known to friends and family alike. It is impossible to accurately describe in words what it feels like to be unfrozen, but one may liken it to the first gulp of air after surfacing from a freezing pool. It is said that every nerve in the body screams with pain as neural pathways are reformed and tested. 
Pain, Pleasure, Heat, Cold, every sensation checked and double-checked as the brain desperately tries to reaffirm that its vessel has retained all its limbs and protuberances. The consciousness at this point is fragmented, like a mirror smashed into a thousand pieces. Once the body has been verified fit for duty, the consciousness coalesces and reforms into something resembling the norm. This is what actually happens, but to the man lying in the freezing pool of slush, only a slight tingling sensation and a feeling of disorientation is observed. After almost twenty minutes of inaction, Barsch La Tergan awoke to his new surroundings.
Confusion followed after nausea as the last remnants of Barsch booted up. Lying there, eyes still shut tight and body unresponsive, Barsch thought of what his first sight might be. The scientists, clad in white and grey, had spoken to the assembled masses, telling them of what was to come. No more pollution, no more painful breaths, no more sorrow, they had promised, as they had ushered the survivors into their pods. And he had believed every word, every honeyed promise. 
And why shouldn’t he have? He was merely a boy, and they were Men, men who were going to change the world. And so, even without looking, he knew what he would see: green, verdant fields filled with life, and an endless, azure sky above, filled with birdsong. This image grew within him, giving him the strength he needed to force his body to awaken. Slowly, but unrelentingly, he forced his unwilling lids to open, to confirm with his own eyes the paradise around him.
And then, barely half an hour after waking up, Barsch’s world ended.
*
Gnarled trees with bleached white bark stood in rows, like a living graveyard. Streams wove through the dead land like multi-coloured lanes of death, as any life within was slowly devoured by the acidic spray. Even the grass, the very foundation of nature, had been painted midnight black by ash and decay. Overcome by what had become of the land, Barsch raised his eyes to the heavens, tears in his eyes due to the noxious smell, and cried out in terror. 
An ugly, maddening apparition greeted him; for what had once been the deep grey of the skies had been replaced by a sickening, violet-red hue. It was as if the heavens had been pierced, and the blood of countless souls had been allowed to trickle down to the world below. Before the Great Sleep, the planet had been dying… now, it was decomposing.
The stark contrast between expectation and reality, and the realization that his world was just as doomed as when he had left it rendered Barsch speechless. He lay there, eyes unblinking, captivated by the horrid sight of his former home. Had the scientists been wrong? Or had they known all along, that they could not save the world? And then, as Barsch’s mind slowed to a crawl, a horrible thought stole over him. 
“Was there even a timer on those pods? Maybe we were supposed to stay there, asleep, until the end of time. Our last thoughts would be ones of hope and trust, forever frozen in place in our naïve minds. Those pods weren’t for our protection… they were coffins, for our preservation…”  
With this morose thought in mind, Barsch began to close his eyes. If he had truly never meant to awaken, then perhaps he should just fall asleep, and wait for death. In this way, he would be spared from his grim realisation, and the horrors of the world which had birthed it.
“NO!” he cried, his solemn voice breaking the terrible silence. 
He could not let himself die here, without even trying to find the truth. Maybe the scientists had been wrong, or maybe they had known, but that did not change anything.  The feeling of the metal grate beneath him, the foul smell assaulting his nose, even the bubbling from the stream, these things told him that he was alive… trapped on a dying world and alone, but alive nonetheless. If he gave up now, he would be shaming his father, and desecrating the memory of his mother, who had given her life for his. What would she say to him, if she found out that he had thrown away the life she had fought so hard to protect? 
With a strangled roar, he forced himself to stand and take in the remainder of his surroundings. He had been lying on a large, metal grate, upon which the words, “DISPOSAL CHUTE” had been engraved. Reaching down, he tried to find a groove or handle, but the grate was smooth and immobile. It was clear to him that re-entry, at least through this grate, was impossible. Looking up, he analysed the land, searching for anything that might help. 
He was in a valley, with imposing cliffs on three sides and the stream winding its way down the middle. The chute had been placed on a small hill, which quickly ramped up to become the northern cliff. He was a good climber, and could probably scale the cliffs given enough time and patience, but he did not want to risk injury so soon after waking. Instead, he peered to the opposite end of the valley, where the cliffs gave way to miles of rolling hills and dead trees. In the distance, he could just barely make out something… green? 
A sudden wave of nausea briefly took his focus away from the impossible sight, and when he had finished retching, he refocused his gaze. He was sure that what he had seen -what he had thought he had seen- must have been a mirage. He was sure of this because no loving creator would torment a soul as lost as him with such false hope. 
But there it was: a fleck of green, a smudge of colour on a barren landscape. Somewhere out there, beyond the confines of the valley, there was life. 
His legs still stiff and his chest tight, Barsch took his first step, although in this case, it was more of a stumble. Cursing his defrosting body, he tried again, with a little more success. It was unfortunate, but Hope had infected him, tearing reason away from his fragile mind. Without it, he could leave the safety of the valley, and head towards an uncertainty that could be the death of him. His eyes now affixed on the distant speck of green, Barsch began to walk forward, leaving the place of his awakening behind.
*
He walked solemnly for several minutes, mindful of where he trod, knowing that a misstep could lead to death. As he approached the stream, his heart sank another notch. Could any living thing survive in these conditions, let alone humans? He took a deep breath and immediately regretted it as deadly airborne pollutants filled his lungs, causing wracking coughs that lasted for several minutes. His podsuit, a basic garment not designed for protection, provided no sanctuary from the death filled air. He ripped a small portion of his sleeve off and used it as a rudimentary gas mask. It would not really help, but it put his mind at ease as his body slowly shut down, the pollution gradually sapping his strength. 
After almost an hour of walking, Barsch neared the end of the valley. His body cried out in pain as his newly awakened muscles were pushed beyond their nascent limits. Since he last looked, the speck of green had blossomed into a horizontal strip of foliage. The emerald leaves and earthly brown bark a brazen statement about the tenacity of nature. On either side of the living wood lay miles of white stumps, suggesting that the grove was the last remnant of a once great forest that had been felled by man and time. At his current pace, it would be another half-hour of walking to reach the sanctuary. 
However, given how each step had grown slightly shorter, and his vision had begun to blur at the edges, he reasoned that he would not reach the shelter in time. Before the Great Sleep, such a journey would have been easy, but with his weak body and the pollutant rich air, it was more akin to running a marathon. In order to reach the grove before his body gave up, he would have to redouble his efforts. 
Using pure willpower to force his tortured limbs to move, Barsch began to pick up speed. His slow trot became a fierce sprint, and the dead landscape started to blur. “Faster!” he cried, trying to send the thought to his aching legs and enable them to make it a reality. And they did, to his amazement.
It was as if his body had been storing all of its energy since he had first closed his eyes, and was now releasing it all in one burst of activity. Three hundred feet, two-fifty… the grove called to him, a siren song of hope that robbed him of his pain. 
One-fifty, one hundred… he could almost taste the water from the clear forest pool. Fifty feet, twenty, ten, zero… he had made it… although it had cost him greatly. If his legs had been on fire before, they had become molten now. His lungs burned with every breath, depriving him of the oxygen he now needed more than ever. His vision was filled with black smudges, and thinking anything other than, “I made it!” was impossible.
*
After five minutes of deep, laboured breathing, he began to calm down. He had made it, but he was still unsure of what exactly he had made it to. Looking around at his green sanctuary, his heart was relieved of some of its merriment. Life here was not immune to the effects of the miasma, and Barsch observed that several trees had already begun to crack and wither. The grass, while predominantly green, had large patches of black and grey, signalling the beginning of the end. Cautiously, he began to wander forth, his eyes searching for, and finding, more signs of decay. Given two or perhaps three years, this verdant grove would become deathly silent, a mirror image of the grey hill he had woken up on.
As he wandered further in, a strange -although not unwelcome- feeling overtook him. The weariness and gloom was wiped from his mind, replaced by optimism and purpose. He had been brought here, by fate or luck, for a reason. With that thought driving him, he quickened his pace and lifted his gaze from the floor to the horizon. He stripped his make-shift filter from his face, wanting to breathe in the sweet air of the grove without barrier or hindrance. His limbs felt weightless, and he even contemplated grasping a nearby branch to keep from floating away. Even the feeling of loneliness, the one constant he had carried over from his pre-Great Sleep days, had vanished. 
For all he knew, it had been centuries since he last walked upon the world, but this thought died in the face of his inexplicably positive mood. And although he knew the likelihood of finding another human was slim, something told him that everything would work out for the best. 
With his eyes now facing forward, he was able to see a distant break in the trees. There, just a few dozen feet away, was an opening, a place in which he could catch up with his runaway thoughts and rest his tired husk. Moving towards the glade, another strange feeling overcame him, although this was decidedly different. It was a feeling of destiny, of Fate stepping into the world and grabbing hold of him, dragging him towards his unavoidable future. Whether that future would bring him ruin or salvation, however, was something he would just have to wait for.
If another person had been in the wood that day, they would have seen a young man or an old child, -depending on the viewer’s perspective- with untameable, midnight black hair and eyes that were forever caught between blue and green. His body was muscular, but lean, a result of the burdens of living in a dying world. He was wearing a black podsuit, with blue lines etched into the seams, providing a welcome break from the monochromic suit. He was tall for his age, but had always stooped in order to deter attention. 
In short, he was almost completely unremarkable for someone living before the Great Sleep, however, in this world seemingly devoid of any other humans, his was a unique existence.
*
The fading light helped to illuminate the small glade, bathing it in shades of red and pink. The rose hued light fell softly on the green grass of the clearing, a sight which was added to the growing list of impossible things. Kneeling down, he plucked a single blade, needing confirmation of its healthy emerald hue. It was alive, of that much he was sure, yet he could not fathom how it -and the grove- had remained impervious to the corroding pollution. 
Ever since his rough awakening, he had seen naught but death and decay, with even the green of the forest a washed-out eulogy to its former vigour. But this glade, this circle of life, was a bastion of hope for Barsch. If grass still grew here, and trees still kept their leafy adornments, then perhaps the blight had not been as destructive as he had thought. As he was examining the emerald defiance of expectation, a soft sound broke through his thoughts. It was a bubbly sound, unmistakably formed when flowing water met inert rock. Looking up, he found the source: a small, -less than a foot wide- clear-blue stream. The bubbling brook weaved its way through the small clearing, cutting a sinuous path into the field of green.
As he stood, yet another of his senses noticed a change in the air. He had not noticed it sooner, simply because it was the absence of something that he had long taken for granted: the smell of decay. From his moment of waking to his first sighting of the isolated green of the forest, the stench of death had been unmistakable. But now, as he actively searched for the putrid odour, he could not find it. In its place was a smell that he had long forgotten: the sickly-sweet scent of life. 
It came from all around him, rising up from the glade like a swooning bubble of joy. The moment the smell touched his body, an unbidden -but not unwelcome- smile brightened his sallow face. It was as if the clearing was washing away his fatigue, his worries, and his burdened state of mind. For the first time in a very long time, Barsch felt at peace. At that moment in time, he would not be at all hostile to the suggestion of staying in the glade forever. Even the ghostly apparition at the far end of the glade could not dim his mood.
“Wait... what?”
There, near the far tree-line, was a ghost. At first, Barsch thought that she was merely a trick of the light; or something conjured up from the depths of his memories, and brought to life by his recent distress. But, as he calmed down from his sudden realisation of its presence, he looked closer. 
The ghost, if that is what it was, had taken the form of a young girl. Although he was generally a poor judge of age, Barsch put her age near his. She was shorter than him, but not by much, and she had a figure that could only be described as slim. In keeping with her ghostly theme, her hair was the colour of the afterlife: moonlight white. It swayed in the breeze, even though no wind had found its way inside the glade. She was standing with her back towards Barsch, her hidden eyes seemingly searching the darkening sky. 
And, despite her unearthly appearance, Barsch thought that she was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
“Um...  Hello?” As far as memorable first words, they were not the best, although they did get her attention.
As she turned, time seemed to slow to a crawl. The green of the grass; the black of the early night sky; even the blue of the bubbling brook; all became washed-out shades of grey in comparison to her.  Barsch's eyes were first drawn to her unbelievably pale skin, followed by a quick glance at her ivory toned lips, until finally working their way up to her eyes. 
Her eyes were like no other, and to call them unique would sully the word itself. They shone from within with a violet light, like dual windows into a place unvisited by man. However, in that place, in that time, they were the final pieces of the puzzle. With time still suffering a prolonged delay -which must have wrought a great deal of damage to the space-time continuum- their eyes met. 
His, with their eternal battle between green and blue, and Hers, with their violet iris's boring a hole into his soul. And in that moment, Barsch knew that she lived, for no god, no matter how cruel, would rob such a beautiful enigma of its life. 
For Barsch, it was a moment of confusion, as feelings of shock fought against feelings of wonder, leaving a perplexed smile on his face as the victor. He half-wished that the moment would never end, while his other half hoped that the end could not come soon enough. It was in that moment -when his mind was in turmoil- he felt something take root. At first, it was a subtle feeling, like a half-forgotten memory trying to resurface, but every passing non-second it grew bigger. It was a feeling of bondage, of a link between him and the girl with violet eyes. Even in his confused state, he could tell that it was real, though he could not tell if the bond was one of slavery, or bliss.
Slowly, yet still taking longer than Barsch would have liked, time resumed its eternal pace. As it did, the moment in which Barsch's eyes met those of the enigma faded, leaving only silence.
Until the enigma took a small step forward, and said, “Who am I?” 
Of all of the things Barsch had imagined her saying, her asking who she was had not even made it onto the list. However, before he had a chance to answer her soft-spoken query, she fell. 
It was a delicate collapse, one that suited her lithe figure, but it was a fall nonetheless. As she fell, the light in her eyes went out, like the dying breath of a star. Her ivory-framed head was cushioned by the soft grass, as Barsch’s legs had become frozen where he stood. The suddenness of it all had claimed his reflex to spring forward and catch her, a fact which would most likely haunt his dreams for many years to come. 
Finally, he managed to shake of his shackles of shock and surprise, forcing his body to go to her aid. His first step was hard, as he had expected, but the weakness of his second surprised even him. It was if all of his reclaimed energy had been spent on their meeting. Already, he could feel his earlier fatigue return, sapping what little strength he had left. 
“Come on Barsch! Whoever she is, she needs you! I don't care where you get it, but I need you to dig down deep and come up with some more energy. And I'm not taking no for answer!”
 Barsch briefly stopped to consider the fact that he was, in effect, shouting at himself, but the sight of the girl allowed him to temporarily ignore any questions about his sanity. 
Struggling to move, Barsch inched forward to the unconscious girl, determined to reach her side, no matter the cost. And although every step was a cry of agony, and despite the siren song of sleep coming from a treacherous part of his mind, he persevered.
After what seemed like an eternity, he finally made it to the sleeping girl. He barely had enough time to check her for injuries before his own fatigue felled him like a rotten trunk. 
As he fell forward, he had just enough time to look at her pale, otherworldly face. It was resting on a bed of dead grass, which had begun to spread outwards from her immobile body. 
That should have disturbed him, the sight of the grass dying, or the smell of decay returning, but at that moment, his focus was on her. With only her in his sight, he lay down, or rather, collapsed to the earth. With his last molecule of energy, he reached out his hand, until it found hers. Her slim fingers felt so brittle, but there was a solidity to her that comforted him. And although it was faint, he could make out an erratic pulse. She was alive, unconscious and apparently amnesiac, but alive. 
His last thoughts, as sleep finally claimed him, were, “Who is she?”
As this tableau of activity faded, a new sound entered the glade: the crunch of leaves under heavy boots, which were worn by an unseen watcher now approaching the two slumbering youths.


Chapter II: The Hermit
In which a harsh reality awaits...

AWAKEN.
How long has it been since I last slept? Since I last dreamt? Hundreds of years of cryo-stasis… and not even a single dream… not even a single thought. And now? I can sleep, I can dream, but the price I paid for such a privilege… 
Why was I the only one to awaken? Why was I the only one chosen to suffer? Is it karma? It is fate? Or is it merely the cruel humour of some unforeseen god? I never asked for this… I never wanted to be special… I just wanted to be… me… 
So, should I rebel? Should I curse the gods for everything that has happened or should I just accept that life is pointless, and see what lies at the end of this dark path? I don’t know…
 Before I stepped inside that pod, before I closed my eyes, life was so very simple. The world was ending, and we could do nothing but hold tight and try to ride out the storm, hoping that we would live to see tomorrow. 
Now? We have ghosts and demons and regret… 
Now? We have sleep, and dreams, and agonizing, meaningless hope…
The Glade. The place of destiny. The place of death. The place of dreams….
AWAKEN.
How could I have been so foolish? How could I have believed for even one second that I would find solace here? I should have stayed on that fetid hill, and waited patiently for the end. Instead, I find myself standing in a glade… in The Glade. This is a dream that much I know, because if this were reality, then the vision standing before me would already be gone. 
She is here, the girl with violet eyes. The girl with ivory-white hair. The girl with no name. She is standing where she stood before, in that other, less desirable place. This time, she does not fall. Instead, she turns to me, with her eyes full of hope and sadness.
“Help me, please, help me!” she cries, as crimson tears start to trickle down her face. 
The dream shudders, sending the earth itself soaring into the air. I fall to the floor, trying to find an anchor for my flailing body. The sky wheels overhead as I try to regain my balance. I look around and see that the glade has vanished, replaced by an endless darkness. The girl is still here, a rock in the storm. Turning to me, she extends a pale hand, beckoning me closer. I reach for it, but another shudder sends me reeling. The landscape blurs once more and I find myself back on that bone dry hill. I want to scream but my words have left me, fleeing after my escaping sanity. 
Another shudder, another blur of colour and sound, and another new location. I am standing before my pod, a monstrous thing designed not for comfort but for salvation. The girls sleeps within, and try as I might, I cannot break the glass shell that keeps her from me. 
AWAKEN.
Again, a blur of colour. I am once again within the glade, staring at the violet-eyed girl. I’m tired of this charade. I’m tired of this dream, and its maddening randomness. Turning my back on the girl, I try and run, but an unseen force stops me in my tracks. I cannot move. I cannot speak. 
Only my eyes are left under my control, wheeling wildly within their recesses. She is close enough to smell now, a smell of sickly sweet honey, mixed in with the noxious fumes of the pollution. She closes her eyes as she embraces my paralyzed form, and as she looks up to me, I begin to scream, her bluish-green eyes boring into my mind.
AWAKEN!
*
With a stifled cry and a sudden jerk, Barsch awoke to the world. The nightmare was still fresh in his mind, and he felt that if he closed his eyes once more, he would return to that terrible glade. Instead, he let his eyes wander around the small room he now found himself in, hoping to find some confirmation that he was truly awake. He had been placed by unknown hands into a large, comfortable bed, which lay in the centre of what looked like a study. 
Books of every shape and colour had been dropped carelessly around the bed, while more still could be found in the many bookshelves lining the room. A desk -most likely made of oak or pine- lay to his right, covered in yet more books and discarded papers. Just beyond it was a single open window, through which the morning rays of the sun streamed in like a golden river. It was a far cry from the cold, featureless pod which had been his only home for the last few centuries. It was warm, well-lit, and above all, it was a sure sign that someone else had survived the end of the world.
“Good morning m’boy! Hope you slept well?” 
It took Barsch a moment to realise that the voice had not come from inside his own head, and had instead originated from the doorway. Before Barsch turned to see the speaker, he took a moment to take in his voice, which was soft, but full of warmth. If this turned out to be yet another layer to his dream, he at least wanted to savour this happiness for a moment or two.
His mind ready for disappointment, and his heart full of hope, Barsch turned his gaze towards the wooden doorway. There, outlined by a corona of morning light, stood an old man.
For a moment, Barsch just stared at the man, taking in every detail and analysing it. The first and most striking feature were his piercing green eyes, which reminded Barsch of the deep, dark forests of old. Next was the great expanse of white hair which covered up most of his face and neck, which matched the tangled mane which encircled his crown, save for a large bald spot at its peak. His skin was tanned and leathery, the result of decades spent under a harsh sun. A pair of oak-rimmed reading glasses hanging from a silver chain and a heavily scratched, gold wedding ring was the only adornments Barsch could see. 
The man was wearing a badly frayed brown overcoat, which had been mended with dozens of coloured squares of fabric, making it hard to tell where the repairs ended and the original coat began. A dark green shirt, matching the colour of his eyes, and a pair of faded grey pants rounded out the old man’s attire; aside from a barely mentionable pair of brown boots. Barsch’s first thought was that, viewed from afar, the man was likely to appear as a giant, moss-covered mound. His second thought, after he chided himself on his childishness, was that such an outfit was perfect for traversing a forest unseen.
“Confused?” the old man asked, in a concerned tone. Barsch, still needing more time to find his voice, merely nodded in reply. 
“I can imagine. Well, you don’t have to be afraid, I’m a friend, and you can ask me anything!” 
Barsch nodded once more, giving his brain enough time to formulate his first question. “Who are you?” he asked, wanting to know the name of his saviour.
“Ah! Of course, how silly of me not to introduce myself! My name is Kingston, and this is my humble abode,” the old man replied, gesturing to the rest of the study.
“Nice to meet you, mister-”
“Just Kingston, lad, if you please…” 
Clearing his throat, Barsch tried again, “Nice to meet you, Kingston. I’m Barsch, Barsch La Tergan.”
“And it is a pleasure to meet you too, Barsch.”
It was at this point that Barsch noticed something very strange about this situation: his pain and fatigue from running to the grove was missing. Not suppressed by the shock of Kingston’s existence, or repressed by a still asleep body, but missing. Even with a whole night’s sleep, his body should still have borne at least some evidence of his exhausting actions.
“Kingston?” he asked, afraid to ask the question that had been in his mind since he first awoke.
“Yes m’boy?” 
“How long have I been asleep?” 
The moment the words touched Kingston, he changed. His warm smile immediately lost some of its width, and his bright eyes darkened. After a long pause, Barsch’s saviour sighed and said, “Twenty years… plus the two days since I found you in the forest.” 
The words hit Barsch like a sack of bricks, driving him back into the soft mattress. The fact that he had been asleep for the last two days barely even registered, when compared to the knowledge that he had been in cryo-stasis for more than two decades. 
“But… but, the scientists said that the cryo-sleep would last for more than five centuries! How can I have already awoken?” Barsch stammered, trying to keep his wits from leaving him. 
However, a small part of him, one wholly separate from the nervous wreck lying in the stranger’s bed, had already begun to put the pieces together. The reason why the world was still so polluted, why none of the scientists promises had come true, and why no one else was awake… was all because he had been awoken centuries too soon.
“Your guess is as good as mine, m’boy. All I know is that when I went to gather new plants, I found the last thing I ever expected to see again: people.” Barsch searched Kingston’s face for any trace of a lie, but either the old man had an unbeatable poker face or he was telling the truth. 
A sudden bout of coughing ended Barsch’s turn at asking questions, and brought a new expression to Kingston’s face: fear.
“I’m sorry; I shouldn’t have made you talk so much. Some Caretaker I turned out to be... You must be starving, right?” Kingston said, in an apologetic tone.
A sudden loud rumble from the direction of Barsch’s stomach was all the answer Kingston needed. “Wait here, I’ll fetch you something to eat.” And then he was gone, just as suddenly as he had arrived.
A minute later, Barsch heard the distinct sound of metal striking metal, along with the rare aroma of rosemary and nutmeg, which flowed through the open door and wrapped itself around his famished frame. With his caretaker gone, Barsch took the opportunity to peel back the heavy bedcover and get to his feet. Again, he was surprised by how limber his body felt, in spite of the rigorous exercise he had subjected it to. After a few small stretches and a fruitless search for injuries, Barsch began to explore his new surroundings.
Bending down, he gave a quick glance at the tattered books strewn about the bedside. Some were normal story books, like “The Legend of Geondal”; “Marvellous Tales of Grandeur and Mystery, Part VII”; “Novalith Saint” and “Lasienda and The Star of the North”, while some held more contemporary titles, such as “Famous Blades: A Retrospective Look at World Defining Weapons” and “Quantum Physics: The Key to Our Salvation?” Moving on, Barsch tiptoed over to the open window, hoping to get a better idea of his location. 
The first thing that Barsch noticed was the absence of the smell of decay. The second thing was the massive storm cloud stretching across the horizon. The third thing, and by far the most troubling, was the colour of the cloud: acid green. Lowering his gaze, Barsch saw that he was in but one room of a large, wood-walled cottage. Ringing the thatch-roofed structure was a chest high wooden fence, with what looked like red and yellow wires running above the steel-bolted posts. A small generator, located by the front door, gave power to the wires, electrifying them and turning the fence into a formidable barrier. 
Taking up the space between the fence and the cottage were several rows of ploughed earth, each containing a different herb or vegetable. Aside each plough was a long, curved sheet of metal, which looked as though it could be swung over the plants to protect them from birds and acidic rainfall if the need arose. All in all, it was a sanctuary, and in Barsch’s current condition, it was exactly what he had needed.
Closing his eyes, Barsch said a quick prayer of thanks to any gods who happened to be lingering nearby, before returning to the bed. Peering through the open doorway, Barsch espied a short hallway, with a closed door on each side. At the other end lay the kitchen, where he could hear Kingston cooking his breakfast. Instead of waiting for the old man to finish, Barsch left the study and crossed the hallway, intent on helping out. 
*
The kitchen was a rather simple affair, with only a rudimentary stove and a hand-crafted table being worth description. Kingston was bent over the stove, a ladle in one hand and a knife in the other. Noticing Barsch’s entrance, he turned and gave the youth a broad smile, before exclaiming, “Hunger got the best of you, eh? Not to worry, breakfast will be ready in a bit” 
Once again, Barsch’s rumbling stomach answered for him, which only served to widen Kingston’s smile. He gestured to the table, where a solitary chair stood. Taking the cue, Barsch sat and a moment later, Kingston laid a bowl of vegetable soup before him.
“Butternut soup, my personal favourite!” he exclaimed, handing Barsch a wooden spoon. 
“We thank the gods for this generous gift,” said Barsch, using a rather old-fashioned thanksgiving prayer. 
Kingston’s eyebrows rose slightly in surprise, but all he said was, “Rare to see such a well-mannered young lad these days.”
“I’ll bet,” replied Barsch, letting out a soft chuckle. Raising the soup-laden spoon to his lips, Barsch braced himself for the taste. Even if it was not to his liking, he refused to show distaste in front of his generous host. To his surprise, and delight, the meal was delicious, and he eagerly scooped up the rest in a matter of seconds. Without saying a word, Kingston took the bowl and refilled it. Twice more this happened, until Barsch could not eat another bite.
“That’s what I like to see, a young man with a healthy appetite!” Kingston announced with a loud chuckle. Barsch was leaning back in a rather contented manner when he spotted a second bowl by the stove. Up until that point, Barsch had been successful in keeping the violet-eyed girl out of his mind, but the sight of the still-full bowl brought it all back: the surreal encounter in the glade, her otherworldly appearance, and the terrifying dream she had caused. 
Kingston too, had noticed his gaze, and said, “Now, m’boy, I think it’s time we got to the matter at hand... Who is that girl I found beside you?”
For a second, Barsch thought about lying, and saying that she was like him, but one look in Kingston’s piercing green eyes stopped him. “I… I don’t know who she is… I met her in that glade, and she fainted just after I called out to her.”
“I see,” said Kingston, sounding somewhat relieved, “Well, she certainly is unique, I’ll give you that.”
“How is she?” 
“Sleeping like a log… a ghostly, white haired log…” replied Kingston, looking suddenly uncomfortable. 
“I have to tell you, boy, I ain’t ever seen anything like her before, and trust me, I’ve seen almost everything there is to see. Ever since I brought her here, it’s been… weird.”
“In what way?” asked Barsch, curious.
“It’s hard to explain. It’s like… well, have you ever been in a sterilization chamber?” 
“Once, when I was little. I can still remember it clearly though, the humming air filters, and the decontamination showers. It was awful.”
“Exactly! It’s as if she’s gone and sterilized the whole cottage! Even the termites have vanished, and they were here before I was!”
“You make it sound like she’s some kind of lab experiment. She’s a… human, just like us, right?” asked Barsch, not sure if he wanted to know either way.
Kingston, still standing by the stove, took a moment to answer. When he eventually did, it was with a hesitant tone. “Yes… I believe so, but I still can’t shake the feeling that she might be something… more…” 
Rising, Barsch thought about how he should defend the girl’s humanity, but stopped when he realised he couldn’t. Before the Great Sleep, there had been those who had sought to alter their features through genetic manipulation, but that had been mostly cosmetic in purpose, and rarely worked perfectly. Growing up, he had heard horror stories of people who had gambled with their genes and lost, ending up with disfiguring abnormalities or worse. In response, the government had implemented the Derickson Act, which outlawed any and all forms of genetic experimentation, thereby bringing an end to the stories. 
Following on from this trail of thought, Barsch began thinking about genetics, and how the rampant pollution had produced some rather startling genetic abominations. Entire species had been decimated, and those that had survived had been… changed, as their evolution was kicked into hyperdrive in order to adapt to the new world. Looking at Kingston tidying up, a random thought entered Barsch’s head. One that he would later chide himself for not thinking of sooner.
“Kingston, I have a question…”
Without turning, the old hermit replied, “Ask away, m’boy.”
“How have you managed to survive all these years? I mean, twenty years ago, the pollution was so bad that you couldn’t go anywhere without a gas mask, so how come you’re able to live here without any side-effects?”
Kingston said nothing for several long seconds, as he industriously cleaned the utensils he had used. Eventually, when every pan and piece of cutlery sparkled, he turned.
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that there were absolutely no side-effects… You see, you can’t really trust everything the government says. Out here, I discovered that it is possible to live in the pollution, but it takes a whole lot of luck, and just the right kind of approach. I grew up in a time when the pollution wasn’t nearly as bad as it is today, and as I grew, my body gradually got used to its effects. Of course, it isn’t as easy as that. I have a very… unique… genetic structure that made it easier for my body to adapt to the pollution. Without it, I would have suffered the same fate as any other.” 
From what little Barsch knew of the long-term effects of pollution, Kingston’s story seemed to check out, but there was still something that he wasn’t telling, something important.
“But, Kingston, every living human was audited and sent to the Stations; so why are you here, in a cottage all by yourself?”
Had he gone too far? The thought suddenly entered Barsch’s mind, bringing with it the associated guilt and remorse. Here he was, questioning the very man responsible for saving his life. Kingston’s smile had disappeared when he heard the question, further reinforcing the notion that Barsch had overstepped his boundaries. 
With a heavy sigh, the aged hermit spoke, “Well, it’s rather a long story, and one that I haven’t had to tell in decades. Before the Great Sleep, when people still thought that the pollution could be stopped, I was somewhat important in my field. However, I had some ideas that didn’t exactly… click, with what my superiors believed. At first, they tried to change my mind, but when I continued to speak out, they publicly denounced me, and my work. As long as they lived, I would never again be able to get a job or be heard by the community.”
As he spoke, Kingston walked over to a nearby window, his face hidden. His voice grew softer as he said, “So I left it all behind me, and entered a self-imposed exile. And just as I forgot about them, it seems that they forgot about me too. So when my name came up on the census, I guess they just assumed that I had died; so they crossed my name of the list, and no one ever came to bother me again. That was nearly seventeen years before the Great Sleep began, and I have been living here ever since.”
“I’m sorry… I didn’t know…” said Barsch meekly, wishing he could go back in time and stop himself from asking his hurtful question.
“It’s okay, m’boy, no harm done. In fact, I’m actually a little bit glad that I stayed true to my beliefs. If I hadn’t… If I had been like everyone else and gone along with their plan, then I would be frozen right now, and you would still be lying in that glade. I guess fate is tricky like that. You think everything is just a random string of coincidences, until you look back one day and see the path you have taken, and wonder if there was truly any other way things could have played out...” 
Barsch could sense that the old hermit no longer wished to talk about the past, so he instead asked, “Do you think I could see… her? I want to make sure she’s alright…” 
And just like that, the smile on Kingston’s face returned. Placing a firm hand on Barsch’s shoulder, he led the youth back down the passage, before stopping at one of the closed doors. Raising a hand, Kingston almost knocked on the door, before stopping himself. Chuckling, he instead placed his palm on the doorknob, turning it gently. It swung open soundlessly, and the hermit entered without hesitation.
Taking a deep breath, Barsch followed him, crossing the foreboding threshold.
*
The room they entered was much larger than the study, and filled with light courtesy of two large windows. The large, sturdy bed in the centre of the room looked well worn, and Barsch reasoned that they had just entered the main bedroom. At one end of the room lay a small military cot, which, judging by the covers apparently thrown off in haste, had been recently slept in. A small dresser occupied a space across from the bed, and Barsch could see several dirty shirts inside. 
On one wall, a poster had been put up, which read, “COME AND FIGHT FOR GLORY AND HONOUR! JOIN THE ARMY AND PROTECT YOUR COUNTRY FROM THE GREEDY FOREIGNERS! ENLIST TODAY!!!” Above the words, they had placed a picture of a handsome soldier surrounded by a cheering crowd. Below the poster, several medals and insignias had been placed in a framed box. In the centre of the box, framed by the medals, was a small knife, with a gleaming blade and polished ebony-wood handle. 
There was a faded note beneath the box which looked like it had been carefully preserved. Curiosity overcoming common sense, Barsch moved forward and tried to see what was written there. He could only see the final line, but it was more than enough. With a blocky yet elegant script, it read, “...birthday, I hope you find a good use for this. Hopefully, you will be able to save a life with this blade, just as I did. Love, Dad.”
“Heh heh, wasn’t really expecting company you see. I would have tidied up a bit, but I guess I just forgot how to do that, over the years,” he appeared to notice Barsch’s glance at the poster, and hastily said, “Don’t mind that old thing, it’s just... it’s just something that I received a long time ago, from a dear friend.”
The girl was lying in the large bed in the centre of the room, looking like a corpse, save for her ever so feeble breath which periodically escaped from her pale lips. Even seeing her in the light, Barsch could tell that she was beyond beautiful. With her lightly-toned skin and ivory-white hair, she could have been a doll. But those eyes, those ethereal, unnatural eyes, could only belong to something living… something so tragically mortal.
“She’s been like this the whole time, occasionally she mumbles something under her breath, but it’s too faint to make out” said Kingston.
“Is there any way to wake her? Like you did for me?” Barsch asked, looking at the sleeping beauty before him.
“I didn’t do anything for you except wait, m’boy, and I suggest we do the same for her. As long as her vitals are stable, and her condition doesn’t decline, then there’s no real risk. All we can do is hope she wakes up soon…”
Barsch could see the wisdom in Kingston’s words, but at the same time, a small part of him wanted to shout at the old hermit. Instead of waiting, they should try everything they could think of! But, if they harmed her by accident… if she never awoke because of something he did… Barsch already carried too much guilt to take on more, so he kept quiet, and trusted in Kingston’s experience.
“Then, in the meantime, I think I need to return to Genesis Station 13 and try to find a way inside. If I do, I’ll return here and, well, maybe we could find some spare pods for the two of you… You wouldn’t have to be alone anymore, and I’m sure that when we wake up someone will know how to help her…”
Kingston’s face fell into sadness at Barsch’s words, but the old man tried to cover it up with a cough. It was clear to Barsch that he would not leave this place, even if it meant losing the first visitor and companion he had had in forty years. 
“Well, that sounds good and all, but your return trip will have to wait. I take it that you saw the clouds building outside?”
Barsch nodded, remembering the green-hued clouds covering most of the morning sky. “Those are acidic right? If it rains, it might cause some rust to form, and it could irritate the skin, but if I cover up properly, I don’t really see it as a problem. And besides, acid rainfalls never last more than a few hours, everyone knows that.” 
Kingston gave a low guffaw at Barsch’s explanation, before gently taking his arm and leading him to the window. It had been less than an hour since Barsch last checked, but the cloud had already doubled in size. From deep within it, Barsch could already hear the tell-tale rumblings of thunder, and it looked like it might break at any moment, sending gallons of acidic water raining down upon them.
“In your times, acid rain was more of a nuisance than a threat, but times have changed m’boy. Nowadays, it can rain for days, and the acid is strong enough to burn the skin to the bone. And judging by the size of that cloud, we’re in for a hell of a storm. If luck is on our side, the rain will stop in about two days. If it isn’t, then we could be here for a while.”
“Days? Just how bad have things gotten? I thought the planet was supposed to heal while we slept, not worsen...”
Outwardly he said, “Okay, I get it, I’m not going anywhere. But… is there anything we can do in the meantime?”
Kingston nodded, and, after closing the windows and the shutters, led Barsch from the room. “First, we need to make sure everything is airtight, and that the plants have been covered up. Then, we have to secure all of the windows and check we have enough food to weather the storm. After that… well, we could play chess, or checkers, or read books…”
“Yeah, that sounds… great.” said Barsch, with as much enthusiasm as he could muster. Reflecting on how much worse things could be, he even managed to smile as he said it. Given that he had just spent two decades frozen in a tiny pod, and then two days fast asleep, a few days of relaxation with Kingston for company seemed heavenly by comparison. Following Kingston, Barsch set to work preparing the small cottage for the incoming storm, safe in the knowledge that eventually it would pass, and he could return to where he belonged…
At the same time, just inside the bedroom, the nameless girl began to murmur, “Phase One complete, starting Phase Two…”


Chapter III: The Girl with Violet Eyes
In which a reunion is witnessed...

She’s here again. Waiting in the glade. 
Every time, the same scene repeats itself. Small, innocuous details change but she is always there, waiting. No matter what I do, whether I run or stay, it’s always the same. Once, I tried to respond to her cries, only to find that my mouth had failed me. I try to shut my eyes as she draws near, but once she touches my arm, caresses my skin, my eyes open without my consent. 
Her bloody tears stain my clothes as she embraces me for what seems like the hundredth time. Her unnatural eyes light up as she moves her lips closer, closer to my face. Her eyes change now, swirling into multi-coloured vortexes until settling into two distinct yet mixed colours, one eye shines violet, the other, bluish-green. Once more I start to scream uncontrollably, as the scene darkens... 
She’s here again. Waiting in the glade…
*
The heavy roar of rain was the first thing Barsch heard upon waking, the second was Kingston’s cheery, “Good morning”, as he walked into the kitchen. Barsch had spent most of the previous day preparing the cottage for the storm, and so, when he asked Kingston how he could be useful, he received an unexpected reply.
“Well, the chores are all taken care of, so why don’t you take your time and relax?” the old man had said, while handing Barsch his porridge. Following his advice, Barsch had tried to let his mind wander. And after checking up on the still sleeping girl, Barsch retreated to the study, where he busied himself by cleaning up the scattered books. 
Soon, he had managed to slot almost every book into its rightful place in the bookshelves, and he was free to actually read one. While he had been cleaning, several interesting titles had caught his eye, such as: “The Inner-Cognitive Dissonance and its Effects on History”; “Gravity Well Generators and You” and “Quantum Mechanics: A Collection of Bedtime Quantitative Arguments”, but only one had truly stood out. 
A few minutes of searching later, and he had found the book, with its dark red cover bearing the image of a smokestack. The title, written in elaborate, cursive script, was “Over-Pollution: A Brief History of our Greatest Folly”. It had been written by Doctor S. Mendel, a prominent scientist and ecology expert who had lived before the Great Sleep. Opening the tome, Barsch scanned the index, before settling on a chapter titled “The Creed Event”. Turning to the section, Barsch saw that it had been largely copied and pasted from the personal diary of the author:
Day 13: It has been almost two weeks since this expedition began, and today, we finally found what we came here for. While exploring the nearby cave system, Goat came across a partially sealed chamber containing hitherto unbelievable levels of pollution. It seems to have come from the nearby re-mech factory, obviously slowly building up over a number of years. 
Thankfully, it is still in crystalline form, but we have decided to erect a containment field in order to prevent any more leakages. If this much pollution ever made it to the surface, it could start a chain reaction, the scope of which I cannot even comprehend. Due to the high levels of background radiation, I have chosen to only send in the most senior members of my team.
I have asked Mr Simmons, one of the interns, to check on the containment seals before handing them over to Goat. While Mr Simmons has not been with us long, I am comfortable that he can carry out his tasks with the utmost care. Of course, he will still be required to check the charge on the field generators, and prepare the food, and iron my suit, and refuel the re-mechs, and file the reports… 
The nearby town of Creed has been kind enough to let us use one of their farms as a base of operations. I should remind Simmons to write them a thank you letter.
Day 15: I awoke this morning to a horrendous noise, one that I doubt I will ever be able to forget. It was the sound of an explosion, but one louder and longer than I have ever heard before, and it came from the direction of the caves. Leaving my quarters, I was greeted by a most vile sight: a massive plume of violet gas, arising from the work site. 
Immediately I tried to contact Goat, whom I had placed in charge of the containment field, and was rewarded with only static. Moments later, a dishevelled figure emerged from the forest, calling out for help. Upon reaching him, we discovered that he was none other than Mr Simmons, who had been assigned as Goat’s personal aide. He was covered in soot and burns, and it took several precious minutes to calm him down. 
The moment the shock faded, he told us what had happened. Goat had been working on optimising the containment field generator, when it had suddenly exploded, killing him instantly and severely wounding three people. The explosion had blown a hole in the cave ceiling, allowing the trapped pollution to rush skyward, and creating the chain reaction I had so feared. 
Coming into contact with the upper atmosphere slipstream, the dispersal of the pollution had been accelerated, and dozens of new points of consolidation had formed where new pollution met old. These “Origin Points” had then started multiplying, quickly moving away from our position. 
Only Simmons had been able to escape from the work site relatively unharmed, due to being on the opposite side of the camp. Curious, I asked him about the soot and burns, to which he replied that he had been injured while trying to rescue the trapped workers. However, their injuries were fatal, and they had asked Mr Simmons to leave them and get help. 
As soon as he finished recounting what had happened, I had Mr Simmons taken to the infirmary, while I contacted my superiors to tell them of the incident. Unfortunately, they had already found out, and had initiated a Level Five Alert, as well as order a wide-scale evacuation of the capital. 
While I was pondering what course of action I should take, a second, slightly smaller explosion was heard from the work site. I would later learn that the remnants of the generator had exploded, incinerating the survivors and destroying any evidence of the camp. 
At the time, however, my attention was diverted by the latest update from the First Line sensors around the capital: twenty-seven Origin Points were forming around the largest city on the planet, and somehow, I just knew… there would be no survivors…
*
Barsch closed the book with a shudder. Every child on the planet knew the story of Goat’s mistake and the fall of the capital; but it was another thing entirely to read a first-hand account. He still had fond memories of late night re-enactments with his friends, where every boy had wanted to play the part of the valiant Mr Simmons, and the least popular kid was always chosen to play the treacherous Goat. 
When his father found out about these play sessions, he had angrily scolded Barsch, and warned him to never utter Goat’s name again. In those days, to do so was to call bad luck upon yourself and your family, or so the superstition went. Barsch had never quite believed it, but he had dutifully followed his father’s orders, out of a mixture of fear and respect. 
Replacing the book, Barsch searched for another, and was soon held captive by another of Kingston’s tomes. This pattern repeated itself again and again, as the hours of the day slowly faded into the hours of the night. The rain was still beating down on the thatch roof when Barsch finally awoke from his book-based stupor. Rising, he made his way to the kitchen, where he found Kingston busily preparing the duo’s supper. 
He spent the rest of the evening telling Kingston all about the things he had read, and debating the old man on some of the things he had learnt. Eventually, he began to tire, and, after bidding Kingston good night, he headed back to the study. On the way, he stopped at the door to the girl’s room, and opened it slightly. The nameless girl, the ghost with violet eyes, had not moved an inch from where she had lay before, and, not for the first time, Barsch wondered if she were truly alive. 
Closing the door, quietly so as not to alert Kingston to his actions, Barsch continued on his way. As he climbed into his bed, a strange feeling stole over him, one that he had not felt in a very long time. It was a feeling of… belonging. When he had been on the road with his father, moving from one abandoned town to the next, he had never had the feeling of being home. Now, in this strange place, with this strange hermit and even stranger girl, he was remembering how it felt to be a part of something… to have a place to call home…
“Well, I guess things could be worse… I have a roof over my head, food in my belly and someone to talk to… but I know that things can’t stay like this forever. I need to return to the Station, and find out why I was awoken so soon. And if I can find a way to reactivate my pod, things will finally go back to how they were… how they are supposed to be…” 
Lying in bed, Barsch was left with only two sounds: the voice in his head telling him things that he did not want to hear, and the steady pitter-patter of the rain, which slowly began drowning out the former, as it lulled Barsch into a deep sleep…
*
I am standing on a small hill, in a place I have never been. Farmland stretches across the horizon, from edge to edge, broken only by a large, rocky outcrop. A road, paved and gleaming, runs beside the hill, before curving away out of sight. A metal sign, erected by the roadside and covered in words, finally gives me my location. 
“Welcome to Creed! Where All Things Grow” the sign reads. 
Following the path, I make my way to the small farming town, already knowing what I will find. A flash of light blinds me, and I suddenly find myself in a different place. 
Here, men in white coats and black boots hurry busily to and fro, each seemingly more frantic than the last. Standing in the centre of the chaos is a man barking orders to his scurrying comrades. He has the air of a leader, and a face built for photo opportunities and press conferences. 
“Sam!” one of the men cries, hurrying up to his superior. 
“Yes?” replies the leader, in a well-practiced tone.
“News from the search teams! Goat has found the source of the pollution readings, and he told me to tell you that we should scan the caves to the west for more pockets.”
“Excellent! Now we can finally get down to business, and get rid of this pollution once and for all! If we can prove to the council that the containment field is a viable solution, then we might be able to convince them to start mass-production. In a few short years, we could have contained almost all of the pollution, before it causes any real damage! Tell Goat to recall the other search teams and have them converge on his location. In the meantime, I will have my assistant ready the containment field generator for transport, which I am sure he will do without incident. I want that containment field set up before nightfall, do you understand?”
“Yes sir, I will relay your orders without delay.” The man quickly disappears, barking commands into a hand-held communicator. Sam Mendel returns to his office, calling for his intern as he walks. I follow him, knowing… dreading, what is to come. 
“You called for me, sir?” cries an unseen voice, from around a nearby corner. A moment later, a young man rounds the corner, his face obscured by a large stack of sealed files. 
“Yes, Simmons, I want you to go over the settings for the containment field generator. Check the power drain rate, the amplifier feedback inhibitor and the seals on the field stabilizers. And remember, one slip up could result in a catastrophe that you and you alone will be responsible for, alright?” 
Simmons meekly nods, although with his face hidden, it is to tell exactly how he feels. Smiling in anticipation of success, Sam excuses himself, no doubt already composing his victory speech in his mind. 
“But I don’t even know how to check the…” mumbles Simmons, as he continues walking towards his original destination…
I am left alone, unable to intervene, unable to prevent the greatest mistake humanity has ever made. I can do nothing, but stand here and wait for the dream to end, hoping that I will not be forced to witness the carnage first hand…
*
“Good morning m’boy!” were the first words Barsch heard the next day, followed by, “I’ve got a present for you, if you’d like.” 
Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, Barsch awoke, and, after returning the hermit’s greeting, asked, “What is it?” 
Kingston entered the room with several small bundles in his weathered hands, and, after Barsch had moved, placed them on the bed. After he stepped back, Barsch was able to see what the old man had brought him. 
“My old clothes, from when I was young and foolish. The style is most likely a few decades out of date, but they’re well made, and will keep you warm. What do you think?” Kingston explained, gesturing to the bundles on the bed. 
Picking up one of the bundles, Barsch saw that it was in fact a black shirt with an intricate spiral pattern outlined in blue. Another bundle contained a pair of black pants, and yet another held a large, dark grey overcoat, with a pair of comfy looking boots wrapped inside.
“They’re perfect,” said Barsch, examining the clothes. Before the Great Sleep, new clothes were almost as rare as fresh food, so it had become common to treasure any that were found. “I really can’t thank you enough, Kingston.”
“Ah, think nothing of it m’boy. If my old things can be of use, then you are welcome to take anything else you want!” Kingston was wearing one of his trademark grins, but there was a sadness to him that Barsch could not quite place. He wanted to ask Kingston about it, but the hermit had already left the room, returning to the kitchen to make their breakfast. After tidying the study, Barsch slipped on his new clothes, keeping his podsuit on underneath. If he managed to reactivate the pod, he would need the suit, and if he could not, then the suit could serve as a layer of insulation. 
*
After a small meal –home-made jam and bread- Kingston led Barsch into the main bedroom. Inside, the girl was still sleeping, but Kingston had entered with the intention of checking up on her. Leaving Barsch in the doorway, Kingston disappeared into the closet, mumbling something about a box. While he searched, Barsch took the opportunity to get closer to the girl. Although she had yet to stir, he fancied that some colour had returned to her face, and that she looked healthier than the previous day.
“Yumiere had looked healthy that day too… but we both know how that turned out, don’t we?” Silencing the sudden, treacherous thought, Barsch focused his attention on Kingston, who was returning from the closet with a large box in hand. The rectangular case was made of high-quality wood, and, from the numerous pockmarks on the lid, Barsch reasoned that the case had seen a lot of use.
“My old chess set, given to me by my father shortly before he passed away. We used to spend hours lost in the game, trying our hardest to outthink the other…”
“Did you ever win?” asked Barsch, as Kingston gestured for him to follow.
“Eventually, yes, but my father always made me work for it. He was a remarkably intelligent man, you see, and was considered by many to be at the top of his field. We had only a short time together, but he still managed to pour vast amounts of information and knowledge into my young mind.”
“I’m sorry…”
“It’s okay… that was a very long time ago. Why, I can barely even remember his face… or his voice anymore…”
Barsch looked at Kingston’s face, as the hermit set the box down on the kitchen table. Again, another flash of deep-set sadness, another secret the old man was keeping from him.
“Do you miss him?” asked Barsch, trying to keep his tone neutral.
“Yes, I still miss him, even after all these years… After he left us, I made a promise to myself: that I would always put family first. But somewhere along the way, I lost sight of that, and the people close to me paid dearly for my selfishness. I was a fool, Barsch, a fool who could not even see how foolish he had become…”
“Kingston…” What more was there he could say? He now knew the source of that strange feeling. He knew why he felt so… connected to Kingston. He too had lost a parent, and had grown up envying all those who had not. His father had tried to raise him as best he could, but in the end, father and son could never quite recover the bond that they should have had. 
“I said that it’s okay, m’boy. My mistakes are mine and mine alone. Don’t worry yourself over an old fool like me, just focus on getting back to your family, and let me worry about mine.” 
“Okay…” Barsch mumbled, taking a seat at the table. He knew that Kingston had had a troubled past, and that he wanted to keep it secret, but he would never move on if he kept it pent up. It was not Barsch’s place to say, however, so he instead concentrated on returning a smile to Kingston’s wearied face.
“So, how do we play?” He said, with a forced smile.
Kingston immediately sat up, and began setting up the pieces. With just those words, Barsch had brought back the beginnings of a smile to Kingston’s melancholic features. “Well, first, I’ll explain how each piece moves, and then I’ll show you how to capture my pieces. The aim is fairly simple: trap your opponent’s king while protecting your own, but you will see that in execution, it is harder than it sounds…”
*
Kingston spent the rest of the morning explaining how to play the game, the various strategies and counters, and the history of the pieces. For several hours after that, the only words spoken were, “Checkmate!” and “Shall we play again?” At first, Kingston won easily, but, with each game, Barsch grew in experience. Kingston never missed an opportunity to educate the youth sitting across from him, and would explain his moves and Barsch’s mistakes with equal approach. 
As they played, Kingston began to open up, and spoke to Barsch at length about almost everything. Barsch quickly found out that Kingston’s earlier remarks had not been boastful, and that his father truly had passed on a great deal of knowledge to his son. With the addition of the things Kingston had learned later in life, the hermit had amassed a massive mental repository, spanning the width and breadth of science, history and the arts. 
Kingston would flit from one topic to the next, delving into each just long enough to give Barsch a general understanding, but not too much, thereby feeding his growing curiosity, but not sating it. However, at that time, Barsch saw another use for his newfound knowledge. He had noticed that the old man’s playing ability diminished whenever he spoke about a topic he was especially fond of, so Barsch used this to his advantage. Purposefully asking about things that he knew Kingston delighted in explaining, he was able to stealthily capture piece after piece, and had soon amassed a sizeable pile of ivory pieces.
“Checkmate!” he suddenly cried, stopping Kingston’s energetic explanation of macroeconomics in its tracks.
“Wha?” replied the old man, his brain still trying to process what had just transpired. When he settled down, he began looking from the board to Barsch’s grinning face with amazement. 
“How did you?” he started, before continuing, “No, a win is a win, no questions asked. I am very impressed m’boy! If I had not seen it myself, I would have thought you lying about never playing before, but this was a victory well earned.”
Hearing Kingston’s praise, Barsch’s grin quickly faded. “No, Kingston, it’s not like that, I cheated… I distracted you with all my questions, so it wasn’t a fair victory…”
Kingston leant back and laughed, “Nonsense m’boy! Outsmarting your opponent is the foundation of any tactic, and you even managed to exploit my love of teaching to win! I told you, didn’t I, that every piece has its strengths and weaknesses? Well, the same applies to the players themselves.”
“But…” 
“Okay, think of it this way: your strength is your capacity for learning, and your weakness is your inexperience. In return, I have years of experience, but I have also grown overconfident due to that experience. By taking advantage of my weakness, you merely levelled the playing field, do you understand?”
“I guess…” Barsch wanted to point out that he had still won by using underhanded means, but he doubted Kingston would listen to him. Still, his victory felt hollow, and so he made a personal promise to no longer take advantage of Kingston’s talkative nature.
“Now, how about another round? I may have been going easy on you, just a bit, but that will no longer be the case. You have proven yourself a capable opponent, and it is time I started treating you like one”
Barsch smiled, knowing that Kingston was trying to give him an opportunity to prove himself without resorting to tricks.
“You’re on. This time, I’ll leave you speechless!” he exclaimed, reaching for the black king…
*
Several hours later, Barsch slumped back in his chair, exhausted. Kingston had made good on his promise, and had focused whole-heartedly on showing him his real ability. Barsch had fought battle after battle, watching piece after piece fall to the suddenly dextrous hermit. In the end, Barsch had managed a meagre five victories, but Kingston had congratulated him on each one. 
Eventually, they reached a point where they were both too mentally drained to play another move, and so decided to retire from the game. As Barsch lay there, mind numb and body limp, Kingston began gathering a strange assortment of items. Two large, metal basins; an old, iron kettle from beside the stove; and a handful of herbs from a clay pot by the door. When Barsch inquired as to the purpose of the items, Kingston had said, with a mischievous grin, “Just watch and see…” 
A few minutes later he returned to the kitchen carrying a large plastic container, filled to the brim with filtered water. Filling the kettle, he placed it on the stove, where it soon began to whistle. Outside, the constant sound of rain reminded Barsch of his forthcoming journey, and for the first time, he wished that the rain would continue on for a little longer. 
After a while, Kingston lifted the kettle from the stovetop, and poured the boiling water into the two metal basins. He then threw generous amounts of herbs into both, before stirring the mixture with a wooden ladle. He then placed one of the basins near Barsch’s feet, before moving the other to his chair. When the water had cooled enough, he instructed Barsch to put both feet in the water, which he did, after a slight hesitation.
Immediately, Barsch felt the warmth begin to creep up his legs, and simultaneously he felt the fatigue start to drain from his back. Without even realising, he had begun sliding down the chair, in an attempt to submerge more of his limbs in the miraculous water.
“Aah…” Barsch whispered, feeling the knots in his body slowly unravel.
“What do you think?” asked Kingston, with an expression that mirrored Barsch’s.
“It’s… heavenly…”
“I’m glad you like it.”
“Like it? I want to marry it!” replied Barsch, with a chuckle.
They spent the next few minutes in silence, enjoying the wonderful effects of the herbs and hot water. The only noise was that of the raindrops, striking the thatch in a pointless effort to break through. 
“Hmm… is it just me, or is the rain letting up?” said Kingston suddenly, as he looked at the roof.
He was right, Barsch soon discovered, as he focused his senses skyward. Compared to the intensity heard earlier, these droplets were barely registering.
“By the sound of it, the rain should stop tonight or early tomorrow, so you’ll finally be able to return to your Station…”
“Kingston, what if I sta-
A sudden bout of lightning drowned out the rest of his words, and his courage.
Once the silence had returned, he continued, “Yeah, but it’s not like I have to re-enter my pod immediately, right? We should probably spend some time looking at the system, you know, making sure that whatever woke me up doesn’t reappear…”
Silence was his only answer, which Barsch at first attributed to Kingston’s disappointment. However, when he looked over, he saw that the old hermit had not chosen to answer for an altogether different reason. Kingston was doubled over, clutching his chest and wheezing heavily. 
“Kingston! What’s wrong?” cried Barsch, standing up and sending the metal basin flying. He immediately rushed to the hermit’s side, but he knew that there was little he could do for him.
“Need… my medicine… jar… in my bedroom…” wheezed Kingston, as tears streaked down his wrinkled skin. He was obviously in a great deal of pain, and Barsch wasted no time leaping down the hallway. He barged through the doorway, not caring if he injured the sleeping girl in his haste. With frantic eyes he searched the room, his mind ablaze with images of Kingston’s tortured face. He would not let the old man die. He could not be responsible for another death, it would break him beyond repair…
“There!” On the bedside cupboard, mere inches away from the girl’s face, was an almost empty jar of bluish-black liquid. Grabbing the jar, he hurried back to the kitchen, half-fearing that he was too late.
“Bar…sch…” Kingston’s wheezes were growing fainter, and his eyes were now staring blankly at the ceiling. Barsch skidded to a halt beside his friend, thrusting the jar of medicine into his trembling hands. Kingston then pointed at the water container, signalling to Barsch to fetch it. After he did so, Barsch watched as Kingston poured out a large dose of medicine, mixing it with the water to create a drinkable remedy. Barsch could only stand and watch as the aged hermit raised the concoction to his cracked lips and drink deeply, spluttering and spilling with every breath.
Minutes passed with no change, and then, just as they had appeared, Kingston’s symptoms vanished. He lay there, chest heaving and tears drying, while Barsch slowly slumped to the floor, his strength gone. 
A few more minutes passed in the silent room, before Barsch worked up the courage to say, “Kingston, tell me the truth… you’re sick, aren’t you?”
Kingston said nothing, but nodded sadly. A moment later, he placed the almost empty jar of medicine on the kitchen floor, and spoke, “In the beginning, my body was strong enough to fight off the effects of the pollution; but over the years, as I grew weaker and the pollution got worse, I found myself succumbing to it. Thankfully, during my youth I had acquired a rather special medicine, one which could halt the sickness for a time. At first, I only required a tiny amount every month or so, but lately, if I don’t take it every week… well, you saw what happens…”
“Is there no cure? Perhaps if you took enough of the medicine?”
“I’m sorry m’boy, but if I did that, I would run the risk of letting my body build up an immunity, and besides, I had to raid every medical clinic in the surrounding area just to make a jar-full.”
Barsch looked down at the jar in his hands, noting how light it was. “But, the jar is almost empty now, how are you going to get more?”
“Don’t worry about that m’boy, I still have enough for a few weeks, and if I ration it, I could make it last longer. Once you and the girl are back in your pods, I’ll travel to one of the further med stations and re-stock. So, please don’t trouble yourself over my health.”
“But-
“And now, I think it’s time I turned it for the night. It’s going to be a long journey tomorrow, and you need your rest.” 
With that, Kingston stood and left, taking the nearly empty jar with him. Barsch sat there -in the empty room- for a few minutes. He thought about how kind Kingston had been, and how selfish he must have seemed, but above all, he thought about returning to his pod. Somehow, what had once been a warm and hopeful thought had become a cowardly one; as he could not help but picture Kingston, sitting alone in his hut, with no one to tell his last words to. 
Standing, Barsch made up his mind. He would go to Genesis Station 13, and, if he could find a way inside, he would return for Kingston. Even if he had to bind him with rope and drag him back to the Station, Barsch would do it. He would endure any abuse, any curse, if it meant finding a way to prolong his caretaker’s life. Kingston may hate him for it, but he would be alive to do so, and to Barsch, that was a price worth paying.
Returning to his room, Barsch quickly readied himself for bed, making sure to neatly fold his new clothes -his precious gift- before slipping into bed and letting the darkness take him…
*
I’m home. The pod opens. I step inside. The hard metallic surface conforms to the exact shape of my spine. The white doors close, leaving the glass cover my only portal to the outside. I reach up to my face, feeling something wet below my eyes. In the reflective mirror before me, I can vaguely make out a man crying. He looks like me. He looks like me, down to the ever-changing eyes and the midnight hair. Why is he crying? He should be happy. 
He’s going home…
There’s someone beside him. A girl. She’s looks through me with her blazing eyes, reading my mind like an open book. Her long beautiful hair sways in the breeze. 
Breeze? 
There shouldn’t be any wind in the Station. I step forward to touch her, my toes brushing past the long blades of grass. It’s getting harder to think. My thoughts swim before me, darting back and forth in their confusion. 
Help Her. 
Leave Her. 
Again and again, an endless repetition. My mind is on fire, but she’s standing right in front of me, if I could only reach her, maybe I could help her…
Once more, she has brought me to this place… to this glade. Her crimson tears stain the ground as she moves to embrace me. Her eyes begin to flicker, now violet, now green, now blue, and now, blood-red. I begin to scream once more, uncontrollably, over and over, as her thin, pale hands begin to encircle my neck…
*
“No!” screamed Barsch, waking from the nightmare. Trembling, he reached up and felt around his neck, sure that he would feel the bruises that she had made. 
“It was just a dream…” he thought, trying to calm his racing heart. Outside, the thunderous downpour had at last disappeared, replaced by the blinding light of the morning sun. Although Barsch knew that he should have been glad to finally be going back, something kept the smile from his lips. His time with Kingston had been short, but already, he felt more at peace than he ever had in the Station. 
Perhaps, if things had been different… if the planet had not been so damaged by man, if they had never had to freeze themselves to survive, then maybe Kingston would have had a happier life. Barsch could almost see it: playing chess with Kingston under the warm sun, inviting him to have dinner, where he would tell Barsch and his father stories and tales from his youth… But the world did not work like that, and everyone knew that both Fate and the Gods had long since abandoned humanity. Any hope for that perfect world lay in the distant future, and if Barsch was lucky, he would one day be able to show it to the old hermit. 
“Are you okay, m’boy?” called Kingston from beyond the closed door.
“Yeah… just a bad dream… nothing to worry about,” replied Barsch, removing the bed covers. After dressing, he left the study, wondering if he would ever see it again.
“Good, good. Are you all ready?” Kingston’s expression was neutral, but Barsch knew that the old man did not want him to leave. Not for the first time, Barsch wondered if he was doing the right thing, if there was no other alternative… but, despite all his searching, he had found no other way forward. However, if by some chance he could not re-enter Genesis Station, then he might have to enjoy Kingston’s hospitality for a while longer.
“Yes. If I leave now, I might be able to miss the worst of the morning pollution.”
“I see… well, here, have some breakfast before you go. It’s a long walk, and I wouldn’t want you getting hungry now…”
“Thanks. I appreciate it, truly.” 
But the old man had already left the kitchen, no doubt on his way to check on the crops. Barsch ate the rest of his breakfast in silence, chewing on the dried fish aimlessly while thinking about his upcoming trip. Kingston had told him that his hut lay only a few miles from the glade, so the Station could not be much further. In a few hours, he would be back in the Station, as alone as when he had first awoken. After finishing his meal, Barsch gathered up the rest of his things: his new clothes, a rucksack Kingston had given him, and a small lunch of dried fruit and nuts that Kingston had prepared for him.
“Here, I thought you might need this,” said Kingston, suddenly reappearing from the direction of his bedroom. In his hands was a long strip of sturdy cloth, to be used as a makeshift gas mask to protect against any airborne pollutants. He handed the cloth to Barsch, who felt that there was something wrapped up within it. Unravelling the brown material, he saw what else Kingston had gifted him with.
“Kingston… you can’t…” he mumbled, holding the knife up to the light. The dawn-rays glinted off the polished surface, making the blade glow white. 
“That knife saved my life more times than I can count. I hope that it will do the same for you.”
“Kingston, thank you, for everything. If you hadn’t found me... if you hadn’t taken care of me…” Emotions that Barsch had not felt in decades were now all bubbling to the surface, stealing his words and wetting his eyes. 
“I know. Now, go on, your father is probably worried sick about you…” Kingston said, trying to lighten the mood. He too looked as if he were about to cry, but he had many more years of experience in holding back his emotions. 
“Okay…” Barsch said, wiping the tears from his eyes. Moving past Kingston, he entered the bedroom, intent on saying goodbye to the sleeping girl. Inside the room, he was presented with a rather strange sight. A bluejoy -a small, brightly coloured bird- had found its way inside the room. It was perched on the bedside table, close to the girl’s expressionless face. Barsch expected it to fly away as he approached, but it remained where it stood, looking from him to the girl. For a moment, Barsch fancied that the bird was watching over her, but he quickly dismissed this as childish fancy.
“Watch her for me, please,” he said to the bird, deciding to indulge his childish side for once. After leaving the room, he made for the front door, where Kingston was waiting. They walked outside together, taking a moment to enjoy the warm sunlight streaming through the trees. Kingston had already switched off the electric fence, so that Barsch could pass by unharmed. Facing him, Barsch could think of very little to say that had not been said already.
Kingston, seeing this, took the lead, and said, “Be safe.”
“You too,” replied Barsch, shaking the hermit’s outstretched hand. And just like that, Barsch’s time with Kingston had drawn to a close. Slinging the rucksack over his shoulder, he set off, stopping only long enough to wave goodbye. As he did so, he caught sight of the bluejoy, perched on the window-sill. Turning, he began his long walk, as the bluejoy’s melodious call began to fill the silent void he had made.
*
Kingston’s hut quickly disappeared from view as Barsch ventured further into the forest. Like the strangely healthy grove, this section of woodland seemed to have been largely spared from the killing pollution. However, no place on the planet was completely free, so Barsch used Kingston’s bandana to filter out the little that remained. With the warmth of the rising sun on his back and no immediate danger in sight, Barsch have very little reason to hurry. 
In addition to this, the overwhelming feeling that he was making a mistake made each step away from Kingston’s hut a little bit harder. All this combined meant that Barsch’s journey through the forest took much longer than it should have, and by its end, he had started to develop a bad cough.
The feeling of belonging and rejuvenation had also left him by the time he made it to the forest’s edge, two hours later. In its place, the fatigue he had first accrued when leaving the Station had returned. Soon, the condition of Barsch’s body matched the state of the decrepit landscape around him, and he was forced to stop every few minutes to catch his breath. 
In this manner, Barsch journeyed across the barren hills. “I was a fool,” Barsch thought, as another tremor rattled his chest. “I should have waited, I should have been more prepared…” 
But despite his self-admonishments, he never lost his stride, as his stubborn pride drove him onwards.
*
An hour later Barsch came upon a small pool, most likely fed by the stream he had seen upon leaving the Station. He almost collapsed at the sight, and had to hold onto a nearby boulder for support. After recovering somewhat, he made his way down to the nearly circular body of water. Aside from a strange, white stick near the water’s edge, the pool was rather boring. The surface of the pool was covered in grime, but through patches here and there Barsch could see that the water was drinkable. 
Reaching into his rucksack, he rummaged around for a time before pulling out a large canister. It was a rudimentary water filter, another present from Kingston and a relic from an age long past. Setting the device down, he began scooping water into the inlet, where it would be processed and strained by nine separate filters. The end result was still polluted and rather toxic, but at least it would not kill him outright.
As he waited for the water to filter, Barsch’s mind drifted back to his youth. In those days, before the cryogenesis plan had been announced, before the planet had become uninhabitable, he had travelled across the land with his father. Of course, it had not been easy, moving from one town to the next in a moving convoy, but it had been fun in a way. Every week would be a new place, a new opportunity to learn. Friends had been fleeting, as families joined and left the convoy with equal speed. Still, Barsch had learned to make friends quickly, and close off his heart when they left. Unlike most boys his age, Barsch only lost three friends to sickness, and one in a terrible accident, while those he had met told him of entire villages disappearing overnight.
He could still remember the day the announcement had been made. Cryogenesis, the last great act of humanity to save itself from extinction, and a way to undo all the damage they had done. It had seemed so simple back then, so… easy. 
Gather at the Stations, step into a pod, sleep for a few hundred years, and then everything would be back to the way it was supposed to be. No effort required. No pain, no suffering, how could they say no? 
Upon arriving at the Stations, they had been herded into a waiting area, where they were poked and prodded, tested and treated, until they had cried out in anger. The scientists, men and women in filthy lab coats and covered in grime, had then appeared, calling out their names one by one. Each person was sorted by a dozen different factors, and assigned pods seemingly at random. 
Husbands were taken from wives, fathers were taken from sons, and lovers were wrenched apart. They had corralled them into the waiting pods, stuffing them inside without so much as an apology. If they had not been trying to save them, Barsch was sure that there would have been a riot. But the people were desperate, and so complied without question. 
And then began the wait, the terrible, gut-wrenching wait. Barsch had lain in his pod, strapped and restrained, only able to watch as the last of the people were called. Eventually, even the scientists were placed, trapped inside their own creations, as the Station’s artificial intelligence waited for the signal. At precisely 12PM, the Worldwide Activation Code was uploaded to the global network, and, moments later, every human on the planet had fallen into a deep, dreamless sleep, leaving the world to the beasts and re-mechs.
Looking down from his reverie, Barsch saw that the water had finished purifying. Cautiously he took a sip, ready to spit it out if it tasted too toxic. But the filter had done its job well, and, aside from a slightly bitter aftertaste, the water was almost normal. He drank greedily, stopping only to eat some of the lunch Kingston had made him. It was still a few miles to the Station’s main entrance, and he wanted to have enough daylight left by the time he arrived to see it. 
A sudden bird-shriek brought Barsch’s eyes up, just in time to see a long, white creature dart towards him. With a shocked cry Barsch leapt backwards, narrowly avoiding the creature’s ferocious lunge. 
Focusing his eyes, he saw that what he had thought was a white stick was actually a Bile Seeker, a dangerous snake well known for its deadly poison. Had he been bitten, he would have died in agony a few minutes later, completely unaware of what had killed him. His chest heaved when he thought this, shocked at how close he had come to death. But, even with the snake in his sights, his survival was not guaranteed. In his youth, he had tales of Bile Seekers taking down entire families, darting from one man to the next with an unbelievable speed, and striking wherever open flesh was found. 
The Bile Seeker began to slither forward, hunger most likely giving it a reckless courage. This creature had grown up in a world without humans, and so it knew nothing about avoiding them in favour of easier prey. It struck again, launching itself from the blackened grass with astonishing speed. 
Again, Barsch leapt back, only barely avoiding its neurotoxin filled fangs. He had no time to think, -to plan his escape- he could only react. A sudden thud made him turn around. His boot had stuck the boulder, which meant that he was trapped between the rock and the snake. However, in a stroke of luck, he saw something that could save him. There, tucked away down the side of his boot, was Kingston’s knife. If he could only reach it…
But the Bile Seeker was in no mood to wait, its prey having eluded it for far too long. It struck for the last time, moving faster than ever before. And there, it should have ended. Barsch, having only average reactions at best and a novice with the blade, should have died, slain by the snake’s death-dealing fangs. 
But Fate had other plans for him, and let him know this with another bout of birdsong. The melodious sound brought Barsch back to reality, stripping him of his fear and reminding him of why he could not fall there. Kingston had saved his life, and how could he repay him if he died here?
The Bile Seeker was already in mid-air when he finally moved, reaching down with his right hand to clasp the ebony handle of the knife. With only seconds to spare, he brought the blade up, hoping that he would make it in time. Time seemed to slow as the Bile Seeker grew closer, a slave to momentum. The ivory-toned snake slammed into the sharpened blade, slicing it perfectly down the middle. As quickly as it had started, the fight was over, leaving Barsch shaking from the shock. He stood there, motionless, for the next few minutes, as his brain frantically tried to catch him up on what had happened. 
Only then did he finally notice something else out of the ordinary. Looking up, he spotted his saviour, the thing which had warned him of the Bile Seeker’s attack: a bluejoy. It tweeted when he saw it, looking very proud, if Barsch had any say. From its dark blue coat to its pitch, it was identical to the one he had seen in Kingston’s bedroom. Had it followed him all the way? Was that even possible? 
“Thank you,” he said, as it flew off in the direction of Kingston’s hut. A sudden bout of coughing reminded him to hurry, so he picked up his things, retied his gasmask and left the pool.
*
An hour later, Barsch had almost made it to the Station’s location. A massive set of cliffs, with a narrow opening between them was the landmark he had been searching for. Since leaving the pool his coughing had only gotten worse, and now his vision had begun to darken. 
He held Kingston’s knife loosely at his side, still wary of any more dangers that might be lurking about. The path through the cliffs was small and snaked its way into the cliffside. Barsch could still remember how nervous he had been when he had first walked along it, clutching to his father’s coat to prevent being separated by the throng of people behind them. Even now, with no one to push him from behind or shout obscenities at his slowness, he still felt uneasy. 
Following the path, he made his way towards the Station’s hidden entrance. It had been constructed here for several reasons, but the most obvious was the natural protection the cliffs offered from the ever-encroaching pollution. More than once he had to stop and grab the cliff-face to stop himself from falling, coughing as he did so. 
Even without being told, he knew that his body was shutting down. The polluted air filled his lungs with fire, and sent his system into chaos. If he did not reach the Station soon, if he did not pass through the decontamination chamber and reach the protected hallways, he might fall here, and never arise again.
And then, without warning, his journey ended. 
The path suddenly widened, ending in a rocky cul-de-sac with an out of place set of steel doors at the apex. They were as massive as Barsch remembered, dwarfing him with their enormity. They had been built into the cliffside, taking full advantage of the natural harbour. Above them, inscribed on a rust-proof metal plaque, were the words, “WELCOME TO GENESIS STATION 13. SAFETY LIES WITHIN” Another bout of coughing told him to stop admiring the structure and move on, so he did so. He approached the doors, knowing that he would have to find the door switch if he wanted to enter.
He thought back to what he had seen that day, as they had walked through the then open doors. He remembered one of the scientists standing beside the entrance, speaking into a small indentation. There, where the scientist had once stood, was a rather strangely shaped piece of stone. Barsch laid his hand on it, as he had seen the man do so all those years ago, and to his delight, it moved. The stone slid back into a recessed groove, revealing a small, dark screen, roughly the size of his hand. A moment later, green text filled the screen, which read, “Please place palm on screen.”
Shrugging, he did so, and waited for something to happen. Almost immediately, a computerized voice rang out from a small speaker below the screen. “Human handprint confirmed. Access Denied.”
“What? Why?” cried Barsch in shock.
“Genesis Station 13 has been placed in emergency lockdown, all exits have been sealed until further notice.”
“No! You have to let me in! I’m one of the residents, HUM-7728, remember?”
“Checking… checking… check complete. HUM-7728 has been logged as deceased, therefore, you cannot be who you say you are. If you do not leave the premises immediately, you will be logged as a threat.”
“I don’t care what you say, I’m coming in!” Barsch screamed, growing increasingly frustrated with the emotionless voice. Stepping back, he brought his fist down on the steel doors, which did little except make Barsch’s hand hurt.
“Very well. Activating intrusion prevention mechanisms. Automated defences coming online. Arming anti-personnel lasers and GAMP proximity mines one through twenty in ten, nine-
Cursing loudly, Barsch stepped back, anger and frustration blinding him as to how much danger he was in. There was nothing more he could do but run, as the cold voice from the screen continued its malicious countdown. He ran from the doors without looking back, crashing into the cliffside in his haste to escape the danger. And as he ran, the pain in his chest grew, seemingly with every step. In mere minutes he was gasping for air, his constricted airways unable to deal with the sudden increase in demand. 
Even with everything that was happening, some part of him remained aware of the other, hidden danger he faced. His body was already entering the first stages of shutdown, and it would not be long before his strained heart gave out. He had read about cases where men and women had stayed out too long in the pollution, and when they returned to their towns, they would open their mouths and die on the spot. 
In each case, the cause of death was the same: complete cardiovascular failure due to extreme levels of stress and over taxation of the respiratory system. In short, their hearts simply stopped beating, as their bodies were driven to exhaustion by the pollution. 
However, even knowing this, there was little Barsch could do. The only hope he had lay in Kingston’s hut, and it had taken him hours to get to the Station from there. But something within Barsch refused to break. Something within him refused to just stop and die. It was the same thing that had saved him from the Bile Seeker, and the same thing which had forced him off that barren hill. It was hope, and it was stronger than anything the world could throw at him.
And so, lungs burning and vision blurring, Barsch ran. He ran past the pool where the Bile Seeker still lay. He ran past the glade where the girl had changed his world. He ran past tree after tree at an unbelievable speed. If he had been less preoccupied he would have marvelled at how his sickly body could move so fast, but at the time, he was just thankful it moved at all. 
His heart was on fire by the time he entered the home stretch, where the trees began to finally look familiar. He was mere minutes from Kingston’s hut… from salvation. A few more minutes, a few more seconds, and he would be safe. Kingston would do something, Kingston would know how to save him…
As he cleared the last stand of trees and caught a glimpse of the out of place thatch roof, Barsch ran out of time. His heart, already pushed to its limit, gave one final thump. He stumbled forward, knowing in his blood-starved brain that he had failed, that he was going to die there, so close to salvation. Reaching towards the heavens, he cried out in a strangled voice, cursing the gods who had given him such false hope. And then he fell, arms still outstretched, towards the cold ground.
But, to his everlasting amazement, something stopped his fall. Looking down, he saw what had gotten in his way: Kingston’s electric fence, which had been turned on in his absence. 
“Oh…” was all he could manage, before ten-thousand volts coursed through his limp body. The burning in his lungs was immediately replaced by the burning of everything else, as his mouth opened for a scream that never came. His last thoughts, before the great darkness took him, were, “Kingston… I’m sorry…” 
*
Pain. Light. Darkness. Is this heaven or something worse? I float in the abyss, unseen voices calling my name.
“Barsch! Stay with me lad!” they cry. 
I feel Her presence nearby, like a beacon of fire in the void that I call home. She is waiting for me, back in the shadowy realm of reality… 
My chest burns, as if there were a great flame trying to escape it. How can I be in so much pain? How have I not gone mad from the agony I now face? I don’t know, and I doubt I ever will. I feel a sharp pain in my left eye, part of, but still separate from the pain in my chest. When I reach up, I wipe away a tear of blood. 
Suddenly a mirror appears before me unbidden, a single piece of reflective glass spinning gently in the void. Inside it, a willowy figure stands surrounded by flames, her soft skin marred by crimson tears. 
A moment later, she vanishes, replaced by a man whose skin has been burnt black. All that remains of him are his eyes, now blue, now green, always in between. I reach out with my pale hands, trying to console him, trying to take away his pain. My mind reels from a new surge of pain, as I drop to the inky black floor. 
Who am I? Barsch? The girl with violet eyes? I don’t know… I don’t know anything anymore…
 The burnt man opens his mouth; screaming a wordless scream that assaults my fragile senses. The burning in my chest resonates with his scream, until the two have become one feeling: one cacophony of agony. I can’t hold onto my sanity… already I can feel it slipping... 
The intense heat in my heart is burning my reason away, until nothing but ash will remain. Please… please just let me die! 
I cannot endure this anymore, so please, END ME… END ME NOW!
“Barsch… please… don’t leave me. You can’t die… not here, not like this…”
The voice breaks through the pain like a ray of light, driving it far away. The burning is still there, but its intensity, its soul-searing pain has disappeared. Once again, I am in the void, the burnt man from before still where I left him. His scream has finally stopped. I touch his blackened arm, and watch as a miracle takes place. Where my fingers land, new, smooth skin appears, replacing the disfigured sheath in the process. The new skin spreads quickly, and in moments, the burnt man is burnt no more.
Looking up, I see that the man’s eyes have changed into twin orbs of violet light. The girl is here now, standing at my side. She is crying, scarlet tears dripping off her beautiful face. 
Why am I crying? I saved him, so why am I crying? NO! I am Me! I am not Her… and She is not me! I am Barsch la Tergan and I am Me!
The scream dies in my throat as she takes my unscarred hand. I am calm now. The pain, the fire, the hopelessness, she has healed me of it all. Even the void is gone, replaced by an endless sea of light. Her tears have finally stopped. She looks at me and whispers, in a voice angels would envy, “Barsch, it’s time to go”. 
Who are you? 
Somehow, she hears my thought, and a moment later, she opens her mouth and says, “I am A- 
She is cut off as the light brightens, filling my mind with pain once more.
*
“Barsch, can you hear me lad?” 
Barsch heard the words, but he could not tell if they were from reality or the dream. He lay there, body numb and mind on fire for what seemed like hours. Dimly he was aware of someone moving nearby, but when he tried to open his eyes to check, he found that he could not. Abandoning his sight for a time, he instead focused on his mind. He tried to think back to who he was, and what he had been doing. His name, Barsch La Tergan, came easily enough, but his parent’s names eluded him. Why could he not move? Why could he not remember? 
Slowly, he allowed information to filter in from his dormant senses. Vision was obviously out of the picture, so he focused on what he could hear and feel. Immediately, a smell he had not experienced in years assaulted his nascent senses. He had only smelt in once before, after a fire had broken out in one of the towns, killing thirteen adults and four children. 
It was the smell of burnt flesh, and it now filled his world. Trying to block it out, he stretched out his fingers, finding them to be wrapped in heavy bandages. There was pain, but it felt dulled, as if it were an old wound that only hurt when it rained. Licking his lips, he detected the faint taste of metal, along with a strangely bitter aftertaste that he could not quite place.
Finally, it was time to open his eyes, this time with a little more success. Blinking from a sudden burst of sunlight, he spent several minutes trying to re-adjust his vision. Eventually, the blurry world around him began to coalesce into something more defined. He was in his bed in Kingston’s study, kept in place by several layers of thick bandages that covered his chest and arms. As he observed the wrappings, the events of his journey suddenly came back to him.
The pool, the Bile Seeker, the malevolent Station intercom… everything that had happened hit him all at once, bringing a fresh bout of pain to his body with it. The last thing he could remember was the heart attack brought on by the pollution, and then collapsing in front of Kingston’s hut. 
“What happened?” he groaned, largely to himself.
“You almost bloody died, that’s what happened,” replied a friendly voice from the doorway. Kingston was standing there, looking more tired than Barsch had ever seen him. He looked like he had been crying, but Barsch was not about to comment on it. 
“My head feels like it’s on fire,” he mumbled, lifting his bandaged arm to try and block out the harsh sunlight.
“That’s because it was,” said Kingston, coming closer. He was carrying a wooden tray bearing a cloth-covered porcelain bowl. 
“I must say m’boy, you scared the living daylights out of me! Next time you’re going to make such a grand entry, call first…” The old hermit’s tone was light, but Barsch could sense real fear behind the joke. 
“Butternut soup, it will make you heal faster,” Kingston said, gently placing the tray on Barsch’s bandaged stomach. With help from Kingston, Barsch was able to sit up and attempt to eat it. It took a few tries to get his bandaged fingers to hold the spoon, but eventually he found a way. His first thought was that the soup tasted a little different to how it had before, but his second was that a meal was a meal, and that he had no right to complain.
“How did you find me?” Barsch asked, after finishing the strange tasting soup.
“By luck, mostly,” replied the hermit, settling down on the edge of the bed, “I just so happened to be looking out of my window when you stumbled by, talking to yourself and behaving strangely.”
“I was having a heart attack…” Barsch interjected, feeling a bit insulted.
“Well I didn’t know that at the time. So there I was, about to come and greet you, when you suddenly collapse, zapping yourself on my electric fence in the process. It’s a good thing I was standing right by the generator, or things could have been much worse…”
 “I  remember now. It hurt so much… I thought I was dying…” The pain had been so intense, but at that moment, it seemed like a thing of the distant past. 
“You almost did. But, as it turns out, falling on that fence may have been the wisest thing you’ve ever done,” said Kingston, with a smile that did not quite reach his eyes.
“I don’t understand, how could that have been a good thing?”
“Ah! Didn’t they teach you anything in school?”
“I was home-schooled…” Barsch said, defensively. 
“Well then, your father should be ashamed. The most common treatment for a heart attack is a direct application of electricity to the chest. Of course, normally it’s a much lower voltage, and it’s done using a specialised machine, but we live with what we have. Basically, the shock from the fence was just enough to reset your heart to its proper rhythm, so, in fact, it was…”
“A good thing? I get it now, thanks.” 
“Yeah…” Kingston took advantage of the lull in the conversation to check Barsch’s wounds. As he unwrapped his handiwork, he tried to prepare Barsch for what was to come. 
“Now, don’t panic m’boy. There was a lot of damage and burnt skin, but I tried to minimize the nerve damage. You’re going to have a hell of a scar, but you’re breathing shouldn’t be too affected, and hey, at least you’re still alive…” 
It was a kind gesture, but Barsch could tell that it was going to be bad. An image from his dream suddenly popped into his mind: the burnt man, with his blackened skin and endless scream.
“I’m ready,” he lied, as he watched Kingston slowly peel away the last layer.
“By the great gods above…” Kingston swore, looking with amazement at the flawless skin before him. Not a single mark, not even a scratch remained on Barsch’s chest. Mumbling something incoherent and probably blasphemous, he quickly removed the bandages on Barsch’s arms as well. They too were unnecessary, for the skin below looked almost brand new.
“It’s not possible…” Kingston stammered, fear and confusion building in his eyes.
“Maybe you saw wrong? Maybe it was just soot on the skin?” Barsch offered, knowing full-well that Kingston’s eyes would not make such a grand mistake.
“Yes… yes! That must be it! It was getting dark, after all, and your clothing is quite black… I must have just mistaken it for burns, and then forgotten to check the skin below!” 
Barsch could tell that Kingston believed his words almost as little as Barsch did, but the old man had grabbed hold of a semi-reasonable explanation, and nothing would make him let go. With Kingston’s help, he rose from the bed, feeling only a slight tingling in his extremities when he tried to stand. It truly was a miraculous recovery, and Barsch wanted to find out how he had done it as soon as possible.
Another flashback of his dream gave him an unsettling idea. Could it possibly have been… Her? Had the girl with violet eyes done something to him? Could she have healed him in the night? But no, she had been asleep ever since Kingston had found them. It simply wasn’t possible, not by normal standards… But then again, she was anything but normal…
*
“So, Barsch m’boy, I take it your journey did not end as planned?” Kingston said, after Barsch had risen.
“You could say that,” he replied, stretching out his tight muscles, “I made it to the Station, but it had been sealed tight.”
“Did you try the computer terminal?” Kingston asked, moving to help Barsch. Even though he was uninjured externally, there was no telling what the electricity had done to his internal organs.
“Yeah, but it said that the system had decided that I was already dead, so it wouldn’t deactivate the lockdown for me.”
“I see… that is problematic. However, I do have some knowledge of computers, despite my appearance, so I might be able to create a work-around. Once you’re all better, we’ll go and have another crack at it, okay?”
“Thanks, I’d like that,” Barsch replied, although in truth the thought of returning to that hostile place made the faint pain in his chest grow stronger.
A sudden crash brought an abrupt halt to the mellow atmosphere. The sound had come from Kingston’s bedroom, but the only thing in there was-
“The girl!” Barsch cried, leaping forward. In that instant, all his pain and numbness had been forgotten, replaced by a feeling of great urgency. Kingston barely had time to move out of the way, before Barsch rushed past him, reaching for the door.
“Wait Barsch! It could be dangerous!” Kingston shouted, hurrying after his young companion.
“But she could be in danger!” Barsch shouted back, skidding through the study’s open doorway. Without waiting for Kingston to catch him, he threw open the door to the old hermit’s bedroom. 
And stopped, as the most beautiful thing he had ever seen stared back at him in surprise.
Just as it had in the glade, time decided to slow down, so that Barsch could better appreciate the magnificent creature before him. Her long white hair, fluttering in the breeze; her pale yet healthy skin, gleaming from the midday sun; and above all, her enchanting, violet eyes. Lying next to her, shattered beyond repair, were the remains of a glass jar, but this was only noticed in passing, compared to the girl. 
She was still wearing the white shift Barsch had found her in, but she wore it in the same way one might wear a fancy gown. In his mind, the girl was wearing a radiant smile, and spoke with the voice of an angel; but reality is cruel, and if past events were any indication, Fate had no love for Barsch’s hopes.
“Are you… okay?” he asked, relaxing only slightly. 
“I am fine,” replied the girl, in a tone that immediately shattered Barsch’s angelic image. To say that it was a cold tone would be to say that glaciers are only big ice cubes. It seemed to freeze the air around her, making Barsch wish he had stopped to grab his greatcoat. Still, he could deal with a cold tone, as long as her expression defrosted his heart, but this too was a hopeless dream. 
Her face was completely neutral in every way. Her mouth formed a thin line that showed no teeth, and her eyes, while unnatural, held no warmth. She looked at Barsch the same way one might look at a piece of furniture, or a plant.
“Um… good?”
 It was then that Kingston, having finally caught up, entered the room. He too was stopped dead by what he saw, but to his credit, he recovered far faster than Barsch.
“Hello, um, I’m sorry, I don’t know what to call you?” The old man blurted out, a moment later.
“I am ALZA00971.” Again, a terse answer, and just as cold as before.
“Zero zero what now?” asked Barsch, surprised to find the words had come from his own treacherous lips.
“ALZA zero zero nine seven one” she repeated, this time with emphasis.
“Hmm… sounds a bit like a pod code, but not from any Station I’ve ever heard of…” Barsch replied, thinking of his own pod code: HUM-7728.
Kingston had taken a step away from Barsch, a strange look in his eyes. If Barsch had not known Kingston, he would have thought the old man looked ready to fight. But that was absurd, wasn’t it? The only other people in the room were two harmless teenagers, and Barsch doubted that the girl could do much damage to anyone. 
“Well, it is a bit of a mouthful. How about I call you… Alza?”
“Alza… very well… if that is what you wish.” 
Her voice was still as icy as before, but after hearing it for a while, he had started to get used to it. Still, their reunion had not exactly gone as he had planned, and her demeanour was so far removed from what he had imagined he was still having trouble accepting it.
“Well, Alza, my name is Barsch, Barsch La Tergan, and this here is Kingston…” he stated, pointing to the anxious hermit. She gave no indication that she had heard him, so he decided to forge ahead with the question that had been on his mind since they met.
“So, Alza, where are you from?”
Alza looked at Barsch impassively for a few tortuous heartbeats before answering, “I… I do not know. The first and last memory I have is seeing you in that glade, and then… nothing.”
Barsch had been expecting as much, given her first words to him, but it did leave him in a rather troublesome position. If she was like him, and had been awoken early, then she might have travelled miles from her Station. If he took her back to Genesis, her loved ones might never find her, and if he let her find her own way back, she might never make it. In addition, with Kingston’s health being so bad, he could not risk spending weeks escorting her back home…
“Wait, there’s something I’m missing… something important. Kingston’s health… his sickness… his medicine… the jar!” 
He had forgotten it in the excitement, but the very thing that had alerted them to Alza’s awakening was now lying on the floor in a hundred pieces. Dropping to his knees, he began searching the floor for any traces of the vital medicine. Even if it was only a teaspoon, it could buy Kingston enough time to make more…
“There’s nothing here! No, that’s impossible, I have to keep looking. The jar still had some medicine when I last saw it, so it can’t have just disappeared! If I can’t find it, his pollution sickness might- 
And then, with a terrible realisation, the pieces of the puzzles came together. His speedy recovery, the strange tasting soup, and the empty bottle…
“Kingston, please tell me you didn’t…” he sobbed, half-kneeling on the floor. He turned to look at the hermit’s face. His expression was all the confirmation he needed.
“I’m sorry m’boy… I couldn’t let you die… I just couldn’t…” 
At that time, Barsch did not know what to feel. Should he feel betrayed that Kingston had lied to him? Manipulated him into drinking the last of the medicine? Or should he feel grateful for the old man’s sacrifice? He did not know. It was all too fresh, too sudden to take in.
Without that medicine, Kingston would die, and there was nothing he could do to stop it…
“No, that’s not true! Kingston said it himself that he was planning on making more in a few weeks’ time. If we can find more medicine… if we can get it in time, we can save him!”
“Kingston, where is the medical clinic you were planning to visit?”
“What are you talking ab- No! I won’t let you, it’s too dangerous!” Kingston said, eyes lighting up in surprise once he realised what Barsch planned to do.
“It’s the only way, and besides, you were planning on going anyway! All we’re doing is… moving up the schedule.”
“You don’t understand, lad. The route I was going to take would have taken three weeks!”
“There must be another way there, right, Kingston? The shortest route is always the most dangerous, right?” Barsch could see it, the moment his words reached Kingston, the old man changed ever so slightly. If Barsch had not been watching for it, it’s possible he might have missed it entirely. Kingston was hiding something, something big.
 “That is the shortest route, boy! If there were another… I would know of it!”
“Kingston, please, don’t lie to me. You saved my life, twice, so please, allow me to repay my debts… allow me to help you.”
“Okay, okay!” he said, holding his hands up, “There is one other route… one that will only take a few days, but it’s just too dangerous! I won’t endanger your life just to prolong an old fool’s death!”
Barsch sighed wearily, recalling a similar argument he had once had with his father. He had almost forgotten how stubborn adults could be, especially if they thought that they were right. 
“Kingston, I’m going, no matter what. Now, you can either wait here for my return, or you can come with me, and help keep me safe. It’s your choice.”
And just like that, Barsch had won. Kingston noticeably slumped down with resignation, unable to keep up with the youth’s strong will. 
“Fine, have it your way!” he grumbled, heading out the door, “If we’re going to go, then we might as well go now, before it gets dark. Gather your things and ready yourself for travel, we leave in one hour.”
Smiling, Barsch took a step towards the door, but something made him stop. Alza had remained quiet throughout the whole argument, and even now she made no attempt to speak. He knew that he could not leave her, but he also did not have the luxury of figuring out where she had come from. They would have to take her with, and hope that things worked out for the better. 
“Um, I guess you’re coming with us. I’ll get Kingston to prepare a rucksack for you, okay?”
“Very well, I shall accompany you,” she stated, ignoring his question. 
Barsch shook his head as he left the room, pondering her strange behaviour. Would anyone have been able to remain so calm in that situation? She had awoken in a stranger’s bed, been interrogated by two men, watched them argue, and then she had been informed that she would be going on a dangerous journey with them. 
Where was the outrage? Where was the outright refusal? In a way, he was glad she had not refused to tag along, but her apathy to almost everything around her had made him worry far more than if she had said no.
*
An hour later, Barsch, Kingston and Alza were standing outside the front door, ready to leave. Each had been given a rucksack full of food, equipment and clothing, and Alza had received a new outfit, courtesy of Kingston. The hut behind them had been sealed up tight, and every scrap of food had been sorted and packed. The only thing left to do was lock the front door, turn off the generator and head out. 
A few minutes later, they had done just that. Kingston took the lead, with Alza dutifully following behind. Barsch, however, lingered for just a moment. It was strange, a day before he had running away from Kingston and his kindness. Now, he was risking everything he had in order to save the old man from certain doom. A sudden flash of colour drew his attention to the roof, where a familiar face was singing merrily.
“Take care of it, while we’re gone, okay?” he said, speaking in the bluejoy’s direction. In response, the bluejoy began a new tune, one that sounded hopeful to Barsch’s ears. After one last look, he turned and hurried after his companions.
And although the future was uncertain, Barsch knew one thing for sure: he would save Kingston, even if he had to die to do so.


Chapter IV: “She’s Dangerous”
In which strange happenings are afoot...

The walk through the forest was slow and unhurried, a contrast to the urgency Barsch felt. However, when he asked Kingston about this, the old man had explained that they needed to save their energy for the harder parts to come. The sun was still high in the sky when they finally emerged from the forest, heading east. Viewed from afar, they made a rather strange group: Alza walked slowly, paying almost no attention to her surroundings; Kingston led the way, pointing out interesting landmarks and facts to Barsch, who surveyed the area constantly, looking for any sign of danger. 
At one point, they had to stop while Kingston caught his breath. While he waited for the old man to recover, Barsch took the chance to talk to Alza. Kingston had given her a white summer dress with light blue accents, black hiking boots, and a white greatcoat which was currently stored away in her pack. Finally, Kingston had gifted her with a strange, silver bracelet, which he had insisted she wear. All in all, she looked stunning, although she did not seem to see it herself. When Barsch had asked about the outfit, Kingston had explained that it had belonged to his late wife. The old hermit had said nothing after that, instead looking to the horizon, eyes full of regret and longing.
“Do you feel tired?” he asked as he drew near, trying to imply that they could rest for longer if necessary. Although she had a voice like ice and a rather unnatural appearance, she was still a girl after all. In Barsch’s experience, girls were soft and delicate creatures, meant to be protected and provided for. 
“Yumiere was not soft or delicate. She was fearless and adventurous… but look what that got her in the end…” Again Barsch was forced to shut out the treacherous voice in his head. He could not have memories of her resurface now. It was just too painful…
“No. I am ready to continue at any time.” 
Another terse, emotionless reply. Not for the first time, Barsch wondered if his initial belief –that of her being a ghost- had been accurate. If not a ghost, then perhaps a robot? 
“No, she is alive, and she is… human, that much I know. She’s just a little… odd, that’s all…” And so Barsch continued to see her as a normal girl, despite all evidence to the contrary.
“Good, that’s good,” he replied, rather lamely. Aside from Yumiere, he had had few female friends during his youth, leading to remarkably little interaction with the fairer sex. Still, he doubted that any amount of interaction could have prepared him for someone like Alza…
“All better,” said Kingston, appearing at Barsch’s side. Unfortunately, the strange behaviour Kingston had shown upon meeting Alza had not disappeared as Barsch had hoped. The old man was not exactly hostile, but nor was he overly friendly. Clearly, there was something about Alza that made Kingston nervous, but Barsch could not figure out what it was. 
“Shall we go?” Kingston asked, glancing towards Alza.
“Yeah, I’m ready when you are,” replied Barsch, picking up his rucksack. They still had a few more hours of daylight, and he did not want to waste them if he could help it. A few minutes later, they were off. 
*
The landscape had changed remarkably since leaving the forest, becoming more sloped and hilly. In the distance, a range of snow-capped mountains lay directly in their path: a natural obstacle between them and Kingston’s medicine. Kingston’s original route had skirted the mountains entirely, but they did not have the time to find a way around. 
Instead, they had decided to take the most direct route possible, which meant scaling the peak and looking for a pass through the mountains. Up there, amongst the wind and the snow, anything could happen. Even the slightest tremor could send an avalanche of ice and frost careening towards them, while the extreme cold could easily cause hypothermia. It was far from ideal, but they had only two choices: weather the mountain and its dangers, or let Kingston die… and that was no choice at all.
“How are you feeling m’boy?” Kingston asked suddenly, as they crested what seemed like their hundredth hill.
“Good, a little bit of pain, but nothing serious,” Barsch replied, knowing how worried the old man had been about him travelling.
“That’s good. And your chest? How is your breathing?”
Only then did it hit Barsch. The feeling, or rather, the lack of the feeling that had been almost constant since he had first awoken. While travelling to the Station, every breath had been hard and laboured, but at that moment, Barsch was breathing easier than ever. 
“Great, actually,” he said, after breathing in deeply, “Whatever is in that medicine seems to really have done the trick.”
At the mention of the medicine Kingston’s eyes dropped to the floor. “I’m sorry, for deceiving you like that. But I only did it because I thought that you would have refused otherwise. Can you ever forgive me?” 
Even before the question came, Barsch knew that he would forgive the old man. After all, he would have done the same thing if their positions had been reversed, and he could not blame Kingston for saving his life. 
“Kingston, I forgive you,” he said, placing his hand on Kingston’s shoulder. A heartbeat later, Kingston returned to normal, smiling and looking ahead.
*
The rest of the afternoon went by largely without incident, as the group continued to climb up the highlands. The only break in the monotony had been when they happened upon a herd of dyr -flanks bleached white from decades of pollution exposure- grazing on a hilltop. The animals had fled as they approached, denying the group any chance of fresh meat. 
Even as Barsch marvelled at the creatures ability to adapt and survive, Kingston had been harrying them on, wary of the falling sun. However, as they had hurried off, Barsch caught sight of a grisly wound the flank of one of the larger bucks, and silently wished that they would not meet the beast responsible.
Finally, with the sun sitting red on the horizon, they decided to stop. Kingston had chosen to camp out under a large stone outcrop, which sheltered them from the wind and protected them from any nearby predators. A small stream, originating from the mountains above, snaked down the nearby hill. It led to a small grove of trees, a good place to find both food and firewood.
“Alright, I’m going to set up camp, Barsch, do you think you could try and catch us some supper from that stream? And Alza, in the meantime, could you gather some firewood from the grove over there?” said Kingston, as he cleared a space under the outcrop for their camp.
Alza had given no response to the query, but had gone off in the direction of the trees nevertheless. Barsch was then left to fetch the fishing equipment from his pack, although, in this case, “equipment” was something of a misnomer. Kingston had lent him a small piece of scrap metal that the hermit had bent into something resembling a hook, and attached it to a long length of twine. 
Making do with what he had was one of the first things his father ever taught him, so he resolved to do just that. Tearing of a few chunks of dried meat –which Kingston was saving for emergencies- to make bait, he strode over to the stream. 
While he was searching for a good spot, he was surprised by the pitter-patter of rain on the water’s surface. Judging from the accompanying cloud’s size and colour, the rain was not dangerous, but fishing in the rain was not something he had planned for. In minutes he was soaked through, and only the thought of drying off in front of the fire and eating fresh fish kept him going. However, after ten minutes of fruitless fishing, the thought was becoming less and less likely to turn into reality. 
“Any luck, m’boy?” asked Kingston, walking over to check on his progress.
“Not yet, but I’m still hopeful,” Barsch lied, knowing full well that he had as much chance of catching a fish as he did of sprouting wings.
“Well, it’s certainly good to see a young lad with so much patience. You know, that’s the real key to fishing, patience.” And just like that, Barsch knew that he could not return empty handed. He would stand there, all night if necessary, in order to fulfil the old man’s expectations. 
*
Another ten minutes passed with little change, save for Barsch becoming wetter than he ever thought possible. Kingston had laid out their sleeping bags in the driest part below the overhang, and was now gathering the tools he would need to prepare supper. All he was missing was a fire and a fish, but both were looking rather impossible.
And then, just as Barsch began to curse his luck; the gods; and the stubborn fish, fate smiled upon him. The tug had come so fast, so suddenly, he had almost dropped the line in surprise. But something had made him hold on, and with a strong heave, he wrenched the baited fish from its underwater home. After his heart had returned to a somewhat normal rhythm, he was able to see that the fish was rather… paltry. Still, this was his first fish, and it would forever be special to him… until he devoured it. 
However, when he brought it over to Kingston, he did not receive the words of praise he had been expecting. Instead, what he heard was, “She’s been gone too long, that girl of yours…”
Barsch was about to reply that she was not his girl, when he noticed that Kingston was right. Given the closeness of the grove and the ease of the task, Alza should have already returned with a bundle of firewood and a placid expression.  
“You’re right, I’ll go and check on her.” Barsch said, setting off towards the grove. He reached down as he walked, freeing Kingston’s blade from its hiding place. Even if Alza’s delay was the result of something harmless, he never wanted to be caught unawares again.
“It’s going to happen again. She’s going to die, and it will be my fault… Yumiere… I’m so sorry…” 
No! He could not let himself drown in memories of the past. Alza might be in danger, and he was of no help to her if he stood there wallowing in self-pity.
Shaking the thoughts from his head, Barsch thundered past the treeline, senses he didn’t know he had straining for any sign of Alza. On the ground lay several discarded branches, now wet from the pouring rain. It was a bad sign, and one that Barsch followed deeper into the grove. He slid from tree to tree, the slippery grass hampering his movements, as he followed the trail of kindling into a large clearing.
There, on the other side, stood Alza, completely unharmed. Save for a strangely shaped rock in the centre of the field, she was alone. Her white hair had been drenched by the rainfall, and her boots were slightly muddied from the undergrowth, but she bore no obvious wounds, nor showed any signs of distress.
And then the rock moved, and Barsch was forced to re-evaluate the entire situation. The beast –for that is what it was- turned slowly, arduously, towards Barsch. Its mottled, grey coat bore numerous scars, and its serrated tusks were chipped and scratched from years of use. Another scar had blinded it in one eye, leaving only one crimson pupil remaining, which was still more than enough to freeze Barsch in his tracks. 
Sus Erymanthia, a subspecies of wild boar that had originated after the males had undergone environmental adaptation due to the increasing levels of pollution. They had become more violent and resilient, a dangerous combination, and had caused several deaths before The Great Sleep began. Barsch had heard of them only in passing, but he was well aware of the danger they were in.
“Alza, don’t move,” he whispered, trying to move closer to her while simultaneously moving away from the boar. 
“She must be frozen with fear,” he thought, despite all evidence to the contrary. “I’ll distract it while you get Kingston, okay?” he asked, after he had moved closer.
“I do not understand,” she replied, in a level tone, “Should we not just kill the beast?” 
“Um, no… I don’t want to risk you getting hurt,” he said, trying to sound compassionate.
“I will suffer no injury, I assure you.” 
Her tone was not one of self-confidence, as Barsch thought it should have been. It was simply assuredness. She wholeheartedly believed that she would emerge unscathed, and most likely could not even conceptualize another outcome.
“Be that as it may… I think we should run away this time… okay?”
“Very well, I will comply,” as she turned to leave the clearing, Barsch fancied that he heard her mumble, “This time…” 
However, he had no chance to confirm this, as the boar –apparently infuriated by the thought of its meal running away- had decided to charge. 
“Alza!” he screamed, trying to warn her of the swiftly approaching danger. But it was too late, the beast was already upon her, sharpened tusks embedding themselves into Al-
When Barsch opened his eyes, ten heartbeats later, he was greeted by a most puzzling sight. Alza was standing beside the boar, a look of disinterest painted on her pale face. As for the boar, it had found itself stuck into a large, withering oak, its murderous rage having driven its tusks deep into the dying wood. 
“How did she? How could she have? That’s not possible! It was right on top of her!” 
But now was not the time for questions. The boar had already started to struggle free, and Barsch did not want to be anywhere near when it succeeded. Taking Alza’s unresisting hand, he led her from the clearing, towards the distant rock outcrop. The rain was still coming down hard, but Barsch did not feel a single drop, his mind too bewildered by what had happened. 
*
On the way out of the forest, Alza had suddenly stopped walking, prompting Barsch to ask why. Without speaking, she had pointed to the undergrowth, where the sticks she had discarded still lay. Barsch had wanted to continue on without them, but she had not moved until every last piece of kindling had been collected. Finally, several minutes after leaving the grove, they arrived at the outcrop.  
The moment they arrived, Kingston had run forward and started asking questions. Quickly, Barsch assured the old man that they were both fine, and that they had run into some… minor trouble. After what Kingston must have gone through the last time Barsch endangered himself, Barsch decided to obfuscate the truth somewhat.
“So, while Alza was gathering firewood, she slipped and fell into a crevice, and then you came along and rescued her?” said Kingston, after Barsch had finished weaving his tale.
“Yes, that’s what happened,” Barsch replied, mentally begging Alza not to give him away. But, for once, her taciturn nature came in handy, and she merely stared back when Kingston glanced in her direction. 
Kingston looked from Alza to Barsch a few times, before announcing, “Alright, I can see that happening, especially with all this blasted rain. I’m glad neither of you were hurt.” 
At this point, Alza walked over and handed Kingston the collected wood, who took it with an unhappy look on his face. “Completely soaked, just as I feared,” he stated, after looking through the small pile. “Sorry Barsch, looks like it’ll be a cold supper tonight.” 
“Are you sure?” Barsch asked, childish hope momentarily overwhelming his adult pessimism.
“Yeah, I could try and put it to the match, but with wood like this…”
“May I try?” asked Alza, suddenly appearing beside Kingston. 
The hermit gave a small jump, but covered his embarrassment by saying, “Go ahead, if you want, although I doubt anything will come of it.” 
He then reached into one of his coat pockets and drew forth a partially crumpled matchbook, which he then handed to Alza. She took the matchbook and knelt beside the pile of kindling, a strange look in her eyes.
What happened next was too fast for Barsch’s eyes to follow. He caught a glimpse of a white spark, a flash of red, and then it was over. What had previously been a very damp patch of wood, had now become a small, amber-hued fire.
“By Ether’s ghost,” whispered Kingston, as he looked at the fire with awe. “How did you…”
“I try not to think about it,” said Barsch, recalling Alza’s impossible escape in the grove.
Kingston nodded, but there was still something in his eyes when he looked at Alza, something… dangerous. 
“Well, I suppose we should make supper then,” he announced, a few tense minutes later.
*
That night, after their meal, Barsch and Kingston rolled out their sleeping bags and got ready for bed. Alza had dragged hers over to the far side of the overhang, and, without another word, had gone to sleep. Barsch, however, still had some energy left, and so petitioned Kingston for a quick game of chess. 
Thankfully the old man had had the foresight to bring his set along, saving them the effort of creating a makeshift board and pieces. As they sat there, thinking of and implementing their strategies, Kingston began speaking of a time when the world almost fell into ruin.
“Do you know anything about The South Wars, m’boy?” Kingston asked, as he took another of Barsch’s ebony pawns. 
“A little, but only bits and pieces,” he replied, returning the favour by adding an ivory piece to his pile.
“I see. Well, The South Wars were a series of wars set shortly after The Creed Event.”
“When Goat accidentally released all that pollution and the capital was destroyed? I read about it in one of your books…”
“Yes, although you should always take those… stories with a grain of salt. Time has a tendency to obscure the real truth. Anyway, so after the destruction of the capital and the spreading of the pollution, things got… worse. At first, the nations worked together to combat the growing pollution, but as the wave of miasma swept across the land, people began to think a little more selfishly. Soon, every country was trying to grab as much unpolluted land as possible, even if it happened to belong to someone else. Skirmishes became battles, and battles became full-on global warfare as the world descended into chaos.”
“What happened next?” asked Barsch, so enthralled he managed to lose a knight and bishop to two pawns.
“Twenty years passed. Twenty years of death and destruction. In our haste to safeguard what little remained, we ended up destroying it. Eventually, we ran out of unpolluted land, and the war ended. Billions had died, and we had lost both the manpower and time needed to save the planet. Humanity could do nothing but watch as the world around them slowly died, and then-
“The cryogenesis plan…” 
“Yes,” Kingston looked around, sighing as his sight took in the polluted land around them, “It’s been decades since the war ended, and yet the land still bears the scars…” 
“I didn’t know…” Barsch had grown up after the South Wars, and as such he had only passing knowledge of what happened. In his youth, he had tried to learn more, but the adults around him wanted nothing more than to forget those dark times, and taught him nothing.
“It was a long time ago, and most of the people who had been there preferred not to remember it. Too many had lost their lives fighting for pointless things… We had gone from a great, united conglomeration of civilizations to a pathetic gathering of nationless survivors, and for many, it was a reality too hopeless to bear.” 
“Checkmate…” Barsch whispered.
“Ah, good game…” It was clear that neither man wanted a rematch, so they decided to turn in for the night.
A few minutes later, Kingston was sound asleep, his gentle snoring joining the pitter-patter of the rain. Barsch lay in his sleeping bag for a while, thinking of all the things he had done in the last few days: surviving a heart attack and an electrocution, catching his first fish and facing an erymanthian… things that he would never have experienced had he returned to his pod. 
Was this why he had been awoken? To experience the childhood he had been denied? Living with his father, he had spent every day trying to survive, but here, with Kingston and Alza, he was having… fun. He was still in more mortal peril than he cared for, and Kingston’s life was still at stake, but he was finally having the adventure he had dreamed of as a child. Whether the adventure ended in laughter or screams of despair, however, was something that kept him awake for hours, until sleep temporarily robbed him of his worries…
*
“This is him? This is our champion?” a voice, unlike anything I have ever heard before. The voice sounds like the crashing of a hundred tidal waves all at once. I lie in the darkness, surrounded by thousands of multi-coloured stars. 
Where am I? Where is this place? 
“He’s not quite what I imagined. Are you sure you got the right one?” A different voice, this one reminiscent of a rockslide hitting a metal roof. 
Who are these… people? Are they talking about me?
“There were ten thousand pods in that place, it is… possible.” The first voice is speaking again, this time with a guilty tone.
“Well, it’s simple to find out. If he fails the first trial, then we revived the wrong one. If he triumphs, then he’s the one we need.”  The second voice sounds confident, as if the speaker had just come to a realisation. I search the void for the speakers, using every sense I have to find them.
“Hmm… that is a good point. Ah, this is intriguing!”
“What is it?”
“He’s aware of us. Even now I can feel his mind searching for us.” 
“Is that even possible? He’s supposed to be dreaming. The only ones who can move freely through the dreamscape are-
“If he really is the one, then anything is possible. We should leave this place, before he finds us. He cannot know the truth until he is ready.”
“Agreed. We should head North, I can dimly sense… Him, in that direction.”
“Yes, but I want to avoid confrontation if possible. There is still much of His plan that lies hidden from us, and I do not want to move against Him until we know more.”
The voices fade, but not before one last phrase echoes down from above, “Good luck, human.” Silence rushes in to the void, returning it to its hallowed equilibrium. I am alone once more, of that I am sure.
 I am filled with questions that I doubt I will ever have the answers to. Slowly, I begin drifting towards one of the nearby stars. As I near, I see that the stars are in fact orbs of light, spinning gently in the void. There is something inside each one, but it is too hazy to make out until I get closer. Soon, an orb detaches from the multitudes, drifting towards me. The orb shines with a radiant golden light, like a miniature sun. I cannot move, I cannot avoid it. Silently, we collide, as everything fades to black.
*
Darkness, then light, then nothing. I find myself in a strange place: a hall filled with crystal spires and hanging mirrors. Overhead, the orb filled void has taken the place of the ceiling. Ahead, I spy a throne made of transparent crystal, seemingly hewn from a massive diamond. Seated on the glimmering throne is Alza, fast asleep judging by her sealed eyes and her slow breathing. I glide closer, curious as to why anyone would sleep during such a peculiar dream.
I chide myself for such a logical thought. This is obviously not the real Alza, who is currently fast asleep in the real world. She must be a projection of my subconscious, trying to meld memory and desire. 
However, despite this knowledge, she feels more real than anything else in this dream. If I could reach out and touch her cheek, I somehow know that it would be warm. If she woke up and spoke, her words would not be those of a mental puppet, but of the true Alza. What then should I do? Should I attempt to wake her, and risk her wrath? Or should I follow her example, and let sleep, and reality, take me?
“What are you doing here?” 
The voice catches me off guard, but I manage to recover from my shock in mere seconds. It was stupid of me to presume that she was fully asleep, without even checking. Still seated on the throne, the only difference between now and then is that her violet eyes are open, and are watching me with a mixture of annoyance and curiosity.
“Um… I’m having a dream, what about you?” It is the strangest sentence I’ve ever uttered, but Alza does not show any reaction to the nonsensical words.
“I am resting my mind as my body recovers its energy. I suppose that it is similar to your… dreaming.”
Alza stands at last, stepping down from the throne as if it was something she had been doing for years. In the timeless space of the dreamscape, perhaps she has been.
“You should not be here,” she says, drawing closer. Only now can I see the tell-tale tracks left by a recent torrent of tears. Strangely, the residue is crimson in colouration, and looks suspiciously like dried blood. Still, this is a dream, and the world of logic has no place here. 
“Why? Why shouldn’t I be here?”
“You have no understanding of what you have done. Like a child who has just learned to run, you leap ahead without looking at where you will land. You have been wrought free from the prison called Mind, and yet you do not even see that you were imprisoned to begin with. It is still too soon for you to wander around the dreamscape unaided. Return now, to where it is safe…
Alza raises a hand, and the dream begins to dissolve. The crystal spires melt under an unseen inferno, as the unsupported mirrors quickly revert to streams of cooling sand. She is forcing me out of the dream, that much I understand, but with that knowledge comes the understanding that there is nothing I can do to stop her. For now, I am powerless to resist… but perhaps, in the future, things will go differently… 
Only the void is left, as the multi-coloured spheres slowly fade away into the darkness. I cannot move towards them, any more than I can move my head. I can do nothing but wait, in the comforting embrace of the void, until this strange dream comes to a close.
*
That morning, the cold sun shone on three bodies, lying curled up on a rocky outcrop. Of the three, only the one wrapped in a green traveling blanket showed any sign of waking. For the first time in a long, long while, Kingston had not dreamt, which meant that his sleeping mind had not been assailed by its usual treatment of guilt and regret. Therefore, his morning routine of meditation and calming exercises had not been needed, leaving him with an excess of mental energy. Physically, he was still weak, and every tenth breath was replaced by a short cough. 
After clearing away what little of the campfire remained, Kingston busied himself with a variety of miscellaneous tasks, waiting for the dozing duo to awaken. Finally, after half an hour of inaction and with the sun already well above the horizon, Kingston took matters into his own hands.
"Barsch m'boy, it's time to get up," he softly called, placing a wrinkled hand on the youth's shoulder. When Barsch failed to wake, he tried again, louder.
A small spur of fear was already creeping into his mind by his third attempt. “Had something gone wrong in the night? Had Barsch's pollution exposure during his trip to Genesis been worse than I thought?” These thoughts were joined by dozens more of the same ilk, building up into a tidal wave of fear that threatened to come crashing down on his frail psyche.
And them, seconds before he started CPR, Barsch's eyes snapped open, and Kingston could have sworn that they looking at something beyond him; beyond anything reality had to offer. And then, releasing a breath he had not realized he was holding, Kingston let out a sigh of relief.
"Kingston?" whispered a voice from somewhere near. Barsch was understandably confused, since his first sight had been that of an old hermit about to perform CPR on him. 
"Sorry m'boy, just a little misunderstanding. How are you feeling?" Kingston stood up as he spoke, trying to inject some normality into the awkward situation.
"I'm fine, a bit light-headed, but nothing to be worried over."
Had the boy seen the concern in his face? Or had he guessed what had happened? Kingston would never know, nor did he care to.
"Ah, that’s good. So, did you have any good dreams?” Kingston asked, hoping that the standard morning question would ease the tension somewhat. 
However, his query had the opposite effect, and Barsch’s face contorted as he struggled to remember his dream. He could recall only fragments, tiny slivers of memory that refused to coalesce. There had been an immense darkness and words that had not been his own… and maybe… a crystal throne? 
But even as he thought back the images started to fade, losing what little definition they had. Only the great void remained clear in his mind, but dreaming about darkness was hardly alarming, or interesting for that matter. Strangely, when he pictured that infinite emptiness in his mind, an unusual feeling descended down upon him. He felt comforted, at peace even, and for a brief moment he wondered if this was how a mother’s embrace would feel. But he would never know that feeling, and the ghosts of the past could do little for him now.
“Sorry Kingston, I can’t remember anything… you know how it is,” even as he spoke, he felt a pang of guilt for lying to Kingston. 
“I understand. It’s perfectly… normal.” Kingston, for the first time since he had knelt beside Barsch, looked over to where Alza had lain. Looking back at him was a pair of violet eyes, which could only belong to their mysterious companion.
“Good morning, Alza, did you sleep well?” Barsch’s words came as a surprise, but Alza answered without delay.
“My body has rested. We should leave this place and continue our journey.” Barsch had been expecting something similar, but it still would have been nice for her to answer with more emotion. He had somewhat gotten used to her level, almost monotone voice, but he did wish for some variety now and again.
“Surprisingly, I agree with her. It’s already well past dawn, and I want us to be high up in the mountains by dusk.” Kingston’s face told Barsch that the old hermit truly did not like agreeing with Alza, but his strange dislike for her would have to be a problem for the future. In the present, Barsch quickly rose and carried out his morning routine, still rubbing sleep from his eyes. 
Less than half an hour later, they had eaten a light breakfast of leftover fish and had packed up the campsite. The sky was almost completely void of clouds, with only a few wisps of grey hanging over the mountains above them. Despite the thick caps of snow covering the peaks, the air was still humid, and gentle warmth permeated the environment. Barsch did not care if this was due to side effects from the global pollution or merely a geographical quirk, he was just glad to be warm. 
*
An hour later, Barsch was regretting his earlier praise for the mountain’s warmth. As they climbed higher, the path became steeper and more arduous. Soon, Barsch was sweating from every pore he possessed, while Alza and Kingston strolled along as if they were walking on flat land. Despite Kingston’s physical condition, he had mastered a tempo that would both allow him to keep up with the group and conserve his energy for later. Meanwhile, Alza’s tempo was fast paced, and she quickly gained a hundred foot lead, despite her physical limitations. Thus, as they scaled the highlands, Barsch slowly fell behind, and had to ask several times for a rest. When this happened, Kingston would slow his relentless tempo and allow Barsch to catch up, but Alza would merely drop back a few feet. 
Several more hours passed in this manner, with Alza galloping ahead and Barsch falling behind. Overhead, the clear skies was slowly being replaced by a ceiling of grey and black, as the mountain trapped and distorted the local airflow. Only Kingston seemed to notice the encroaching weather, but he made no mention of it.
Six hours after they had left the outcrop, they stopped at a small hollow in the mountain for lunch. The snowline was still far away, but already the warm breeze had replaced by a bone-chilling cold. Barsch set about preparing the food: the last of the fish and some of Kingston’s homemade bread; while Alza made the fire and Kingston scouted out the route. 
When the old hermit returned, a scowl had appeared on his weathered face. When Barsch asked for the source of his bad mood, the old man merely pointed to the sky. As Barsch lifted his gaze skyward, he saw the reason for Kingston’s unease. The small group of clouds seen that morning had blossomed into a solid ceiling of black which stretched across the afternoon sky. 
“Storm?” asked Barsch, already knowing the answer.
“Yes, although it’s still relatively small. It could break tonight, or in five minutes time, or never…” 
Kingston once more looked at the tumulus sky, and Barsch could see that he was weighing his options. In reality, there were only three: stay where they were and hope for the best, descend down the mountain… or climb straight into the storm, and pray for a cave or crevice to provide shelter.
“Kingston, what do you want to do?” Barsch enquired, after ten minutes of contemplative silence.
After a short bout of coughing, Kingston gave his reply, although it was not the one Barsch had expected.
“We go up,” the old man said, with a mixture of determination and regret in his tone.
“Why?” 
“We can’t climb back down, not if the storm hits before we reach safety. Climbing down a mountain is never easy. During a rainstorm, it’s almost impossible. Besides, this area is far too exposed for my liking. Closer to the summit there’s a greater chance of finding a cave to wait out the storm.”
Barsch knew that the decision to continue onwards had not been an easy one, but he could not agree with the old hermit. Alza and he might be able to manage it, but with Kingston’s failing health…
“Don’t worry, m’boy, I still have what it takes. I survived on my own for decades and I’ll be damned if a little bit of rain and an overgrown hill could stop me now.”
“But-
“We need to move on. Before the storm worsens.” 
Barsch knew that there was nothing more to be said. He had no choice but to pack up his things and follow Kingston out of the hollow. Overhead, the sky continued to darken, heralding the fierce storm that could destroy them.
*
The rest of the day was spent climbing towards the peak, and whatever shelter they could find along the way. After almost two hours, Barsch was surprised to find that he was keeping up with the group. Whether his newfound energy and stamina came from the direness of the situation or from his body’s quick recovery, he was thankful as it prevented him from becoming a burden.
Kingston, in contrast, was struggling more and more with every step. His earlier vigour and quick pace had all but disappeared, and now, it was he who was asking to rest. To make things worse, they had reached the snowline, which meant that temperatures had once again plummeted. Soon, they were struggling to move through the deepening snow, and their pace slowed to a crawl. The cold seeped into their clothes, chilling the little that had managed to remain warm. 
A sudden shower of light, freezing rain did nothing to alleviate the chill. It came without warning, pelting them with melted hail that drenched them within seconds. Barsch tried to think of a time when he had been in a more miserable situation, but his memory came up empty. Aside from the physical exhaustion, the heavy atmosphere gave each step extra weight, to match what they were feeling in their hearts. Indecision, regret, guilt, all welled up inside them, softly coaxing them to just stop walking and accept their fates. 
In the midst of all of this, it was Alza’s sudden, unexplained disappearance that almost broke Barsch. He had been trying to fight the hopelessness while focusing on Kingston’s distant, faltering form, when her absence had come to him. She had already gained quite a lead, and with the encroaching cloud-wall and the accompanying fog, spotting her would have been a difficult challenge; but this reasoning was lost on Barsch. At that moment, under the influence of the biting cold and the despair laden situation, he could only conclude that she had abandoned them to die. After all, she was the most physically able of the group, and she might be able to reach safety if she left the sick old man and the slow boy behind.
Far above them, but not as far as it had been before, the storm cried out with a thunderous voice. The sound shook the mountain, and for an instant the darkness became light, illuminating the stark and cave-less terrain. Another bolt burst forth from the heavens, striking a boulder only a few hundred feet away. Without even waiting for the first to die away, the storm sent down another pronged spear of light, and another. Soon, the entire mountainside was a field of glowing phalanxes, filling the air with an unending roar. For an instant, Barsch wanted to join in, and add his voice to the din, becoming one with the storm that wanted to kill him. 
However, his reasonable side told him to lower his profile, to avoid giving the lightning any help in finding him. He was about to mention this to Kingston when he saw that the old man was already kneeling, but in a way that somehow worried Barsch. Kingston’s left hand lay outstretched, as if it had been flung out to grab onto something, while his right was gripped firmly around his ankle. 
“Kingston? What’s wrong?” Barsch screamed, struggling to be heard above the chaos.
When Kingston looked up, Barsch saw pain in the old man’s eyes, and he suddenly knew what the hermit would say.
“Sorry m’boy, the lightning took me by surprise… lost my footing and ended up twisting my bloody foot… sorry… I’m so sorry…” 
This was it, the last crack in the dam wall. Barsch’s heart broke like a hammer hitting a mirror, buckling his knees and bringing fresh tears to his eyes. He was going to die, there and then, without ever accomplishing anything, without ever even coming close to his goal…  
He wanted to scream, to wail in frustration, but his voice had left him, along with his strength. Should he lie down, in the comfortable snow, and let the cold take him? Or should he stand tall, and die in a blaze of light? Either way, the end result was the same. 
Kneeling on a snow-swept mountainside, in the middle of a storm, Barsch closed his eyes and welcomed death…
“NO.”
The force of the thought shook Barsch from his pessimistic frame of mind. For a brief instant, hope fluttered in his heart…
“NOT HERE!”
The burgeoning hope began to grow, feeding on the mysterious voice, giving him back his strength. Through sheer willpower, he forced his legs to move, taking one step, and then another, towards his fallen friend.
“THROUGH FIRE,”
Kingston was closer now; a small figure in the darkness, but Barsch was going to bring him into the light.
“THROUGH ICE,”
Barsch knew that he would never forget the look on Kingston’s face that day. A mixture of amazement and confusion, but filled to the brim with pride nonetheless.
“THROUGH DEEPEST DESPAIR,”
Without even slowing, Barsch leant down and grabbed hold of the hermit’s wiry frame. He should have been surprised with how easily he lifted the injured hermit, but his mind was on other things.
“I will never lose my stride…” Barsch whispered, as he turned towards the peak and started walking. Around him, prongs of lightning were blackening the mountainside with their ferocity, but he ignored them, as one ignores a harmless animal. In his eyes, only one thing existed: the still distant peak. Logic, fear, hope, none of it mattered anymore. He just needed to keep walking, until fate bowed to his will.
“Barsch.” 
The voice was soft, but somehow still perfectly clear and audible above the roar of the storm. Its speaker stood in Barsch’s way, which would have annoyed him, had it been anyone else.
“I thought that you abandoned us,” he said, his voice colder than the freezing rain.
“I did,” Alza replied, in a tone that should have frozen the water around her, “But only temporarily.” 
Strangely, no lightning struck close to her, despite the maelstrom that had enveloped them. “I found a cave nearby. It should provide adequate shelter from the storm, but we will need to move quickly.”
Barsch knew what she was saying: two could reach the cave in time, three could not. It was a simple equation, but Barsch had never been particularly fond of math. 
“I’m not leaving him,” he answered, still walking towards her.
“So be it.” 
And that was that. Alza gave no further argument or derision as they slowly climbed, but nor did she offer aid in any way. An out of place lightning strike gave them the illumination they needed to locate the cave, and both wordlessly sped towards it. Behind them, the storm continued to grow in intensity, with hail, snow and lightning mixing together seamlessly to form an unending barrage of torment. 
Only a few dozen feet from the cave entrance, the sky suddenly became quiet. The hail, the snow, the lightning, all just vanished, as if they had never been. Barsch was so shocked by the sudden turn of events, he allowed his pace to drop, which proved to be the smartest thing he had ever done, as moments later, the air turned white.
A massive bolt, like the fist of Zeus, slammed into the ground mere inches from Barsch’s feet. The shockwaves raced up his legs, blurring his vision and almost buckling his knees. If he had not slowed, he would have been incinerated, cremated by Mother Nature herself. 
“MOVE BOY!” screamed Kingston, as the giant bolt faded and Barsch’s hearing returned. Without waiting for his brain to issue the command, his legs obeyed. He was carried towards the tiny hole in the earth by his treacherous limbs. When he arrived, he saw that the cave was barely deeper than a divot, with a narrow entrance and a shallow chamber within. 
Still carrying Kingston, Barsch skidded to a stop, before half-diving, half-falling into the opening. Alza came through only moments later, with rather more grace and composure. Outside, another gigantic bolt had struck, seemingly in the same place as the last. As it faded, another one came down, this time undoubtedly finding the same mark. This phenomenon repeated itself five more times, until the gods, apparently satisfied, allowed the storm to return to its earlier fury.
They lay there, revelling in the warmth offered by their companions, and the safety given by the cave, as exhaustion slowly sent them into the realm of dreams…
*
Cold… it’s so cold… 
For the first time, I miss the void… Anything, even an infinite darkness, would be better than this. I float in an endless sea of white light, with only the unimaginable cold as company. Slowly, details emerge from my uniform surroundings, as elements from the real world bleed into the dream. Gradually, the light is replaced by a sea of white clouds, a shift so subtle it is almost imperceptible. 
Next, colour is added in the form of a long, winding chain of mountains, their blues and greys breathing much needed variety into this monochrome vision. The dream blurs as I float towards the distant, yet strangely familiar ground. Soon, only one peak remains, a solitary spire of defiance, ringed by a black halo. Even as I drift closer, the storm grows, the inky darkness consuming everything in its path. 
“He’s gone too far, interfering like this.” The voice sounds familiar, but I can’t place it. It reminds me of the time my father brought me to the sea, and we spent an hour just listening to the crashing waves.
“I agree. We are lucky he has not simply materialised before them. He is still playing by the rules, but he is bending them to breaking point.” The companion voice, reminiscent of the volcanic eruption audio log that they played for us in school… 
“Using the storm was one thing, but directing the lightning strikes is taking it too far. If they had been early by just one second, everything would have been lost.”
There! Floating a hundred feet above the storm, are two people. Even at this distance, I can feel their power… their presence. At first glance, they look like two children, one with short, neat blond hair, and the other with long, flowing black tresses. They are wearing long, flowing cloaks that show no skin and hide their proportions perfectly.   
As I glide closer, the duo turns to face me. How could I have been so wrong? The figures floating before me look like they just stepped out of a modelling catalogue. The blond-haired man has chiselled features that look like they were cut with a laser, while his dark-haired companion is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. The man’s eyes are a set of perfectly polished emeralds, while the woman has a matching set of sapphires. Both are filled with wisdom and depth, and whisper of the things they have seen… things no human should ever see.
Below us, the storm continues to gain intensity, with sporadic rainfall coating the mountainside and hail sending icy bullets towards the three indistinct figures making their way towards the peak. They seem so small… so frail… is this what we are? Is this how the gods see us?
“He’s not ready yet,” whispers the man, whose features have somehow aged and hardened. Before, I would have placed his age near mine, but now he bears a strange resemblance to my father. Is age a choice for them, or is it the fault of the dream? The woman has likewise aged, and… if I had not taken my mother’s life, I’m sure she would also feel familiar. 
“I know, but I wanted to see him with my own eyes.” Again, her age has changed, now closer to Kingston’s, but her beauty has not faded. Her eyes still hold the same intensity, and regard me with an expression I have never seen before. Guilt? Shame? I don’t have the time to confirm. She has already started to fade, her dark blue eyes and black locks blending seamlessly with the now raging storm. The man has already vanished, all trace of him erased from the dream. 
There are so many things I want to ask, so many things I want to say. But, somehow I know this won’t be the last time we meet. Whoever they are, whatever their goal, we are connected, and I will see them again…
“Be strong, Son of None, for your trials are only beginning…” The woman’s voice is barely a whisper, but the words come across clearly. Before I can ask her what she meant, she too is gone, leaving me alone with the storm.
No, not alone.
There’s something in the storm… a figure standing at its apex, partially obscured by the roiling thunderclouds. Even here, a hundred feet away, I can feel his power coursing through the storm. For a brief instant, our eyes meet, and I feel my blood run cold. I was wrong. I was so wrong… 
He isn’t controlling the storm…
He is the storm.
*
Opening his eyes, it took Barsch several minutes to remember where he was. The sounds of the thundering storm had been replaced by utter silence, and the view of the surrounding mountains had become a wall of darkness. For a while, he assumed that it was still night, but his fully rested body told him that it was well past dawn. 
As his eyes adjusted, two more things became apparent. Firstly, the entrance to the cave had seemingly disappeared, resulting in the aforementioned darkness. Secondly, and rather more worryingly, Alza had vanished once more, without even a word or message to mark their parting.
“Kingston! Please wake up, I need your help!” he shouted, as he tried to rouse the heavy sleeper. The old man eventually awoke, mumbling curses that Barsch thankfully could not understand. Kingston took one look at the blocked entrance and swore, before reaching for his pack and opening it. 
As he rummaged through its contents, he said, “Looks like the snow blocked up the entrance, but I’ve got just the thing to get us out of here!” 
Barsch’s eyes had finally adjusted to the darkness, allowing him to roughly make out what Kingston had retrieved. It appeared to be a foot-long piece of metal pipe, with several small grooves adorning each side.
“What is it?” Barsch asked, curious.
“This m’boy is a Solar Staff. It’s a weapon that was used by foot soldiers during the South Wars. It’s made of a material similar to that of solar panels, allowing it to store sunlight as energy and release it in focused energy fields.”
Kingston then pressed his thumb into one of the grooves, and, after a small click, the cylinder began to expand from both ends, metal sliding out from recessed grooves around the circular points. Before he had time to comprehend what was happening, there was a six-foot long staff in Kingston’s hand, with no trace of joinery or divisions. It seemed to hum with a gentle resonance, the metal gleaming as if it was bathed in sunlight.
“The theory was that all guns eventually ran out of ammo, and swords and the like are only good for close combat, but this thing would continue working as long as the sun was shining. Here, watch what happens when I use ten percent of its capacity.” 
With a small grunt of exertion, Kingston drove one end of the staff into the close-packed snow. Bracing himself against the cave wall, he leaned forward and pressed another recessed groove.
What happened next was almost too fast to follow, but Barsch caught a glimpse of a ribbon of light erupting from the staff, which vaporised everything in its path. A heartbeat later, light flooded the small cave, blinding Barsch once more and causing him to borrow one of Kingston’s earlier swearwords. 
“Ah… sorry about that m’boy. I had it set to one hundred percent instead of ten. My bad…” Barsch ignored the old man’s apology, focusing instead of regaining his vision as quickly as possible. Still blinking furiously, he crawled out of the cave, glad to be free of it. 
When he could finally see again, he was struck with how much the landscape had changed. Laid out before him was a panorama of beauty, from the snow-capped mountains to the forests and fields, everything spoke of peace and tranquillity. 
“It’s beautiful…” he whispered.
“Indeed.” Kingston emerged from the cave still holding the Solar Staff, apparently intent on using it as a makeshift crutch. His foot did not seem too badly injured, but it was clear that he was taking no more risks with his safety. 
“Wait, what about Alza? She was gone when I woke up…” 
“Don’t worry about her m’boy, I have a feeling that she can take care of herself.”
“True. I guess we’ll meet her on the path.” 
After grabbing the rest of their things, they left the small cave. It had been an eventful night, and the calm they now saw made for a strange contrast. With the skies now clear, they were able to see that they had actually stopped just before reaching the peak. When they reached the high-point, they found a familiar face waiting for them.
“Alza! Where have you been?” called Barsch, as they grew closer. Alza was sitting on a snow-covered boulder, apparently impervious to the chill in the air. She was facing the east slope, which the rising sun had blanketed in light. In the distance lay a dark-blue sea, stretching as far as the eye could see, with a coast of yellow and green. A series of low hills lay to the north, while the mountains continued in the south.
“I was trying to find out how far it was to the summit, but by the time I returned, the snow had concealed the cave entrance. So I decided to return here and wait for you.”
“And what if we had died in there?” asked Kingston.
Alza gave no response, instead stepping down from the boulder and gathering her things. Without saying another word, they started climbing down the mountain. Thankfully, the east slope was less steep, and they quickly left the snowline behind. Around them, small shrubs and thin trees began to appear, as the hard stone gave way to dusty soil. Barsch was still taken aback by how quickly the landscape had changed, but Kingston and Alza did not appear to even notice. 
The old hermit was still walking with a limp, but he was gaining speed with every step, while Alza had regained her quick pace and was soon taking the lead. Despite everything that had happened the day before, Barsch once more felt like the odd one out. Without the storm to harry him or the mysterious font of willpower to strengthen him, he was back to being the weakest member in the group. 
*
A few hours later, they reached the base of the mountain. The foliage had once again changed, now consisting of large palm trees and berry-laden bushes, all resting on a swathe of green grass. A gentle breeze from the ocean brought a slight chill, but after the frozen winds atop the mountain it felt amazing by comparison. There was little left to talk about, so they spent the better part of the morning travelling in an awkward silence. As they walked the temperate began to climb, which allowed them to shed their heavy clothing and stow it in their packs. Despite the unease in the air, everyone began to visibly relax, and a small smile settled on Kingston’s haggard face. 
They were walking along a beach when the old man suddenly collapsed into a coughing fit. Immediately, Barsch raced to his side, while Alza watched from a distance, an impassive expression on her face. Once the fit had subsided, Barsch helped Kingston limp over to a nearby rock, and told him to rest for a while. Even to Barsch’s untrained eyes, it was clear that the hermit’s condition was worsening. Kingston had said that he could survive without the medication for days, but the storm must have taken a lot out of him. If he didn’t receive proper treatment soon…
“Kingston, I’m going to scout ahead. I’ll be back soon.” 
Barsch knew that it wasn’t right to leave an old man, much less a friend, in that condition, but his guilt over wasting Kingston’s medicine was growing worse by the minute. He needed to escape, even if only for a moment. 
He left Alza with Kingston, reasoning that if anything dangerous appeared, it was no match for their combined strength. He walked along the seaside, listening to the gently lapping waves while his eyes scanned every inch of his surroundings. He soon saw something that merited his full attention: a set of large, metal pipes emerging from the water, which snaked along the sand heading inland. 
The water within was most likely used by the clinic, as relying on the infrequent rainfall or hard-to-get bottled water was out of the question. Given the location of the pipes, the clinic could not be more than a few miles away, which meant that Kingston could have his medicine before nightfall. Barsch quickly noted the direction of the pipes, before turning around and running back to where he had left the old man. 
*
“Don’t worry Kingston, we’ll be there soon. Once you have your medicine… everything will be fine…” 
The half-conscious hermit gave a small nod in response, which did nothing for Barsch’s confidence. By the time he had returned to Alza, the old man’s condition had grown dire. Kingston had begun to slip in and out of consciousness, and was continuously mumbling something unintelligible under his breath. Barsch only understood bits and pieces, but one word, “promise”, was repeated over and over. 
After reaching the location of the pipes, they turned inland, soon reaching a small forest. Kingston had managed to recover some of his lucidity, but he still continued to lean on his staff for support. His cough, meanwhile, had only grown worse, and more than once they had been forced to stop and wait for him to recover. 
Around midday, the sounds of the forest were interrupted by something that was undoubtedly non-organic in nature: the mechanical hum of a generator. The sound seemed to originate from the north, and grew more intense as they neared its source. After brushing aside a particularly obstinate branch, the end of their journey came into view.
The building sat low to the ground, with an acid-resistant sloped roof and reinforced concrete walls. A small window, most likely made of blast-proof glass, allowed them to see an interior consisting of beds and medical machines. Engraved into a metal plate hanging beside the window were the words, “MEDICAL STATION PROXA 09”. To Barsch, it was something of an anti-climax, seeing as such a plain building was the key to Kingston’s salvation.  
“Barsch, do you know why this building exists?” Kingston’s voice cut through Barsch’s thoughts, bringing him back into the present. The old man had managed to regain his strength upon seeing the medical station, and was now staring into the single window.
“Not really… Isn’t it kind of remote for a medical station? I mean, the nearest city is miles away…”
“True, but this place was not built for civilians. During the South Wars, fights could break out anywhere, at any time. To counter this, countries built hundreds of hidden bunkers where they could hide weaponry, medicine and factories. After the wars ended, most of them were forgotten or destroyed, but this one managed to survive. I was fortunate enough to have access to the Station database and memorised its location shortly before I was exiled.”
“So that’s how you knew there was a Station here? But what if they don’t have the medicine you need?”
Kingston started moving towards the other side of the building, cautiously peering around each corner before continuing. “The medicine I need is actually a combination of several other drugs, which individually are quite common. In my case, I was even able to use some local plants as substitutes, but they take several months to grow so I generally use them to complement the main ingredients. Hopefully this place hasn’t been ransacked by travellers or bandits…”
Finally, they made it to the entrance, although Kingston was still looking nervous. 
“We’re the only conscious humans on the planet, and we’re in one of the most remote places imaginable… what could possibly pose a threat to us? But if even Kingston is worried…”
“Kingston, what are you going to do after this? I mean, after we find your medicine…”
“Well, I guess we’ll head back to my hut. Although I think we’ll take the long route next time. I’ve think I’ve had enough excitement in these last few days to keep me content for the rest of my life. And after that, I guess we’ll have to see about getting you into Genesis Station 13 somehow. Alza will also have to decide whether she wants to go with you or stay with… me.” 
From the look on Kingston’s gaunt face, the latter option was one he would rather avoid, although Barsch could not see why. Alza might have been a bit strange, but she was still human, and anyone would be a bit shy if they were forced to travel with two strangers…
“Don’t worry m’boy! We still have plenty of time before all that. You don’t have to worry about the future all the time, you should spare some thought for the present.” Kingston was right; there were more important things at hand. His decision could wait…
Their conversation over, the duo returned to inspecting the station’s entrance. At first glance, it seemed to be a solid sheet of dark grey metal, but on closer inspection they found a thin seam in the material. Like the rest of the building, it had obviously been built to withstand anything short of a nuclear blast, possibly even including one. 
Only two other things stood out about the entrance. Firstly, there was a strange heap of metal beside the door, with several cords running from it to the wall. Secondly, there was a small console on the wall, its screen obscured by a thick layer of dust. Kingston wiped away most of it away with a tattered sleeve, before tentatively pressing a few of the keys. 
After a short pause, the console suddenly sprang to life in a series of beeps and clicks. The blank screen was immediately replaced with a rudimentary user interface that displayed several options in glowing blue text. Before Kingston could enter anything, an artificial voice called out from a hidden speaker.
“Warning, this is a restricted building. By U.N.O.E code 9225-c, all non-authorised personnel must leave the premise within sixty seconds or face forced removal. This is for your own safety. Please enter your authorisation code now, you have sixty seconds. If you have forgotten your authorisation code, please leave a message with the local U.N.O.E embassy. Thank you for your time, and have a nice day… This message will repeat once more… Warning, this is a restricted-
Kingston pressed a button on the console’s side, muting the voice. “I was afraid of something like this…” he muttered, staring at the console.
“Something like what?” Barsch asked, “It’s not like it can stop us from actually entering, right? I mean, I doubt a place like this would have automated defences…”
The sight of the cannons appearing outside Genesis Station 13 was still too fresh in his mind for Barsch to discount the idea completely, but he doubted that a clinic would be outfitted with such weaponry.
“No, it’s not that. I had heard rumours of governments placing guardians outside high-value buildings, but I never thought that we would be unlucky enough to encounter one. Anyway, we need to leave before the countdown ends.”
“But why?” Barsch said, hesitantly walking after Kingston. Alza still stood by the entrance, looking almost bored with what was happening. “Who is the guardian?”
“Not who, Barsch, what.”
“I still don’t understand, what is going to-
“Three, two, one, zero. Time limit expired. Recognising that the intruders have not vacated the area. Switching to anti-intrusion mode. Deactivating all lethal combat measures… error, system corruption detected… deactivating all… non-lethal combat measures… deactivation successful. Sending activation code to re-mech number SEC-97, call-sign Erebus. Activating in three, two, one-
A sudden movement at the edge of Barsch’s vision made him turn towards what he had previously thought to be a pile of scrap metal, which was now expanding and rotating, like a contortionist going in reverse. A humanoid figure began to form, with long arms, a broad chest, and yellow, glowing eyes. It had a black body, with silver lines forming an intricate pattern that looked like some sort of emblem. 
Once assembled, it was clear that it was massive, easily topping out at nine feet tall and three feet wide, with fists that looked like they could punch through solid steel, a perception that was probably true. Despite its width, it had a slim frame, a perfect balance between stability and mobility; however, it had an imposing presence, and Barsch could not help but feel insignificant whilst standing before it. 
Barsch had seen a few re-mechs before the Great Sleep, but never one that looked like this. He had always encountered the home models which were roughly human-sized and designed to give off an air of polite servitude. Growing up, he had always relegated them to the same status as furniture, albeit furniture that weighed several tonnes and could speak. They had always been polite to him, asking if he needed anything, if he was comfortable: truly, helpfulness incarnate. 
But this thing... this giant, elicited feelings of humility from Barsch; as if he angered this metal god it could crush him with one gigantic hand.
The re-mech spoke then, in a deep, artificial tone, “Attention, intruders, you are trespassing on U.N.O.E property and have failed to leave within the allotted time. I have been ordered to remove you from the premises, using whatever force I deem necessary. I will give you one final chance: leave, or suffer the consequences of your disobedience.”
“Wait!” Barsch cried, standing between Kingston and the steel-plated monster, “We only came here to find some medicine! Please, my friend is very sick, and he will die without it!”
“I’m sorry, but my orders are absolute. If you are in need of medical attention, please make your way to the nearest public hospital. If you still intend on entering this facility, I will be forced to act.”
“Please! We don’t need to enter, we just need some medicine! That’s all we want, I promise!” Panic was already beginning to seep into Barsch’s voice, and his knees felt like they could buckle at any moment. Kingston didn’t have time to go looking for a hospital, not when the medicine they needed lay only a few feet away.  If he had to, he would fight, although he had no idea how someone could take down a machine built solely for combat.
“You have failed to comply with my instructions. Very well, I will use non-lethal force to dispose of you. Please stand still and do not speak, this will only take a second.” 
The re-mech took a heavy step towards Barsch, who was looking less and less confident by the second. 
“Error. Error. Non-lethal weaponry is not available. Data corruption logged in database. Accessing back-up directives… switching to lethal weaponry… error… this action may result in human casualties… error… safety mode disengaged… combat stance engaged. Equipping Mark VII Anti-personnel weapons… Chainsword and Sonic Cannon equipped. Priming firing sequence for ten seconds.” 
With a complicated motion, the re-mech snapped its arm back and rotated it, whilst reaching into a hidden compartment with its other hand. The thing it brought out looked like a nightmarish cross between a broadsword and a chainsaw, with serrated teeth attached to the blade on each side. The small engine which sat above the hilt began to emit a mechanical whirr, like a car revving up. The sharpened teeth, originating from the engine block, began to rotate around the blade in a clockwise motion, gradually building up speed until it became a black blur. A harsh sound accompanied every rev, as if a lion had roared through a loud speaker. 
The blade had been painted black, with pulsing lines of blue light forming a mesmerizing pattern across the surface. The four foot long blade would be more than enough to cut him in two, which made Barsch even more fearful of what its other arm was doing.
While his attention had been on the roaring blade, the re-mech had reformed its arm, with one major difference: a fist-sized hole had formed from its wrist. The hole was octagonal, and Barsch watched as two pipes from above the re-mech’s shoulder slid out and began snaking their way down to its wrist. Moments later, a greenish fluid began to flow through the pipes, and an eerie glow appeared from within the barrel. 
“Kingston, what is that?” whispered Barsch, in a vain attempt to escape the behemoth’s notice.
It was then that Barsch saw the look on Kingston’s face: utter resignation. The old man had yet to move an inch, and he wore a small, unsettling smile on his face. “That m’boy is called a Sonic Cannon. They used them to excavate tunnels before the pollution became a problem. If that thing hits us, there won’t even be ash left…”
“Oh…” 
What else was there to say? When they had faced the storm, there had been something inside him that had kept him going, but at that moment, he felt nothing but fear. He couldn’t move, and Kingston was sick. There was nothing either of them could do…
The re-mech, finished with its preparations, now turned to face them. The hand holding the blade rose gracefully, until the tip was pointing to the sky. From its stance, Barsch could tell that it was aiming at Kingston; most likely it had judged him to possess the least threat. As the blade began to fall, time slowed, giving Barsch enough time to realise what must be done. 
He leapt towards Kingston, shoving him aside just as the blade came down. He felt the roaring teeth lightly brush his shirt, and his mind went blank, the thought of how close he had come to death consuming him. As he landed on the hard ground, time returned, just as the re-mech took a step forward in preparation for its next attack.
This time, the blade was coming for him, its spinning teeth seemingly eager to lap at his blood. Whatever luck had saved him the first time was gone. And in the end, Kingston would still die. He had failed. There was nothing left but to close his eyes… 
“ALZA!”
The though burst into his mind, as if his soul had screamed for her. In an instant, she was there, beside him, with an arm outstretched towards the falling blade. 
 Barsch tried to tell her to move, but his words died in his throat when he saw her face. Her eyes were shining from within, as if a supernova had just taken place inside her mind. Barsch turned towards the re-mech and was, for the second time in so many minutes, rendered speechless. The re-mech’s blade had stopped falling. 
Looking closer, Barsch could see that not only had the chainsword stopped falling, its ravenous teeth had been frozen in place, along with the rest of the re-mech’s massive body. If he had not seen it awaken, he would have sworn that it was a statue or sculpture. The re-mech did not have a human face, but somehow it managed to convey a single, overriding emotion through its digital eyes: fear. Barsch thought that it was impossible that he would ever feel pity for something that had only moments ago tried to kill him, but that was what he felt now. 
Alza, apparently, had no such feelings.
She took a step forward, her eyes burning ever brighter. The violet supernovas almost seemed to pulse with every breath, like a supernatural metronome. When she raised her outstretched hand, the re-mech began to rise from the ground. It continued to rise as she walked forward, her palm facing the panicking re-mech’s chest. Barsch could only watch in silence, as the immutable law of gravity was destroyed by a fifteen year old girl.  
Without a single word of warning, Alza suddenly thrust her outstretched hand to the right, pointing in the direction of the tree line. Almost immediately, the mysterious force holding the re-mech responded, hurling its captive at the trees faster than Barsch could follow. The re-mech blurred from the sudden acceleration, and the last thing Barsch saw was the panic in its eyes, before it was thrown a hundred feet in two seconds. 
The sound of metal hitting wood came first, followed by a thunderous roar as tree after tree fell to the earth. Then came a dull thud, as if something incredibly heavy had finally hit solid earth. Finally, a strained silence descended, as if the whole world was holding its breath, waiting to see what would happen next. 
The entire ordeal had only taken a few seconds, but it felt like it had lasted a lifetime. Alza, meanwhile, had lowered her arm. Barsch unconsciously looked away from it, as one would avoid looking into the barrel of a loaded gun. However, this brought his vision to the treeline, or what was left of it. The unfortunate re-mech had taken down a dozen trees, leaving great shards of wood scattered across the grass. To Barsch, they looked like tombstones, made by Mother Nature for a child that was not her own. 
Wincing, he turned his back on the devastation, and focused on Kingston’s immobile frame. The old man was still on the ground, several feet from Alza. Unlike Barsch’s wide-eyed stare and open mouth, the hermit had a nonchalant expression on his face, as if a teenage girl defeating a nine-foot titan was just another daily occurrence.
Despite his calm demeanour, Barsch still saw him flinch slightly as Alza stepped past him, on her way to the Station’s door. However, only a few steps from the entrance, she suddenly stopped. She looked towards Barsch with her normal -non-shining- eyes, opened her mouth, and collapsed. 
“Alza!” Barsch cried, somewhat unintentionally. Apparently his legs had decided to start working again, and he managed to catch her seconds before she hit the floor. 
“Kingston? What do we do?” he asked, hoping that the old man would be able to make sense of what had just happened.
“Bring her inside. She doesn’t look injured, but if something is wrong, we can use what’s inside to help her.” 
Barsch followed Kingston to the door, where the old man set to work on hacking the control panel. Less than two minutes later, the heavy bulkheads slid open. Inside, they found a reception counter, along with several military cots and padlocked cabinets. He laid their unconscious companion down on the nearest bed, checked her pulse, and covered her with a nearby blanket. 
“I’ll be right back… I need to see… it.” 
Kingston left the room, Solar Staff now extended and in hand, and headed towards the fallen re-mech. In the meantime, Barsch found the main circuit board and switched on the lights and carbon monoxide scrubbers. After pouring himself a glass of slightly acidic water, he collapsed into a plastic chair, and thought about how everything had gone so wrong. 
Kingston entered a few minutes later, cradling something in his arms. “I haven’t seen destruction like that in a very long time. Almost reminds me of the time our squadron’s combat re-mech got caught in a proximity mine… I’m sorry, Erebus. I’m sorry that it had to come to this…” 
With that, Kingston placed the items in his hands on the table. Amongst the various pieces of broken metal, a single part stood out to Barsch. Picking it up, he read the black lettering engraved on the surface of the fist-sized, spherical object.
“A.I. Core Module SEC-97, call-sign: Erebus.” A large crack extended from the top of the device to the equator, running vertically through the word “Erebus.” As Barsch watched, the module broke apart in his hands, leaving him with two equal halves.
“She even destroyed the A.I… Kingston, what was that? What is she?”
“I don’t know m’boy… If we want answers, we will have to wait for her to wake up. But in the meantime, I am going to look for the medicine. I suggest that you get some sleep, it’s been a… long day…” 
Barsch could tell that Kingston was just as uneasy as he was, but Kingston’s wellbeing came first. When Alza awoke, they would learn the truth, whether she was willing to tell it or not.
*
An hour later, Barsch was roused from his fitful sleep by Kingston’s voice. When he had last seen him, the old man had begun systematically going through the Station’s cupboards, a determined expression on his face. That expression had now been replaced by one filled with anger.
“It’s not here!” Kingston shouted, slamming a cupboard door shut. 
Throwing his light blanket off, Barsch stood and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
“I’m missing one of the medicines! Without it, the mixture is useless!”
“Calm down, I’ll help you look. What’s the name of the drug?” 
As Barsch rubbed the sleep from his eyes, he could see that Kingston had turned the Station upside down while searching for the medication. Cupboard doors hung open, and stacks of invoices lay scattered across the room. 
“Methotrexate, it should be in a white bottle with a blue lid.” 
They spent the next two hours carefully combing through the Station’s stores, going through the inventory lists and searching for hidden containers with no success. The only clue they managed to find was an invoice for the medication, which detailed an order for three cases made out to ‘C.C Pharmacy’.
“C.C? Any idea what it stands for?” Barsch said, as he and Kingston rested in the uncomfortable plastic chairs. Outside, the sun had finally made it to the horizon, casting a crimson shadow on the room.
“Hmmm, given our current location, I would guess that it stands for Carçus City. It’s further up north, about a day’s journey, but it’s a dangerous place. I would rather avoid it altogether, if there was any other medical station within a hundred miles we could go to.”
“Kingston-
“I know what you’re going to say boy, but I’m not foolish enough to turn around after coming so far. If you are still willing to travel with me, we’ll head to Carçus City in the morning. And if we don’t find the medicine there, then I’m taking you back to Genesis Station, agreed?”
Barsch knew that if they couldn’t find the medicine in the city, then Kingston would probably not survive the month, but he agreed all the same. Even if he didn’t hold up his end of the bargain, he needed to show Kingston that he would follow him. 
“What about Alza? You saw what she did…”
Kingston leant back in his chair, closing his eyes. It was then that Barsch saw just how weary the old man had become, and how much of his strength the journey had taken from him. This was a man who had seen almost everything, a man who was tired of trying to make sense of the world. A man who was almost ready to give up completely…
“Lad, I’ve witnessed a lot of things that I can’t explain, and been in more strange situations than I can remember, but that girl is something else entirely… For the moment, I don’t think she poses a threat to us, but remember one thing: she’s dangerous. Until I can absolutely guarantee that we won’t end up like that poor re-mech, I’ll be keeping a watchful eye on her. And if I decide that she’s an enemy, then I will do whatever it takes to keep you safe. Remember that, Barsch La Tergan…” 
For a moment, Kingston’s face changed, going from kindly old man to merciless soldier. An instant later, his past faded from his features, and the compassionate hermit was back.
“Now, I think it’s time we turned in. We will need all our strength for whatever Carçus has in store for us. So, sleep well…” 
Leaving Kingston to his dreams, Barsch stood and walked back to his bed, passing Alza, who had yet to awaken. A few days ago, he had thought of her as a beautiful, but somewhat cold young woman. Now, she was something to be feared. But, looking at her sleeping face, Barsch found that his feelings about Alza had not changed. Even if she could disable a re-mech without touching it, she was still a young woman who had forgotten her past, and he would protect her, no matter what.
Before he climbed onto the hard mattress, he fetched another glass of filtered water, along with a few preserved fruit bars they had found during their search. Laying them on the small table beside her, he slipped under the scratchy covers. The last image he had was of her peaceful face, which he now knew hid untold secrets… secrets that could help them, or destroy them all…
*
“Again.”
 I am in the pod. I am peaceful. I am whole. There is nothing to disturb me, nothing to frighten me. As I watch, a female figure emerges from the void. She is wearing a plain, ankle-length white dress which complements her billowing ivory hair. She lifts up her head, two shining violet eyes peering out from under a platinum curtain.
As she takes a step towards the pod, uncontrolled fear blooms in my mind. Every cell in my body wants me to escape, to flee from this… thing, but the glass still holds me prisoner. She raises an ivory arm, a small, intertwined bangle the only adornment. Suddenly, the glass that has been both a prison and a shield shatters, sending hundreds of sparkling shards into the void. 
I feel my body start to rise into the air, against my will. I want to scream but the overpowering fear renders me speechless. I float in the air, a slave to her will.  She is looking at me, crimson tears pouring down her porcelain face. A sense of déjà vu overwhelms me as I look at her tear-streaked face. Has this happened before? If I could just remember… maybe I could find a way to escape… 
Finally, I find my voice, and begin calling out to the stranger standing beneath me. She looks at me with apathy, and lifts me higher. My fear worsens as I ascend into the darkness. She has become a distant speck, far below. Somehow, I can still see her face clearly… her burning eyes locked on to mine. How far have I risen? A mile? More? 
A fear of heights I never knew I had kicks in and my legs begin to tremble, wishing that they had solid ground beneath them once more. I look down in time to see her eyes abruptly stop shining, her upraised arm falling to its side. Somehow, in my mind, I know that whatever held me up is gone. Without her interference, gravity quickly regains its dominance, and I feel my body bend knee to its will. 
With no air left in my lungs to form a scream of terror, I fall in silence, the rushing air my only companion. The force of the gale batters my eyes and sends a bolt of pain throughout my helpless frame. The ground is getting closer by the second, and I’m still accelerating… faster and faster, until darkness begins to creep into my vision. 
She’s still there, waiting for me beside my broken pod. The hard floor is right below me, calling out to me like the mother I never had. There’s no use fighting it… 
She is a God, and I am her sacrifice…
A hundred feet from the ground, I close my eyes. My body has reached its terminal velocity, just as I have reached my termination. The fear, the hopelessness, the terror… everything is gone now. Only death remains, and I welcome it with open eyes.
The moment before I hit the floor, I hear her voice inside my mind.
“Again.”


Chapter V: Friendly Giant
In which life becomes complicated...

That morning, Barsch awoke with a scream, a habit which was quickly becoming an annoyance. Whatever nightmare had been tormenting him was already fading, but the deep sense of dread remained, settling in his heart as if it meant to stay forever. 
Turning on his side, his gaze drifted over to Alza’s bed, which was now empty. The food he had left for her was gone, along with her pack, but Barsch told himself that she was probably waiting for him outside. Despite this reassuring thought, however, the dread in his heart began to swell. 
“Kingston! Are you here?” he called, gathering his things and moving towards the door. Someone had tidied the Station while he slept, and there were almost no signs that anything had ever been disturbed, aside from a handful of missing medicine bottles. 
“Alza? Where are you?” 
Again, silence was the only response. With one final look back, he left the Station, where Kingston’s hope had died and been reborn. 
Outside, the sun was still cradling the eastern horizon. With the new day’s light, Barsch was able to fully appreciate just how much devastation they had caused the night before. A long furrow in the grass marked where Erebus’ blade had just barely missed cutting Barsch in two, and the sudden disappearance of the re-mech’s large footprints pointed out the beginning of its own end. The broken tree-line was still there, although Barsch was now able to trace the re-mech’s exact path through the woods. 
Acting on a whim, he drew nearer to the re-mech’s tomb, noting the thousands of metal and wood shards which now littered the forest floor. There, lying in the remnants of a great oak was the fallen guardian. Barsch turned away from it, unwilling to expose his mind to such a sight for any longer than necessary. He still had trouble accepting that Alza had been the cause of everything he now saw. But he could no doubt what he had seen with his own eyes, no more could he force himself to treat Alza as he had before. Even if her actions had a reasonable and logical background, he knew that he would never again see her as an innocent and frail observer. 
As he turned his head, he caught a glimpse of something shimmering in the distance. Walking towards it, he saw that it was the re-mech’s chainsword, now embedded halfway into a birch tree. 
He was about to turn around and head back to the Station when an errant thought stopped him. 
“Take it, and gain the power you crave…”
 The voice in his head was not his own, and yet it felt impossibly familiar. 
“I suppose it could be useful… I mean, with everything that’s happened, it couldn’t hurt to have a way to defend myself, right?” 
While his mind set about justifying his theft of the weapon, his feet slowly carried him forward, towards the gleaming blade. Despite its recent trauma, the weapon looked like it was in perfect condition, which was a far cry from its master. 
“You destroyed its owner, it is yours now, by right of conquest!”
 Again, the disquieting voice spoke, giving an opinion that he did not have. If anyone had claim to the blade, it was Alza, or even Kingston, but they were nowhere to be found, and the world was full of danger. 
“Take it, and make it your own! Its voice will become your scream, and its rage will become your power! Take it, and set free the Beast which lives within!” 
A sudden cold sensation on his palm made him look up. Without noticing, he had reached out and grasped the weapon’s hilt. It was a smooth metal cylinder, with laser-etched grooves for grip. It ran into the small engine block, which was mostly obscured by a black moulded covering that joined the hilt and blade, replacing the cross-guard. Emerging from the engine were two small exhausts, exiting at an angle away from the blade. The only other adornment was a thin, leathery ripcord which emerged from a tiny hole at the base of the engine. A small, red button was situated on the underside of the engine block, with the words “KILL-SWITCH” imprinted in tiny lettering. Lastly, a compact dial was located on the right side of the block, labelled from “I” to “V”, which Barsch guessed had something to do with changing gear speeds.
“Take it, and show the world your fury! Take it, and lose yourself to the violence!” 
The voice in his head was screaming now, but it did not disturb him as it should have. It was a part of him… a part he had locked away a long time ago, now reborn again at the sight of the beautiful blade. Placing his other hand on the hilt, he heaved, and the blade slid out in one smooth movement. “I guess this makes me a modern day Arthur, huh?” he thought, as he admired the rest of the sword. 
It was lighter than he had judged, weighing only a little more than Kingston’s knife. He wondered what miracles of engineering had gone into making such a vile thing. Looking closer, he could make out the circuit board pattern to the lines etched into the black metal, which had been ablaze with blue light when he had seen it last. He placed a hand on the cold surface, and for an instant, he fancied that he could feel the repressed roar of the blade. Whoever had made this had imbued it with enough violence to last several lifetimes. 
As he hefted the weapon, another impulse overcame him, and he suddenly stepped forward and swung. The silent blade moved as he wished, and a second later a long, thin gash appeared on the broken bark. 
“Not bad, but I’ve seen you do better,” he said, not realising that the words in his mind had been made real. Reaching down, he grabbed hold of the ripcord, and after three sharp tugs, the engine roared to life. Immediately, dozens of thin, hooked teeth appeared along the edges of the blade, -apparently from a thin slit running the length of the blade- extending about an inch away from the sword’s borders. The sound of the engine grew in resonance with the speed of the rotating teeth, and both reached their maximums in a cacophony of screaming air. 
Once again, he brought his arm up and around, while the sword obeyed its new master and dove towards the scarred wood. When churning metal met battered bark, metal won. When Barsch looked up a heartbeat later, the tree was simply… gone. A few feet away lay a cooling mess of splintered wood and burning leaves, the only remnant of his target.  
 From that moment on, the sword belonged to him. 
“And you belong to me…” whispered the voice, which had calmed the moment he picked up the blade. 
The only thing left to do was give it a name, and as he stared in wonder at the powerful weapon in his hands, a memory crept into his mind. 
“Lanista: The Instigator of Violence” he announced, sensing approval from the voice in his mind. The name came from a book he had found in Kingston’s study, titled “Famous Blades: A Retrospective look at World Defining Weapons”. The book had spoken of an ancient sword that had been cursed to instil violent thoughts into all who wielded it, and, looking at the roaring blade in his hands, he could think of no better namesake. 
Smiling to himself, he pressed the kill-switch, muting the furious blade. He had gained a weapon, but he had lost two companions, and it was time to find them…
*
He left the forest, heading north, and quickly spotted Kingston’s silhouette in the distance. The hermit had climbed to the top of a steep hill, and had his back turned towards Barsch. From this distance, he looked strong and healthy, but Barsch knew that that was an illusion. 
Although he had not intended to sneak up on his friend, Kingston nevertheless jumped when Barsch suddenly appeared by his side. The old man had been focused on something in the distance, but Barsch could not see anything of importance on the horizon. They were standing on a large embankment, which divided into two paths as it wound its way north. The upper path rose quickly, becoming a series of slopes and valleys dotted with thorny shrubs. The lower path was rockier, and hugged the cliffside as the land drew away from the ocean.
“Ah, Barsch, good morning! Did you sleep well?” Kingston was using a jubilant tone, which Barsch knew was for his own peace of mind.
“Yeah… um, Kingston… do you know where Alza is?” If Kingston was going to hide his real emotions, then Barsch would play along, for his sake.
“It seems that she left us sometime in the night, taking half of our supplies with her,” Kingston paused for a moment and pointed to a barely visible line of disturbed grass coming from the forest. “That’s actually what I’m out here for. I was trying to track her footprints, but this was as far as I got. I was just about to come find you…” 
Barsch saw Kingston’s eyes narrow as he spotted Lanista, which had been secured to his pack using a few of the spare clasps. 
“I thought that it might be safer, you know, if I had something to defend myself with.” There was no need to mention the mysterious voice to Kingston. The old man had enough things to worry about without Barsch adding more.
“Ah, I see. Good thinking.” 
“Thanks.” 
He joined Kingston in surveying the path, wondering which route the old man would choose. The upper path would be more physically challenging, and Barsch doubted that he would be able to keep a good pace through the hills. 
Sure enough, Kingston began walking down the slope, motioning for Barsch to follow him. A few minutes later, the rising cliffs had blocked their view of the forest, leaving only the frothy ocean below. At first they walked in silence, but soon Barsch’s youthfulness reappeared, and he started asking question after question. Kingston, in turn, seemed happy to have the youth’s full attention once more, and he regaled him with stories of the Quantum Age.  Barsch listened in amazement as Kingston spoke about a world he had never known. He had been born after the South Wars had already decimated the world, leaving only ruins for the next generation to explore. 
Kingston was well versed on dozens of topics, from philosophy to astrophysics, and Barsch was once again struck by just how much he did not know about the man he travelled with. Soldier, scientist, exile and friend… what else lay beneath Kingston’s kindly exterior? 
That day, Barsch learnt more about P-Branes, gravity manipulation, accelerated healing and parallel universes than he ever thought possible, and something told him that he had only received a tiny percentage of Kingston’s vast knowledge. He heard about Sage Iager, a man considered by the scientific world to be a babbling fool; and the religious world as the greatest prophet to ever exist. He learnt details about great scientists like Professor Erigor Von Carthage and Professor Valmann that most journalists would kill for. 
However, this barrage of information was not a simple one-sided lecture. Barsch, in turn, spoke of his childhood, and the hardships he had experienced. He told Kingston about the frequent evacuations, the uncertainty, and the friends he had lost. It was clear that their lives had been very different, but they had both lived through the end of the world, though from different sides. 
As they spoke, the landscape gradually began to change. The cliffside path, once wide enough for both to walk abreast, soon narrowed to an uncomfortable width. The calm sea became enraged, sending up swells to buffet them and cold sprays to soak them. If he had been alone, Barsch was sure that he would have been miserable, but with Kingston at his side, he was actually enjoying himself.
*
After several hours of tedious walking, they finally came to a stop. Or rather, they were forced to stop by the new obstacle in their path. By some miraculous combination of events, life had managed to bloom along the dusty trail. Ordinarily, this would be a cause for celebration, but in this case, life had taken the form of a large, gnarled tree which had somehow managed to find purchase in the barren ground and grow from one side of the path to the other. When it met the cliff’s edge, it had merely changed angles and continued for several feet over the abyss. Climbing over it was impossible, and neither Kingston nor Barsch had the time or the energy to turn around and head back. Similarly, the sheer vertical wall to their left was not an option, leaving forward the only direction which remained.
 Unfortunately, the tree had consumed the majority of the path, leaving a tiny strip of land on the cliff edge which they could hang from and shimmy around to the other side. It would not be an easy climb, but if they moved slowly and carefully, they could make it through without incident. After much protesting, Kingston agreed to let Barsch go first, on the reasoning that if anything happened, the younger man would be less at risk. 
Barsch approached the tree cautiously, testing the root marred ground before placing his full weight on it. The trunk was old and withered, which meant that the tree had probably spent many years on the exposed rock-face, and what could two men do to change that? 
With Kingston’s firm hand on his back -ready to pull him up in a moment’s notice- he lowered his body over the edge of the path. Far below him, the calamitous sea pounded against the jagged rocks, adding a natural soundtrack to the insane situation he had found himself in. Hanging over the drop, he could only see the greyish-brown rock that lay a few inches from his face. The granite span had become his world, as the only other sensation he had access to was the strain in his arms as his muscles took his weight. After only a few seconds of hanging on, his fingers were already growing uncomfortably numb, and he had started cursing his terrible luck. 
“Are you okay, m’boy?” cried Kingston, from somewhere above him. 
“I’m fine, I’ll see you in a minute!” he grunted. Reaching out, his right hand found a hopefully sturdy branch, and he used it to inch himself along the precipice. In this laborious manner he moved across the rock-face, placing hand over hand, carefully yet steadily making his way to the other side. They had estimated the trunk to be about five feet across, but with the tree now hidden from his view, it seemed much larger.
Pain soon blossomed in each and every joint he had, and more than once he had to rest while propping his legs on a piece of protruding rock. Barsch was not unfit, but there had been little time for fitness before the Great Sleep, and his father had always sought to train his son’s mind over his body. If he made it through without falling, he resolved to become stronger. 
*
After several agonizing minutes, Barsch’s voice was heard from beyond the trunk. 
“Kingston! Can you hear me? I made it across without any problems, so come when you’re ready!” 
Still facing the dying wood, Kingston let out a breath that he hadn’t realised he’d been holding. He knew that he should have gone first, but Barsch had been insistent, and dissuading the youth would have taken time and energy that Kingston did not have. Instead, he had gritted his teeth, clenched his fists, and waited in agony as the youth made his way across. And now, it was his turn.
Kneeling down, he heard a sharp popping noise in his knees, and not for the first time wished for the body of his youth. As a soldier, he had been forced to cultivate a figure made up of muscles, sinew, and more muscles. As a scientist, he had been trained to view the world through a hundred different lenses. And now, as an old man, he had neither. Mercifully, a lifetime of struggles had given him a body that few his age could dream of, and years of solitude had made him patient beyond measure. 
“My body might have withered, and my mind might have dulled, but I can’t give up here… not until my job is done…”
Following Barsch, he gently lowered himself down, mindful of the long drop to the water below. Immediately he began to feel his body begin to tire. In spite of everything he had told himself; in spite of his words to Barsch cautioning a slow and steady pace, he knew that he had to move quickly, before his limbs gave out. Grunting with exertion, he half-leapt, half-swung to the low-hanging branch closest to him. His fingers curled around it in a satisfactory manner, so he hazarded another leap. This time, his fingers scrabbled furiously before finding purchase in the hard, slippery rock. 
He repeated this sequence of secure movements and lucky catches a dozen times, until he felt himself nearing the end of the trunk. From somewhere above, Barsch called out, “Kingston, are you okay? Do you need any help?” Kingston weakly answered that he was fine, and that he would be done soon. The end, he decided, could not come soon enough. 
“Kingston! Careful, that area is trickier than the rest!” Kingston looked up as he heard the words, and managed to catch a glimpse of the worried face of his young companion. In that instant, when his gaze was elsewhere, the treacherous earth made its move. A crumbling sound brought Kingston’s attention back to where it belonged, but he was too late to do anything but watch. 
What had once been a secure piece of stone had turned into a freelancer for gravity, detaching itself from the cliff wall and tumbling down towards its new master. 
Kingston, who had been anchored to the now-renegade rock, did not even have time to scream as he fell. His life flashed before his eyes, but they were blurry from the sudden change in speed, so he saw only vague blobs of events past. 
Time seemed to slow as he fell, robbing the world of its colour and allowing him one last clear thought, before fear and panic took over. 
“BARSCH!” his mind screamed, having decided that his voice was out of commission. He turned his eyes upwards, towards the heavens… and Barsch. However, his gaze found no friend or god, only a slim metal cylinder, which ended in a strangely shaped black box. Relying on decades old reflexes, he reached out, and managed to grab the mysterious object by its last few inches. 
From above, he heard what sounded like a scream of pain, but he dismissed it as an echo from his own agony-filled mind. As he watched, the silver cylinder was raised into the vision-obscuring leaves, taking Kingston along with it. Just before he broke through the emerald barrier, something warm landed on his cheek. At the same time, he became aware of a reddish liquid slowly snaking its way down the object of his salvation. Something in his brain put two and two together, but he dismissed the idea as impossible.
A heartbeat later, Kingston was pulled through the leaves, and to his delight, found solid rock beneath his chest. Looking up, he began congratulating Barsch on his quick thinking, but stopped when he saw the boy’s hands. 
Barsch law sprawled on the warm stone, a long, black object clutched tightly to his chest. And although he had only shown Kingston the weapon a few hours before, its silhouette was impossible to forget. Barsch held the black blade by its razor sharp edge; his blood running down the mirrored surface to end at the hilt, where it now stained Kingston’s own hands.
It was a bond of blood, a connection between saviour and saved. 
“Barsch!” Kingston shouted, this time using his voice, “Let go lad, I’m safe!” 
Using every ounce of his remaining strength, Kingston forced himself to stand and rush over to Barsch’s immobile form. Reaching down, he quickly pried the boy’s bloodied fingers from the glistening blade, before throwing it down on the path. In that instant, he swore that he felt a sense of disappointment from the vicious looking chainsword. 
Barsch’s face was pale, and his brow was sweat-slicked, but the brave youth wore a small smile on his face. “Sorry, Kingston… It was the only thing I could think of…” 
“It’s okay m’boy, you did what you could in a difficult situation. Thank you.”
Although he spoke with a reassuring tone, he decided then that a warning was necessary as well, “But this time you were lucky, and the damage wasn’t too bad… But if anything like this happens again, and you think that you could be badly injured while trying to help me, Alza, or anyone else, I want you to take a deep breath, and stay away… do you understand?”
The smile disappeared as Barsch processed his friend’s words, and his face hardened in anger. However, in a surprising display of maturity, the youth merely nodded. In the meantime, Kingston had recovered his pack from the side of the trail, and had withdrawn bandages and a canister filled with water. When he returned, he carefully took Barsch’s hands and used the water to wash away the quickly drying blood.
“The Gods only know…” he swore, as he looked at Barsch’s palms. What should have been a pair of deep cuts were instead two thin lines of lacerated skin. For anyone stumbling upon them at that moment, it would have seemed like the teen had merely cut himself with a pocket knife; instead of a four-foot long blade. Kingston even crawled over to the discarded weapon and measured how much blood had been spilled, trying to work out how such a small injury could produce so much. Next, he checked Barsch’s arms and chest for any other wounds, and was actually disappointed to find none, as they would have helped in solving the mystery. 
“How?” he asked, although he doubted Barsch would have any ideas.
“I don’t know, maybe I wasn’t gripping as hard as I thought? Or maybe I’m tougher than I look? My dad did always say that I healed faster than anyone he had ever met…” 
“Maybe… No, that’s simply not possible.” Kingston muttered, mostly to himself. “Anyway, I should bandage these. You don’t want to get them infected, do you?” he asked, rhetorically. 
A few minutes later, Barsch’s hands were rather clumsily bandaged, and they had recovered their things. Seeing as there was nothing left to do, they continued down the cliff-side path, while Kingston contemplated an impossibility, one that he hoped had not come true. 
*
Another handful of hours passed as the duo slowly made their way along the path. Fortunately, no more obstacles were found; unfortunately, the awkward silence made any communication impossible. Eventually, the scenery changed as the path opened up. The rocky trail became dead grass and the sea dropped away to be replaced by miles of undulating hills. They were now standing on a carpet of grey bristles, which spread in every direction without end. 
However, in that ocean of grey, there was something that did not belong, something that cried out for attention. Running across the hills, straight as an arrow, was a line of green. Two feet wide and stretching from north to south, the path was made from verdant grass, somehow brought to life once more. For Barsch, there was no doubt in his mind who had created it. There was only one person he knew who could have done something so… miraculous.
“Alza…” he whispered, almost in reverence.
“Agreed. She’s been here, probably not too long ago. We should follow it, cautiously.” answered Kingston, sounding like a hunter who had at last spotted his prey. 
Unfortunately, nature had other plans. Even as they watched, the green grass began to fade, its unnatural vibrancy returning to the blackened discolouration of its neighbours. Soon, the only clue to Alza’s location would be gone, and whatever she had done to reverse death would disappear.
“Come on! There’s no time!” Barsch cried, as he sped towards the fading sign. Kingston had choice but to follow him, and soon both men were running full speed along the emerald path. In spite of the death surrounding him, Barsch found himself yelling out with joyful exuberance. It had been so long since he had last felt true happiness. Running along a disappearing path, with a gentle breeze and a warm ray of sunshine, he found that he was having… fun.
Beside him, Kingston was obviously not having fun. The old hermit was breathing heavily, and his hands shook from exertion. Once again, Barsch was reminded of just how sick his friend was, and how important their quest was. The serious nature of their journey, and the invisible, ticking clock hanging over them dampened his spirit, but it could not steal the small smile from his face. 
*
After an unspecified amount of time -Barsch was having too much fun to keep track- they reached the end of the unnatural path. Ahead lay a large hill, the tallest for miles. Like the green road, it too was distinctly different; being completely covered by soft grass and numerous violet flowers. Standing at the apex of the hill, in a mirror image of Kingston’s earlier pose, was Alza. 
In his mind, Barsch imagined her turning towards them with a welcoming smile, and calling out a melodious greeting. In reality, she merely turned her head slightly, gazed at them with a blank face, and stated, “Oh, It’s you.” 
Together, they made their way up the steep hill; Kingston cautiously, and Barsch only slightly less so. When they reached the top, Alza was still there. She was waiting for them, which Barsch took as a good sign. Looking at her, he tried to envision her as the innocent, pure girl he had first met; but the image of her ruthlessly killing the re-mech kept surfacing in its place. 
“Alza…” he started, unsure of what to say, “What happened back there… with the re-mech?” 
Alza looked from Barsch to Kingston with her trademark apathetic stare. “I saw it as a threat, so I eliminated it, that is all.”
“Yes, but how? I mean, I’ve never seen anyone do what you did…”
Alza’s gaze lowered by a fraction of an inch, which to her was probably equivalent to bowing her head in consternation “I… I don’t know. I saw the… re-mech… attack and somehow I just knew that I could stop it.” 
“Do you think you could do it again? On purpose this time?” Kingston asked, most likely trying to gauge Alza’s control over a power that could kill them in an instant. 
Alza, in response, shook her head and said, “I don’t think so. Whatever it was, it comes and goes. I think that this is something I’ve had since before I lost my memories, so I don’t know anything about it.”
“Oh. But if that’s the case, then why did you leave this morning? If it’s something that even you don’t know about, then we should figure it out together!” 
Barsch wondered what he would do if she said that she was leaving for good. She was a danger to them, but she had also saved both of their lives, whether it was intentional or not. Kingston had said that Carçus City was dangerous, and having a companion who could destroy a re-mech with her mind couldn’t hurt their chances. 
“When I awoke, I saw the state of the Station, and I assumed that you had found what you were looking for. It was clear that you would want to return to the old one’s hut as soon as possible, and… I do not believe that my past lies with him. So I left, and continued my journey alone, until you caught up with me…” 
Barsch wanted to laugh, but something told him that it was unwise given the atmosphere. He felt relief that Alza had only left because she had thought that their journey had ended, but the ease in which she had done so still worried him. They had not known each other for long, but to leave without even saying good-bye…
Shaking his head, he pointed towards the horizon, where a shadowy set of black spires lay. “We couldn’t find all of the medicine, so we came here, to the city.” Carçus City still lay many miles to the north-east, but Barsch could already feel a sense of abandonment from the ruins. 
“That’s our destination, so, if you still want to travel together for a little while longer…” 
Without answering, Alza started to walk down the slope, heading in the same direction as the city. For an agonising heartbeat, Barsch feared that she was going to leave them once again, until she turned and said, in a flat voice, “Hurry up.” 
Barsch felt the smile return to his face as he did as she said, although Kingston still wore a displeased expression on his face. Barsch did not know whether the old man was upset that Alza had not explained the incident properly, or that she was travelling with them again; but at that moment, Barsch found it hard to care. Either way, the hermit was soon walking beside him, and the normality of their group –twisted as it was- returned.
*
“What happened to it?” Barsch asked, as they crested what seemed like their hundredth hill. The walk thus far had been a never ending series of slopes and valleys, occasionally punctuated by a small, brackish stream or a thorny grove. Every time they reached the top of a hill, they caught a glimpse of the broken city in the distance, which thankfully seemed to be getting closer. Now that they were close enough, Barsch could see that the city was not whole.
“War happened to it, m’boy. During the South Wars, it had the misfortune to be located on a piece of unpolluted land. Soon enough, a neighbouring country decided that Carçus was better off sharing its natural good fortune, whether they wanted to or not. So they sent a polite invitation in the form of an all-out invasion.”
Kingston looked to the horizon, where the ruined city sat like a black spot on the roiling coast. “The war didn’t last long. The invaders were heavily armed, ruthless and desperate, and Carçus was a city of peace. When the smoke had cleared, the country’s leader saw that there was nothing left worth fighting over; so they abandoned their newly won city, and nature began its reclamation. So many deaths, so much destruction, and they didn’t even care…” 
There was deep regret in Kingston’s voice, along with a subdued anger. During their talks, Kingston would often speak of the foolishness of mankind or the pointlessness of the South Wars as if he were personally responsible for both. 
“I’m sorry…” Barsch said, unsure of what to say. He had grown up years after the South Wars had ended, so he had never known the horrors of war. In his time, war was a luxury, one the human race could not afford.
“If there is anyone who needs to apologise, it’s me. When our leaders were deciding the fate of the world, we kept silent and waited for their decision. It was only after we realised that they had chosen wrongly did we speak out, and by that time it was far too late. My generation damned this planet through inaction, and then we ran away from what we had done, like cowards!”
“Kingston, you couldn’t have known…” 
“We could- we should have done more! The warning signs were all there, but we were blinded by pride and foolishness! I may not have been here at the time, but I share the blame for what happened to Carçus, and all the cities like it.” 
Something in Kingston’s tone told Barsch that any further communication was pointless, so he allowed silence to re-settle upon the group. Alza was walking several yards ahead, part of the group, but still separate. They had not spoken since their reunion on the hilltop, several hours prior, and it did not look like that would change any time soon. 
When the sun entered its final quarter, Kingston brought the group to a halt. They would need all of their strength and wits for Carçus, he said, as a reason for the early stop. They camped out at the top of a tall hill, which would give them adequate warning should a threat appear. However, the land seemed to be as dead as the grass, and Barsch could not imagine anything living in such a barren place. Indeed, the greatest threat to their safety was currently sitting in their midst, biting into a chunk of dried fish. 
After eating, Barsch retreated to his side of the hilltop and unrolled his sleeping bag, while Kingston and Alza did the same on their sides. The hermit was still watching Alza with a mix of suspicion and distrust, and Barsch doubted that the old man would get much sleep that night. Alza, by comparison, did not even look in his direction. As the darkness slowly crept into his vision, Barsch wondered if she would still be there when he awoke…
*
The darkness eases from my vision. I awaken in an unfamiliar place, filled with dust-covered beds and medical equipment. The Medical Station? So they managed to enter it after all…
“Come.”
The boy is lying a few feet away, his mouth twisted into an agonised grimace. There is nothing I can do for him. His demons are of his own design… 
“Come to me.” 
I notice a meal set beside my bed, and I take the time to finish it. I don’t need its nourishment, but I eat it nonetheless. Gathering my things, I head towards the door, careful not to wake the old one sleeping by the desk. 
“Come to me, and witness the truth.”
Outside, the fading moonlight washes over the glade, bathing everything in silver light. Nearby, the re-mech’s grave lies still, a reminder of what I did, and what I will do again in the future. My body feels light and strong, and my feet quickly carry me far from the station. 
“Come to me, and witness the truth of your past.”
With my renewed strength, the hillside might as well be flatlands. I speed across the landscape, the wind whipping my hair into a million shapes. Far below, a second path winds its way along the cliff-side, punctuated only once by an out-of-place tree. The land ahead is black and grey, the colours of death and degradation. Looking back, I see a lance of green, stretching from my feet to the distant station. Life behind, death ahead. I have made my choice, for better or worse…
“Come to me, and witness the truth of your past, Alza.” 
The voice has grown in intensity as I travelled, becoming louder the closer I come to a hill that is larger than the rest. 
I ascend the hill without effort, relishing my newfound power. The carpet of life follows in my footsteps, quickly blanketing the dead earth in colour. And there, standing at the top of the hill, is the one who had called out to me. A woman of unnatural beauty, with long dark hair and piercing blue eyes. She wears a sapphire-coloured cloak, and waits for me with a regal pose. 
“Come to me, and witness the truth of your past, Alza, daughter of none…” She says, with a voice like a thousand rainstorms. Everything about her is overpowering, and yet I cannot bring myself to see her as a threat. If I have a mother, then this is surely what it would feel like meeting her. 
“Seek me out, unloved daughter, and I shall reveal the path you must walk. Seek me out in the Sands of Isolation, and I will give you purpose…” 
Before I can speak, she is gone, and I am alone once more. In the distance, I can sense that he has awoken. Will he seek me out, as I must seek out another? There is nothing else for me here, but my body refuses to move from this spot. Something inside me wants to stay… to wait for the coming light. I stand in a quiet world, ready to begin my silent vigil…
*
“Alza, breakfast is ready!” called Barsch, dragging Alza from her dream. A few minutes later, she joined them at the small campfire Kingston had made, and ate another mediocre and unfulfilling meal. Carçus still lay on the distant horizon, still seeming shadowed despite the strong morning sunlight. 
After packing away their things, they left the hilltop, heading eastward. The scenery had not changed, but the mood had improved. Kingston now wore a grin on his leathery face, and his steps were lighter and faster. It seemed like whatever had come over him the day before had vanished, leaving the man Barsch had met in the glade. 
It was still difficult to accept that their journey might soon be over, but Barsch knew that it was for the best. Kingston was sick, Alza had no memories, and he was far from home… 
“I’m not the right person for all this… adventuring. I’m not as strong as Alza, and I’m not as smart as Kingston. I’m just a kid, playing at being a man. It would have been better for everyone if I had just stayed in my pod, and slept my worries away…” 
When they stopped for a quick rest around midday, Kingston came over to where Barsch was sitting and said, “So m’boy, how are you doing? How are your hands?”
Barsch looked up as the hermit approached. With everything that had happened, he had completely forgotten about his injuries. “I’m fine, I guess. They don’t really hurt anymore.” He allowed Kingston to take his hands and unwrap the bandages, and somehow was not surprised when his palms were revealed to be unmarked. 
“Remarkable. Simply remarkable.” was all he said, before throwing away the unneeded bandages. Barsch could tell that the old man wanted to say more, but for some reason he held back. Perhaps Kingston simply could not handle any more weirdness after Alza’s actions, or perhaps he was fearful of what he would find.
Kingston then strode over to Alza, displaying an unusual friendliness towards her as he did so. Alza, in return, merely stared at him with a blank look on her face. Before crossing the mountains, Barsch had presumed that she had warmed to them both, albeit slightly, but she was now acting more distant than before. She was an enigma, even without her mysterious powers, and he doubted he would ever fully understand her… although that did not stop him from trying. 
“What do you want, old one?” she said, keeping a neutral tone. Her neutrality was only one of the things that felt off about her. Thinking back, Barsch could not remember a single time in which she had changed her expression. He had yet to see her angry, or happy, or sad; her expression and tone was always the same: cold. 
“Well, just thought that I should check up on you? You know, see how you were doing? It’s been pretty crazy ever since we found you, so if there’s anything that’s bothering you…”
“I am fine. I am uninjured, and my sensory and mental capabilities are functioning perfectly. There is nothing about me that could possibly merit your concern.” Again, that cool tone, which Barsch thought would better suit a re-mech than a teenage girl. 
“As long as you are travelling with us, you are my responsibility. So, if something happens to you, to either of you... What I’m trying to say is, if you have any problems, or questions or difficulties, please don’t hesitate to tell me, okay?” 
Barsch was glad that he was merely an observer to Kingston and Alza’s strained communication; as he had no desire to get on either of their bad sides. 
Kingston was still clearly trying to get Alza to trust him, and most likely better gauge the level of threat she posed, but Alza did not respond well to his words, even if there was some genuine concern in them. Kingston may have distrusted or even feared Alza, but to him, she was still someone who needed help, and he wanted to supply it, even if she did not ask for it.
“You are misunderstanding something, old one. I am only travelling with you because it suits my needs. The moment that ceases to be true, I will leave both you and the boy, and continue my journey alone.” 
Although her tone was still level, the words sounded even colder than normal. It was subtle, but he was beginning to be able to pick up the small variations in her speech that indicated her mood. Given enough time, he might even be able to divulge her real emotions, but that day was still far off. 
“I just don’t want to lose- 
A sudden and all-too-familiar noise drowned out Kingston’s words. The roaring thunder had come from the east, towards their destination and Kingston’s last chance for salvation. Barsch turned to face the noise, expecting to see roiling thunderclouds and lightning flashes, but only empty sky greeted him. While he was still puzzling out the strange sight, another thunderclap was heard, this time from the west. Again, a clear, azure sky was the only thing in sight. Even the small and wispy clouds from that morning had disappeared, and the air was calmer than Barsch had ever felt. 
They were still several miles away from Carçus’ outer limits, and the hills that lay between them and the city would provide no cover from a storm. 
“What are the chances? Two storms in two days? How many more obstacles are the gods going to place in our way!? All I want to do is find Kingston’s medicine, is that so much to ask for! ANSWER ME!” 
“Your existence is sin. Only death shall grant you redemption.” 
The voice hit Barsch like a shockwave, knocking him to the ground with a strangled cry. It had been like nothing he had ever heard. Full of rage and pure, unconstrained hatred for all things on two legs. It was as if somebody had given a storm a voice, or captured the sound of thunder and amplified it a thousand-fold. He wanted to scream in pain as his eardrums came close to bursting, but the sheer shock of the reply had stolen his voice. 
How were Alza and Kingston still standing? How had they not bowed before the primal rage the voice had brought? How had they not screamed in agony from the pressure?
“Barsch? Is everything okay?” asked Kingston, in his normal and kind tone of voice. 
Sitting up, Barsch was once more shocked by what he saw: Alza and Kingston, still standing and apparently unfazed by the monstrous voice. Was he going mad? Had only he heard the voice, and if so… why? Or, had they heard the voice, and given no reaction? At that moment, Barsch could not decide which of the three was more terrifying…
Thankfully, he was spared from answering Kingston’s question by the timely arrival of another thunder-burst, this time from the north. “Kingston, what’s happening?” he asked, hopefully taking Kingston’s mind off of his strange behaviour.
“I don’t know m’boy, but I have a bad feeling about this. We should move- 
Another thunderclap, from the south, completed the set. The sky above them trembled from its force, and the dead air finally came alive with a torturous shriek.
“Now!” Kingston called, ushering them forward. The wind -enraged at its delayed appearance- roared with fury, sending small stones and branches to rain down upon the fleeing trio. Cresting a nondescript hill, Barsch saw that four massive storm clouds had formed where the thunder had struck, and each was now birthing a long, violent funnel that slammed into the ground. From these thin twisters grew dozens of offshoots, and soon, the sky around them was filled with hundreds of tornadoes. 
Rain and lightning came next, but they were different somehow: it was as if they were twisted by the wind. The bolts curved on their way to the ground, circling the funnels and lighting them from within as they passed through. The rain, sped up by the screaming vortices, hit the ground faster than should have been possible. As they hit, the water boiled, leaving thousands of thin pillars of steam. If Armageddon existed, then this was what it would look like.  
“Look for any oddly shaped hills! Or anything that looks out of place!” Kingston was screaming, as he ran beside Barsch and Alza. “If the gods are merciful, we’ll find a war bunker before the hypercane forms!” 
“Wait! None of that made any sense!” Barsch cried out, as he dodged another sudden vent of superheated steam. The larger tornadoes were still far off, but the smaller offshoots were growing dangerously close, and each step was harder than the last. He could already feel the vortices pulling at him, trying to wrench him free from gravity’s safe embrace and pull him into the whirling nightmare behind him. 
“During the siege of Carçus, the invaders built dozens of war bunkers so that they could observe the fight. They would have tried to disguise them to match the surrounding landscape, so-
“Oddly shaped hills, got it. But what in the world is a hypercane?” Barsch called out, his voice thundering in resonance with the storm.
Kingston opened his mouth to answer, but something behind him made him turn. He slid to a halt at the top of one of the hills, and grabbed Barsch as he flew past. Turning his charge, he pointed to something in the distance, something beyond belief.
“That, m’boy, is a hypercane…” 
Where there had been four massive hurricanes, there now stood one, with all of their size and fury combined and distilled. It stretched across the horizon, darkening the sky by its presence and hiding the sun behind its bulk. Inside it, trapped lightning burned the ground, igniting hundreds of fires which were quickly extinguished by the boiling rain.  
“May the gods take pity on us, and take our pain as penance…” Kingston whispered, staring at the hellish scene. 
“Alza! Where are you?” Barsch called. He turned away from Kingston, leaving the old man to continue saying his prayers. As was becoming customary, Alza had disappeared after the situation had worsened, staying true to her word. On the mountain, they had faced the storm together, but without her, he could not summon the strength to move. 
“I have located a bunker. It is less than two hundred feet away. Follow.” Alza emerged from behind a small hill, her hair flowing freely in the strong wind. As always, her expression showed neither fear nor desperation -unlike Barsch’s easily visible feelings- despite the mega storm bearing down on them. 
“On the mountain, outside the medical station, and now this… Are we truly so helpless that we need a teenage girl to save us every time? Isn’t there anything I can do?” 
Kingston’s coughing brought Barsch back to reality just in time to see the old hermit fall to his knees. Kneeling by his friend, Barsch could tell that the old man was close to breaking. The physical strain of their journey, in addition to the mental strain of having their hope be crushed again and again, had dealt a major blow to the hermit. 
He tried to think back, to that night on the mountain, when he had summoned the strength to move them both to safety, but nothing came. No mysterious voices, no surge of power, no words from his father to guide him. Nothing. He was alone.
No. Not alone.
“Alza! Please, help me!” he cried, holding Kingston, whose coughing was getting worse. If the old man could not save himself, and if he did not have the power to help him, then there was only one other he could count on. 
She was still standing there, violet eyes regarding them both impassively. She had not gone to the old man’s side when he fell, but nor had she left them. Maybe there was some hope, maybe she could-
“No.” 
Behind them, the hypercane continued to grow, its roar now filling their minds. In any other situation, with anyone else, a person would have agreed without second thought. But this was not anyone, this was Alza, and she stood alone.
“Why!?” Barsch screamed, fighting to be heard above the encroaching storm. White-hot bolts were already firing overhead. The storm’s vanguard had arrived, and still they had not moved.
“Leave him. He is already dying, and will only slow us down. I permitted you to bring him along on the mountain, but this is different. Leave him, or I will leave you both.” 
If she had shouted the words, or spoken them in hushed tones, Barsch would have been able to deal with her. But every word was delivered in the same emotionless, monotonous tone, making her sound reasonable or level-headed. For an instant, a single heartbeat, Barsch considered obeying her, and abandoning Kingston. But then the moment passed, and his innate stubbornness resurged. 
“No,” he answered, in a tone that mirrored hers, “I will not leave him, and neither will you. He saved us both, and without him, we would still be lying in that glade, probably dead! You owe him your life, and you are honour-bound to repay the favour!”
Time ground to a halt as Alza considered his words. If she still refused, would he die beside Kingston… or leave him and survive… 
“Very well. But know this: next time he falls, I will not be there to pick him up.” 
Alza quickly moved to Kingston’s other side and with one arm lifted the old man to his feet. At any other time, Barsch would have been dismayed at the strength disparity between them, but at that moment, he was just glad to have her nearby. With Kingston between them, they slowly made their way towards the suspected bunker, while the hypercane bore down on them like a wolf chasing its prey.
Rounding what seemed like the hundredth hill, Barsch saw it. Kingston had been right, they had tried to disguise it, but had failed in the most obvious way. Standing before them, surrounded by dozens of its almost-peers, was the perfect hill. Looking at it closely, Barsch could see that someone had set out to make the ideal, stereotypical hill in all aspects and had succeeded in every way. Every blade of grass sat neatly and angled to the same degree, and the shrubbery and rocks had been placed with expert hands. But that perfection, that manufactured exactness was what made it stand out. Mother Nature was messy and imperfect, and with the real things so close, the fake hill stood out like a lighthouse. 
“Okay, we found it, but that doesn’t mean anything if we can’t get inside!” 
He laid Kingston down on one side of the perfect hemisphere and started searching for any sign of an entrance. Alza did the same, and soon they had rounded the hill twice with nothing to show for it. The hypercane, in the meantime, had finally closed the distance between them, and its funnel was smashing the earth only a hundred feet away. There was no time. Even if they found an entrance, it would be locked, and bypassing that without Kingston would cost them even more time. He wanted to scream in frustration, but something inside him spoke instead…
“You have let the rules of this world constrain you for far too long! Defy them, and break free from your cage! If you cannot find the entrance, then make one! Use me, and I shall show you your true nature! LET THEM HEAR MY ROAR!!” 
The voice from outside the medical station surged through him in a flash, and in that instant, he saw what he needed to do. Reaching back, he felt his fingers encircle the smooth metal of Lanista’s hilt, and he brought it forth in one fluid movement. Alza and Kingston could only stare in silence as his questing fingers found the leather ripcord, and he pulled just as a random lightning bolt struck the blade. The electricity flowed across the black surface, before diving into the engine box, igniting it in a shower of sparks. A split second later, the blade kicked into gear, sending hundreds of tiny barbs roaring across the surface, which was now covered in flames. 
To Barsch, the roar of the storm had disappeared, to be replaced by the scream of his burning sword. In that instant, nothing else existed. Not Kingston, with all his pain. Not Alza, with her mysterious past. Not even the hypercane, with its unbelievable fury. Only Lanista was real, and the thrill he felt in his heart was the proof. He wanted to cry out with sheer delight at the sensation coursing through his veins, but a small part of him remained sane, and reminded him of his duty.
Another handful of bolts came streaming past as he whirled the weightless blade overhead, but something stopped them from hitting him. Instead, they crashed into the fake grass of the hill, incinerating it and revealing the true exterior. In the moment before he plunged the burning sword into the metal structure, he was briefly aware of someone nearby laughing maniacally, but he dismissed it. 
The chainsword cut into the shell as if it were made of paper, and seconds later, he had carved out a human-sized oblong section, which fell inwards with a neat clank. Throwing the still-aflame blade inside, he grabbed Kingston and dived inwards, aware of Alza following soon after. Outside, the hypercane’s storm-wall was only a few feet away, and there was still a large hole in their saving grace. Motioning to Alza, they quickly repositioned the impromptu door and wedged it into the gaping maw just in time to see the storm-wall reach the hill. 
The dome-like structure continued to shake for several minutes as the hypercane passed by overhead, but the ancient walls held, and they were kept safe from its wrath. As soon as he recovered his breath, Barsch went to check on Kingston, who had finally regained his senses. But the old man did not want to talk, and merely sat in the near-darkness. Alza had retreated to the other side of the room, which was only a few yards wide. She had found a light switch during her search, and was now sitting in a small corona of light. 
Since neither of them seemed interested in talking, Barsch retreated to his own corner, which was bathed in twilight due to several missing lights. Lanista lay nearby, its flames extinguished at some unknown point. However, when he reached out to it, he caught sight of his face, reflected in a polished piece of metallic wall. On his face, stretching almost from ear to ear, was a wide, almost maniacal grin. At the same time, a memory resurfaced: in it, a lunatic laughed deliriously as he plunged a burning sword into a hillside. 
“This is what you are, Barsch La Tergan. This is your true nature given form. Together, we will burn all who oppose you…” 
Slowly, Barsch backed away from the gleaming sword, fully aware of how strange he must look. But at that moment, he did not care. He soon found another open spot, one with a good view of the grin-inducing blade, and laid his head back. Closing his eyes, he tried to remember how life had been, before it had been filled with dying hermit’s, mysterious girls, and unnatural storms… “And voices in your head…” 
And voices in his head…
*
Unbeknownst to the inhabitants of the bunker, while they were trying to find safety, a great conflict had occurred several miles above them…
“You are coming close to breaking the rules, traitor.” The speaker was a young woman clothed in a bluish cloak with white wave-breaks on the hem. Her piercing sapphire eyes were fixed on the man who lay before her, floating unsupported in the air. 
“Rules that were made to bind us, to make us weak, so that these vermin could infest our home? If I could, I would destroy the rules, and wipe these… things… off the face of the planet!”
“Words of treason from a traitor, how fitting.” Although the blue-eyed woman spoke in a calm and collected manner, inside she was trembling in fear. The man before her was casually speaking about destroying the cornerstone of their kind as if it were a troublesome chore. If they had not created the safeguards, he most likely would have already done so.
“And who are you to judge my actions? I have seen you speak with them! If anyone is breaking the rules, it is you and your meddlesome brother! Who are you to speak out against me?”
“Your sister, for starters. And we have only met them in the dreamscape, as is our way. While you have physically touched the world in order to harry them! The storm on the mountain was one thing, as it was already forming, but to warp nature to your own purposes, as you did here…” The blue-eyed woman was standing on a platform made of pure ice, hanging in the air. Although she did not need it to stay afloat, it comforted her to have a piece of her domain nearby. 
“I have no sister. Nor do I have a brother. I cut my ties with you the day you sided with the vermin, and forsook your own blood!” His words cut deep, but the blue-eyed woman did not let the pain show. The thing that stood before her had been that way for a long time now, and she had already buried her anguish in action.
Far below, she watched as the mega storm crossed the last few miles to the crumbling city. There was nothing she could do for it, aside from turning her head. Even if it survived the tempest, it had already been marked for destruction. If the trio below did not hurry, they would find only rubble and hopelessness.
“Why are you doing this? Why are you targeting them?” 
“Their destiny could impede my mission. Individually, they pose no threat to my vassal, but together, they are a threat that cannot be ignored. That is why they must die… that, and because I want to see the look on your face when your precious champion falls at my feet and begs for mercy, before I end him.”
“You are insane,” she said, surprisingly with a calm she did not feel. The thing casually threatening her had once been a loving, noble brother who had been steadfast in his defence and care of humanity. But he had been twisted by something, becoming the monster who now sought their extinction. With hair the colour of dried blood; soulless grey eyes and pale, cadaverous skin, he now even looked the part. 
“Insane? No. I am the most sane entity on the planet! Only I can see what must be done, if we wish to reclaim our homeland! Do you remember, dearest sister, how it was taken from us? How it was stolen by the very same vermin that you are trying to save! And then, after they had taken it, they destroyed it with their filth! If you think that I am insane, then what does that make them?”
The blue-eyed woman knew that trying to reason with him was pointless, but she tried nonetheless, spurred on by the memory of what had once been.
“Have they not been punished enough? I don’t deny that they hurt the planet, but they have already paid their penance with their pain. Even now, their kind barely clings to suspended life! I believe that they can change their ways, if you would just give them a chance! Please, for those of us you once called family, will you show leniency?”
The man with dead eyes laughed then, a cruel, vicious laugh that caused a dozen lightning bolts to suddenly form and discharge in the clear blue sky. 
“Leniency? Clearly you have been spending too much time amongst the vermin. Pests will always be pests, and you can either exterminate them or do nothing and let them consume everything! No, sister, I will not show leniency, and I will not stop until their pathetic race has been reduced to ash. As long as one human heart still beats, I will not rest! My vengeance will be absolute!”
As he spoke, a hundred more bolts formed and fell towards the surface. The placid air became frenzied, and she was forced to use her powers to remain stable. He was beyond negotiations, beyond salvation. But he was not beyond death, if that was what it took…
With nothing left to say to his former sister, the man faded from view, as if he had been nothing more than a terrifying mirage. The blue-eyed woman glanced below, her unnatural eyes focusing on a solitary hill with an out-of-place piece of metal jutting from one end. Surrounding it were dozens of fires, the results of the man’s violent outburst. If left unchecked, they could threaten her charge…
Focusing her will, she flicked her wrist in the direction of the fires, killing them with miniature water spouts. As she glided away, the ice becoming a glistening bridge in the afternoon sunlight, she reflected on what her former brother had said. 
“They need someone to guide them, to make sure that they do not stray from their path. Something not bound by our rules, something that can change their fates if need be… Their mission is too important for them to fail, and I will make sure that they do not…” 
Still musing on what needed to be done, the woman vanished from sight, her frozen walkway evaporating soon after.
*
The next morning, Kingston awoke to a silent room. Barsch had fallen asleep at some point, clutching Lanista close to him like a razor-sharp, serrated teddy bear. Alza, on the other hand, had slept like a corpse, and was now standing at the far end of the room, examining the row of dead computer consoles she had found there. He tried to think back to the events of the day before, but only his conversation with Barsch remained. Everything else was indistinct and hazy, to the point where he could not remember how they had found the bunker.
“Maybe I am getting too old for this. I should be in my hut, reading a good book, not traipsing across the country with two youngsters who could run laps around me. But I made a promise, and I will honour it. And if need be, my pain will become my penance…” Turning his gaze skyward a stray thought crept over him, “Father, will I ever find redemption?” 
“We are even now old man. That was the last time I will help you. If you fall again, I will leave you behind.” 
Alza had returned from the computer bank, and wore her customary blank expression. From his jumbled memories, he could vaguely remember her helping Barsch save his life.
“I know. If that happens, please take Barsch and run.” 
It was a slim chance that Alza would actually oblige his request, but he needed to try. If anything happened to him, someone had to keep the boy safe, or he would never be able to find rest in the next world. Alza had not responded to him, so he left the bunker, intent on surveying the storm damage. Upon reaching the make-shift door, a thin smile spread across his lips. Barsch had performed admirably, given the circumstances and his relative inexperience with his weapon. 
“That thing has saved me twice now, so why can’t I see it as a good thing? Maybe I’m just paranoid, but that chainsword doesn’t seem to be the same one Erebus used. It’s as if it has a soul now, and that soul is feeding off something inside Barsch… But that’s just an old man’s silliness, right?” 
Moments later, he exited the bunker and was confronted with a scene of devastation. Almost all of the fake grass had been stripped from the bunker, leaving large swathes of exposed metal glinting in the morning sunlight. Steam still rose from several potholes scattered throughout the area, and many of the hills bore deep scars from the hypercane’s passage. But the most damage lay on the horizon, where the storm had evidently reached its peak. 
If Carçus City had been teetering on the brink of destruction before, now it was falling headfirst into the chasm of oblivion. Less than a third of the buildings still stood, the rest were multi-coloured heaps of debris. Even as he watched, another mighty tower collapsed. It had most likely been worn down by decades of degradation, before being finished by the storm’s merciless killing blow. Any chance they had had of finding the city intact had just become almost non-existent. 
And even if the hospital still stood -which would be a miracle in its own right- just getting there would most likely use up whatever luck they had left. And, if the gods finally decided to show them mercy, and they were able to overcome all obstacles and make it to their objective; the odds that the medicine would still be there was so depressingly slim that merely thinking of it brought a shudder to his frail body. 
However, despite all this, Kingston had made up his mind. He would press onwards towards the decomposing city, alone if need be. He refused to continue being a burden for his friend, and acquiring his medicine was the only way to do that. 
*
For the first time since his awakening outside Genesis Station 13, Barsch had slept a dreamless sleep. He awoke feeling refreshed, the rigors of the previous day washed away along with the storm. When he had awoken, he had found Lanista in his arms, which he had taken as a sign that his subconscious was under control once more. And in the light of day, the blade did not seem as malicious, and the voice he had given it seemed childish and ephemeral.
But reality soon intruded on his positive mind-set, reminding him that Kingston was close to death and that he was probably not too far behind. They were still several miles away from Carçus, and judging from the increasing frequency of the old man’s coughing fits, they were running out of time.   
“Barsch, good morning! How are you feeling?” Kingston called as he exited the bunker. The hermit had recovered some of his energy, and his face had more colour, but he was still weaker than when Barsch had first met him.
“I’m fine, I guess. How about you?”
“I’m still alive, if that’s what you’re asking!” replied Kingston, with a forced smile. Moments later, Alza joined them, although she did not share in their conversation. Instead, she gathered up her belongings -her silver bracelet, greatcoat and pack- and went to stand a few feet away. Her message was clear: it was time to move on.
Following her unspoken advice, Barsch and Kingston collected their things and met her outside. Ahead of them, the hills that had persisted since Proxa 09 finally disappeared, replaced by fields of wild corn that had been flattened and scattered by the hypercane. They left without another word, quickly leaving their temporary place of shelter behind as they emerged from the hills. Without the storm to stop them, they picked up the pace, and soon the ruins of Carçus filled the horizon.
As they neared the city limits, more and more signs of war became apparent. Large craters dotted the fields, and several farmhouses lay in ruin, with entire walls reduced to rubble and vehicles heat-welded to the road. It was a horrific spectacle, but seemed to lack reality in the ghostly world the group found themselves in. With no human cries of suffering, or courageous military charges, the scenes were reduced to mere set-pieces, like the world's largest war museum. For Barsch, the war-torn buildings and ruined landscape brought back nostalgic memories of his childhood, when he and his father had travelled through countless similar locations. 
Alza gave the tortured environment no more than a passing glance, but Kingston was obviously suffering. He had been holed up in his hut for decades, hiding from the world, and now he was being forced to confront it. As a soldier, he had been partly responsible for creating wastelands almost identical to Carçus, but he had never before seen the aftermath of his actions. If not for the life-saving medicine hopefully held within the city, he would have turned around and never looked back.
Between Barsch’s nostalgia, Alza’s apathy, and Kingston’s shame, there was no space for conversation. They merely walked in silence, as mile after mile fell behind them. Soon, the distance between the farmhouses lessened, and badly eroded roads were spotted, hidden under four decade old dirt and plant life. They were entering the outer suburbs, where farms and barns were replaced by houses and schools. But these homes held no laughter, and the schools had long since recessed into empty husks. They were walking into a dead city, and if fate did not smile upon them, they could become permanent residents.
An hour later, the uneasy group found a main thoroughfare that led straight into the city. All around them lay abandoned vehicles and building sized craters. As they passed one of these, Kingston brought them to a halt and pointed to something at the heart of the depression. There, still embedded in the hard ground, were the remains of a small missile. Hundreds of tiny holes covered its outer surface, a sight which confused Barsch until Kingston whispered, “Airborne neurotoxin. Nasty stuff…” 
Unfortunately, Barsch did not have to try and imagine what had happened, as the evidence still lay around him. Skeletons, some more powder than bone, and some too small to be from adults, littered the road. Some were still strapped into their vehicles; others had died in the streets, fleeing from the cloud of death. However, they all had something in common: they were all facing west, away from the city. And now he was heading the opposite way, delving deeper into the city-tomb that Carçus had become. 
“Desperation can make men do unforgivable things, but slaughtering civilians, killing unarmed women and children, how can a sane person justify that? How could anyone do this to their fellow man and still face themselves…” 
The words came out by themselves, but they were still his true feelings. Not for the first time, he was glad that he had been born a generation late, and so had been spared from witnessing humanity’s most shameful hour. He had never seen the world before the pollution devoured it, but perhaps that was for the best, as he would never truly know just how far humanity had fallen.
“As you said, we were desperate… foolish and desperate. Before the wars, we had been united as one race, across the globe, but that all fell apart the moment the blight appeared. And just like that, years of hard work went up in smoke, and we regressed to our most primitive urges. Protect your own, and destroy any that weren’t. It’s so much easier to push a button and destroy a city if you are thinking in terms of ‘us and them’, than if you are still seeing them as former neighbours.” Kingston wore a look that spoke of painful memories, so Barsch said nothing more. 
*
Eventually, they found themselves at the entrance to the city proper. The road had long since branched into several smaller tributaries, which crisscrossed throughout the city. From ground level, the arrangements of buildings and roads seemed random and chaotic, however, if one were to view the metropolis from above, they would see that the roads formed a lattice like pattern, designed for maximum efficiency as well as directing all traffic to the central business district. As Kingston pointed out, it was a city that had not been built for war, as it's layout would have restricted the flow of evacuations and maximized the area of effect for warheads. 
“WELCOME TO CARÇUS CITY: THE CITY OF A MILLION SMILES” Barsch read, looking at the old, faded signboard hanging over the road. Below it hung a slightly smaller sign, on which someone had kept a tally of the city’s population. It started at just over a million, and quickly fell into the hundreds as number after number was digitally crossed out. Directly below both signs was an information terminal, which looked like an oblong pillar made out of glass. Mercifully it was solar powered, and the information within would have been hidden deeply in an underground repository and would likely have survived the war.
While Barsch and Alza rested on a nearby barricade, Kingston accessed the citywide database and downloaded a map of the city. A few moments later, he walked over to the resting duo, a pensive look on his face.
“From the data I was able to access, I discovered that there are three major hospitals in the city that could possibly have stores of Methotrexate. They are: Carçus City Medical Centre, St. Iona’s, and the Emdell-Tyson General Hospital…”
“So we just have to head to whichever one’s closest then?” asked Barsch, somehow knowing that it would not be that simple.
“Not exactly. It seems that Carçus City Medical Centre collapsed about three years ago, and St. Iona’s was directly in the path of the hypercane. Only Emdell-Tyson is intact, but it’s on the other side of the city, so we’ll need to pick up the pace!” 
Kingston’s speech was interrupted by a thunderous crash in the distance, and for one heart-stopping moment, Barsch thought that the hypercane had returned. But no further sounds came, and a tall plume of black smoke soon arose to the east, a sure-sign that yet another building had fallen. 
Without needing to say another word, they simultaneously grabbed their things and made their way towards the city centre. 
However, they had barely gone more than three hundred feet before a strangely familiar voice called out to them from the shadows.
“Halt!”
 Barsch skidded to a stop just in time to see a pair of glowing green eyes blink into existence in a nearby alleyway. The eyes’ owner, a re-mech, stepped out from the darkness, one giant hand raised in warning. It was a personal assistant model, outfitted for anything it’s master might need during their day to day activities. During the Great Sleep, they would be added to the global re-mech workforce responsible for destroying the poison-spewing factories and pollution-laden cities, after which they would build new homes and offices for the sleeping masses. And when their half-millennial task was complete, they would return to being personal errand boys and walking computers. 
“This area has been scheduled for imminent cleansing by the U.N.O.E rejuvenation project, and authorised by the global network consortium. Please remove yourselves to a minimum distance of thirty miles beyond the city limits. I repeat, this area-
“Cleansing?” Barsch asked, as the re-mech repeated its message in the background.
“Molecular disintegration. Controlled, precise, and one hundred percent lethal.”
“Oh…” Barsch replied, suddenly having major doubts about the likelihood of their survival. 
“Carçus City has been designated a priority three blight-zone, however, with the recent widespread storm damage, the priority is now of the highest level. As such, quark deconstruction has been moved up five years, and the full geological and environmental survey has been halted. If you wish to see more information, or lodge a complaint, please visit your nearest U.N.O.E office or secure data uplink. For faster case recognition, please use the reference code 665-CC. Thank you for your time, and have a-
“Wait! We can’t leave, we have to go to the Emdell-Tyson hospital!” Barsch called. The re-mech was only barely taller than him, and was not pointing a chainsword or sonic cannon at his face, so his confidence that understandably boosted. 
“Searching… searching… search complete. The facility known as the Emdell-Tyson has long since fallen into disrepair. The building has, as of this morning, reached critical instability and total collapse has been estimated to begin within just over 9000 seconds. It is now a level-1 danger zone and off limits to anyone without a Level-6 security clearance and a personal permission notice from U.N.O.E headquarters or network command. I have already scanned your persons, and can tell that you have neither. Please vacate the area swiftly.”
“Or what?” Barsch asked, his newfound confidence still roaring through his veins.
“Nothing. I am a non-combat re-mech, and therefore have no ability to enforce my warning, but there are several combat capable re-mech in the near area that I can summon if I deem it necessary. Please don’t make it necessary.”
“If you are not going to try and stop us, then get out of our way,” said Alza, speaking up for the first time. She strode towards the re-mech with a casual gate, but Barsch could tell that she was ready to destroy it if it made the wrong move. For the re-mechs sake, he hoped that it did not. 
The re-mech, is a sign of true wisdom, did not attempt to stop them as they strode past. However, its core programming would not let them go without at least some form of warning. 
Just before the crumbling buildings hid the strange re-mech, it called out to them, saying, “This is knowledge of a level-5 security authorisation: the disintegration is scheduled to begin in 12 600 seconds. Please try and leave the city by this time, or else you will be reduced to your component sub-atomic particles… an act which the U.N.O.E will have no knowledge of, nor will they face any legal reprobation, as stated in the fifteenth official sub-charter. However, if you still refuse to leave… the fastest way to your destination would theoretically be through the relatively undamaged service tunnels that criss-cross the city. The nearest entrance to which may or may not be located four hundred feet due east. That is all, have a nice day… and good luck.”
They left the unusually candid re-mech as they travelled east, searching for any sign of the tunnel entrance. Along the way they saw building after building collapse, which sent several small clouds of dust and debris into the immediate atmosphere, further reducing visibility. Occasionally, they would catch glances of figures moving through the rubble, but their stiff movements and purposeful gaits quickly revealed their mechanical origins. Nevertheless, Kingston made the group stop and wait for each re-mech to pass. He reasoned that not every re-mech would be so… helpful to their quest, and that most if not all of them were probably Erebus’ brethren in terms of weaponry. 
In this manner they proceeded, using up hundreds of their precious seconds. But the seconds were not wasted, for they eventually stumbled upon a road which had caved in, revealing the service tunnel they had been searching for. The bad part was the years of sludge and dirt which had built up into a thick coating which lined the entire tunnel. This combined with the tunnels low height -barely a foot above Barsch’s head- made the entire experience… unpleasant.
The tunnel was wide enough for them to walk side by side -though Alza still preferred to walk several feet ahead- and was lit by dozens of small lights inset into the walls. However, many of the circular light-emitting disks were covered with grime, trapping the light and plunging the already dim tunnel into near darkness. Kingston solved the problem by taking out his solar staff and setting it to dissipate its stored light at a slow pace.
Several minutes into the walk, Barsch was thankful that his twenty-odd years asleep had effectively ridded him of any claustrophobia he might have had; as the tunnel suddenly narrowed. The silence they were travelling in was sadly becoming customary, although this did allow Barsch to gather his thoughts.
“No matter what happens, I will not abandon him. He saved my life when I was nothing more than a stranger, and he’s taught me so much about things I never even knew existed. Maybe I can’t repay him in full, but if need be, I will bleed and burn in his place. I will become a living shield, for him, and for her.” 
*
An hour later -and an hour closer to the deadline- the tunnel abruptly stopped. It ended in the same way it began: a large hole leading to the surface. Barsch was so eager to escape the fetid tunnel that he did not even look to see where it let out, but when he eventually did, he was pleasantly surprised. 
The tunnel let out on one side of a large plaza, and at the other side lay the endpoint of their journey: The Emdell-Tyson General Hospital. The crumbling exterior and gaping hole in the south wing did little to boost Barsch’s confidence, but the building looked mostly intact. And, aside from a few abandoned vehicles and scattered rubble, the way was clear. 
With the exception of the solitary re-mech standing guard outside the main entrance.
It looked unnervingly similar to Erebus, but there were some cosmetic and physical differences. It stood at roughly seven feet tall, with a stylised yellow and black paint job. It was a humanoid model, with long slender limbs that nevertheless looked capable of crushing anything between its massive four-fingered hands. The angular head had apparently been designed to emphasize function over form, evidenced by its almost featureless faceplate. The smooth black metal contained only a slotted speaker grill set below a pair of golden ‘eyes’. It had a faded emblem on its right shoulder, which looked like two slivers of red forming an overlapping ‘V’ but its original shape had been washed away by time. It did not appear to have noticed them, as its eyes were still sweeping the area in a precise fashion. 
Crouching down behind an overturned vehicle, Barsch whispered to Kingston, “What do you think we should do? I doubt that thing will let us enter a building that’s about to collapse.”
“I agree. Well, the way I see it, we have three options. One, destroy it.” 
From the look on Kingston’s face, the old man had no desire to witness another re-mech’s death, “Two, turn around and walk away.” 
Again, Barsch could easily tell that Kingston would never retreat after coming so close, “Or three, try and sneak past it.” 
 Alza, by comparison, had already stopped listening after the first option had been revealed, and was most likely thinking of different combat scenarios. 
“So, obviously one and two are no good,” Kingston said, in a voice loud enough for Alza to overhear, “Which leaves us with three…” 
“Do you think we can pull it off? Aren’t re-mechs supposed to have a ton of sensors to detect… well, everything?”
“That’s true, but they aren’t omniscient. And I have fought alongside models like that before, so I should be able to gauge its ranges fairly well.” 
Barsch had no further questions, and Alza had never had any to begin with; so they left the safety of their cover and followed Kingston into the plaza. The old hermit led them from vehicle to vehicle, constantly peeking over the rusted metal exteriors to check on the ever vigilant re-mech. To Barsch, every sound they made was deafening, and by the time he had accidentally kicked his third rock, his nerves were near-shot. 
It was disconcerting how much better he fared when the obstacle was right in front of him, than when he was forced to sneak around it. Adding to this nervousness was how annoyingly composed his comrades were. Alza had long since perfected the dead-pan look, and Barsch was convinced that he would never see anything else on her pretty face, but even Kingston wore a mask of serenity. It may have been decades since the South Wars, but apparently the old hermit still remembered his training.
After ten tense minutes, they came within reach of the main entrance. The broken glass doors lay only a handful of feet away, and through them lay everything Barsch desired: safety, rest and Kingston’s medicine. 
Time had already felt stretched out, but as they neared their destination, it ground to a halt. Every step took days, and his breaths seemed to last years. The world had become dead quiet, the only sound for miles around was Barsch’s furiously beating heart.
But luck is never fair, and without their knowledge, most of theirs had been used up several days prior. Thus they had only a handful left for the dangerous city, and now even this small amount was gone. 
Of course, the universe could not tell them this directly, so instead it sent a message saying, “Warning. Solar Staff battery levels critical. Please recharge before next usage. End of message.”
Time was still moving at a crawl, giving Barsch’s mind enough time to decode the strange message. It had come from Kingston’s pack, where he knew the old man’s solar staff still lay. The long trip through the tunnels must have drained what little power it had left, and it had decided to tell them this at the worst possible moment. 
A few feet ahead of him, Alza stood frozen, one hand already resting on the door’s steel frame. They had been so close, but they had been foolish, thinking that anything would finally go well for them. Kingston, standing behind Barsch, had turned a pale shade of grey, most likely from the shock of his mistake, which might have doomed them all. Strangely, his right hand was on his chest, above the heart, in a gesture that Barsch did not understand. 
If there was any illusion that the re-mech had not heard them, it was broken the moment a mechanical voice call out, “Humans detected trying to enter level-1 danger zone. Analysing chance of incurring fatal injuries… analysing… analysis complete. Chance is one in three. Activating Straitjacket protocol. Removing humans to nearest level-9 safety zone. Forced removal authorized. Engaging primary and secondary offensive programs. Calibrating bionics sensor. Releasing non-lethal munitions lock. Restricting handling strength to twenty-five percent. Correlating threat levels… threat levels minimal. Engaging all active targets.” 
After announcing its intentions, the re-mech took a step towards Barsch, four-fingered hand reaching for his brittle frame. And while the rest of the world had re-entered the time stream, Barsch felt as if he alone were still frozen. His arms refused to move, and his legs were only kept from buckling by coincidence. The re-mech filled his vision, and he could do nothing but stare down the titan. He was a fool, thinking that a stolen blade and some amateur lumber jacking had made him a warrior. Against a real foe… against a seven-foot tall titan, he was powerless. 
“I knew we should have gone with option one,” said Alza, a few feet away. Unlike Barsch, she was not struck with fear, as that would imply that she could feel fear, an emotion she clearly lacked. The strange look in her eyes suggested that Barsch should immediately get out of her way, but his cowardly legs refused to budge. Instead, she stepped past him, and in that short instant, Barsch caught a sight of her eyes. They were shining from within, as if a supernova had taken place in her mind and now shone out into the world.
“Threat level minimal? I disagree,” she said, whilst extending her right arm towards the confused giant. A wave of déjà vu swept over Barsch as the re-mech was lifted into the air. 
“It’s going to happen again! You have to stop her!” his conscience screamed, but his body was still on strike, and the message never reached his limbs. In the meantime, Alza had lifted the re-mech higher, and its dangling legs were flailing through open air. And although Barsch knew that all re-mechs had emotion engine limiters to prevent them from experiencing true emotions, a very real sense of fear was emanating from the re-mech. 
What happened next did not conform with Barsch’s sense of déjà vu, but it was horrific nonetheless. Instead of throwing the pitiful re-mech, Alza closed her extended hand, forming a fist. In response, the re-mech’s body gave off a loud, metallic scraping noise. Deafened by the horrific sound, Barsch could only watch as Alza began to crush the re-mech. Its long, slender limbs folded unnaturally tight against its thick body, and dozens of small cracks appeared on its breastplate, widening as they spiralled towards its core. There was no more doubt in his heart: the re-mech was terrified beyond all reason. 
In his mind, the coward within him tried to argue that it was only a machine, albeit a machine with simulated emotions and a personality, but a machine all the same. But at that moment, all he could see was the pain in the re-mech’s golden eyes, and hear the sounds of its body being ripped apart. It wasn’t a machine… but Alza would not stop until it was destroyed. Until she had killed it.
 It was this thought that drove him to his feet, despite his fear-frozen limbs. The sight of the re-mech in simulated agony, combined with Alza’s blank expression gave him the courage he needed to act.
“Alza, stop it!” he screamed, before tackling her to the ground. 
They lay there in suspended disbelief: Barsch, eyes shut tight, and Alza, not moving. A heartbeat later, and Barsch realised what he had done, and involuntarily braced himself for her terrible retribution. He had never got in her way before, and in doing so, had he inherited the re-mech’s fate? But as the seconds dragged on, and no punishment materialised, Barsch began to relax. Unfortunately, this period of peace was broken prematurely by a loud crash. The re-mech, no longer held up by Alza, had finally re-acquired the absolute attention of gravity.
Barsch, limbs still attached, had barely begun to register the noise when another was immediately heard. It was Alza, still trapped beneath him, saying, in an impossibly quiet voice, "Fine. I understand. I won't destroy it. Now get off me."
Hearing Alza speak in such a feeble tone -a previously unheard of occurrence- left Barsch temporarily dazed, before he finally managed to collect his wits. He hastily jumped up; offering his hand to Alza in what he hoped was a gentlemanly manner. She ignored the gesture, rising under her own power.
Her face was still blank, but he knew that she was displeased with being interrupted. He was about to apologise when she opened her mouth and said, “Something is wrong.” 
“What do you mean?” he asked, dumbfounded by the unexpectedness of her statement. 
“The old one has been silent for far too long.” 
She was right, Barsch had not heard so much as a whimper out of Kingston since the re-mech had discovered them. In fact, part of his delay in stopping Alza was the assumption that the old man would beat him to it. Immediately, the fear that he had only just lost reappeared, and he began searching the plaza for his missing friend. Less than ten seconds later, he found him, and his blood ran cold.
There, lying face down on the hard cement, still as a corpse, was Kingston.
“KINGSTON!” he screamed, running towards his friend.
But there was no response, no indication at all that the old man was still alive. Skidding to a stop, he knelt beside the lifeless body, trying to remember the first aid lesson his father had given him two and a half decades ago. He felt the tears form as he brought his head to Kingston’s chest, praying to every god he could think of.
Silence. The sound which lasted a lifetime, the beat which brought life, was gone. Kingston’s heart had stopped. 
“No! NO! Kingston! Please, don’t die…” he cried, tears choking his words. The stress of entering the city, weeks without his medicine, and the shock of being discovered… a lethal combination for an old man clinging to life… 
“No! This can’t be happening! Not when we’re so close! Not after all we’ve been through! Dammit Barsch, think! We’ve seen this before, haven’t we? A week ago we were in the exact same situation, except I was the one on the ground. How did I come back?”
“I need electricity…” he whispered, as his memory gave him the answer. 
“Back then, my heart stopped due to the pollution, but the electricity from Kingston’s fence gave me a jump-start. I just need to do the same for him… I just need to restart his heart!”
But Kingston was dying, and the city was massive. He would never find the right equipment in time. If only there were a source of electricity nearby… 
Barsch’s desperate thoughts were interrupted by a glimmer of light, coming from Kingston’s half-open pack. The old man must have been digging through it when his heart stopped. What had he been looking for?
“The same thing that caused his heart attack in the first place: his solar staff.” 
Moments later, he found the traitorous cylinder and removed it from the pack. It was almost ironic, that the device was the only thing that could save Kingston’s life. He quickly exposed Kingston’s muscular chest and placed one end of the retracted staff above his heart. There was no time for thought, no time for second guesses. Whispering another prayer, he slid his hand down the cylinder and pressed one of the concealed buttons, sending over a thousand volts into Kingston’s limp body.
Or at least, that’s what should have happened. In reality, the staff gave a feeble whirr and produced a few sparks, which dissipated almost immediately. A second later, the same message which had brought calamity was replayed.
“Warning. Solar Staff battery levels critical. Please recharge before next usage. End of message.” 
In his haste, Barsch had forgotten the depleted battery, and with it empty, Kingston’s last hope was gone.
“Damn it! This should have worked!” he cried, feeling his earlier hopelessness return.
“Here,” came Alza’s detached voice. She too had been forgotten during the commotion, and was now standing by his side, a familiar object clutched in her hand. It was the silver bracelet that Kingston had given her, all those days ago. “I believe that this has some sort of charge. You may use it.” 
Perplexed, he took it from her, feeling its surprising weight for its small size. Now that he held it, he could tell that it was not a simple piece of jewellery. This was confirmed when he turned it over, and read the small inscription on the inner band.
“MARK XI ANTI-PERSONNEL FIELD GENERATOR. HANDLE WITH CARE.” At that moment, he wanted to laugh out loud. Despite all of Kingston’s reservations about Alza, he had always had her safety in mind, from the very beginning. And from what his father had told him about the device in his hand, it would have more than enough power to save Kingston. All he needed to do was get that power to the old man’s heart…
Luckily, while he was staring at the bracelet, a flash of inspiration came to him. He looped the metallic bracelet around one end of the solar staff, and then said, “Activate Mark XI Anti-Personnel Field Generator and conform to nearest shape.” A half-second later, the voice activated bangle complied with his request, shrinking down until it was tightly wrapped around the foot-long cylinder. He had no idea if what he was trying was even possible, or if it could back-fire and kill him, but at that point he no longer cared. His friend was dying, and he would do anything to save him.
“Mark XI Anti-Personnel Field Generator, set field intensity to maximum and direct all output into nearest conductive surface. Disable all safety protocols and feedback loop inhibitors.” There was nothing left to do, except hold the solar staff firm against Kingston’s chest and scream, “Discharge!” 
This time, everything happened at once. Burning pain spread up Barsch’s arms as the bracelet powered up and sent several thousand volts into the surrounding atmosphere. Most of the electricity flowed into the staff and was channelled to Kingston, but several large sparks sunk into Barsch’s exposed flesh. Other, smaller sparks arced away and sought out conductors in the environment. The pain rose as more of the charge was emitted, and Barsch could feel the skin on his arms burn, but he refused to let go. Kingston was still immobile, and he would hold on, even if it killed him.
Seconds passed, feeling like hours, and it took everything he had to keep holding on. His mind was on fire, which mirrored the several small fires that had broken out on his clothing. He was dimly aware of Alza crouching nearby, safe from the erratic sparks. 
“Through… fire… through fire… the world is on fire! Please, just let it end!”
The pain was too much. His vision was growing dim. With a cry of frustration, Barsch let go, and the agony at last came to an end. 
*
Time passed, although Barsch had no idea how much. He sat there, eyes shut from the pain, too afraid to open them and see the truth. The world was silent, except for a small, familiar noise that was growing louder by the second.
Kingston was coughing, and for the first time, Barsch was glad. He snapped his eyes open and was greeted by the most glorious sight he had ever seen. Kingston was lying on his back, hands clasped to his chest, but he was alive. The old man’s eyes were boring into Barsch’s with a look of confusion.
“Ba- Barsch?” 
“Kingston! Can you hear me?” asked Barsch, relief flooding his mind.
Kingston slowly sat up, a grimace of pain and effort on his face. He seemed to be fine, with the exception of the perfect circle of burnt flesh above his heart. “What happened?” he asked, when Barsch reached out to steady him.
“You had a heart attack when the re-mech spotted us, and I used your staff as an emergency defibrillator.”
“You did? Ingenious! I didn’t even know it could be used like that!” exclaimed Kingston as Barsch helped him to his feet. The old man should have been given strict bed rest, but they only had a few hours before everything around them was vaporised, so some medical guidelines were ignored out of necessity. 
“Oh… you didn’t?” 
“Of course not! Why it would be suicidal to try and handle that much electricity, much less try and control it. The backlash alone would probably kill the user!” 
“Maybe I should have taken a minute to think everything through…” 
While Kingston gathered his things, Barsch looked at his hands, and was strangely unsurprised to see them completely unharmed. One day he would find out the truth of his resilience, but that day still lay in the far future.
“How do you feel?” he asked instead.
“Fine, fine! Bit of pain in my chest, but that’s to be expected. But considering what happened, I feel remarkably well. Guess someone up there must have been looking out for us, eh?” 
“Yeah…”
Alza chose that moment to approach them, her hand outstretched. It took a few seconds for Barsch to realise what she wanted. When he did, he reached down and picked up the spent bracelet, which had come loose during the commotion. Although his engineering background consisted entirely of his father’s occasional lessons, he could tell that the field generator was broken beyond repair. However, in a strange occurrence of sentimentality, Alza took the useless bracelet anyway.
He was about to ask why, when a horrifying noise broke through the semi-silence. The damaged re-mech, ignored due to more pressing matters, was showing signs of life. Its golden eyes were slowly brightening, and a diagnostic voice was sprouting a seemingly meaningless string of letters and numbers.
“H-1-25-D-5-N.9-S.A-W-5-19-15-M-5… Reboot code confirmed. Attempting to restore revitalization mechatron number 76654-B, model type ARK-13, to full capacity. Error. Severe damage detected in central processing unit and artificial intelligence limiters. Power level… fifteen percent. Damage to outer shell detected… hull thirty-five percent compromised. Reactor status… non-critical. Memory circuits damaged, partial recovery successful. Disabling all weapon protocols and non-essential systems.”
Should they flee? The hospital doors were close enough, but the re-mech lay before them. If it awoke before they made it past… 
“Engaging safe mode. Attempting to maximise power transference to core systems. Attempt successful. Attempting to restore system to functional levels. Attempt successful. Beginning boot sequence. Error. Primary A.I is offline, switching to back-up A.I, codenamed Maloch.” 
“Maloch? Interesting name for a re-mech…” a small piece of Barsch’s mind thought unnoticed.
“Powering up basic systems. Setting emotion engine to emulate base paradigms and locking higher level emotions… error… error. Emotion engine functioning outside of parameters… major anomalies detected… Engaging emotion engine emergency shut-down… success. Activating vocal pattern generator… success. Activating auditory and infrared sensory array… success. Activating ocular systems… success. All sub-systems active. Activating simulated consciousness program in three, two, one…”
With the speed of a lumbering bear awakening from its winter hibernation, the re-mech awoke. At first, it appeared to be disorientated, turning its head from side to side, most likely in an attempt to scan the environment. The moment it awoke, Alza took a step towards it, arm outstretched. He had interrupted her attack once, would she tolerate a second attempt?
“Alza, please wait,” he said, in what he hoped was a calm and reasonable voice.
A few tense seconds later she replied, “Very well. But if it attacks, then so do I.”
“Understood.” 
Barsch moved cautiously towards the downed re-mech, one hand resting on Lanista’s hilt. “Um, hello? Can you hear me?”
The re-mech took a second to respond, and when it did so, there was no trace of malice in its simulated voice, “My auditory input receptors are functioning at one hundred percent, unknown human male. Might I ask for your identification codes so that I might log them into my database?”
“Identification code? I guess he means our names? Well, my name is Barsch La Tergan, and this is Kingston and Alza. Um, and what is your… identification code?”
“Logging one Barsch La Tergan, one Kingston, and one Alza into my database. I am U.N.O.E Revitalization Mechatron number 76654-B, currently using the A.I. known as Maloch.”
“Oh, um, I guess we’ll just call you Maloch then? Anyway, are you okay? You had quite a… fall back there.”
“Error. Attempting to access short-term memory banks results in failure due to damaged processing units. I am sorry, but I am unable to recall the incident that you mentioned.”
“Well, that’s probably for the best. Do you think that you are well enough to stand?” 
“My internal sensors tell me that my distal servomotors are still fully functional. Sending motor pattern commands… now.” 
Maloch quickly stood, with a speed that surprised Barsch, given how much damage Alza had inflicted only minutes before. But the re-mech seemed steady enough, which meant that it could get out of the city in time.
“Maloch, you might not remember this, but the city we’re in is due to be destroyed in less than two hours. So if you don’t want to be destroyed, I suggest that you leave now.” 
“Error, I cannot comply with that command. My primary directive is the safeguarding of any and all human life. I am unable to simply walk away and leave three humans in a level-1 danger zone.”
“Well, unfortunately we can’t leave just yet. We have to go inside and find something very important, do you understand?”
“Affirmative. Very well, I will accompany you for as long as you desire, to insure that no harm befalls you. Is that satisfactory?”
“Finally, a re-mech who actually wants to help!” exclaimed Kingston, with a grin on his face.
“Thank you Maloch, any assistance would be greatly appreciated,” said Barsch. He could understand Kingston’s feelings; after everything else they had encountered, having a re-mech on their side sounded wonderful. 
“Very well, Master Barsch. I hope you don’t mind, but I have taken the liberty of downloading the complete floor-plan for this building from the local city database. I hope this pleases you.”
“It does, Maloch, it certainly does.” Barsch said, grateful that their search time had just been halved. “We’re looking for the pharmacy or drug repository, can you find them for us?” 
“Searching… searching… search complete. All drugs are stored in a central vault, located on the eighth floor in the west wing. I have already created the fastest route, would you like me to execute?”
“Please, Maloch, lead on.”
*
They followed Maloch inside, not stopping to consider how insane it was to trust him so quickly. But the reborn re-mech led them into no traps or ambushes, and, on Kingston’s request, he did not communicate with any of the re-mech in the city. 
The hospital’s lobby had once been a grand place, made with copious amounts of marble and leather, and looked more like the entrance to a fancy hotel than a place of healing. But time, war and a hypercane had reduced the lobby to a shallow image of its former self. Rubble and dust lined every walkway, and the only light source was a broken chandelier far above, which cast a flickering light on the odd group below. 
In addition to the damage, the group saw several signs of wartime protocols. Beds were everywhere, and the pearly marble had long since been stained red. Barsch could almost see it: the chaos as the city fell and panic rose. But only ghosts now roamed these halls, and the survivors, if there had been any, were now safely tucked away in the cryogenic stations.
“Where I should be…”
 The thought was rebellious and unwanted, but Barsch could not deny the part of him which wished for all of this to be a dream. Soon, it said, he would wake up, and the world would be perfect. His father would be standing there, waiting with open arms for his prodigal son, and together they would see the new world. 
“It’s not too late. I can still see that future, together with Alza and Kingston.”
Unfortunately, the elevators had been dead for years, and the entrance to the west wing was blocked by rubble from a collapsed ceiling. Therefore, the only option was to go through the east wing, climb up to the sixth floor and cross a sky bridge to the west wing. 
They headed past reception and soon found the east wing entrance, which was mercifully free of debris. The way through was long and arduous, due to having to constantly find alternate routes to avoid unstable areas and collapsed rooms. The peeling paint and upturned furniture only added to the sense of foreboding that had gripped Barsch since they entered the hospital. After coming across a room full of crumbling skeletons, the feeling became almost palpable, and he started imagining all of the things which could go wrong. 
When they eventually arrived at the east wing stairwell, they were pleasantly surprised to see it undamaged. From there, it took only a few minutes to ascend to the sixth floor. Unfortunately, that is where their bad luck once more surfaced. The entire floor was unstable, and many parts of it had collapsed, offering glimpses of the floors below. They were forced to tip-toe around massive holes, using the thin pieces of remaining floor space to move around. Their chances of finding an intact sky bridge, the only thing connecting the east and west wings, were dwindling by the seconds.
A few minutes later, their chances were cemented by reality, causing Kingston to mutter, “Oh bugger…” when he at last saw the sky bridge. 
It was still there, but just barely. Large sections of the elevated bridge had fallen away to the hard concrete far below, leaving small, unconnected islands of flooring as the only viable path. A thin metal railing running along one side of the bridge was the only completely intact structure, and if one were insane enough, it would be possible to leap from island to island whilst using the rail for stability. 
“What now? Should we try and cross?” asked Barsch, rather hoping that someone would say no.
“The bridge does appear to be extremely unstable. The slightest change in weight could be enough to collapse the entire structure. Taking into account our combined weight, I estimate the chance of all four of us making it across to be less than one in fifteen hundred. I would recommend retreating from this location as fast as possible.”
“Are you sure? I mean, it doesn’t look that unstable,” said Barsch, once again hoping that the re-mech would refute him.
“The chance of failure increases exponentially with every crossing. The first person would have odds of one in fifty, followed by one in three hundred and so on. If it is absolutely necessary that you cross here, the order of crossing should take into account physiology and importance.”
Barsch was about to answer that they could always go back and try and clear the west wing’s entrance -which he doubted would work- when he saw Kingston’s face. The hermit was on the verge of giving up, and something told him that if they turned around now, then Kingston would never make it home. He had been selfish out of fear, but now it was time to think of his friend’s wellbeing, instead of his own.
“I think we should try,” he announced, “And I think Kingston and Alza should go first.”
The look he received from Kingston was nothing short of incredulity, but Barsch could tell that the old man had been hoping that someone would speak up. It was difficult to ask others to risk their lives for a selfish request, but it was easy when they themselves volunteered. 
“No! There must be another way! It’s too dangerous!” shouted Kingston, but Barsch would not be swayed.
“It’s no more dangerous than anything else we’ve done so far. And Maloch did say that we should consider the order based on physiology and importance. You’re weak from the disease, and Alza is faster and probably stronger than me. If anything happens, she’ll be more useful to have around.”
“But…”
“Don’t worry, Maloch and I will be right behind you. Now go, before the building collapses and all of this becomes pointless!” 
“Humph! You're just as insane as... never mind… Fine, I'll go along with this little plan of yours, but only because I know that trying to talk you out of it would take all night! But if you think that the bridge is close to collapse, I want you to turn around and get out of here.” 
Kingston then looked at Maloch and said, “And if he refuses to go, you have my full authorisation to carry him, kicking and screaming, all the way back to Genesis Station 13, understand?”
“Affirmative. If I perceive that the situation has become too dangerous, I will escort Master Barsch to the requested location.”
“Good. Now let’s do this, before I change my mind!” 
With that, Alza and Kingston made their way to the start of the sky bridge. Coming closer, Barsch could see that it was barely hanging on by a thread. The bridge spanned the two hundred foot gap between the two wings, and was completely enclosed by glass, with the exception of a sturdy cement floor. However, this floor was now missing several large sections, and most of the glass encasing the bridge was either missing or broken. To make matters worse, halfway along the bridge the entire floor section had fallen through, leaving a ten foot span of empty air. Only the railing bridged the gap, and during the crossing, it would be the only thing keeping Kingston from falling to his death.
Soon, Alza and Kingston had left the relative safety of the east wing and were starting to cross the unstable sky bridge. Alza led the duo, one hand glued to the railing. When they reached the first island, Alza used her pack to test if the floor segments could hold her weight. Moving slowly and cautiously, it took them several minutes to reach the midpoint. While Alza tested the railing, Kingston called out to Barsch and indicated which sections of the bridge were weaker than others. Once Alza was satisfied with the railings structural integrity, she began to shimmy across, motioning for Kingston to follow once she made it to the other side.
As they crossed, the metal began to groan from the sudden strain, and several flecks of concrete broke away to join their comrades in the plaza below. But the railing held fast, and the duo were moving with a good pace. Although it was obvious that Kingston was struggling with the physically taxing exercise, given that he had only minutes before recovered from a heart attack, the old man was keeping up with Alza. 
With the last remnants of his energy, Kingston swung his overtaxed body upwards, catching hold of a secure piece of flooring. Grunting with exertion, he then pulled himself up, panting and wheezing as he stood on unsteady legs. They had crossed the gap, and only a short walk across mostly secure floor remained. 
“Whenever you’re ready, m’boy! Don’t rush it, take your time!” Kingston called out, after he had regained his breath. Alza had already moved on, but the old man was resolute to watch Barsch’s crossing.
“Maloch, let’s go,” he said, praying the bridge would hold.
“As you wish, Master Barsch.”
They followed Kingston and Alza’s path perfectly, making note of where the crumbling structure seemed less secure. A few feet in, Barsch noticed the difference. More and more metal and concrete flakes were falling from the bridge, and the groaning sound was increasing in tempo with their steps. It seemed that Kingston and Alza’s passage had not gone unnoticed.
Barsch watched as two of the larger segments detached themselves from the sky bridge. They were the ones Kingston had pointed out as most secure. Maloch had been right, the chances of the entire walkway collapsing were rising by the second.
Soon after, Barsch noticed another problem, as if he didn’t have enough already: the bridge had been designed for humans, not seven foot tall re-mechs. Maloch was forced to crouch down and hop from island to island, shaking pieces loose with every jolt. At that point, Barsch was truly regretting making the re-mech go first. But he owed it to Maloch, for they had not only damaged him, they had then forced him to follow them into even more danger. 
“Listen to me, I sound just like a Freedman rebel!” he thought, chuckling as he did so.
A moment later, he absentmindedly stepped on a piece of loose flooring and had to jump back awkwardly. After that, he wasted no more effort on random thoughts. Additionally, Barsch took to stepping only where Maloch had stood, reasoning that anything that could support the re-mech’s great weight could support him with ease. 
In this manner they moved across the broken sky bridge, eventually arriving at the terrifying gap. It was time to find out if the thin railing could bear Maloch’s weight, or if it would simply snap and strand them both in the east wing. 
The increasingly loud groaning sound told Barsch that they did not have the time to take things slow and steady, so he and Maloch quickly got into position. The re-mech placed one four fingered hand on the railing, while he edged out over the abyss. Barsch had just enough time to whisper a quick prayer before the re-mech rocked forward and dropped from the edge. He hung there, both hands gripping the railing tight enough for small cracks to appear in the metal. Seconds later he started move, using the same hand over hand method as Kingston and Alza. Despite the high odds of failure, the re-mech was moving swiftly along the tortured metal.
A few tense minutes later, the re-mech mirrored Kingston’s earlier action and raised himself to the semi-solid ground above. Three out of four had made it across without incident… maybe Maloch had been wrong? 
“Of course he was! This building has been here for decades, and this sky bridge was built during the quantum age! I’m sure that it’ll take a bit more than three humans and a re-mech to bring it down! Why, I could probably run across it without so much as a tremor!” 
Barsch’s confidence grew as his mind came up with a hundred and one reasons for the bridge to hold his weight. The fact that he had just witnessed a re-mech cross a ten foot gap by hanging onto a thin strip of metal only bolstered his confidence more. 
And so, with a head full of false reassurances, Barsch gripped the railing and kicked off from the edge. Almost immediately, pain started shooting through his arms, and he remembered how hard his trip along the cliffside had been. That, along with the now deafening sounds coming from the weakened metal, shattered his nascent overconfidence, and real fear invaded his mind.
“You can do it, m’boy!” shouted Kingston from an unseen location.
The hermit was right. He could do it! He had gone from overconfidence to despair in a matter of seconds, and now sat somewhere in between. The next few minutes were spent in silent concentration, as he focused on keeping his hands wrapped tightly around the groaning railing. 
He was almost there. He was going to make it! 
The smile on his face that he gained from the realisations must have looked like an impudent sneer to Fate, for as he reached out to grab hold of the ledge, the world collapsed. In slow motion, the railing detached itself from the sky bridge, before the section he was gripping was sheared free from the rest. He could only stare in incredulity as his safeguard came away in his hand. Tossing away the useless piece of metal, Barsch looked up, into the glowing, golden eyes of an angel.
The abyss beckoned to him, and with gravity as his invitation, Barsch hurried to meet his maker. Far below, but not as far as it would be in a few seconds, the plaza waited for him with open arms. Maloch had been right, but that no longer mattered. 
“Kingston is safe, and he will soon have his medicine. And with both Alza and Maloch by his side, I have no doubt that he will be able to escape the city in time. Father… I did not fail my friends, are you proud of me now?” was his last thought, as he was swallowed by the darkness.
*
“Um, okay, this is weird…” was his thought-after-his-last. He opened his eyes and was surprised to see the same crumbling concrete floor that he had last seen only moments ago. To his fear-addled brain, a dozen possibilities rushed into his brain, each one more outrageous and unlikely than the last.
“Maybe gravity turned off just for me? Or I awakened my long lost ability to fly? Or there is a force field beneath the sky bridge for times like this?”
Still confused, he finally glanced up, and saw that his arm had disappeared into a strange metal cage. But no, it wasn’t a cage, it was Maloch’s hand, gripped tightly around his own.
“Or maybe Maloch managed to grab me before I fell. I’m an idiot…” 
Maloch did not seem to care what Barsch thought of himself as he lifted the youth clear of the gap. With barely any effort, Maloch hauled him towards Kingston, who was wearing a look of frozen horror.
“That was some scare m’boy! Are you trying to give an old man two heart attacks in one day?” Kingston’s voice was light and controlled, but his shaking hands and sweaty brow told Barsch just how fearful the old man had been. 
Unfortunately, they did not have any time to banter, as a loud, piercing sound filled the air. Barsch rolled onto his side just in time to see the eastern portion of the bridge fall from the sky, taking a large chunk from the east wing with it. This apparently was the breaking point for the entire building, as it followed the bridge a few seconds later. For the next several seconds, the sound of building hitting plaza filled the air, and then it was gone… along with the east wing. 
“Not a moment too soon, eh? Said Kingston, after the thunderous noise had finally died down. 
“Yeah…” replied Barsch. A combination of shock and relief kept him silent for the rest of the trip across the remaining portion of the bridge. When they at last made it to safety, Alza was waiting for them. Maloch, arriving a heartbeat later, quickly scanned each member of the group and affirmed their well-being. After he was satisfied that none of them had broken any bones or ruptured any organs, he motioned for them to follow him. 
With nowhere else to go, they did so, and soon reached the west wing stairwell. Two flights later, and they had made it to the eighth floor. If fate smiled on them, Kingston’s medicine would soon be found, and their journey would be finally over. 
At least, that was what was supposed to happen…
*
“Pharmacy Storage, this is the place,” said Kingston, staring at the sign above the set of glass doors. Maloch’s directions had been spot on, and they had reached the room without incident. The vault was located in the middle of the eighth floor, near the elevator banks. It was a small room, filled with labelled and locked drawers which held every kind of drug imaginable. As soon as they entered, Kingston made his way over to the section marked “K-N” and started breaking open the drawers.
“Finally!” shouted Kingston, as he held up a bag filled with blue and white bottles. Barsch could just barely make out the label, which read “Methotrexate, 15g, take 2 pills daily.” After everything they had gone through, the medicine was actually remarkably plain. A small part of Barsch could not help but feel a sense of disappointment that their entire reason for staying together had just vanished into thin air. 
Given that he had all of the necessary equipment and ingredients, Kingston had decided to create the medicine in the adjacent laboratory. Barsch went with him to provide assistance, while Alza disappeared and Maloch stood guard outside the room. 
The old man worked with practiced efficiency, and Barsch could barely follow his hurried explanations of the dozens of simultaneous processes. The former scientist used a combination of his own home-grown plants, the medicine taken from Proxa 09 and the Methotrexate to recreate the dark blue liquid that Barsch had first seen in the hut. After taking a long draught from the mixing bowl, a contented smile spread across Kingston’s face. 
Barsch knew that the effects would not be instantaneous, but he still thought that he could see some colour return to the old man’s face, and his breathing seemed easier. With his death momentarily put off, Kingston distributed the rest of the mixture into twelve small vials, which would hopefully last several months. 
“Ah, much better!” exclaimed Kingston, as he placed the liquid filled vials carefully in his pack. 
“Now, how about we get out of this god forsaken city?”
“I am sorry to interrupt, Master Kingston, but I think we may have a problem.” 
“It just never ends, does it?” thought Barsch, following his mentor-by-proxy out of the room.
“While you were busy, I decided to run a structural scan of the building. It appears as though the collapse of the east wing was only the beginning. The supports for the west wing are quickly deteriorating, and I estimate that we have only minutes before this building falls.”
“Well, that’s… not good. Do you think you could try and search for any routes out of here? Maybe a fire escape or linen chute?” asked Kingston, frowning.
“I have already taken the liberty to investigate alternate routes of descent, and have found one that boasts a sixty-eight percent chance of success. However, I do not think that you will like it…”
“What? Why not!”  
 “Well, given the time constraints and speed required, I believe that using the abandoned elevator shafts would allow a quick descent to the ground floor. But the plan is risky, and there are still hundreds of radical factors which could cause catastrophic and fatal results. I can continue searching for other routes, but I have very low expectations for success. What do you wish to do?”
Barsch glanced over to Kingston's hunched figure. It was obvious that the old man was contemplating the idea, and most likely trying to think up a few more. The plan was by no means desirable, but it seemed like it could be the fastest way out of the hospital, and time was not something they had in excess.
Kingston opened his mouth to give his reply, but whatever it would have been was drowned out by a sudden deafening wail. The siren lasted for a few seconds, and then stopped for a few more, before repeating itself. This went on for about a minute, during which Barsch and Kingston had their fingers in their ears for the majority of the time.
“This is troubling. That was the final warning for the evacuation. If my partially restored memory is correct, then we have less than thirty minutes remaining until detonation of the Quark Deconstruction bomb.”
“Okay Maloch, it looks like we just lost the luxury of choice. We will follow your decision, whatever it may be.”
It was odd that a re-mech was given the deciding voice on a plan that could kill them all, but Kingston was an oddity all on his own. And besides, he had watched the re-mech save Barsch only minutes ago, and his knowledge of the city was unparalleled…
“Very well. Please follow me in an orderly fashion.”
Maloch led them to the previously ignored elevators and began prying them open one by one. Most had been blocked by rubble or dead elevator cars, but one was free from all obstructions. Alza appeared a few seconds later, giving no reason or explanation for her disappearance. Whatever secrets she held, they could wait until they were in a city that wasn’t about to explode. 
Ignoring Alza for the moment, Barsch went and peered into the dark abyss that lined the elevator shaft. If nothing slowed their fall, it would be a very short -and very terminal- journey to the ground floor. On a whim, he picked up a piece of fallen masonry and dropped it into the hole. Only after the soft plink of the stone hitting rock bottom did he turn away, noticeably paler. 
Barsch returned just in time to hear Maloch explain his plan, “It is a simple matter. We will slide down the elevator cables using my hardened chassis as a make-shift elevator car. Naturally I have already calculated our maximum speed and I will slow us down accordingly. Assuming we allow for air resistance and friction, I believe that we should reach the ground floor in roughly ten seconds. Is that satisfactory?”
“Eight floors in ten seconds? That sounds kind of… fast…” said Barsch, understandably wary about throwing himself back into the abyss so soon.  
“Indeed, but if anything should go wrong, my body will absorb the majority of the impact. Barring any unknowable interferences, the plan should work perfectly.”
 “The plan should work perfectly. I’ve heard that before, and how many times do we have to barely avoid death before the gods grow bored of us?” 
In reality, what he said was, “I’m ready, what about you, Kingston?”  
“I think that this is incredibly dangerous, but we don’t really have a lot of options. And if Maloch says that it will be fine, then I will take his word for it.” 
Then, turning to Alza, he added, “What about you? Do you have any objections?”
“None.” Alza didn’t even blink. Was she fearless, or did she not care if she lived or died? 
“Um, good… I guess?” 
Maloch had obviously taken their lack of objections as approval, and he had already reached out and grabbed hold of two thick cables which hung in the centre of the shaft. They were attached to the car below, which theoretically meant that they should be stable, but Barsch had always found that practical and theory meant two very different things. 
The re-mech then leant forward, instructing the reluctant group to grab hold of his broad shoulders and hang on. Maloch then let his body drop slightly, so that it was parallel to the extremely hard ground that was eagerly looking forward to meeting them. Once everyone was seated firmly on Maloch’s back, he loosened his hold on the steel cable, whilst pressing his feet against the shaft wall. Although they immediately started speeding up, Maloch controlled their descent with perfect precision, using his hands and feet as make-shift brakes. 
“Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six,” Barsch counted, hoping that measuring the time would somehow hasten their descent. His counting was put off somewhat by the rushing air which steamed past his face and blinded his eyes. They were going faster by the second, and Barsch could dimly feel Maloch’s increasingly forceful efforts at keeping them steady. 
“Five. Four. Thr- A sudden jolt made Barsch open his eyes. Directly ahead, Maloch’s outstretched hands were still wrapped tightly around the cables, but that was where the good news ended. The cables were still intact and fine in every way, save for one: they were no longer attached to the ceiling. Without the cable to slow them down, gravity reigned supreme, and Barsch could feel his body approach terminal velocity. 
Luckily, they were only two floors from the ground, so they did have time to gain too much speed. Unluckily, they were still two floors from the ground, which was not known for its softness. Less than two seconds after the cables sheared, they hit the ground, travelling in excess of fifty miles per hour. 
Barsch only had time for one last thought before the impact threw him clear of the only thing between him and the ground. “I hate it when I’m right…”
*
Time passed, although how much exactly was anyone’s guess. 
Alza opened her eyes and felt a brief pang of pain, which faded the moment she concentrated on it. She looked down, and noticed that she had not suffered so much as a bruise, despite recent events. But she was not about to lose sleep on not having injuries, so instead she stood up and took in her surroundings. 
They were at the bottom of the elevator shaft, in an oblong space about fifty feet long and ten feet wide. They had landed beside the elevator car, narrowly avoiding being slammed into steel and falling onto damp concrete instead. Judging from his moans of pain, Kingston was nearby, although it was hard to tell given the pitch blackness of their surroundings. 
If she had been a normal girl, perhaps she would have sat there, calling out for help, or maybe searching desperately for her companions. But Alza was Alza, and there was no one like her. 
So, what she did first was walk around the area assessing it for potential threats or escape routes, of which she found none of the former and only one of the latter. Set in the far wall was a small service door, which had rusted shut from decades of run-off. 
From there, it became clear that she would need assistance if she wanted to leave, and only then did she seek out her ‘comrades’. Kingston and Maloch were found first, the old man still firmly attached to the re-mech’s back. Unlike Alza, they had not come away unscratched. Kingston bore a nasty wound to his head, and a scarlet trail had already formed from temple to cheek. Maloch, on the other hand, seemed to have borne most of the damage. His breastplate, already cracked from Alza’s attack, was now dented in several places, and exposed circuitry bled dozens of sparks into the cold floor. 
There was nothing Alza could do for them, except wait, so she decided to seek out Barsch in the meantime. Several seconds later she found him, pinned to one of the elevator cars by sheer force. The metal had buckled upon his impact, forming a metallic cradle which had left a long, deep gash down his right arm. He also bore injuries to his face, including a cut over his left eye which had mostly likely cost him part of his sight. Out of the four of them, he had suffered the most, and in his current condition, it was doubtful he would make it out of the city.
Without really knowing what she was about to do, Alza approached the stricken teen, as the darkness was breached by a small violet light…
*
A few minutes later, Maloch’s voice rang out, breaking the silence.
“Error. Error. System damage has reached forty-five percent. Outer hull has cracked and secondary circuits are exposed. Memory core intact but persistent blank areas detected. Running internal diagnostic… running… diagnostic complete. Internal systems are all working on minimum levels, but several are in the process of failing. Power levels have fallen to seven percent… remaining time until complete shut-down… one hour. Diverting power from all secondary systems… error… error… emotion engine refusing to shut-down. Attempting to bypass fixed personality generator and morality matrix… unsuccessful. Anomalies within emotion engine creating unsanctioned thoughts. Performing emergency shut-down of all higher order functions. Limiting all input to audio-visual. Activating reflex and command structures. System approaching stable levels. Booting to back-up and engaging external sensors in three, two, one.”
The-mech slowly awoke, gazing at his new surroundings with a priority list not dissimilar to Alza’s. However, unlike Alza, Maloch instantly took note of Kingston and gently lifted the old man out of the way. After scanning his master for injuries, Maloch retrieved a ream of bandages from a nearby pack and saw to Kingston’s injury, which was thankfully limited to his head. Once he was sure that Kingston’s life was not in immediate danger, Maloch scanned the rest of the room. With his night-vision, he was able to quickly locate Barsch, lying on the concrete several feet away.
The youth bore no obvious injuries, although a nearby pool of blood did present a rather puzzling conundrum that Maloch chose to ignore. He knelt next to Barsch and began checking him for any hidden wounds, but found nothing but unmarked skin. Had the re-mech been human, he might have wondered how the youth had survived the fall without a scratch, or praised the gods for the miracle before him. But Maloch was a machine, and his prime directive was to ensure that his masters were kept safe. 
“Master Barsch, can you hear me?” 
“…Maloch?” Barsch said, slowly getting to his feet. His head ached, and the entire left side of his vision was blurry, but he seemed alright. Behind him was a strange sight: part of the elevator car had exploded outward, leaving black scorch marks around the partially melted metal. 
“Affirmative. How do you feel?”
“I’m fine… how are the others?” The space they were in was almost pitch black, but Maloch had activated a set of lights set into his chest which provided some illumination. 
“Master Kingston received a minor cut to his head, which I have treated, while Mistress Alza is-
“Here.” 
Alza walked towards them with a slow gait, and she seemed to have tired herself out somehow. She looked uninjured, but Barsch had expected nothing less from their mystery girl. Still, she had not run off, so perhaps she was growing fond of them? 
“This way, I need you to open something for me,” she said, ruining Barsch’s hope.
“Or perhaps she really is just staying because we could be useful to her…”
After Maloch collected Kingston, who had yet to regain consciousness, they followed Alza to the iron-tight door. However, the exit had been designed with human strength in mind, and took exactly two re-mech punches to crumble into dust. 
“Maloch, do you know how many minutes we have left?” Barsch asked, after they emerged into the small alleyway beyond the broken door. 
“I am sorry, Master Barsch, but I have not yet recalibrated my temporal counter. Although I do not think we were out for very long.”
“Do you think that there is enough time to escape the city?”
“Let me see. Calculating all possible escape routes, factoring all available resources and maximum travel speed… calculating… calculation complete. Chances of escaping the city without transport… seventeen million to one. Chances of escaping the city with transport… one hundred thousand to one.”
“So it’s almost impossible unless we can find a working vehicle? I saw a lot of cars on the road, and there might be a few boats still floating by the port? What do you say?”
“I am afraid that neither of those options will provide sufficient speed. If we wish to escape the city in time, then the only path left to us is… by air.”
“Okay, but I didn’t see any airfields? And even if we find one, I doubt the runways would have survived the war.”
“Correct, but while I was digging through the city-wide database I discovered the location of an underground hangar. It seems as though it was designed as an emergency escape facility for the city’s V.I.Ps. It is not far from here. Do you wish for me to plot a course?”
There was only one answer. 
“Do it,” said Barsch.
*
Maloch quickly led them out of the alleyway and into a side road. Behind them, the hospital gave off a death wail, as another large section fell away amid a cloud of dust and smoke. The scene was repeating itself all across the city, as skyscrapers became groundscrapers and businesses closed down forever. Soon a thick cloud of debris had settled over the dying city, obscuring the scenes of devastation and leaving only the sounds of destruction. 
Throwing caution to the dust-laden wind, they ran through the broken streets at full speed. Maloch ran in front, leading them through decomposing parks and residential districts at a blurring pace. Overhead, the afternoon sun drenched the city in tones of red and violet, further hampering visibility. 
At that moment, Barsch could not decide if it would be better or worse to know just how much time remained. If he knew, perhaps he could coax his exhausted body to go just a little bit faster. If he did not, then at least he would be vaporised without warning, and spared the associated pain and despair of knowing that his life was about to end.
Several agonising minutes after they left the hospital, a siren began to wail. It was the final countdown, left behind by the departed re-mech for the ghosts to hear. Ahead, the streets had become cluttered with rubble, and progress was measured in inches. It was as if the city was enraged by their attempts to leave, and so was doing everything it could to stop them. 
But the vengeful city could not compete with Maloch’s encyclopaedic knowledge, and he led them through shortcuts and by-ways without ever slowing or showing hesitation. When he did finally come to a rest, it was because they had reached their destination. It was a simple thing, a thick, steel door located in a nondescript dead-end, with the words, “KEEP OUT!” cut into the metal. It had been designed to be ignored by the panicking common masses, and only the dignitaries and city leaders would know if for what it was: an escape route. 
As they approached, Barsch saw that there was a small computer console beside the door, and worried that hacking it would take more time than they had. But Maloch appeared to understand this, and ignored it, choosing to instead focus on bringing his full might against the reinforced door. Again displaying a level of power Barsch would normally associate with a tank, the re-mech quickly reduced the door to a pile of scrap metal.
Past the vaporised door was a stairwell lit by several orange and red spheres attached to the metal bannisters, which made the entire structure look like a path to the underworld. But time was running down, and Barsch thought it counter-productive to point this out. Mercifully, the incessant wail of the siren was brought down to a barely perceptible whine by the thick concrete walls. 
Another small mercy was Kingston returning to consciousness as they descended the tall stairwell. The old man was not yet in any condition to talk, but it brought Barsch no small measure of relief to see his friend awake and semi-alert. 
*
Eventually, they reached the bottom of the stairs, and found themselves in a gigantic, dimly-lit hangar filled with rusted planes. Nearby, a central flight controller rose from the grey floor. It was a simple piece of tech, with only a keypad and dim screen which displayed the names and stats of the planes.
After placing Kingston on his own unsteady feet, Maloch approached the console and started typing. 
“Accessing Hermes class hangar system. Searching for all functional vehicles within the hangar… searching… search complete. One functional vehicle located: a MR5 Hyper-Sonic Jump-Jet, call-sign… Saving Grace. Warning, power and fuel level in selected vehicle nearing zero… Re-routing all power to vehicle and preparing to open hangar doors. Beginning pre-flight checks on the Saving Grace…” 
In the distance, a spotlight came to life, illuminating one of the many planes in the dark hangar. The vehicle before them was a six-seater, fully automated, submersible jump-jet. Its original paint job had long since peeled off, leaving a silver skin which gleamed in the faltering light. 
Wasting no more time, they hurried toward the jet. Barsch, running alongside Alza, noticed that the faint siren had finally stopped, which probably meant that they had run out of time. Upon reaching the jet, its rear hatch automatically slid open, allowing them to enter its somewhat cramped interior. After strapping Kingston down in one of the rear seats -leather and mahogany- Barsch, Alza and Maloch made their way to the cock-pit. 
Just before entering, Maloch stopped and said, “Master Barsch, I thought that I should inform you that I have finally recalibrated my temporal counter. If my data is correct, then we have less than four minutes until detonation.”
Now that he knew exactly how much time they had, Barsch found that he definitely preferred the comfort that came with not knowing. But there was nothing he could do to change that, so he strapped himself into the co-pilot chair and tried to stay out of Maloch’s way.
The re-mech had taken the captain’s chair, while Alza chose a spot behind Barsch. She had not spoken since leaving the hospital, and Barsch felt as though he might not have many more chances.
“Don’t worry!” he said, lying through his teeth, “I’m sure we’ll be out of here in time!” 
But Alza did not reply. Perhaps she was thinking that following them had been a bad decision, or perhaps she simply did not fear death. At that time, Barsch did not know which was more unnerving, nor did he care to find out. 
He was saved from any more attempts at conversation by Maloch calling out, “Power level… seven percent. Fuel level… eleven percent. Even with the extra power, we have insufficient charge for engine activation. And if we do manage to get into the air, we only have enough fuel for two hours of flight time at minimum speed. However, in order to clear the blast radius, we will need to fly at maximum speed, halving our flight time. Additionally, this jet has a pre-programmed flight path, and I am unable to alter it without seriously compromising the entire system.” 
“And the bad luck continues,” thought Barsch, trying to work out how much bad karma he could have accumulated in his short lifetime to justify their poor fortune. 
“What are our options?” asked Alza. 
“Option, singular. I can provide the necessary start-up power by using up the last of my reserves, but I will need to power down in order to recover. At best estimates, I will be offline for roughly sixteen hours. Do I have your authorisation?”
At that moment, the siren returned, somehow still audible through the layers of rock and concrete. For it to have penetrated so far down, its volume must have been unimaginable. And in addition to the customary wail, a digital voice called out, “One minute remaining until detonation. Complete elimination of Carçus City will commence at the end of the final countdown. For any poor souls still in the city… please prepare to meet your gods.” 
“Do it!” screamed Barsch, as the cold voice continued to call out a series of ever-decreasing numbers.
Maloch wasted no time as he plunged his finger into a large port on the dashboard where an ignition key should have gone. Moments later a surge of electricity arced from re-mech to console, resulting in the former falling silent and the later springing to life. The dashboard was suddenly covered in dozens of screens which displayed every kind of stat imaginable, but there was only one that Barsch was interested in.
It read, “Activating engines and disabling brakes.” Behind them, the rear hatch slid closed with an audible thump and the plane started to roll forward on its own. Seconds later, the lights came on, and a long, downward sloping runway was revealed. At its end lay a set of massive steel doors, which were currently sealed. Once they had reached the start of the runway, the jet throttled up, and soon they were rocketing towards the still-closed hatch. 
The sheer acceleration pushed Barsch firmly into his padded seat, and the roar of the dual engines only increased as they neared the terminally solid doors. But, in the instant before they became smears on the hangar wall, the doors slid open, revealing another short tunnel which ended in an identical set of doors.
It made no sense, until an errant thought wandered through his mind. “It’s an airlock…” he thought, moments before the hatch behind them slid shut and the one ahead opened, proving him right. The ocean did not hesitate to send a wall of water towards the jet, but by that time they were moving fast enough to punch through. Moments later they emerged into the ocean proper, as a monotonous whine suddenly filled the cock-pit. 
“Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five.” 
The voice was identical to the one which had accompanied the siren, although Barsch did not know how it had managed to follow them into the jet. If Maloch had still been online, perhaps he would have been able to explain the pervasiveness of Carçus’ citywide warning system, but he was not, leaving the mystery unsolved. 
Outside, the depths were quickly becoming the shallows as the jet rocketed towards the approaching surface. They broke through without slowing. The empty sky now lay before them, and Barsch had never before been so excited to see nothing at all. 
“Four. Three.” 
From his position, Barsch was able to glance back towards the city which had tried to kill them and failed repeatedly. 
“Two. One. Zero.”
 A light blossomed from the centre of the city, quickly enveloping every building, every forgotten corpse, everything within thirty miles of the city. In an instant, the city simply… ceased to exist. The light, now transformed into an awe-inspiring fireball thirty miles wide, began to shrink. In a second, all that remained of Carçus City was a bright orb of light, about fifty feet in diameter, which shone with the intensity of a miniature star.
Suddenly, without warning, it exploded outwards, a massive shockwave racing out from the city that was no more. There was no time to react, not even time to panic. The shockwave raced towards the jet faster than Barsch could follow. The wall of pressure slammed into them with the force of a missile. It buffeted the tiny craft, sending it pin-wheeling through space. Barsch caught a momentary glimpse of one of the engines on fire, before a jolt introduced his cranium to the dash-board.
His last thought before passing out was, “Kingston, Alza, Maloch… be safe…”

End of Part One


Part Two: Journey

Chapter VI: Sands of Isolation
In which they are divided...

Pain. There’s so much pain! Why won’t it stop! I am consumed by raw agony! What did I do to deserve this? My chest is on fire, and my limbs hover between numbness and misery.  Every inch of my body cries out in torment! 
My head hurts. It’s like someone has ripped open my skull and driven a white-hot dagger into my brain! I’m blinded by the pain. My eyes refuse to open, to gaze upon the instigator of this torture. I’ll do anything! I’ll betray anyone! Just make it stop! 
“KILL ME!” I scream, as the last vestige of my sanity slips away.
“Not yet,” a voice replies. 
I slowly open my eyes, staring in awe at my surroundings. The pain dips for a second, and my vision clears. I am in the glade where I first met Her. It's quiet now. Things have changed. The rumbling brook has dried up, becoming a long line of dry earth. The trees have returned to their withered states, grey and black skeletons with cracked bones. I am alone now. 
No, I have always been alone. The only person left on this dead planet.
The sky overhead is burning, a deep crimson that strikes fear into my very soul. The pain is mounting. It supersedes everything else. My vision blurs. My head aches. I no longer know who or what I am. I am a leaf in a storm. I am a pebble in a rockslide. I am a twig in a flood. I cannot move, and can only wait for the next gruesome image.
 Suddenly, everything settles, and the pain is gone at last. I am standing in a large, burning crater. The smell of charred bodies pervades the air, clogging up my thoughts. In the distance, a small metallic objects flies through the sky, trailing flames from one side. It feels familiar somehow, but before I can put a name to it, the scene blurs once more.
 I am standing in the middle of a busy city centre. People, as intangible as ghosts, surround me, each moving with purpose and life. There are women shopping, children laughing, men tending to market stalls. It is a place of peace and happiness, not yet touched by the pollution that encircles the globe. A woman's sudden scream destroys the happy moment. She has now run out of breath, one arm extended, pointing towards the incoming munitions. A single missile breaks formation, arcing downwards towards the scene, aiming directly at me. 
The people run in terror, trampling each other in a pointless attempt at escaping the falling death. The missile impacts, greenish-yellow smoke rising from the now broken canister. The gas fills the plaza, leaving nothing standing. All over the city, similar scenes are taking place, judging from the wails filling my ears. Those who are left alive fare no better than those who are dead, with overturned vehicles clogging up the main streets and the sick and dying racing towards the overburdened hospital. The scene blurs once more.
 I am once more in the glade. I scream in terror at the figures lying on the dead grass. Kingston, covered in blood and dust, lying face down, immobile and beyond all help. Maloch, cracked and broken, eyes forevermore robbed of their light; a massive hole where his chest should be. I turn. I can't watch. I know that the next thing I see will break my mind, and I cannot… I will not turn back!
Unseen hands tug at my charred clothes, while invisible fingers turn my neck to face my dead friends. A solemn voice fills the air, calling out in an ominous chant, “Hark and listen, for the reaper is coming. He's coming for you and for me... Will you run? Will you hide? Will you cry? Will you scream? The reaper is coming, he's coming for me... and he's coming for you!”
The song has brought back the pain. It seems to resonate with every syllable… growing inside of me… driving out everything else. My eyes snap shut, unwilling to see the final sight. But ghostly hands return once more and wrench open my hard-pressed eyelids. 
She is there, standing before me, eyes closed. Blood stains the left breast of her dress, as if someone had physically broken her heart. Her pure white hair is streaked with red. I want to scream. I want to flee from this place, but an unknown force keeps me rooted to the spot. She opens her eyes, and they have the blank, lifeless stare of the dead. 
She weeps scarlet tears, mouthing over and over again, “Why? Why? Why did you kill me?”
 A scream comes unbidden from my breathless voice, piecing the burning heavens. The pain has now reached unbearable levels… It feels as though my skull is being split in two! 
The last thing I hear…, before I lose myself… is a woman's voice, a voice I do not know, saying, “This… This is what happens if you fail!”
*
Pain. It was the first thing that Barsch felt when he awoke, and it overrode all of his other senses. Strangely, the pain seemed to originate in his right leg, which sent a nauseating pulse every few seconds. He did not know where he was, or where his friends were, or what was causing the pain, he just wanted it to end. 
Gradually, the pain faded to a slightly less agonising level, and his senses were able to give their delayed reports. After the pain, the heat was the next most intense sensation. His body felt as if it was on fire, and he could feel that his sweat had soaked into his clothes. With pain and temperature out of the way, the next in line was noise…
There was none.
All around him, silence reigned. Even straining his hearing to its limits produced no results. “Why can’t I hear the others?” flashed briefly across his mind, but it was too quick to recognise the meaning behind the words.
“I am alone now. No, I have always been alone.”
A memory? A wayward thought? The truth? Barsch did not know, nor did his tortured mind care enough to find out. The next sensation was already lined up: vision. 
Although his eyes were still closed, he could feel a tremendous amount of light beating down on his pain-ridden body. But they had left Carçus close to sunset, so a bright sun would mean that he had slept through the entire night, at the very least.
He could bear the thousand questions no longer. Wincing, he opened his eyes and took in his alien surroundings. Sand occupied the vast majority of what he could see, with a few rocky outcrops taking the rest. He was lying on a fairly high dune, with parts of fuselage and scraps of half-melted metal embedded in the sand around him. The desert stretched to the horizon in every direction, and something told Barsch that it was even bigger than he thought it was. 
Most distressingly though, was the fact that he could not see any sign of Kingston, Alza or Maloch. He was alone, truly alone, for the first time since meeting Kingston. There was no way to tell if the others had survived the crash, but he tried to convince himself anyway.
“Kingston has probably survived way worse than this, and I doubt he would simply give up after finally obtaining more medicine. Alza is even tougher than Kingston, and she would never let something as simple as a plane crash stop her! And Maloch… Maloch was built to last an eternity! If I, the weakest member, survived, then the others HAD to have survived, right?”
Despite his reassurances, there was no way of knowing for certain, until he found them… or their bodies.  With that thought empowering him, Barsch tried to stand, and immediately brought back the barely suppressed pain. Through watery eyes he looked down, and saw that he had not escaped as unscathed as he had previously thought. 
His left wrist now bore an unsightly purple bruise, but that was far from the worst of it. He also had several small cuts across his torso and stomach, but none looked serious. However, when his gaze fell to his right leg, he could not help but wince at the sight. His pant leg was torn above the ankle, and a massive bruise -purple mixed with yellow and green- now covered most of his lower leg. Recalling his father’s brief medical lectures, he theorised that he had fractured his tibia or fibula, or perhaps both. 
Either way, walking through a desert with a broken leg seemed to be the only option left to Barsch. Before that, he needed to find a crutch. Thankfully, it lay just a few feet away, glinting in the morning sunlight. Using a chainsword as a crutch was not ideal, but it was the only suitable object for miles, and would have to do. Unfortunately, the weapon was sitting on the crest of the next sand dune, which would normally be an easy climb.
Despite the pain, Barsch tried to stand, hoping that his diagnosis had been wrong. Moments later, his leg buckled and he fell back with an anguished cry. He lay there for a few minutes, breathing heavily and cursing his recklessness. When the pain had returned to being barely suppressible, he tried again, this time aiming for getting on his hands and knees. The pain was there, but it was manageable, and now he could begin the slow crawl to his destination.
It took him more than half an hour to half-crawl, half-roll down the dune, after which it took him another half hour to drag himself up its neighbour. The pain was immense, and the burning heat of the sands and the sun burned his unprotected hands, but he did not stop. The thought that Kingston, Alza or Maloch might be lying somewhere nearby, potentially in a worse situation, drove him onwards. He was one of the three conscious humans on the planet, so if he did not help them, no one would. 
An hour of waking up, Barsch reached his chainsword. The simple act of holding something that was familiar to him, that was real, almost brought him to tears. The next thing he did was drive the black blade into the soft sand until it could go no further. He then gripped the handle tightly with his right hand and used the blade to stand. Again, pain assailed his senses anew, but it was nowhere near as bad. 
Now that he could stand, Barsch was able to peer further into the horizon, and what he saw nearly brought him to tears once more. There, sitting at the border between visible and hazy, was a speck of green. The sight was so iconic that his mind automatically drifted back to his first awakening, and the hope that the forest had instilled in him. In that hidden glade, he had found Alza and Kingston had found them both… it was a place of destiny. 
“I doubt that things will go the same as last time, but if that’s an oasis instead of a mirage, then it will be a landmark. And if the others survived, then they’ll probably head towards it. And if they didn’t… then at least I’ll have water to drink and shade to shield me while I think.” 
With his eyes set firmly on the horizon, Barsch walked forward in a daze. The pain was still there, close yet distant, but he did not let it stop him. Using the chainsword as a crutch quickly proved inefficient, as the blade slid smoothly into the sand and had to be pulled free with an exhausting frequency. But there was no alternative, so he did not let it stop him. The morning sun beat him down with its intense heat, which baked the land and turned his sweat to steam. But he had nothing to shield himself from its glare, and he did not let it stop him…
“I wonder if Yumiere would be happy… knowing that I was finally having the adventure that she always wanted? Or would she still curse my name, for failing to save her? How her eyes used to light up whenever she spoke about the world beyond the Great Sleep… Five hundred years’ worth of changes to discover; the joy of experiencing a life without fear; a world in which the young did not have to die before the old. That is the world she saw… and I stole it from her… I stole everything from her…” 
The uneventful walk gave Barsch time to think, more time than he would ever need. He thought about his distant father, the mother that he had killed, and his childhood friends. He thought about Kingston, and Alza, and even Maloch. He thought about his past and his future -what little of it remained- and he thought of his mistakes throughout. He thought and thought, until there was nothing left to think about. 
Time had passed unnoticed by Barsch, who had been almost hypnotised by the combination of the repetitive scenery, the mirage inducing heat and the dull pain. When he finally came to, the sun was hovering near the horizon, casting red and gold shadows across the arid landscape. Walking through the desert had drained him more than he had realised, and keeping his eyes on the still distant green speck proved impossible. It was still more than a day away, and he was growing dangerously tired. His mouth had long since gone dry, and hunger, thirst and exhaustion made each step harder than the last.
A few dunes away, he spotted a nestled cluster of rocks and dead trees, which would provide at least some measure of shelter from the elements. He was forced to use sheer willpower to move his body towards the clearing, as his fatigued limbs were nearing their limits. Every step sent a jolt of liquid agony up his body, resulting in a grimace of pain. 
The makeshift campsite was still three dunes away when it happened. 
Distracted by a large jolt of pain, he miss-stepped, and placed his foot on a particularly loose patch of sand. If he had been in possession of a well-fed, rested and uninjured body, perhaps he might have caught himself. But he was starving, delirious from fatigue and walking on an untreated broken leg. So he could do nothing but watch in horror as his body fell forward, impacting the sand with a soft thud. 
When he opened his eyes a few minutes later, he found himself at the bottom of the dune. The pain, meanwhile, had returned in full force, bringing fresh helpings of agony which coursed through his limp body. He screamed out, knowing that no one could hear him. After his voice had become hoarse, and his tears had stopped, he had his last thought. 
“I was a fool, thinking that I could make it to the oasis like this… That I could help the others. I can’t even save myself! Maybe, it would be better if I stayed here… I have already caused four deaths in my life, so maybe this is my punishment? To die, alone and unloved, in a place that even the gods do not see…”
Having made up his mind, Barsch felt the last of his energy leave him. His mind had already given up, and now his body was following suit. The pain in his leg had long since gone numb, and his eyelids were drooping closer and closer to their final resting place. He knew that if he went to sleep without shelter, he would never wake up, but he could muster no strength to rise. He closed his eyes for the last time, regret for all the things he had yet to do filling his mind...
“So this is your limit, huh? I’m disappointed in you. I thought that you had more in you than that. Well, I guess this is what happens when you rely on humans.”
The voice sounded archaic, yet filled with power, as if an angel had descended from the heavens and was trying to blend in with the locals. Barsch opened one eye, searching for the origin of the mysterious voice, hoping that it had not been a figment of his desperate psyche.
Opening his other eye, he raised his head. Casually sitting a few feet away was a man no older than himself, in possession of the greenest eyes Barsch had ever seen. For an instant, Barsch felt as though he had met this man before, but his common sense quickly convinced him otherwise. The man was wearing a stylized grass-green robe that completely concealed his body. It was obviously of high quality, judging from the intricacies of the swirling gold and brown glyphs. It matched well with his figure, accenting his light-blonde hair. 
A sudden though occurred to him, and he lowered his gaze to make sure. The man was sitting on a throne made of sand, which appeared to have flowed out of the earth especially for his comfort. He noticed Barsch's gaze and stood, the throne instantly collapsing, as if it had never been there in the first place. 
“May the gods take pity on us, and take our pain as penance,” Barsch whispered unintentionally. At the sight of the throne collapsing, the words had simply formed in his mouth, without his authorization. 
“I’m not a god, but I guess the difference is paper-thin. And I don’t want your pain, although you certainly seem to have plenty to offer.”
The not-god’s words were powerful, but comforting at the same time. It was like speaking to an older brother, but one who had the wisdom of a grandfather. At the very least, Barsch could not picture the man -who now bore a small smile- as a threat.
“If you’re not a god, then who are you?” The moment the words left him, Barsch wondered if he truly wanted to know the answer. His life was already filled with mysteriously powerful girls and amnesiac re-mechs, did he really want to add to that?
“My name is Terra. And this is my domain.”
“Domain?” asked Barsch, feeling slightly anticlimactic. 
“Don’t worry, it’s not that important at the moment. What is important is making sure that you don’t die in a ditch. Do you think that you can stand?”
Again, that sense of power mixed with friendliness that Barsch could not reconcile with entirely.
Following Terra’s question, Barsch tried to stand, and was amazed to find that he could. His leg still wavered uncertainly between collapse and solidity, but he was upright and bearing the pain. A few seconds ago, he had been on the ninth count, but now his body felt stronger than ever. He did not know if the stranger had done anything, or if merely having someone nearby was the cause, but at that moment he did not care.
“Not bad. You humans are a resilient lot, if nothing else.”
Turning in the direction of the rocky outcrop, Terra gestured to Barsch and said, “Come on, we don’t have much time.”
Barsch followed Terra at a slow pace, using Lanista to bear most of his weight. They walked in silence: Barsch too afraid to ask anything and Terra looking unlikely to volunteer any more information. However, only a few minutes after they started walking, they were forced to stop by the appearance of a massive dune. 
“Do you think you’ll be able to climb it?” When Barsch shook his head, the mysterious man replied with, “No? Oh well, I guess there’s no harm in doing it just this once.”
 Terra stepped forward and placed his palms on the dune. Slowly moving them apart, he said, “I ask for forgiveness for what I am about to do.” Barsch stared in awe as a large crack appeared in the middle of the dune, a vertical slash in the sand that widened, following Terra's hands. In a flash, it was done and, were there had once been an insurmountable dune, there were now two, with a narrow path running between them. The path continued beyond the dune and bisected everything in its way. Terra, without a moment's hesitation, walked forward, apparently unconcerned with the thought of being buried alive should the two dunes reconnect. Barsch, after reminding himself that he had seen worse, limped after the mysterious man.
After several more tense journeys through the cleaved sand, they arrived at the rocky outcrop Barsch had seen earlier. With an audible sigh, Barsch lowered himself to the floor, using a large boulder as support. Leaning back against the warm stone, he closed his eyes and reflected on how lucky he was to have been rescued in the middle of the desert. In the meantime, Terra set to gathering up dead branches from the nearby dead trees, asking for forgiveness each time he was forced to tear one off. He seemed to be completely at home in the lifeless desert, and Barsch thought that he looked like a man tidying his home for an unexpected visitor. After gathering enough wood, he placed it in a neat bundle and placed his palms on the sand once more.
This time, Barsch had a clear view of his eyes, and he noted that they appeared to shine from within whenever he was performing his miracles. The sand seemed to ripple as he waved his hands back and forth, power flowing from him into the earth. As if by magic, a circle of stones appeared from the depths of the sand, creating a ring around the wood. Terra then placed his hands on the branches and, once more asking for forgiveness, set them aflame.
“Are you… like Alza?” Barsch asked, not sure what he wanted the answer to be.
“Alza? Oh, you mean the Daughter of None? Don’t worry, she’s not like me… well, not exactly…”
His esoteric work complete, Terra sat back on the cooling sand, peering in the direction of the setting sun. He seemed to be completely at ease, a far cry from the exhausted man sharing his fire. Terra still wore a smile on his face, and Barsch got the impression that the man was enjoying their interactions.
“What… what are you?”
Terra laughed at the question, a full, hearty laugh that echoed in the near-silence. “My sister said that your kind is inquisitive, but I didn’t think that she was being serious! I’m sorry Barsch, but that is a hard question, and it’s been a long day. Tell you what, you rest while I keep watch, and I’ll explain everything in the morning.”
“Wait, you have a sister? Does she have long black hair? Is she nearby? And how do you know my name?” 
Still chuckling, Terra stood and walked over to Barsch. When he reached the weary youth, he placed a hand across his brow and whispered, “Sleep.” 
Immediately, Barsch felt the return of all of his aches and pains that he had accrued throughout the day. The sudden onslaught forced him to the floor, and keeping his eyes open became almost impossible. He still had so much he wanted to ask Terra, and he had a nagging feeling that the dune-splitting man would not be there when he awoke. 
But against the weight of his fatigue, there was no opposition. Gradually his lids slid downwards, as his vision began to darken. His last sight was Terra’s smiling, yet somehow guilt-stricken face, before the void claimed him…
“He really is just like Her. Well, it looks like Sister made the right choice in waking him up. Now we'll just have to wait and see if he's strong enough to complete the mission.”
*
The sky burns, searing my mortal flesh. The dawn sun rises, lighting the world on fire. I stand, suspended in the air, watching the world burn. Far below, a desert expands; slowly enlarging its boundaries through drought and death. It feels as though years pass in the space of seconds, as the landscape below me slowly decays.
Suddenly, a bright light blinds me, outshining the setting sun in brilliance. It came from the south and, just as soon as it appeared, it vanished. A few seconds later, a strong wind blows through the area, contorting the dunes into strange nightmarish shapes. 
Time seems to accelerate once more, and in the blink of an eye, a puzzling, zigzagging object appears in the darkening sky. It rolls and banks, appearing to drop and then rise without provocation. It trails smoke and fire, as large pieces of apparently important components fall to the earth. Its eccentric flight path begins to angle downwards, towards the black sand below.  
I hear a high pitched screech emanate from the object, as it begins to buckle under the strain of staying airborne. With a truly terrifying speed, it hits the sand, fragmenting into countless parts, some flying on further, slaves to their own momentum. A solitary body hits a dune below me with a sickening crunch. It rolls for a moment, before coming to rest. It does not move again.
 For some reason, pain starts to emanate from my right leg, as if resonating in sympathy with the man down below. Time passes, and the sun finally finds its resting place. Rising from the sand, a figure appears by the broken man. He appears to be a young child, wrapped in an earthly green cloak. He bends down slowly, reaching towards the immobile body. Even from where I stand, I can feel power rolling off him in waves.
The blond, green-eyed stranger lays a hand on the man's forehead, nodding and muttering to himself. Standing up, he turns and says, “He’s alive, if only just. I'll follow him for now and see if he has what it takes. If it looks like he won’t make it, I’ll intervene. But I have high hopes for him, seeing how much he’s been able to survive until now. Perhaps if he was a normal human… no, I don’t think anything would change if he wasn’t…” 
The strange man stops speaking. He is now shaking his head, as if he was arguing with a ghost that only he could see. Suddenly, he moves his hand over to the boy’s right leg, while saying, “Yeah, it's broken. I could fix it, but this is a good chance to test him. If he makes it using his own strength… I take it that you'll be monitoring the girl? Remember, we'll need both of them alive if we want to have any chance of stopping Him.” 
Once more he went silent, nodding every so often, before continuing, “I agree, whilst the old man and the machine were not planned for, they may have their uses. I'll check in on their progress tonight.” 
His conversation over, the man begins to climb down the steep slope, moving towards an object half-buried in the sand. It rises to meet him, turning in the air until he reaches out and grabs hold of it. It is a sword of some sort, badly mangled by the impact. Even from here, I can tell that it is irreparable. 
The stranger inspects its deformed figure, one hand seeming to pass through the blade at times. “Now, we can't have that,” he says, as he holds the broken chainsword up. A moment later, the fractured blade leaves his hand and rises high into the air.
An instant later, the metal begins to twist and turn, like a snake being charmed. Its black blade melts and reforms within a heartbeat, without flame or hammer to shape it. It seems to twist and rotate in ways which surely break several fundamental laws of physics, but the man does not seem surprised at all.
I blink, and miss the moment of transformation. Where there had once lain a useless blade, a perfect duplicate now exists. No trace remains of its destruction, and if I had not just witnessed it, I would never have been able to tell it had been damaged at all.
“There we go, better than new!” With little effort, the man throws the blade through the air, its black body piercing the moonlit-sands of a nearby dune. His work done, the man starts to fade away, as his body sinks back into the shifting sands...
*
Pain. I am consumed by agony. Every inch of my body cries out in torment. These feelings are not my own, I am merely a spectator, a wordless watcher. Time passes. Seconds flow into hours, and then eons. 
I am lost, and I know that there is no one who will come and find me.  
The sky wheels overhead, the stars racing across the night sky, before being erased by the blinding sun. The scene flickers, one second I am standing in a lush clearing filled with birdsong, the next I am in a dilapidated city bereft of laughter. Time and space have unwound, leaving me to float aimlessly, lost in the timeless void. 
I am lost, and he will not find me.
Finally, my surroundings stabilize. I am standing at the edge of a great chasm: a fault in the earth, a scar upon the land. On my side, there is nothing. No life, no sound, no colour, just an infinite nothingness. The void calls to me, beckoning me to join it, and become part of the mundane, unchanging darkness. It is a world where things like emotions and thoughts wither and die, and I can already feel my soul start to break down. This is a world of darkness and despair, perfect for someone like me. I will live in this realm of shadow, immobile and alone, until the day I die. 
Here I will remain, lost forever, and he will not save me.
Suddenly, a voice cuts into the void, a voice made of compassion and joy. I raise my head, peering into the gloom. There, on the other side of the chasm, stands a man bathed in a soft light. Warmth seems to radiate from him, driving the void away. His now-emerald, now-sapphire eyes captivate me, drawing me into his world. There are others standing beside him, but he outshines them all, an inferno amongst a sea of sparks. He calls out once more, bridging the insurmountable gap with words of worry. 
I am still lost, but he might be able to reach me.
His is a world of light and beauty, where emotions and thoughts run free and unrestrained. The light blinds me, bringing back the once-forgotten pain. His world is an anathema to mine, its natural enemy. Light and darkness collide as the rift between us shrinks. His world is filled to the brim with emotion, both good and bad. I can feel unbridled happiness swirl around me, locked in mortal combat with seething rage. 
I am still lost, and I fear that he might find me.
“Stop! Don't come closer!” I scream, shying away from the burning light. But he continues on unabated, ignoring my desperate plea. Tendrils of darkness curl round him, striking his body with dark barbs which eagerly dig into his flesh. The red blood stands out amongst the static white and black, as more and more coats the ground. Pain grips his face, but he still walks forward. 
He is Not Right. He is Dangerous. I have to get away! 
He has found me. Gods have mercy, he has found me!
I turn and run, fleeing from the intense flame of his world. As I flee my realm of nothingness begins to shatter. His terrible, beautiful light destroys everything I have ever known, stripping me bare. 
“Please, stay away!”
 Still, he walks on, his world of light now encompassing my safe haven on all sides. There is nowhere left to run, nowhere left to hide. I can feel him drawing closer, dragging me into the light. The pain is becoming unbearable. I can feel myself dying, killed by his light! He will kill me, and whatever is left will be consumed by the light… 
I have lost. I have lost to his light, and I will never again find the darkness…
*
Like a rose unfurling to the new-day sun, Alza awoke to the world. She lay there, breathing deeply, as the last remnants of the dream faded away. Raising a slender hand to her brow, she found several beads of sweat. Around her, the land steamed as the rising sun touched the frosted sands. A sudden jolt of pain made her glance down to her arm, where she found a large gash running from elbow to wrist. It was not deep, but it had dyed the sand red where it had lain. 
Sitting up, she surveyed her surroundings with a mixture of apathy and detachment. Sand stretched to the every horizon, unbroken save for a few outcroppings of black rock. Surrounding her was what looked like the remains of the plane, now reduced to a few charred hunks of metal and glass. The wreckage formed a semi-circle around her, the sand furrowed from the impact. In some places the heat had been great enough to crystallise the sand, leading to several out of place mirrors to catch the morning light.
Anyone else would have suffered serious injury in such a crash, if they had been lucky enough to survive, but Alza stood apart. Glancing down once more, she saw that the gash had already disappeared. All that remained of the injury was the crimson sands and a slight feeling of weakness. 
Rolling onto her side, Alza felt something pressing into her stomach. Looking down, she found twelve vials of bluish-black liquid -miraculously unbroken- lying plainly on the sand. 
After standing, Alza began searching through the wreckage, looking for anything that might come in handy. Alone in a seemingly endless wasteland, she needed every bit of help she could find. Unfortunately, she only found one thing of value: Kingston’s medicine bag. Placing the vials inside, she pondered how they had been thrown free without shattering. 
Seeing how she had not found any bodies, Alza decided against throwing the bag away, reasoning that the old man might still need it. This was not an act of compassion, however, as she merely did not want his sickness to delay her any longer. Nevertheless, she slung the bag over her shoulder and started walking, aiming for the nearest high point.
At the top of the dune, Alza was finally able to reflect on how deeply in trouble she was. At least a day had passed since she had left Carçus, a day spent lying under the boiling sun and freezing night air. Her mouth was dangerously dry, and dehydration was a very real threat. Her power could sustain her and heal her injuries, but it could not put food in her stomach, or bring water to her lips. 
From the dune she was able to see further into the distance, where a single irregularity jutted out in stark contrast to the plains of gold. A dot of green lay on the horizon: an oasis full of life giving water, or a mirage created by her subconscious; either way, there was no other way forward. 
As she walked, she felt the dry heat soak into her skin, robbing her of what little moisture she had managed to retain. The sand soon gave way to cracked earth, which was easier to walk on, but no less habitable. Here and there a few tufts of plants had managed to take root, scrawny thorn-covered weeds as desperate for moisture as she was.
More than once she came across a snake basking on a flat rock, her appearance causing great consternation for a creature that had probably never seen a human before. This was a place of hard-won life, where water was king and the losers outnumbered the winners. 
An hour after waking, Alza came across a patch of slightly damp earth, hidden from the sun by a small rock spire. Water rested below, of that she was sure, but she had neither the strength nor the time to dig for it. However, there was another way: she could use the power which dwelt within her. A power which had allowed a slender girl to defeat a combat re-mech, a power she did not fully understand. It was dangerous and unpredictable, and it almost never did what she wanted, but it was her only option. 
Kneeling, Alza tried to focus on the power dwelling within her, willing it to the surface. If she could somehow draw the water out of the earth, she would stave off death for another few hours. But the power did not come easily, and she felt it resist her efforts to drag it out. Whatever it was, it did not cower meekly at her demands. As she pulled at it, she felt it pulling back, sapping her of what little energy she had left.
Stubbornness made her keep trying, while desperation gave her strength. She mentally forced the power to obey her, directing it into the damp earth, seeking out the buried treasure held within. She could sense the aquifer deep beneath the surface, filled to bursting with thirst quenching water. Grabbing hold of her power, she drove it into the ground, imagining her hands phasing through the rock and cupping the liquid life. 
The moment she made contact her chest tightened painfully, and when she tried to draw up the wellspring, her vision faltered. Her earlier act of healing, coupled with her exhaustion, was stretching her body to its limits. A soft plip sound made her open her eyes and look down. A small droplet of red now sat on the cracked earth, a visual reminder that she had pushed herself too far. Raising a finger to her face, she wiped away yet more blood, which streaked down her ivory face in place of tears. 
A few inches away from the crimson spot lay her paltry reward: a tiny rivulet of muddy water, barely more than a mouthful. For the amount of effort and energy she had expended, such a small amount was no recompense. She had made a mistake, and in a place where every action counted, she had potentially sealed her own fate. 
After drinking what little there was, Alza moved on, silently cursing herself for her foolishness. With most of her energy gone, her pace slowed to a crawl, and the distant green speck on the horizon seemed even further away. The monotonous landscape did not help, its unchanging plainness singing a soft serenade to her heavy eyelids. A single misstep, a chance stumble, and she would fall to the uncaring earth, never to rise again. 
*
Hours passed, hours filled with nothing but the burning heat of the sands, which continued to rob Alza of strength and moisture. Miles of nondescript dunes punctuated by barren outcroppings, with only the distant green of the oasis to break up the monotony lulled Alza into a mindless trance. She walked in a daze, unaware of the dangerous world around her. 
Eventually, her thoughtless march was interrupted by something quite unexpected. Before her lay a ring of withered trees and cacti, a remnant of a previous water-font, or a trap constructed by her severely dehydrated mind? Either way, this was her last and only hope. With nothing else on the horizon, if she did not find water here, she would never reach the oasis. As she drew closer, she spotted several strange, white shapes jutting forth from the sand. 
Looking closer, she saw that they were bones, hundreds and hundreds of bones, arrayed in a rough circle around the grove. Perhaps they were unfortunate victims of the disappearance of the oasis? Regardless of their origin, she could waste no time on solving the mystery of their presence.
With a parched throat and failing legs, she entered the grove. She half-stumbled, half-fell towards the centre where the largest of the flora -a blackened, gnarled palm- lay. She knelt down beside its dying trunk, wishing for more shade than it was able to provide.  With a deep breath, Alza began to dig amongst the exposed roots, hoping to discover a well-spring near the surface. The hard soil bloodied her fingers, and the burning sky robbed her of what energy she had left.
The sun was nearing its resting place when she finally struck water. It fountained up from the dry earth, saturating the soil with life blood. For Alza, it was her salvation in liquid form. Her cupped hands began to greedily raise the brackish water to her cracked lips, and she did not even grimace at the sedimentary taste. At that moment, it was the most delicious thing she had ever tasted.
Her relief at avoiding death was interrupted, however, by an ominous cry coming from the heavens. She glanced up; her weary eyes searching the sky for the source. There, from the West, they came, a large shadow emerging from the heart of the dying sun.
Already their hunting calls could be heard, as they spotted their long awaited prey. Their dark and violent beaks glinted in the decaying light. They were massive beasts, possessing ripping talons and beady black eyes. They filled the sky, attracted by the smell of fresh meat. They encircled her from above, eyeing her dehydrated body with unconstrained glee. When their ravenous hunger finally overcame their instinctual wariness, they landed. 
“Desert vultures… 20? No, 30? Not that the numbers matter. At this rate, even one would be too much to deal with. So this is what the bones meant, a trap for any creature desperate for water… a trap that captured me completely.” 
The vultures cautiously began to approach, wary of any possible danger she might present. It had been too long since they had last feasted, the desert being a poor provider of fresh carrion. In their desperation they had begun to hunt for the still-living, taking their chances after weighing in the risks. With the additional incentive of water, Alza had become an opportunity too valuable to pass up. 
She knew that fighting back was futile, her powers non-existent in her weakened state.  Her only option was to run, and abandon the water she had almost died to find. While searching for an opportunity to escape, a series of deafening sounds suddenly filled the air, coming from the East.
The sound was the opportunity Alza had been looking for, and without looking back, she stumbled away from the grove. Several of the vultures rose in a lazy fashion, intent on following her until she collapsed, while the others descended on the now unguarded spring, drinking happily with much squawking and feather ruffling.
Alza, oblivious to this, ran on, trying to gain as much distance as her aching legs would allow. She could hear the mocking cries behind her, as her pursuers lazily closed the distance. She raced towards the safety of the dunes, hoping to lose the birds in their maze-like structuring. Without slowing, she began to climb, her survival instinct now her only source of energy. As she reached the zenith of the dune, her exhaustion finally overtook her will to live. Crying out in agony, she felt her legs buckle, throwing her head-first down the slope.
When she finally came to a stop at the bottom of the hill, she was breathless. She lay there on her back, chest heaving, wondering if this was to be her resting place. Overhead, the sky had begun to darken, hiding the fading sun from view. The darkness steadily approached her limp body, intent on claiming it before the watching beasts. 
Fittingly, Alza would die in the shade, never again touched by the light… 
Moments later, the vultures arrived, eager to claim their prize. They circled once, and then, as if were one being, they dove together, a wall of claws and feathers. 
“No, you will not have her!” 
Through half-lidded eyes Alza watched as the world around her changed. The clouds above had grown immensely, becoming a writhing ceiling of chaos. The wind went from a peaceful, cooling breeze to a maelstrom of force, scattering the sand in every direction. A sudden jolt of cold made Alza look down in astonishment at the small patch of snow which had formed on her dress. 
The vultures, thoroughly spooked, began to take wing, but whatever had summoned the storm did not seem intent on them leaving unharmed. Appearing like oversized diamonds, shards of dark blue ice began to fall from the tormented clouds. The air seemed to scream as they fell, each one bigger than a person and deadly sharp. Following them was a torrent of snow which soon blanketed the area, turning the burning desert into a frozen tundra in mere seconds. 
The dagger-like hail, now travelling at terminal velocity, dove towards the bewildered birds. Soon, the cries of the vultures fell silent, as bird after bird was flung to the earth, never to take flight again. The hail lasted for less than a minute, but in that short time dozens of ice shards had fallen from the heavens. The desert had become a field of transparent spires, a frozen graveyard for the unfortunate birds. However, in all that chaos, within that death filled landscape, not a single hair on Alza’s head had been touched. Standing around her, like a guard of honour, laid a perfect ring of ice. 
A few minutes after the hail stopped, the snow was replaced by a flurry of ice cold rain. The freezing water drenched Alza, washing away her fatigue and bringing much-needed moisture to her dehydrated body. Turning her face towards the heavens, Alza opened her mouth and drank from the sky.
“We meet again, daughter of none…”
The voice had come from the largest shard of ice, embedded in the frozen desert sand not five feet away. It had a musical quality, like a hundred voices speaking in almost perfect sync. The ice, which had looked unbreakable before, suddenly shattered, revealing a figure draped in blue and white. A young woman, though still a few years older than Alza, wearing a cloak which seemed to be made of ice and steam. A pair of the deepest blue eyes Alza had ever seen stared out from a fringe of midnight black hair, which trailed down to the woman’s lower back. Weaved into the shimmering locks were dozens of diamonds, patterned into snowflakes and raindrops.
Although Alza could not recall ever meeting another woman, she knew this one to be special. Her beauty would spread her name across the world, and her air of mystery would have enchanted the great kings and lords of old. Feeling foolish for thinking it, Alza wondered if she should bow, and pay homage to this Queen wreathed in ice and dew.
“You look… familiar. Have we met before?” The words appeared unbidden on her lips, but some part of her had recognized this heavenly woman. The memory of a dream, or a dreamlike memory; either way, this was not their first meeting.
“We have. Although I am surprised that you can remember, seeing as your kind was not made to walk the Dreamscape; but then again, you are not like the rest, are you?”
“What do you mean? What do you know about my past?” Alza pled, hoping that this enigmatic figure might be the one to finally shed some light on her identity.
“This is not the place, nor is it the time for such questions. Do not fret, all will be revealed when it is meant to. Until then, do not falter, do not stop, and do not fear.”
The ice-clad woman took another step towards Alza, her pale skin almost translucent. Alza wanted to flee, to hide from this ethereal creature, but her strength had not yet returned. She could do nothing but kneel, paralyzed, and wait. 
“Who are you? What are you?” Alza asked, determined to reveal at least a few of the woman’s mysteries.
“My name is Ion. And what I am is your guide out of this forsaken place. I have been appointed as your caretaker, in order to ensure that you are still alive and sane enough to face what is to come.”
“Why? Why would you help me?” Alza stood as she spoke, her legs finally strong enough to support her weight. The thought of fleeing was still there, but it had been overpowered by an insatiable curiosity to learn all of this creatures secrets. 
“So many questions… Well, your kind has always been inquisitive to a fault. It is my duty to ensure that the plan succeeds, no matter what. But know this, I am not your guardian angel to rescue you from the darkness, nor am I your ally against the monsters who lie in wait. You are nothing more than a cog in a much grander machine, which needs to work for my sake. If at any point I deem you to be more a nuisance than a necessity, I will abandon you, and let the cruelties of the world devour you. And if I think that your actions might threaten the plan, then what those beasts do to you will seem like a mercy compared to my wrath… Am I understood, child?”
Alza said nothing in reply, and Ion did not press her. Instead, she walked past, beckoning her to follow. They walked in silence, one strong and confident, the other weak and wavering. The few mouthfuls of icy water had restored some of Alza’s strength, but she was reaching the limits of her endurance. She needed to rest, but out in the open, with night quickly approaching, she would be dead before dawn.
*
They soon left the red and white scenery behind, as they made their way towards a large rocky outcrop. It was not exceptionally large, but its verticality contrasted sharply with the flatlands; and Alza hoped that it might provide some shelter from the coming darkness. The sun was starting to sink below the distant horizon when they arrived, leaving a shrinking sliver of light to guide their way. Ion seemed not to notice the creeping darkness, and walked on with an unearthly confidence. 
Reaching the outcrop, Ion motioned for Alza to head towards a smooth section of barren rock. Confused by her directions, Alza opened her mouth to ask about shelter, when Ion moved passed her and placed her slender hands on the cooling stone. 
“This is my brother’s realm, but I think that given the circumstances, he wouldn’t mind if I intrude a little.”
“You have a brother?” Alza said, mostly unintentionally. In that instant, an image flashed across her vision: a young man with bone coloured hair and flaming eyes. A second later, the image was gone, leaving Alza with yet more questions. 
“Two. Terra and… Look, it’s not important. What is important is finding you a place to spend the night. Hmm, this should do…” said Ion, trailing off while looking at a seemingly unimportant section of the outcrop. A sudden chill made Alza look down in surprise at the newly formed ice spreading below her feet. Following its path, she found that it began at the same spot where Ion had placed her hands a moment prior. 
The ice moved across the sand in an unnervingly alive manner, seeming to seek out faults in the rock in which to insert itself. Once it had done so, a terrible groaning filled the air, as the implanted ice began to expand, shattering the rock. Less than a minute after it had appeared, the ice vanished, leaving a moderately sized depression in the outcrop, just big enough to fit one small human.
“Somewhat crude, but it should suffice.”
As Ion spoke, Alza gave an involuntary shiver as the last rays of light disappeared and darkness filled the ice-hewn cave. Noticing this, Ion followed with, “Unfortunately for you, fire has never really been a speciality of mine, for obvious reasons. So if you want to stay warm, you're going to have to make one yourself.”
Nodding, Alza set about looking for kindling and a source of ignition. After several minutes of fruitless searching, Ion spoke, “Just what are you thinking, fool-girl? Is that power of yours only for crushing automatons and digging for water?”
Alza wanted to retort that her power had been rather non-compliant lately, but the stern look on Ion’s face made her reconsider her words. Instead, she sat down in the centre of the cave and concentrated on using what little remained of her strength to will a fire into being. 
She began by clearing her mind of all distractions, emptying it of the hundreds of questions she wanted to ask her mysterious saviour. She focused on the power which dwelt deep inside her mind, and like a blind man stumbling about an unfamiliar place, she probed for the source of her miracles. 
It did not come easily, as it had before. Every time was different, with the power sometimes leaping into her control at the slightest provocation, and refusing to budge an inch at others. This time was unfortunately one of the latter, but she persevered, the twin pressures of the cooling air and Ion’s even colder gaze egging her onwards. Finally, she grabbed a hold of the squirming energy, which immediately started trickling out of her mental grasp. 
Acting quickly, she forced the power into the shape of a ball of fire, mentally shaping and guiding it to take on the qualities she desired. “Hot and bright,” she thought, trying to get the nascent flame to understand what it needed to be. Little by little, she felt the power within her accept its new form, which she then willed into reality.
When she finally opened her eyes, a fist sized ball of fire lay at eye-level. The heat coming off it was less than she had expected, and its light barely illuminated the shallow cave. However, for a mind and body on the brink of exhaustion, it was a wondrous thing to behold. 
“Not bad. I look forward to seeing what you will be capable of in the future. However, compared to my older brother’s champion- 
Ion stopped speaking when she noticed that no one was listening. Alza, having exhausted truly every ounce of energy left to her, had fallen into a deep sleep. The ball of flame orbited above her, a watchdog protecting its weary master. Its flickering light would deter any would-be attackers, allowing Alza to sleep in peace. 
“Rest, Daughter of None, for the hurdles you have faced thus far pale in comparison to the horrors that lie ahead. Before this journey is done, you will know true despair, but you must rise above it, for the world will not survive your failure.”
Ion then stepped out into the cold night, enjoying the sensation as she strode away from the tiny light in the great darkness. She faded with every step, like a mirage coming into view, and before her seventh footfall, she was gone.
*
I open my eyes to a scene that could not possibly exist in the real world. The land beneath me is in turmoil, changing form and structure without a moment's notice. Seas of magma flow beneath my feet, unbidden, before icing over and forming mile-high spires of frost. The ice melts, creating a torrent of half-frozen sludge. The water evaporates, leaving behind an endless expanse of sand and rock.
The scene resets, as the sand begins to liquefy, becoming the molten sea that it came from. Again and again, the scene repeats. Fire. Ice. Water. Rock. The elemental play has no beginning and no end. What came first? I no longer know…
Suddenly, a bright light fills the sky, petrifying the land. The light shrinks, forming a sphere of fire that sears the land. In that instant, chaos becomes order. The magma flows into the earth, the ice melts to create oceans, the sand hardens to form mountains. 
The planet revels in its newfound stability, as life begins to take root. Grass sweeps across the barren plains, flowers bloom in explosions of colour, trees erupt from the newly nourished earth. Paradise lies before me, a blue and green marble of life spinning quietly in the eternal darkness. But it will not last. I know how this story goes.
Centuries pass in the blink of an eye. Time here has little in common with its reality-bound cousin. When I open my eyes again, paradise has become pandemonium. Factories belch out death and despair, fires ravage the land, and black smoke hangs low over the broken fields.
The suffering is almost palpable, as the last of the greenery is devoured by man. To do this to that paradise is surely a sin, but no judgement comes to the perpetrators. They have already fled to their coffins of metal and ice, escaping the chaos that they have created. I am left in an endless expanse of sand and rock, an eerie reminder of what once was.
More time passes, and a new speck of light to the south garners my attention. It moves through the air in an erratic pattern. Fluctuating in intensity and size as it pinwheels through the sky. Suddenly, it angles down and collides with an ill-placed sand dune, shattering into dozens of fragments which are thrown further afield, slaves to their own momentum. In that instant, I realize what I am seeing. 
What remains of the Saving Grace passes by me in a flaming blur, before finally coming to an explosive rest on the sand ahead. A few feet away from the chaos, a white haired figure lies face down in the sand, a spreading pool of red spreading from her abdomen.    
Out of nowhere, a cloud forms around the flaming wreckage, raining down liquid life. I descend through the wispy strata, drawing nearer to the dying woman. As I approach, another figure materializes into the scene, arriving in a flurry of cooling rain. Despite this, not a single drop clings to her feminine physique. She is clothed in a cloak of deepest blue, and her dark hair flows freely in the new breeze. She kneels beside the blood soaked girl, searching for signs of life. 
Suddenly, the rain-made woman stops, peering at the figure's abdomen. I move closer, and see the thing that made her pause: a lance of shrapnel has pierced the woman’s stomach, drawing forth a great deal of blood.
No. 
The metal pierced my body. She is me. I am her. Is this a dream of death? Am I still lying on that cold sand, slowly bleeding out while my mind entertains itself with fanciful visions of vultures and a woman who makes miracles seem commonplace? 
The woman suddenly speaks, saying, “You escape a hypercane, an exploding city and a burning plane only to end up dying due to some scrap metal? This world truly does not love you, Daughter of None. You are an abnormality, but that does not mean that you deserve such a fate. Although I’m breaking the rules by doing this, your existence is simply too important for you to be lost like this. Once you have fulfilled your duty, then, and only then, do I permit you to die…”
The woman lying in the sand, the Alza of the past, gave no answer to the woman’s ominous statement. The woman, still kneeling beside… me… lays her hands on the piece of metal which will kill me if left unattended. Turning her head, she speaks once more, although this time feels as though she is having a conversation with someone that only she can see. 
“How is the boy?” she asks the quiet night. 
A moment later, she begins nodding her head, emanating agreement with the invisible stranger. “Are you sure? It might be impossible for him to make the journey in that state.”
Again, a silent reply.
“The elder and the machine are not here. It is vexing, but we should monitor them as well. They may yet prove themselves important enough to warrant saving.”
With her hands still on the shrapnel, the woman closes her eyes and mutters something under her breath. At the same time, tendrils of ice begin snaking their way down her arms, before wrapping around the metal, binding it in frost. Once it has been fully encased, she skilfully removes it from my- from the unconscious girl’s stomach. She then holds the entombed metal aloft and shatters it in a move that is too fast for my eyes to follow.
Returning to my side, the ice maker presses her hand against my ghost’s wound, creating a dark red liquid from the moisture in the air and guiding it inside my body. Once she has finished, she removes her hand, revealing smooth skin that bears no trace of the fatal injury it had borne mere seconds ago. 
“Well, at least you won’t die from blood loss.”
Standing, the woman who had saved my life turns to leave, but something in the sand nearby makes her pause. 
Something has stained the ground a dark blue hue that looks strangely familiar. Reaching down, the woman picks up a broken vial, now dripping the life-saving medicine uselessly onto the sand below. Kingston’s medicine, for which they had crossed mountains and braved a dying city, was gone, swallowed up by the earth.
“And after they went through so much… Well, I guess one more thing should be fine.” the woman mutters, placing her hand in the centre of the blue-black stain. An instant later, the medicine begins to recede from its earthly prison and flow upwards, forming into an azure sphere hovering delicately above the woman’s palm. With a flick of her hand, it divides into twelve streams which flow back towards their vials, which have already been remade. With the medicine returned to its proper place, the woman places the twelve vials beside my sleeping figure. 
The woman, her task seemingly accomplished, leaves the scene at a gentle pace. With every step, wisps of steam rise from her skin, her body evaporating into the night… 
*
Pain. I am consumed by agony. Every inch of my body cries out in torment. The sound of gunfire fills my world. I open my eyes to a scene of carnage and violence. The rifle in my trembling hands feels far heavier than it should. I can feel the weight of its duty, its purpose, dragging me to the blood-soaked earth. 
Richard Lorne, one of my closest friends, lies on the ground beside me. His eyes no longer seeing the same world as the rest of us unfortunate bastards. A pot-shot from a retreating soldier caught poor Richard in the neck. There was nothing we could do for him, except listen to him die…
There’s blood on my vest, but I know that it is not mine. Planes roar overhead, dropping death on both sides. I don’t even know which ones are ours, nor do I care. The people -the meagre remainder of my unit- who stand around me are scared to death, every man and woman trying to block out the sounds of war to varying degrees of success. I check my clip, counting the number of bullets remaining on one hand. My legs have long since gone numb, sitting in this ruined city centre with nothing to do but die for your country, or make some poor bastard die for his.
I raise my weapon, peering through the scope, searching for lives to destroy. A sudden movement to my left, a man running with his child, trying to flee from the burning city I now call home. I open my mouth to call out to him, to tell him to stop, but I’m too late. Private Osric, one of the younger lads, panics and opens fire. My scream is drowned out by the gunfire, and by the time it has ended, two new corpses lie in the road. I wish I could say that that was the first time I had witnessed such a scene. I wish I could pretend that it had been an unfortunate accident, that such a senseless act has not happened before, and will not happen again… But wars and fairy tales just don’t mix. 
Private Osric has started mumbling to himself. They always do, once they regain their senses. I doubt he will last the night. Either he’ll put a bullet in his own head or he’ll wander off to find an enemy soldier who will do it for him. I wish I could stop him, but the look on that boy, as he watched his father fall before him, stays my hand. There is no justice in this world, but vengeance is very real…
An hour later, Private Osric, Private Meare and I are sent to patrol the surrounding area. Osric has finally stopped speaking to himself, now he just stares at the sky with a dead look on his face. His heart may still be pumping, and his legs may still be moving, but he’s as dead as the boy he killed. The city -didn’t even bother remembering its name- has been reduced to a mere shell of concrete and steel. Before the war, it was an unimportant dot on an unimportant map, but now, just because it happens to be located in the middle of an unpolluted region, it’s become the centre of the world.
I look around at the desolation, wondering why I’m even here. A promise to a friend? A sense of duty? A chance to make a difference? Does my reason even matter anymore? In the end, we were all sent here in the name of death. We are the evangelists of destruction, killing in the name of ‘the greater good’. “Fight for the sake of your country!” they told us, as we boarded the transports, not knowing if we would ever return.
Don’t make me laugh. If you ask a mother to give up her son, a wife to give up her husband, or a daughter to give up her father, at least have the decency of telling them the real reason why they have to lose their loved ones. Tell them that it is because greedy men, in the safety of their bunkers, desired what did not belong to them, and sent us to get it for them or die trying.
But that is the way the world works: those with power command those without. So when the governments of the world panicked and began their race to obtain all of the unpolluted land, it was the people who ultimately suffered. People like me, all over the world, pressed into service under the pretence of ‘civic duty’. We were sent to foreign lands, to kill foreign people, for foreign resources that did not belong to us. For those who attempted to resist? Government sympathisers would cry things like “coward” and “traitor”. 
For me, it was a mother's tearful plea to watch over her son, to keep him safe. That was what brought me here, to this endless nightmare. Not even four months into my service, and I have already broken my promise. Richard’s cooling body is proof of that.
A sudden bang breaks me out of my reverie. We’ve been spotted by an enemy patrol, no doubt comprised of kids no different than us. There are five of them -four men and a woman- but your gender matters little to the bullet or the blade. We take cover inside a bombed out building, but I can already tell that this won’t end well. Private Meare is panicking, his hands shaking as he tries to raise his rifle. Private Osric looks like a man who has finally found what he has been looking for. At the very least, he will not have to waste one of our bullets on himself, when the enemy has so graciously volunteered their own. I steady my weapon, my own hands strangely steady. Is this what it means to accept death? Have I already given up?
No. Not yet. I still have to tell a woman that her son will never come home.
“Fire!” I hear someone scream. A moment later, I realise that the word came from my own treacherous lips. Private Meare nods furiously and obeys, rising from his position and miraculously bringing his weapon about. He drops three soldiers before a well-placed shot takes him out of the equation. 
Private Osric, having finally snapped out of his daze, stands up and starts walking, leaving his gun behind. I follow behind him, shadowing his steps. The two remaining soldiers pause for a moment, confused by his actions, before they regain their senses and grant him his redemption. As he falls, I make my move, managing to fell one of the soldiers. Without stopping, I rush forward, bringing up my weapon and hammering the trigger.
Silence. Not the roar of gunfire. Not the screams of death. Just the silence made by a gun running out of bullets. The man looks at me in astonishment, as surprised as I am. But his surprise will not last, and I cannot afford to die here, like this. I quickly close the distance, knocking the loosely held rifle from his hands. He shoves me backwards, fear giving him monstrous strength. I land on my back, dazed, as he moves towards me, knife in hand. 
Sheer panic floods my mind, dulling my senses. My hands feel heavy as they search through my pockets, feebly feeling for the knife given to me by my father, all those years ago. The man, no, the boy, leaps forward as my trembling fingers finally grasp the smooth ebony-wood handle. I manage to draw the small blade just as he reaches me, his own knife swinging down in a deadly arc.
Silence…
“Huh?” I think to myself, lying beneath him. I can feel his weight bearing down on me, crushing me, and I wait for him to finish me.  But he does not. After several agonizing seconds, I realize why he is not moving…
Squirming out from underneath him, I manage to turn him over. There, embedded deeply in his chest, is my knife. I can do nothing but sit there as a flood of emotions washes over me. Happiness. Disgust. Regret. Fear. Anger. Self-loathing. Relief.
Something around his neck catches my eye, and I cautiously reach over and remove the glinting item. It’s a silver locket. I slowly pry open its rusted hinges and stare in shock. A picture of an old woman stares back at me, silently judging me. 
It hits me then. I just killed someone’s son. Richard, and this nameless boy, two children who will never go home to their mothers, who will never see another sunrise, because of me… because of what I have done…
I can already feel the bitter tears begin to roll down my grimy face, and I can only sit there, crying to myself as the world falls apart…
*
Jolted out of his horrid recollections, Kingston awoke to a pitch-black world. It was still early morning, judging from the sliver of light peeking over the horizon to the east. The frigid air had yet to be warmed by the rising sun, and the cold had firmly embedded itself in Kingston’s old bones. Every breath formed a cloud of vapour, which at least confirmed that he was still alive if nothing else. Reaching up to wipe his face, he was unsurprised to feel moisture on his cheeks. What was surprising was the sensation of wetness on his forehead, which proved to be a droplet of blood from a small cut. It was hardly serious, but it was proof that he had not escaped the crash unscathed.
Although he had slid in and out of conscious during their escape from Carçus, Kingston was able to remember enough in order to figure out what must have happened. He slowly sat up, truly seeing his surroundings for the first time. He appeared to be in a large desert, stretching on for as far as he could tell. He had been lying on an elevated slab of rock, and noted that such formations seemed to be fairy prevalent in the area. 
Lodged between two large boulders was the remainder of their craft, now reduced to a hunk of metal a fourth the size of the original. All in all, he had been lucky, as he appeared to have no major external wounds. However, a slowly building pain in his temples, coupled with an uneasy feeling in his abdomen testified that perhaps he hadn't been as lucky as he initially thought. Ignoring the pain for the moment, he carefully got to his feet whilst systematically checking all of his limbs and joints.
From the North came a biting wind that seemed to strike at every exposed piece of skin. Kingston shivered as it passed, once more reminded of how frail he had become in his old age. 
“I should be nestled in my cottage with a warm drink in my hand, not stranded in the middle of a freezing cold desert. But this is the path that I chose, and if this is what it takes for me to earn my redemption, then so be it.” 
After scavenging what little he could find from the wreckage, Kingston found a relatively quiet spot out of the wind, and set about lighting a fire. Thankfully, his Solar Staff had survived the crash, and thereby could be used to spark the makeshift tinder. Aside from a few pages from the unread owner’s manual which was now quickly turning into ash, Kingston had managed to procure some rope, two coils of stripped wire, a length of lightweight sheet metal and a distressingly small amount of emergency rations.
After an unsatisfying meal consisting of stale food strips and desalinated water, Kingston made his way to the top of a nearby embankment, searching for any signs of the others. He had confidence that Maloch and Alza had survived the crash, and could only hope that Barsch had been lucky enough to avoid severe injury. However, with the pre-dawn light providing less than adequate illumination, he soon retreated to the dying fire. 
A half hour later, the last page met its end in the fire, and Kingston made the decision to move on. With a small sliver of light on the horizon now providing the bare minimum of warmth, Kingston packed what he had found and left the crash site. He decided to head in the direction the plane had been travelling in, hoping to discover its original destination. 
It would be a long trip, but he found that his body soon adopted the learned posture of a military march. One step in front of the other, not too fast, not too slow, just a plodding, methodical gait designed to allow soldiers to walk for days without fatiguing. At least the familiar gait allowed his mind to wander, just as it had all those years ago. It seemed that even decades spent as a hermit could not fully rid him of his violent past. 
Kingston could scarcely remember his childhood, but he had vague memories of a happy and peaceful time. His father, now a faceless figure in his mind, had raised Kingston to the best of his abilities. A very intelligent and inquisitive man, his father had drilled lesson after lesson into him, while other children his age had played outdoors. His mother, a nameless woman he had never met, had had little impact on his father’s ambition. Instead, it had driven him forward, as if the moment he stopped working he would remember his lost love and lose the will to live. 
They had lived a simple life, moving as often as his father’s work demanded, never really having a place to call home. Even after the accident claimed his father and his reputation, Kingston had lived a life of peace, pointedly ignoring the mounting chaos in the world around him. He found a quiet place to settle down in, and finally found a place to call home. 
However, as the rising pollution claimed city after city, and the nations of the world turned on each other, he was forced to accept the state of the world. Thanks to a hasty promise to a worried mother, he had enlisted in the local garrison. Even after he had broken his promise and buried her son, he had continued to fight. Aimlessly, living each day believing that it would be his last, he somehow had managed to stay alive until the end. 
He had gone to war a carefree boy, and returned a man burdened by knowledge and guilt. That time, when he had made the change from soldier to scientist, exchanging his gun for a degree in planetary science, was one of the happiest in his life. For years afterwards, he had fought a different and arguably harder battle: convincing people that they were the cause of the planet’s dire state and that they had to be the ones to fix it. 
Naturally, this was not a popular position, and as his so called ‘friends’ abandoned him, he was gradually shunned by the scientific world at large. And as his ideas had become more and more radical, he had found himself effectively exiled, barred from setting foot in any university or symposium on the planet. 
And so he had retreated from the world that no longer wanted him, finding solace in his isolation, while continuing to refine his theories. On the day of the Great Sleep, when humanity had frozen itself en masse rather than face reality, he had barely noticed, so accustomed to being alone that even the feeling of loneliness was a distant memory.
“And now I find myself in the company of two children and a re-mech, on a seemingly endless journey to who-knows-where? It seems I’ve taken my isolation for granted…” 
Although meeting Barsch and Alza had been nothing more than a coincidence, they afforded him a rare opportunity. If he could help them, then perhaps he could earn his redemption. The world had refused to listen to him, and his pleas for aid had fallen on deaf ears, but had he truly tried his hardest? Could he have done more? Alerted more people to the crisis the world faced, informed them of the truth behind the cryogenic plan? 
In the end, he had taken the path of the coward, retreating to his cottage and giving up on the ungrateful masses; instead of  fighting for what was right with his every breath. But if he could help just two people, if he could show them the true worth of the planet they would one day inherit, then maybe his sins could be forgiven…
*
Eventually, he was jolted from his recollections by a awe inspiring sight. The sun, finally ready for its opening act, had risen above the horizon, casting a fierce red glow across the desert. With the crimson light illuminating his path, Kingston doubled his pace. He traversed gravel strewn hills which shook with each step, trod beneath ochre arches which defied sense, and slid down steep embankments carved out by some ancient and long gone river. 
It was a sight meant to be seen from afar, preferably on a picturesque postcard given to a relative to invoke envy. Leaving the back breaking geography behind, he came upon a natural maze made from wind-carved granite. Despite the rising sun, the maze was lost in darkness, and so Kingston was forced to navigate by the ever-present North Star, Lasienda. To pass the time as he navigated the twisting path, he recounted the fable to himself.
The story began with the introduction of Lasienda, a kind and beautiful woman living in a kingdom long since forgotten. Lasienda was the epitome of compassion, willing to help anyone at any time, and never thinking badly of anyone, no matter how vile their actions or words,
However, her peaceful days came to an end when she caught the attention of Hephelda, a vain and jealous goddess. Hephelda, who was a petty and unpopular deity, hated the thought of having someone so beautiful and kind in her domain, and came to believe that her unpopularity and declining worship were due to Lasienda. 
With evil in her heart, she set out to trick Lasienda, using sweet words and empty promises to sway Lasienda’s heart. Lasienda, the paragon of kindness, was told that her loving light was not strong enough to save all of the downtrodden and broken-hearted. Hephelda, in an act of ‘kindness’ would transform Lasienda into a bright star, so that her light might shine down upon the whole world, guiding those lost to the darkness back to the light. 
Naturally, Lasienda had agreed without hesitation, eager to help all who needed it. But Hephelda’s treachery soon became apparent. She turned Lasienda into the dimmest and most unrecognizable star in the cosmos, doomed to an eternity of obscurity. Thus she sought to prove to Lasienda that, compared to the vastness of the cosmos, she was insignificant and unwanted.
However, Ororkas, Hephelda’s husband, learnt of her treachery and set out to make things right. Meeting Lasienda, he offered to return her to her human form, but Lasienda tearfully stated that she would remain a star. She told Ororkas that if even a single person was helped due to her faint light, she would be happy. Moved by her boundless compassion and self-sacrifice, Ororkas made Lasienda into the brightest star in the night sky, so that the people below would always look to her first when they were lost and afraid.
And so, in the end, Ororkas foiled Hephelda’s plot and Lasienda succeeded in her dream of becoming a figure able to bring light and hope to all in need. 
It was a good tale, full of hope and good triumphing over evil, which is exactly what he had believed in as a child. But time and experience had robbed him of his innocence. His time in the war had taken his hope, and his life as a scientist and exile had taught him that good doesn’t always triumph over evil.
He emerged from the rock maze a few moments later, greeted once more by the dawn light. He was beginning to enter a section of the desert characterized by deep sand drifts. Every step was laborious; his feet sinking deep into the loosely packed earth. After only an hour of treading carefully, Kingston was exhausted. Settling down onto a granite slab, he cast his eyes over the area, trying to pick out a better route. 
Only then did he see the skeleton.
Well, the skeleton’s hand to be exact. It had burst forth from a large mound, its silvery bones seeming to reach for the sun. 
“Silver? Hang on a sec…”
A few moments later, Kingston found himself face to face with a most unusual sight. A four fingered metal hand lay before him. 
“I suppose I could always just walk away. But it would be helpful to have him around, and I doubt Barsch would approve if I just left him like this.” 
Clicking his back, Kingston set to work, using the sheet metal he had recovered from the crash to fashion a crude shovel. He dug for hours as the morning heat beat at him like a hammer on a very old, very annoyed nail. Gradually the hand became an arm, then a shoulder, and finally a familiar head appeared.  
Although he had never been well acquainted with re-mechs, some had served in his unit during the war, and he knew enough to engage a manual reboot. Reaching behind the inhuman head, he felt for the base of the skull, where he knew from experience a miniscule button would be located. It had often been the only way to stop a rampaging re-mech, since the early models had been prone to going on violent rampages if forced to kill a human being; a command that went against the core of their programming.
The only way to stop them had been for half a squad to distract one, while the soldier who had drawn the short-straw was forced to circle round and climb the gigantic monster. As one can imagine, climbing something that could knock over a tank with a single, well placed blow was hard enough on a normal day, but to do so when the target in question had gone berserk was suicide. In a way, it had been their punishment for forcing such gentle giants to go against everything they had ever known, staining their titanic hands in blood that would never wash out.
Having succeeded in locating and pressing the minute button, Kingston stood back and waited. After a few moments of silence, sound began to emanate from the sleeping titan. In a droning, matter-of-fact voice, it said, “Manual reboot activated. Initiating start-up sequence. Reconfiguring positioning systems. Error. Position has changed since last activation. Calculating location. Accessing global positioning satellites. Current location, with a leeway of ten miles, is Solas Infernus Badlands. Nearest habitable locations... Carçus City, three-hundred miles South... Correction, location known as Carçus City no longer exists in database... Nearest habitable location... Wareven Village, one-hundred and twenty miles North-West.”
 “A hundred and twenty miles? Looks like I won’t be going home any time soon,” Kingston thought as Maloch continued his start up sequence.
“Beginning analysis of critical systems. Outer hull damage: sixty-eight percent. Emotion engine: unable to engage. Mobility systems: speed reduced to fifty-two percent of maximum. Power levels: eighty-five percent. Core temperature: negative-nine degrees, within reasonable range. Redirecting all power to full system activation. Disengaging sleep-mode. Attempting to access weapons systems... attempt successful, sonic cannon activated. Error. Secondary weapons systems offline. Attempting to access memory systems... attempt partially successful, extensive damage detected. Activating programming matrix, adopting stance: defensive. Large amount of particulate matter detected in joint spaces. Flushing filters… done. Initializing final boot sequence. Accessing ocular cameras. Powering up all auxiliary systems. Booting in three, two, one.”
A heartbeat later, Maloch burst forth from the mound, sand streaming off him in golden rivulets. He climbed to his feet, and Kingston was once more reminded of how imposing a re-mech could be. During the war, they had been used for their strength and endurance, but the psychological impact of watching a charging re-mech had broken many a hardened soldier. At that time, Kingston was glad that this one was on his side.
By this time the sun had risen high in the sky, spreading warmth and light throughout the world. Lasienda had gracefully faded from view, but if he squinted, he could just barely make it out.
“Thank you, Lasienda the Lightbringer” he thought, using her formal title. Turning to the re-mech, he found it standing at attention. 
“Are you alright?” he asked, hoping that it would display the same helpfulness it had back in Carçus. 
Maloch did not speak for a moment, his systems still booting. When he did finally reply, he spoke in a monotone, “I am functional, if that is your query.”
Kingston paused. ““Well, um, that’s good.  Do you have any idea what happened to you?”
“Please forgive me, Master, but it appears that the memory of the time leading up to my entrapment is nowhere to be found. My last memory is of transferring the majority of my energy into the escape vehicle, before entering sleep-mode. However, judging from our location and using the most likely scenario, I have hypothesized that the plane suffered critical damage during our escape and, running out of power, deviated from approved flight patterns. The subsequent impact with the ground must have fragmented the plane, sending us in various directions. Travelling at terminal velocity, I appear to have impacted the ground hard enough to become trapped inside. End of hypothesis.”
 “I agree, I was thinking the same thing. Now, where do we go from here?” Kingston asked.
“The most logical course of action would be to locate both Barsch La Tergan and the entity known as Alza. As we are unable to directly seek them out, I suggest heading towards a large, visible location in which the probability of encountering them is high. I have located three viable options in the area. One. A sizeable granite mountain to the south, visible for up to fifty miles on a clear day. Two. An extensive cavern system to the north-west, stretching for miles underground. Three. A small oasis to the north, filled with drinkable water and edible plant life. Which will you choose?”
Kingston thought long and hard, knowing that if he made the wrong choice, he would never see the others again. After making his choice, he said, “I think I’ll go with the oasis, since they will most likely be searching for food and water. The mountain would be too barren, and the we would never find them in the caverns. Can you plot a course for us?”
“Warning. I require a confirmation in order to proceed. You wish to travel to the oasis, located north of our location. Bearing in mind that in our current capacity, it will take a minimum of two days travel to reach the destination. Do you wish to proceed?”
“Yes, I’ve made up my mind. You may proceed.”
“As you wish. Activating geographic overlay. Factoring mobility limitations. Plotting optimal course… plotting… plotting… Course plotted. Please follow me to the destination.”
Walking at a slow yet sustainable pace, they left the area. As they walked, Kingston’s mind raced as the forces of optimism and pessimism battled for supremacy in his worried mind. On one hand, it was highly likely that Barsch and Alza had come to the same realization and were moving towards the oasis, uninjured and unafraid. On the other hand, he had been lucky, both in his non-crippling injuries and in his reunion with Maloch, who brought comfort and security. 
It was possible that they had been wounded badly in the crash, if they were even still alive, and now lay in agony waiting for him to save them. He mentally chided himself, telling his pessimistic side that they were unhurt, and that in less than two days he would see them again. He kept telling himself this, over and over again. Simply put, his mind could not bear contemplating the alternative. 
*
After a few hours of monotonous walking, the strange duo entered a new area, one filled with concentric pits of sand  that fell between upraised slabs of rock. Scrambling up the nearest slab, Kingston surveyed the landscape. Taking a small stone from the ground, he threw it into the pit, whistling softly as it disappeared from view.
“Dry quicksand, that is troublesome…” Turning to Maloch, he asked, ”What do you suggest?”
“From my sedimentary analysis, it appears that the pits have only formed between the rock outcrops. I suggest we move between the slabs, avoiding contact with the ground.”
Kingston laughed, recalling a time when he had played a similar game, with the floor consisting of ‘lava’, and only the furniture being ‘safe’. He had thought at the time that the game was illogical and unrealistic, but had participated anyway. Now he was glad he had done so, although he had never imagined that he would ever find himself in a situation meriting the use of such childish skills.
It was a strange sight to see, human and machine leaping from boulder to boulder, all while avoiding the seemingly harmless sand. As he leapt from stone to stone, Kingston began to forget himself, losing himself in age-old memories. Eventually, his care-free disposition would get the better of him, as he landed too heavily on his latest island of safety. It wobbled on its axis, threatening to throw him into the deadly pit. Arms outstretched, he flailed for anything that would help him regain balance.
A sudden pain in his abdomen made him flinch, which turned out to be the worst thing he could have done. With no time to call out, he fell forward, the yawning pit waiting eagerly for his imminent arrival. He hit the ground hard, the air from his lungs escaping into the heated air. Almost immediately, he began to sink, struggling against his gruesome fate. Within seconds, the sand had climbed up to his torso, his legs going numb from the overwhelming pressure. Panicking, he tried to call out to his only hope of survival, Maloch. But it was too late, for the instant he opened his mouth, he began to suffocate from the sudden influx of  rough soil. 
Fear began to overtake his mind, causing rational thought to flee. His entire head was now completely engulfed, his eyes burning, mouth choking, ear canals filled. He began to feel light-headed, the irreplaceable oxygen failing to reach him through the shifting sands. Unwanted thoughts and words filled appeared and disappeared, with no beginning or end. Images of his past flashed past, dredging up the things that he had long since buried deep in his subconscious. An ornate coffin, wreathed in roses; a blood splattered vest, drying in the breeze; cold rain, washing away the life-liquid from the battlefield. All these and more, tormenting him in his final moments.
A light began to fill his mind, bringing warmth and serenity. “So this is it, the bright light at the end of the tunnel. Funny, I always used to laugh when people would say that”. 
He thought of the people he was about to meet: lovers, soldiers-in-arms, parents and… her. 
The light grew brighter, and a peculiar sensation stole over him. He felt his body begin to float upwards, as if drawn towards the light, like a moth to an open flame. He opened his eyes, curious as to what he would see. However, what he did see what far stranger than anything he could have imagined: a pair of large, amber, eyes inches away from his face.
“Recovery complete. Analysing life signature. Pulse... heightened. Heartbeat... accelerated. Presence of euphoric hormones... saturated. Initializing patient awareness test... Excuse me human, how do you feel?”
Kingston’s brain rapidly tried to change gear, from near-death to confused life. He stood there, eyes blinking rapidly in the suddenly sand-free environment. He began to stutter, trying to get his mouth to form words and sentences that would convey his feelings of surprise and gratitude. 
Eventually, he managed to get out, “I’m- I’m al- I’m alri-” Taking a deep breath, he tried again, “I’m alright Maloch. Thank you for saving me.” In the privacy of his own mind, he cursed his foolishness. 
“Was I really going to accept death so easily? Honestly! What would I say to Her when she found out how pathetic my death had been? And how would she act knowing that I had broken my promise, that I had failed her…”
Maloch, unaware of this train of thought, continued his standardized medical assessment. “Awareness, marginal. Initiating patient awareness test two. Pardon my interruption human, but do you feel any pain?”
Surprisingly, Kingston did not. He reasoned that his sudden rescue had forced any feelings of pain into the far reaches of his mind. His head and abdomen had gone numb however, and his arms shook slightly. “No, I’m not in any pain.”
“Pain level, minimal. Analysing patient structure... analysis complete. Minor internal abdominal bleeding detected. Threat level... minimal. Caution, potentially fatal if not treated within… Error… hours. Initiating patient awareness test three...  Salutations human, are you able to mobilize? If not, please remain stationary as I acquire a suitable method of transportation.”
Kingston stretched out his legs, trying to limber up his rusted joints before they continued on. After a failed attempt at reaching his toes, he quickly said, “Yes, yes I’m good to go. A little internal bleeding never stopped anybody...”
Extending his pocketed solar staff, he used it to carefully lever himself over to the next segment of rock. From then on, he would check the stability of the next ‘island’ in the line, before vaulting over. Slowly, they made their way to the far side of the area, where more stable ground existed. 
After finally making it to the last slab of rock, Kingston took a moment to catch his breath, looking back to the place that had very nearly been his grave site. Maloch, moving with a perfect, mechanical movement, landed beside him. The pain in his abdomen had flared with every jump, but he pushed the sensation to the back of his mind. He could not afford to stop, not when Barsch could be in danger.
Moving onwards, they fell into a slow yet sustainable pace. Gradually they made their way across the hazardous ground, but with every step the darkness in Kingston’s vision grew. Between the internal bleeding and the exhaustion, he was finding it harder and harder to keep his eyes open. 
Only an inhuman amount of stubbornness and determination kept him going. But a strong spirit is not a sustainable substitute for proper rest and appropriate medical care. This was proven when Kingston fell to his knees a few minutes after leaving the quicksand. His breathing was ragged in his throat, and the darkness had all but covered his vision.
In that moment, when he believed that he could finally slow down and rest, the roar came.
It reverberated through the air, shaking his bones and bringing a primal fear to his forethoughts. The roar, already a fearsome sound on its own, was then joined by more. Five, ten, fifty, they kept coming, adding to the cacophony of chaos. The sound crashed over him in waves, driving his exhausted body closer to the ground. Acting without thought, he placed his hands over his neck, protecting it from attack. It was an ancient reaction, buried in his genes by ancestors who had learnt to fear what crept in the darkness. Humanity had managed to cover the globe, erect magnificent cities and conquer the skies, but out in the wild they once more became prey to be hunted. 
“Maloch, can you detect the location of the pack from their vocal signature?” Kingston asked, getting to his feet. Although he was in pain and fatigued far beyond his limits, he simply could not afford to rest. If he did, it would be the longest sleep he would ever have.
“Negative. The echo generated by the local geography makes acoustic triangulation impossible. I recommend that we move to a more secure location and attempt to hide from them.”  
“Okay. Please, lead the way. Maybe they will lose our trail and give up?” Kingston asked, the feeble hope sounding worthless even as he said it.
“Affirmative. Please follow me.”
Kingston did so with the quickest pace he could muster. If they were lucky, perhaps the pack would leave them alone, and they could avoid any bloodshed…
*
“I’m beginning to think that I have the worst luck…” Kingston mumbled, twenty minutes later, as he watched the pack draw near.
They had somehow managed to find a large vertical slab of granite and had chosen it as the site of their last stand. In theory, with their flank protected they only had to worry about attacks from the front. In reality, the fifty desert lions facing them would devour them soon regardless of tactical advantages. The beasts were arranged in a rough semi-circle, with the leaders of the pack at its apex and the young and weak splayed out on the edges. 
They were large beasts for such an arid desert, and Kingston theorized that they had travelled very far while finding very little to eat. To them, he would seem like a godsend. Maloch, however, was only worth a momentary contemplation before being forgotten. Until the beasts of the world learnt how to chew through armour and digest metal, the re-mechs were safe.
“Well, unless one of them happened to get on Alza’s bad side… which might just be her only side, come to think about it…”
A juvenile, red eyes shining in the dusk light, took a step forward. It was thin, the result of weeks of starvation, but there was an unmistakable bloodlust coming off it in palpable waves. Its bone white teeth -far more than seemed necessary- dripped with saliva. “Well, I should take comfort in the fact that at least they think I’m tasty.” His thoughts were muddled by pain and fatigue, and the apparent hopelessness of the situation. 
Suddenly, a pang of pain resounded from his left shoulder. “Was I bitten without even noticing?” Kingston thought, panic and confusion fighting for dominance in his frayed mind. However, glancing down, he saw that a rock had merely fallen and hit his shoulder. 
“Look at me, they haven’t even attacked and I’m already falling to pieces! But still, I wonder what dislodged the rock in the first place…” 
It was then that Kingston glanced up, and immediately regretted it. A pair of crimson eyes stared back at him, full of hatred and hunger. He had been wrong about the slab. It had never been a tactical advantage, and all he had done was block off his own escape route. A heartbeat later, a muzzle full of ragged teeth entered his world, via an opportunistic young lion. It fell faster than he could react, gravity propelling it towards his unprotected neck.
What happened next took only seconds, but Kingston experienced it in slow motion. The leaping beast made of dirty flesh met a metal fist coming the other way, and the favourite won out. With a crack the juvenile flew backwards, hitting the slab with a sickening thud. It slid down a moment later, trailing blood. When it reached the sand, it did not rise. 
Maloch stepped back without a word, his blood covered fist immediately becoming the focus of attention for forty-nine lions and one old hermit.
“Local name: Tau. Scientific name: Panthera Leo. Average length: eleven feet. Average weight: four hundred and fifty pounds. Genetic pollutant saturation: four hundred parts per million. Pride size: fifty. Correction. Forty-nine. Habitat: Solas Infernus Badlands and surrounding areas. Carnivorous. Common hunting tactics: Stalk and ambush.”
“Any way we’re getting out of this alive?” Kingston asked, eyes still drawn to the re-mech’s fist, which was now staining the sand below it a deep crimson.
“Chance of surviving encounter: One in two hundred thousand. Calculating best course of action... done. Recommend destruction of pride before attack formation is obtained. Accessing possible weapons configuration. Unlocking R.Hand weapon: Sonic Cannon. Charging wave amplifier. Setting power level to forty-five percent to avoid fragmentation. Preparations complete. Fire when ready.”
As Maloch had been talking, a strange transformation had taken place. His usual four-fingered hand had seemed to collapse in on itself, revealing a gaping, octagonal hole. Two tubes had appeared from an unseen socket, entwining the arm. A greenish fuel began to run through the hoses, leading into Maloch’s reformed wrist. A low hum began to emanate from the within the aperture, a hum that Kingston had hoped he would never hear again.
However, before Kingston had a chance to see what Maloch would do, the courageous juvenile from before made its move. Apparently seeing its kin killed in an instant had not been enough to overcome its ravenous hunger. But this time Kingston was ready. As the beast leaped he moved, becoming a blur. His Solar Staff snapped into his hands in a move that he had practiced for decades, and its electricity laden end impacted the unfortunate lion just below the neck. Like its kin, it too flew back, landing heavily on the soft sand. It too, did not rise.
“Forty-eight,” chimed Maloch, who was apparently keeping a grim tally.
Kingston moved away from the rocky wall, his staff humming through the air as he twirled it around with deadly grace. Appearing from every direction, the beasts converged on their location. Running was not an option. All they could do was stand and fight.
“Acquiring new targets. Establishing friend or foe parameters. Increasing firing speed to one burst per second. Targets acquired. Firing in three, two, one… zero.” 
Maloch raised his arm in a solemn, almost poetically unconcerned manner. Kingston, having once before seen a similar sight, hurriedly took cover behind a nearby boulder, filled with dreadful anticipation of what would come next. The low hum that he had been hearing grew louder, soon rising above the roar of the now cautious Tau. As the pitch built to a crescendo, the octagonal hole began to rotate with alarming speed. Kingston, fingers in his ears, could barely keep his eyes open. Around them, streams of sand began to fly into the air, contorted by the sudden vacuum created by the weapon. The roar of the cannon filled the world, the air within screaming as it was pressurized beyond belief.
When it seemed like the intense noise would break his eardrums and shatter the world, it suddenly stopped. A blast of pressurized air and sound exploded outwards from the weapon, travelling faster than the eye could see. A cloud of dust and rock radiated outwards from Maloch, tracing the burst. The tau, as if by magic, disappeared, hurled thirty feet into the air at a frightful, yet non-lethal velocity.  
“Target removed. Forty-seven remain. Acquiring new target.  Priming firing sequence... complete. Fire when ready.”
The rest of the pride had recovered from their surprise, the need to eat trumping their new-found fear. Spreading out to avoid the metal arm which spit death, they leapt. Kingston could feel their rage; their single minded desire to consume him until not even his bones remained. Soaring through the air, confident in their shared ability to devour anything that moved, they could not have chosen worse targets to attack.
Kingston, in a display of practiced efficiency, caught two out of the air, whilst Maloch's strange cannon roared its savage tune, again, and again, and again. The sound of pain filled the air, as every blast from Maloch removed another tau from the vicinity. Kingston, in the heat of battle, was still able to discern a rising flock of birds taking to wing in the distance, no doubt frightened off by the thunderous noise. 
In a slow, precise fashion, Kingston and Maloch began to push the beasts back. Fighting back to back, any tau that escaped Kingston's humming staff was quickly picked off by Maloch's pin-point shots.
“Twenty-three.” Maloch had kept count since the first, and every time he spoke was a reminder of the senseless deaths they were causing. The pride had merely chosen the wrong targets, their sense of caution eroded from weeks of starvation. Had things gone differently, no doubt they never would have bothered Kingston.
“No! You can’t think like that!” thought Kingston, as his now-bloodied staff cracked yet another ribcage. “It’s them or us, and we can’t afford to fall here. Remember how it was during the war? Just let your mind go empty, and let your body focus on doing what needs to be done. No matter how much you’ll hate yourself later…”
However, they could not go on forever, and Kingston's blows soon began to lessen in ferocity, while the sonic cannon began to fire in irregular patterns, a polar opposite to its former, clock-work manner. Eventually, Kingston was down on one knee, breathing heavily while barely keeping the staff up. Maloch was in a better condition, but only just, as his arm had begun to droop and the greenish fuel now flowed at a snail's pace. The tau fared no better, with many of their number unconscious or worse, whilst others had slunk back to lick their wounds. Only one remained before them and, judging from its multitude of scars and strong presence, it was the alpha-male.
Baring its fearsome teeth it let out a low growl. It took a step towards Kingston, but stopped suddenly. It appeared unsure, and it turned its head to look at its fallen brethren more than once. After several tense seconds, it reached a decision, and barked out a short cry to the rest of the pride.
While the uninjured tau slunk away into the darkness, the alpha locked eyes with Kingston. Although it could not speak, Kingston somehow knew what it had said, “Retreat. It's not worth it.” 
Before it left, it gave another short growl, this one aimed at Kingston. “Be thankful creature, you have been allowed to live another day,” it said, somehow getting its message across wordlessly. Its message received, it loped off into the night, followed soon after by the wounded who could still walk. 
As soon as the last tau left, Kingston fell to his knees, his elderly frame having surpassed its limits during the fight.
*
“That was too close, damn it! If I was twenty… no thirty years younger I could have fought them off on my own!”
“Yes, master,” replied Maloch dutifully.
Kingston paused mid-rant, trying to remember if re-mechs had ever been programmed to simulate sarcasm. Shaking his head, he asked, “How are you holding up, re-me… Maloch?” Any suspicions Kingston may have held about the re-mech had evaporated during the fight. If fighting side by side on the battlefield could not confirm Maloch’s loyalty, then nothing could.
“Regretfully, the power drain from the sonic cannon was higher than my initial estimates. Power reserves will hold for approximately one hour, but I will be forced to enter sleep-mode if my reserves fail. I would recommend finding shelter before that happens.”
“Agreed. I don’t want to be caught in the open if the pack decides to come back. Let's see if we can't find somewhere safe for us to bed down.”
Choosing a direction opposite than that of the pride, Kingston motioned for Maloch to follow him, using their granted reprieve to leave the area with haste. They travelled for a time, scouting for a suitable shelter. Kingston tried to focus on the task at hand, but the pain had returned stronger than ever. Lifting up his patched, frayed shirt, he noticed that the large bruise on his chest had grown larger, and every step sent a sharp jolt of pain throughout his entire body. An unusual sensation made him stop, and he reached up to a wrinkled ear, his fingers finding a worrying trickle of blood. He knew he needed urgent medical attention, but he could not afford to waste time healing. A day of rest could mean losing Barsch and Alza forever.
As he walked his breathing grew ragged, and his vision appeared to swim and dance. Maloch had adopted a similar pace, with the only other sign of his troubled state being the slow dimming of his golden eyes. With nothing but empty desert as far as the eye could see, Kingston was close to giving up hope. At that moment, his eyes fell upon a curious sight: a small golden light moving through the air. The sun had already vanished below the horizon, and the light was in the wrong place to be the rising moon. 
Cautiously, he moved towards it, ready to retreat at a moment’s notice. The light, however, did not pay him any heed, swimming in a languid manner through the cooling air. It seemed to change size and colour without rhyme or reason. For an instant it would be as big as a man, glowing with a warm blue, and a moment later a red speck barely bigger than a mote. When he drew near it suddenly darted away, but not moving far enough to be considered gone. It was like a dyr fawn, dancing away when anything threatening came close.
Playing its strange game of waiting for him before fleeing, the wisp gradually led Kingston away. He did not know if it would bring him to safety or despair, but with the land growing dark, it was the only way forward. After a half hour of following, the light suddenly stopped, growing as large as a house. A brilliant gold, it now illuminated the entire area, allowing Kingston to see the massive stone outcrop before him. It was dotted with dozens of indents, many large enough to hold both him and Maloch comfortably. They had found their sanctuary until the coming of the distant dawn.
Its task accomplished, the guiding light shrank once more, becoming a greenish-blue sphere the size of a closed fist. Without warning, it suddenly sped off in the direction of the missing sun as if eager to return home.
With their god-sent miracle gone, Kingston and Maloch went about finding a suitable cave. After having done so, they lay down, too exhausted to even think about food. 
With the last of his strength, Kingston had managed to gather some kindling from the surrounding bushels. On his third try he managed to set it alight with the last spark from his solar staff. They lay in absolute silence, save for the comforting crackle of the fire. Sleep was an unavoidable event in the very near future, but Kingston found himself thinking of Barsch and Alza rather than embrace the night. He wondered where they were; if they were uninjured; if they safe and well fed. 
Glancing over at his mechanical companion, he watched the light finally disappear from Maloch’s eyes. 
“Good night,” he whispered, not only to Maloch, but to the two who were lost. A heartbeat later, he too left the realm of reality and began his journey into the world of dreams…
*
I am standing in an empty hallway, the screams of labour filling the compact space. A doctor rounds the corner, anxiously wiping away the collected sweat from his brow. He draws near, and from his worried face I realize my worst fear has come true. I take a deep breath, bracing myself for what he is about to say. 
“I am so very sorry Mr Kingston, but there were... complications during the birth. She… did not survive. I'm sorry for your loss.”
 I fall to my knees, praying that this was all just a dream, wishing that I could just wake up from this nightmare. The nightmare of losing my only daughter-in-law.
“Where is the husband... where is my son!?!”
 The doctor takes a step back, no doubt recalling his training in dealing with grief-stricken family members. Palms upward -a sign of peace- he says, “He's in there, with the child.”
 It feels like I have imagined his words. “The child survived… it's alive? Please, just give me that... please…” 
The doctor, unsure if he is being addressed, answers just to be sure, “Yes, he's perfectly healthy. Actually, considering the difficulty of the birth, it's a miracle that there are no additional complications. Would you like to see him?”
A grandson, I have a grandson…. The gods have taken a life, and given one in return. I feel warm tears begin to roll down my face, unsure whether to laugh or cry. Clinging to his bleached lab-coat, I cry, for a child that would grow up without a mother, for a husband to live without his wife, and for a grandfather forced to watch from afar. After all… it would be too harsh on the lad, to make him bear my legacy of shame and banishment. 
“No, I can't see him... Not now, maybe not ever. Tell my son that I love him. Tell him that I'm sorry, and that I pray for his forgiveness.” 
The scene shifts, the white of the hospital hallway transforming into the golden light of dusk, while the polished floor beneath me collapses, reforming into a sea of sand. I can still feel the wetness upon my cheeks, and the shame of my cowardly decision. A light winks into existence, originating from the south, but I just can't bring myself to care. I know that I should probably be paying attention, but for the life of me, I just can't bring myself to do so.
The world begins to distort itself, as if it has somehow sensed that something was wrong. A small craft plummets from the sky, trailing smoke and fire. I turn away, I don't want to see what happens next. A loud explosion occurs behind my back, but I don't need to turn around to see what has happened. A large part of the fuselage flies towards me, a slave of momentum. I do not hesitate, nor flinch as it passes through me, its substance like that of a phantasm. 
The collapse of this world accelerates and darkness begins to cloud my vision.  I hear a sudden impact, one created when a frail, elderly body makes contact with a solid slab of rock. With the impact, the world begins to shatter, cracks running through the sky. The rising moon collapses, like a glass mirror breaking.
I hear a new-born babe begin to wail for its mother, a mother that it will never know. Something is wrong. 
Everything feels weird, dreamlike. Pain flows from the inner reaches of my mind, as I collapse to the hospital floor. Hospital? The moment the thought arises a pang of pain forces me to my knees. I am once again huddling on the cold sand. The old man lying on the rock, bleeding from both ears, begins to warp in appearance before my very eyes. 
In his place lies a woman, face covered by a white veil, sleeping the eternal sleep. A man, his figure muddled and inconsistent, kneels beside her, crying for his lost love. In his arms, a baby cries, the sound bringing a fresh flood of tears to my heart-broken face. The image of man and babe, crying together, follows me into the darkness that is now my thoughts.
The desert is gone. The hospital is gone. All that remains is darkness, and the incessant crying of the motherless child.


Chapter VII: The Madness of Creation
In which their path is set…

The first rays of morning light are said to be better than any alarm clock in the world, a fact which Barsch had come to believe through his travels. The moment the polarized photons touched his sleeping face, he opened his eyes and yawned with well-rested delight. The ethereal fire had been snuffed out sometime in the night, leaving behind a ring of slightly charred stones. Barsch sat up and stretched, as his recollections of the previous day slowly trickled in. So jubilant was he that he half expected Alza, Kingston and Maloch to appear from behind a nearby dune, and was only slightly disheartened when they failed to do so.
His parched lips and rumbling stomach reminded him that he had not eaten nor drunk for several days, but his strange optimism assured him that he would be fine. A moment later,  however, his cheerful world was broken. He had tried to stand, forgetting in his morning delight the damage to his leg. Pain -white hot and relentless- drove him back down to the ground. Whimpering like a stricken dog, he lay crying until he ran out of tears. 
Eventually he recovered his wits and sat up. Rolling back the material covering his wounded leg, he almost vomited from the resultant sight. His broken limb had taken on a motley appearance, with multiple bruises and open sores covering its length. Putrid pus oozed from every hole, the stink of it gagging him. An alarming thought popped into his mind, “Infection. This is bad. Really, really bad…” 
If he had thought that the previous day's journey was hard, travelling with such an infected leg would be excruciating. And even if he made it to the oasis, he would either die from the infection or live the rest of his short life a cripple.
In his panicking mind, a wild thought emerged, “Wait a minute, I'll just ask that guy...  um, what was his name? Terry, Torry... Terra! I'll just ask him for help!”
Barsch turned to where he had last seen the enigmatic man who called himself “Terra” but found only dirt and sand. For an instant, Barsch began to wonder if the man had been nothing more than an illusion, created by his sub-conscious in order to give him hope. 
“No! He was real. He has to be real! Please, please let him be real… I mean, I saw him move those dunes, and create that fire out of thin air. I'm sure he's just gone to fetch some... water, or something. Yeah, he must’ve done that. He wouldn't leave an injured man all alone in the middle of a desert, right?”
Full of indecision and self-doubt, Barsch crawled over to where he had dropped Lanista the night before. Once more using it as an improvised crutch, he finally managed to stand. Gritting his teeth in an effort to block out the pain, he began to peer in every direction, hoping to catch sight of that emerald cloak and comforting smile. 
After several minutes of fruitless searching, Barsch gave up, reasoning that there was no point in waiting for a man who could leave without even saying good-bye. As he was about to leave, however, he noticed something half-buried in the sand. Carefully, so as not to hurt his damaged leg, he bent down and pulled out a brown flask which, judging from the swish of its contents, was filled with some kind of liquid. Uncapping the lid, he took a sip, and an image of glaciers and snow immediately filled his mind. It was the purest water he had ever tasted, completely lacking the pungent after-taste he had come to expect from ordinary, pollutant filled water. The other unique thing was its temperature. It was refreshingly cold, a word which was hardly ever associated with the boiling expanse of the desert during daytime.
After quenching his thirst, he gave the traditional sign of thanks, which had long since fallen out of practice. Placing both palms on his chest, he bowed, extending his hands palm-up towards some unseen deity. The sign had arisen from a nomadic saying, “Everything I have, I offer unto you,” which had been said by any guest who had taken advantage of their host’s generosity. 
The rite of thanks-giving over, he pocketed the flask, covered the smouldering stones with a few well aimed kicks of sand, and moved on. With every step bringing fresh pain, he reasoned that he could not afford to waste time.
*
At first, the going was tough, as Barsch's limbs had apparently yet to fully awaken from their slumbering state. He grimaced with every step, his wound crying out with every impact. Thankfully things got a little easier after a while, as delirium and numbness set in. He could feel his mind begin to slip, but was too distracted by the effort of putting one foot in front of the other to care. Random images began to appear in his mind, as his thoughts became muddled from the pain.
After a time, the images began to speak to him, however, in his disconcerted state, they resorted to using his voice to do so. Each voice was a memory, a painful reminder of events he desperately wanted to forget. The voices continued unabated, screaming his name, laughing at his inadequacies, crying out in fear. The voices grew in volume and spite, calling out his every flaw and failure. 
Barsch tried his best to block them out, but they somehow always managed to filter through, probing for cracks in the wall that divided sanity and madness. If the wall broke, he would lose himself to the madness, his consciousness ripped to shreds by tendrils born from pain and self-loathing.
However, Barsch was no ordinary 16 year old, and he found that he was able to retain a sense of sanity by constantly repeating his father's teachings.
“Through fire, through ice, through deepest despair, never lose your stride.”
Suddenly, an older proverb came to him. It had been spoken by someone who's face Barsch could barely remember, but they had been the words of one who had seen much and done much more. Although Barsch had been but a toddler, he could still remember the message clearly.
“Once you let the fear in, it never leaves. You have to accept that it's a part of you, live with it, and continue moving forwards.”
Thanking the nameless stranger for his helpful words, Barsch managed to finally snap back to reality. His eyes grew wide when he realised that he had been about to step off the bank of a massive dune. Had the maddening visions continued, he would have been lucky to escape with merely another broken bone. 
“The voices, they're trying to kill me! No, wait, that's wrong. It's only the combination of heat-stroke, starvation, stress and infection. Given the circumstances, It's actually pretty natural for my mind to wander. Even so, I can't lose my stride...”
Although Barsch had made up his mind, the hallucinations persisted, though they did so in a lessened capacity. They appeared at the corner of his vision, not quite visible, but making their presence known. Occasionally, he would hear snatches of conversation, just barely at the edge of his hearing. With his free hand, he tried to block them out, but they seemed to emanate from within his mind. As he walked, he repeated the words of his father and the stranger, again and again, hoping his mantra would protect him from madness. 
“Maybe I’ve already gone mad? Do mad people realise that they are mad? Do I? No, a mad person wouldn’t think that he was mad, he would simply think that everyone else was…” 
*
After bearing the visions for another hour, an image appeared in front of him that made him stop in his tracks. It was a small boy -around nine or ten- bleeding from the nose and mouth, with a blank stare on his pale face. His shirt was muddy and smelled of dried blood, and several tears criss-crossed the material. The boy's long, brown hair was streaked with blood; and a small hole was located between his olive green eyes, a trickle of blood pointing to its location.
Shaking uncontrollably, Barsch took a deep breath, closing his eyes and counting to fifty. When he opened them again, the boy was gone, replaced by a girl a few years younger than him. She too was bleeding, this time from a large wound in her chest. Her face was streaked with tears, and she appeared to be mouthing something repeatedly. 
“Sa... me... save.... save... please...” 
Her auburn hair covered the majority of her bronze-toned face, and her hazel eyes were still wide with shock. 
“Go away! You aren't real. You... you died that day. I dug your grave!”
As if she had been made of smoke, she dissipated into the morning air. “Enough! Two dead friends, Isn't that enough for one day!” Barsch closed his eyes for the last time, praying that he would open them to a world without ghosts of the past. He did so and, seeing nothing before him, sighed in relief.
“No! Don't leave me! Please, I have a family! I'll die! Please, don't run away! Please...”
“Please, no…” he thought, already knowing what would happen next.
Barsch turned, already dreading what he would see next. First it had been Rigel, a boy whom had lived across from his third residence. He had died in an attack by a group of raiders, hell-bent on stealing valuable supplies and hoarding them. Barsch had been his tutor and occasional babysitter, but had failed in his duty when a stray bullet had struck the child.
Next to appear had been Yumiere, his first crush. Her father had worked with his own, and they had grown close in their brief time together. She had suggested visiting a nearby ruined settlement and, although Barsch had been warned of the dangers, he agreed to accompany her. While exploring, a terrible accident had occurred, and she had fallen down a steep embankment, before being impaled through the chest by a stray branch. He could still remember her dying words, her dying plea for help, until she finally accepted her fate, and told him that she didn't blame him. Yet he had blamed himself, for failing to protect her. 
The visions had occurred in the same order as before and, judging from the voice behind him, he knew what to expect. Even so, he turned around, staring at the image of the half-dead woman before him. He had never found out what her name had been, so she existed in his mind as the Unknown Woman. He had encountered her whilst fleeing with his father from a nearby pollution outbreak. She had crawled to him, one leg missing, lost in the chaos and panic, and begged for his aid. As the noxious fumes and killing toxins had raced towards where he stood, he had wrenched her hands away and run for his life. He had never looked back, but had heard her deathly scream as her flesh had begun to boil.
While he had been in the midst of his recollections, the other two had materialized once more, softly chanting his name with increasing malice. The guilt of his actions burned within his heart, and it was all he could do to mutter, “I'm sorry. I'm so sorry,” again and again, in endless repetition. Their voices drowned out his own, as they slowly shambled towards him. 
He knelt down, crying with frustration, trying to remember the words of his father, “Through fire,” Yumiere drew closer, pleading with him to save her, “Through ice,” Rigel was crying, howling for his long-lost parents, “Through deepest despair,” the Unknown Woman was tugging at his shirt, her scarlet tears shining in the bright sunlight, “Never Lose Your Stride!” 
The last line had been screamed at the top of his voice, trying to drive away the apparitions. He opened his eyes, hoping for a normal sight to relieve his tortured mind. 
Standing a few feet away, with the sun rising behind him, was Terra. His emerald cloak swirled and snapped, though the breeze had long since died. He appeared to be looking somewhere that did not quite exist, but he snapped back to reality once he spotted Barsch's tear streaked face.
“I... I saw them. They were...”
“Stop. What you saw was meant for you alone. Your past belongs only to you, it's your choice whether to run from it or accept it in its entirety.”
“Thanks. Next time they appear, I'll be ready. I… won’t run away again. ”
“Hmph! I don't want your thanks. But know this, what you're going through now is but a fraction of what you'll have to face later. So if you can't handle this much, you're never going to cope with what lies ahead. Just keep that in mind.”
“Don't worry!” said Barsch with a forced grin, “I can handle anything you can throw at me.”
Terra politely ignored his obvious lie before saying, “That's better. Now, let's get a move on, or we'll miss the deadline.”   
“Deadline?” Barsch asked, more confused than ever. He had so many questions he wanted to ask, but he could tell that it was not the time for them.
“It's not something that you should be worrying about right now. Let’s see if we can get you to the oasis in one piece, then we can discuss deadlines.”
“I guess you're right, let's go.”
Seen from afar, they probably looked like two good friends, or close siblings, out for a stroll. However, few would guess that they were in fact an ethereal, supernatural entity and a frightened yet hopeful young man. They walked in silence for the better part of an hour, before Barsch mustered up enough courage to talk.
“Um... Terra? Where exactly did you go? When I woke up I was alone.”
“Hmm… alone? You're in my domain, so you were never really alone. I was there, watching you battle yourself, seeing what you would do.”
Barsch wanted to ask why, but once again he sensed that Terra would not tell him everything just yet. Instead, he said, “Another question. I found this canteen by the camp-site, do you know who it belongs to?”
Terra took the canister of precious water, turning it over in his strong hands.
“Be thankful human. This is a gift from my sister. And she is not one to give such things freely. If you don't treasure it and take good care of it... well, let's not dwell on exactly would happen to you, just know that anything would be more appealing than her wrath.”
Barsch took the canister back and gently tucked it away, careful not to mar its smooth surface.
“Tell me something Barsch. Do you think that there's a difference between killing for pleasure and killing for gain?”
The random question threw Barsch and he stammered for an answer. “Wha? Um... I guess that if you think about it, life is sacred, and destroying it just for fun is wrong, no matter how you look at it.”
“Good answer. Then suppose I change the question. Is there a difference between dying for an ideal or dying for glory?”
“I don't really see what this has to do with anything but, I think that I would rather live for something I believe in, rather than dying in order to gain remembrance.”
“Another good answer. You have been raised well. Now, what if I ask… If you had to die so that someone else could live, could you do it?”
Barsch thought of Alza and Kingston, of his innate desire to protect them, and the lengths he would go to ensure their safety.
“If my death could save someone, I would die with a smile on my face.” Barsch wondered if Terra was testing him, but at that moment, the strange man’s questions were keeping his mind away from the pain. 
“Three for three. Impressive! Now, last question: would you be able to kill someone who, with their death, would save hundreds of thousands of people?”
Unlike the other questions, this one did not have an easy answer. Barsch thought for a few minutes before replying, “I don't know. Every life is sacred, whether it be one or a thousand. Even if it meant my own death, I don't think I would be able to kill.”
“Hmm, not exactly what I hoped to hear, but good enough for now. In time, I think that you'll come to understand that there are times when death is the only option, and at that moment, I hope you will find something worth killing for.”
Barsch was about to voice his complaint that such a situation would never arise, when a low rumbling, originating from his stomach, filled the air. It was a reminder from his body that he had not eaten a proper meal in two days.
Terra chuckled at the sound, saying with a smile, “That could be a problem. Here, I'll help you out, just this once.”
As he spoke Terra knelt and pressed his hands into the sand, muttering under his breath. The sand surrounding him began to pulse and undulate, with multiple ripples forming and quickly disappearing. They radiated out, continuing on for as far as the eye could see. 
When the last ripple had vanished, Terra looked up and said, “Found it. A source of food about four hours walk from here. Do you think you can stay conscious for that long?”
Barsch wanted to tell Terra that he was on the verge of collapse, but something told him that this was still part of the test. So, instead he said, “Well, another four hours doesn't really mean much to two days’ worth of hunger, so I should be fine.”
“Good. Well, I wish you luck and hope that the bounty of the earth satisfies your…  hunger.”
Still kneeling, Terra began to sink into the sank, until nothing was left but two small impressions from where he had once been. There had been no time to call out, to beg him to stay. Once more, Barsch was alone…
The instant Terra left, the pain came back in force, as if to make up for lost time. Crying out, he stumbled but did not fall. Food was a mere four hours away. Gritting his teeth, he set off. Four hours. Eternity. Both sounded the same in his mind. It was going to be a very long day…
*
Barsch walked in silence, noting that the green speck on the horizon grew larger as he moved. Judging from the rate it was increasing and adjusting for his walking speed, he would most probably arrive just before nightfall, barring no further interruptions on his journey. The thought of sitting beneath cool shade and drinking chilled water lifted his spirits immensely, and his pace increased in return. 
With every step, his resolve hardened: to make it to the oasis; to reunite with the others; to find a way home. For Barsch, it was one of the strangest periods of his life, as he trekked towards a source of food that may or may not be there. He felt as though he was experiencing every emotion all at once, as if his brain had decided that it was bored and decided to think about everything all at once. He felt guilt over his past mistakes, pride in his achievements, despair at his future, and joy for meeting people who he truly enjoyed travelling with. 
After a while, he almost began to wish for something, anything to happen, as long as it would keep him from thinking. For thinking was all he could do, and Terra's earlier queries had begun to plague his mind, as he sought to uncover the deeper meaning behind his seemingly innocuous questions. He eventually decided that there was no truth to uncover, at least on his own, but his questioning mind almost immediately decided otherwise. These thoughts raged on, trapping Barsch in a prison made from curiosity and self-reflection, which is why he failed to notice the Redback scorpion in his path.
It had been resting peacefully under an uncovered rock until it had been awoken by the vibrations coming from the giant nearing its home. It had carefully scurried out, trying to find out what had disturbed it and whether or not it would be small enough to kill. Unfortunately, the scorpion had strayed out too far and, Barsch, lost in his thoughts, had nearly stepped on the poor creature. In the ensuing confusion and shock, the scorpion found itself clinging to his left shoe. It was then that instinct took over, and instinct told it to find somewhere unguarded and sting. 
Unnoticed, it scaled his uninjured leg, its versatile pincers easily grasping the rough material. In this manner , it made its way up his torso, finally arriving at his bare neck. It tensed its entire body, raising its venomous stinger and acquiring its target: the prominent jugular vein. Without hesitation, it plunged its death-dealing lance towards Barsch's vital artery. At that very moment in time, however, Barsch tripped forward, an unseen rock dislodging his make-shift crutch. As he tripped, he happened to see the sunlight gleaming off the scorpion's scarlet carapace and, in a moment of pure instinct, managed to dislodge it with a closed fist. However, such a sudden act was too much for his body to handle, especially in mid-fall. Landing awkwardly on his barely-healed wrist, he slid down the dune.
He lay there for a moment, trying to catch his breath, while wondering if his wish for something exciting had caused his fall. 
“I really have become too used to situations like this. I mean, that's what, four times in two days? How many sand dunes do I have to fall down before I learn my lesson?” 
After brushing himself off, Barsch re-set his chainsword crutch and began the arduous walk up the next slope. The scorpion, for all its trouble, retreated to its hiding place, vowing to never bother a giant again.
*
Using the sun as a make-shift watch, Barsch estimated that he had been walking for a little under three hours. After taking another drink from the canister, Barsch shook it, and was displeased by how little remained. Looking up, a distant figure caught his attention: Yumiere. However, the same instant he blinked, she disappeared. 
“Damn it! It's too soon for them to be re-appearing. I have to move faster. I have to make it to safety before they manifest fully. Come on Barsch! Move!” 
With that, he steadily increased his pace, trying hard to ignore the pain building in his infected leg. He pushed onwards, trying to focus on nothing but moving forward. No matter what appeared, he could not afford to lose his stride.
When he finally caught a glimpse of a mop of hair, he immediately thought that Terra had returned, to aid him once more. However, as he drew near, he saw that it was in fact the bloodied body of Rigel, which vanished as he came closer. Annoyed, Barsch struck his legs with closed hands, trying to force the blood to circulate faster. He hoped that his body would get the message: “Go faster!”
In desperation, he resorted to repeating the words of his father, though the mounting pain and his confused mind made such a thing difficult. “Through fire...” he began, “Through fire...” he repeated the first words again and again, a mental block halting any efforts to recall the rest. 
The words lost to him, he tried to picture Alza, Maloch and Kingston sitting peacefully under the shade of the oasis palms, but their images were distorted and unclear. As he walked, his three friends slowly morphed into Rigel, Yumiere and the Unknown Woman, each calling out his name in increasing depravity. 
When he could go no further, he fell to his knees, reality and mentality blending seamlessly. His thoughts appeared to float in mid-air before him, shining intensely and rapidly changing colours. His thoughts began to twist, as the imaginary words formed into vile sentences.
“You left them”.
“You abandoned them.”
“Feel their regret.”
“Hear their cries of pain.”
“Give yourself up to the madness.”
A strange sound at the edge of hearing dispelled both the malicious words and the haunting voices. There, on the next dune over, lay three rabbits, basking in the sun. 
“So this is what you meant by food, huh, Terra?” 
Barsch crouched down, ignoring the groans and protests of his weary body. Madness and ghosts could wait until after his belly was full.
Crawling on all fours, he edged closer to where his salvation lay. The rabbits themselves were a scrawny bunch, as years of expanding desert had severely limited their food supply. With a practiced movement, Barsch slid his trusted knife from its hiding place. He propped his non-throwing arm up, in order to gain accuracy and balance. Barsch thought back to the times in the past when his father had forced him to practice survival skills rather than play with the local children. His hours of practice were finally going to pay off.
Just as he was about to through the sliver of sharpened metal, an image of Terra and his ways came to him. Closing his eyes, he softly whispered, “I ask forgiveness for what I am about to do,” before rising and throwing the blade with surprising speed. It travelled in an almost straight line, before striking the largest of the rabbits in the flank. It took one more step forward, before collapsing in a quivering heap. Barsch moved as swiftly as his leg would allow, as the remaining rabbits made for their hidden burrow. Upon reaching the stricken hare, he quickly ended its suffering, knowing in his heart that sometimes such things were necessary. 
“In time, I think that you'll come to understand that there are times when death is the only option, and at that moment, I hope you will find something worth killing for.”
 While Barsch still did not fully agree with Terra’s words, he felt as though he understood their meaning a little better.
“Well done. I didn't think that you would actually make it all the way here by yourself.” 
Terra stood at the top of the dune, looking as though he had been there all along. Remembering Terra’s words, Barsch supposed that maybe he had been.
“How long have you been watching?” he asked, regardless.
“Since the day you were born.” 
“What?” he blurted out, but Terra was already gone. Where he had stood now lay a baseless fire, apparently fuelled by air alone. Barsch took advantage of the ethereal flames to cook his freshly captured meal. The meat was stringy and hard to chew, but for Barsch's starved body, it was gourmet. After he finished his meal, he carefully buried the bones, offering them back to the planet; so that it could recycle new life from them. 
“When did I get this superstitious? I haven’t done any of this since dad taught me, all those years ago…” 
Feeling the strength return to his weary frame, he stretched fully and stood, his end-goal finally in sight. The oasis was close now, just a few more hours of pain and near madness.
*
He walked with renewed vigour for a few hours, somehow managing to block out most of the pain and retaining the majority of his sanity. But it could not last. Every step was heavier than the last. Every wandering thought threatened to turn on him, becoming the accusing ghosts of his past. With every step he grew closer to madness. Closer to death.
“You abandoned us.” 
The words came out of nowhere, slamming into his fragile psyche like a wrecking ball.
“You left us to die.” 
Again, the whispered words assaulted him, stopping him in his tracks. He quickly scanned the area, but he was alone… utterly alone.
“You killed us!” 
He could not respond. He could not defend against his own guilty conscious. He felt phantom hands wrap around his neck, squeezing the air from his lungs. They squeezed tighter, and the darkness at the edges of his vision grew in response. He fell forward, landing badly on his broken leg, the pain giving him a moment of anguished clarity.
They were there, surrounding him. Yumiere, Rigel and the Unknown Woman, the ghosts of his past. He had killed them. Through fear of resentment; through negligence; and through cowardice… he had killed them. Could he had done things differently? Should he have refused Yumiere, forced her to stay in boring safety? Should he have kept a better watch over Rigel? Could he have prevented him from standing by the window at that dreadful moment? And what of the woman with no name? If he had not run, if he had stayed and tried to help her? 
“I killed you…” he whispered, feeling their anger and disgust. With a start he realised that the hands around his neck were his own. Had he been trying to atone for their deaths with his own? Or perhaps he had simply given up, seeking company in death…
“Foolish boy,” came a new voice, one with an steel edge. Lanista still lay in his hand, silent and judging. 
“If you had refused Yumiere, she would have gone anyway. That was just who she was, and if she had gone, then she would have died alone, without someone to hold her in her last moments. Rigel had gone to the window of his own volition. Remember? You tried to pull him away, but he wanted to see what was causing all that commotion. If he had listened to you, he might still live. And, as for the Unknown Woman, it was simply her time. She was dying, plain and simple, and the only reward you would have received if you had stayed would have been your own death. You did not kill them. But you already knew that, didn’t you? Your guilt was never their deaths…”
With that, the voices, the suffocation, the pain, everything stopped. He knelt in the cooling sand, drawing deep breaths as his tears carved liquid lines down his face. Looking up, he saw them. They were watching him, the anger gone from their eyes. They had never blamed him, never cursed him for his actions. 
His guilt had never been for their deaths…
“I’m sorry… I’m sorry that I forgot you! I’m sorry that I stopped thinking about you, that I stopped remembering you. Yumiere, you were my first love, and I will never forget that. Rigel, you filled my days with joy, and I will always remember your smile. And You, although I never learnt your name, you will always be a part of me. You will live on through me, and I will live enough for all of us. Please, forgive me for forgetting the weight of my past… forgive me for forgetting you!”
The tears would not stop, but a part of him did not want them to. In a strange way, he had missed the sensation of the mournful tears which now streamed unreservedly down his face. Things had been so chaotic lately -every day a struggle to survive- that he had unconsciously pushed Them out of his mind. He had forgotten them so that he could live, not knowing that he could not live without them. They were a part of him, a piece of his soul that would never truly disappear. And as long as he remembered them, they lived on in his memories.
Yumiere then spoke, in her heart-warmingly soft voice, saying, “You won't forget us again, right? We'll always be with you, to remind you of your past, and help you face your future.”
“That’s right. I will never forget you, any of you, ever again.”
The visions -his past- nodded to one another, before smiling a smile of purest sincerity towards Barsch. Holding hands, they faded from view, but to Barsch, they would always be there, re-appearing if he ever dared to forget them.
As he knelt there, basking in the happy afterglow of the confidently sane, he felt a tremor run beneath him. A few seconds later, a larger quake came, sending him sprawling. The sand around him seemed to dance as the ground beneath toiled and shook. After a few heart-stopping seconds, the geological violence passed. Barsch, after making sure that no after-shocks were coming, tried to stand. This proved impossible, as his body, in the light of recent events, had decided that it had had enough.
“Come On! I'm so close! Don't give up on me now! Please, just a little further, then we can rest all we want.”
For a moment, it seemed as though his plea had made it through, but when he tried to stand again, he found himself completely immobile. As he lay there, body wrecked with pain, he felt the sand below him shift once more. Instead of an after-shock, a small pit opened up before him, and two arms made of rock and sand emerged. 
The strange appendages cracked their limestone knuckles and suddenly took hold of Barsch's listless head. A stony finger pressed hard against each temple and for a moment Barsch thought that the earthly monster sought to crush his skull.
A disembodied voice suddenly spoke, saying, “Here, this is the last thing that I'll do for you today. Sheesh, Humans sure are a needy bunch.”
Barsch blinked, and he was no longer lying face down in the warm sand. He was soaring in the sky, pulled upwards by an unseen force. He blinked once more, and found himself in a dark and claustrophobic place that reeked of pollution. As he was taking this all in, a small movement caught his attention. It was Alza, hobbling in the darkness. She was tired, that much was certain, but where she was remained a mystery to him. Barsch tried to call out to her, but his voice refused to come out. 
“It's because I'm not really here. This is just another vision created by Terra.”
 Barsch blinked once more, and he was suddenly in a different part of the desert. Huge stone columns lay toppled on their sides and rubble was everywhere. Huddling against one of the remaining upright pillars was Maloch and Kingston. Maloch was hunched over the old man, several dents in his back-plate evidence of a violent event. Barsch was too far to properly tell, but it looked like Kingston wasn't moving. Although he wanted to call out to them, he knew that attempting to do so was a waste of time. 
Barsch blinked once more, and found himself back in his starting position. The unnatural hands were gone, with no trace remaining that they had ever been. Feeling a sudden surge of energy, Barsch managed to stand. 
“I understand what you're trying to say Terra. They haven't given up, and neither can I, right?” Without waiting for an answer to his question, Barsch pressed on.
A few minutes later, he finally made it to the top of one of the largest dune's he had climbed that day, and espied his destination directly before him. Less than a mile away lay the oasis, in all its sheltered beauty. In the middle, surrounded by lush palms and flowering bushels, lay a deep pool of water that had collected in a hole in the bedrock. It was a vision of paradise, and Barsch was determined to reach it.
With the sun hanging low in the sky, he fought on, dragging his now-immovable leg behind him. The pain, stress and weariness accumulated over the past two days seemed to seep into his bones, weighing him down. If felt as though he was carrying a lifetimes worth of burdens on his back, as he prayed to any nearby deities to just let him make it to the inviting shade of the palms. Every step became heavier, as the sand tried to drag him down. He thought of the irony of it all: on how much he had gone through to reach the oasis, only for his body to give up with the end in sight. 
Mustering all of his remaining strength and courage he forged on. Lanista’s weight etched a thin line into the soft sand, marking his progress. In a desperate bid, he drank the last of the ever-cool water, hoping for a much needed boost in vitality. The cold of the shade was within reach, its peaceful shadow calling out, beckoning him closer with a soothing voice. 
However, less than twenty feet away, his body decided that it had had enough. His legs suddenly gave out, forcing him to crawl the rest of the way. His eyes closing, he reached out one long, slender arm, towards the shady salvation. His hand fell, the consciousness that had powered it was no longer there, having finally succumbed to the sweet embrace of sleep. His fingers, mere inches from the healing oasis, fell softly to the sandy pillow. 
He did not rise.
*
Morning sunlight is said to be the best alarm clock in existence, but to Alza, it was merely an annoyance. She stretched out her limber arms, her violet eyes blinking in the dawn light. Standing up, she glanced around the recently forged cave, noticing that Ion was nowhere in sight. Before she could dwell on this, a strange feeling from her abdomen reminded her that she hadn't eaten in days. Coincidentally, a peculiar yet robust smell caught her attention, and she spent several minutes searching for the source. Resting against the cave entrance she found a small cloth package, covered in a light dusting of frost: in defiance of the steadily rising desert heat.
Hesitantly, she opened it, wary of any malicious items within. Inside lay three medium-sized green and silver fish, water droplets still coating their cold scales. 
“Fresh fish in the middle of a desert? She’s showing off.” 
Gingerly picking up the valuable nutrients, she retreated back into the cave. After gathering a few flat rocks from outside and laying the fish upon them, she closed her eyes. She sought out the power that rested deep within her, trying to remember the clear flame from the night before. It hung there, in the darkness of her mind, flickering weakly. It seemed to be insubstantial, as though it had lost its intensity during the night. 
“I'm getting weaker. I need to reach the oasis today. It's the only way I can regain my full strength.”  
Alza pressed harder, focusing her all into recreating the flame. It wobbled uncertainly, as though it could feel her indecision. She tried to remove everything else from her mind, leaving only the sight of the plasma, the smell of the ash, and the heat of the flame. In a sudden burst of willpower and concentration, she brought the ball of fire into being. It hung there, hovering mere inches off the ground, almost transparent.
Moving quickly, she mentally willed the fish into the air and gently inserted them into the flaming sphere. After counting to ten, she removed the fish and dissolved the miniature blaze. They had been cooked to perfection, and were full of flavour even to Alza's inexperienced taste-buds. After finishing her meal and disposing of the bones, she gathered her belongings and Kingston's medicine pack, and left the cave behind.
Well-fed and somewhat rested, Alza soon picked up a fairly quick pace. She walked whilst thinking of her past. Prior to waking up in Kingston's hut, her life was a monochromatic blur, with events all jumbled together in one massive mess. If she concentrated, she could barely make out a scene or two, but they were often out of sequence or out of focus. In comparison, her memories since meeting Barsch were crystal clear, filled with vibrant colours and sound. As she walked, a feeling of familiarity stole over her. The warm sand and the sparse environment gave her an odd sense of déjà vu, though she could not remember why the desert should elicit such feelings.
Shaking off the strange sensation, she concentrated on making it to the oasis, which was now a slightly larger dot of green on the horizon. After a few hours of non-stop walking, even she began to tire. Although she could throw around seven-foot tall re-mech with her mind, her stamina was the same as a normal girl of her age. Stopping under a rocky overhang for a much-needed break, she began to relax slightly. 
Almost immediately, her mind wandered back to her fragmented memories. She would never had said as such, but the state her mind was in irked her to no small degree. As she sat there in the cooling shade, she thought back to her first meeting with Barsch and Kingston, and their inexplicable desire to ‘help’ her. At the time, she hadn't understood them, and thought that they must have had an ulterior motive. However, as time passed and she got to know them better, Alza had come to the conclusion that they were just naturally helpful and supportive.
“They are irregularities. Emotion is a weakness. They cling to life with such helpless fear, all because they allow themselves to be ruled by fleeting feelings and beliefs. If one wants true strength, one should discard all emotions and superstitions, that is why I am fortunate, since I was born without either. But... Barsch, is strong in his own way, a way that I cannot contemplate yet.”
Alza sat there, lost in her thoughts, unmindful of the world around her. Nearby, a sluggish snake had awoken due to her presence. It was a wicked thing, with a pure white body and crimson slits for eyes. It was filled with hatred and malice, born from generations of scorn and persecution. Its genetic memory told it that here was a specimen from the very same species that had almost hunted its kind to extinction, many years ago. Instinct spurned it on, using its empty stomach as another unnecessary incentive. It was unnecessary because this particular snake needed absolutely no excuse to kill. Had it been seen by a shaman or priest, they most probably would have remarked that it was the reincarnation of a mass-murderer or some twisted psychopath.
It slowly slithered towards its unaware prey, intent on finishing things quickly, with minimal personal risk. While humans had still been around, it had been called the Devil's Halo, which referred to its chosen method of attack. In a solely unique evolutionary adaptation, the Devil's Halo was thin and relatively short, which hampered its ability to constrict. Therefore, it had adopted the tactic of ambushing its prey and quickly wrapping its muscular body around their neck, before crushing their windpipe and choking them to death, hence the peculiar name. The locals had another name for it: Ouroboros, the giant serpent that appeared to eat its own tail, forming an endless circuit. Coincidentally this is what the Devil's Halo did in order to ensure it stayed attached to its prey.
Undetected, it neared its prey, careful to stay in her blind-spot. A single thought, a simple desire filled its entire being: kill the giant. Moving with an almost poetic grace, its coiled its serpentine body and sprang forward, aiming for Alza's unprotected neck. Without waiting for her reaction, it began to tighten its hold, as it had done so many times before. Its powerful muscles were the result of decades of genetic selection and evolutionary adaptation, which allowed it to bring down even the toughest of animals in mere minutes. Alza, by comparison, had a relatively weak body, and as such she could already feel her windpipe begin to collapse.
Falling to her knees, she felt her burning lungs cry out for air, as her face coloured and her vision dimmed. Her slender fingers tried to find purchase on the bleached scales, but they held fast, tightening in response to her dying actions. Alza had remained relatively calm throughout the attack, but now that the darkness was beginning to fill her view the first signs of fear began to manifest. In desperation, she tried to reach the unknown power lurking within her. However, her mind was starved of oxygen and the concentration required for the task refused her call. She fell face-forward, her outstretched arms the only thing between her and the ground. 
The snake seemed to relax just a fraction, as if it thought the deed already complete. In that split-second of relaxation, several things happened at once. Alza's left hand reached up and grasped the snake's scaled head, whilst another, unseen hand reached for its midsection and pulled with an inhuman strength. The shock of such a two-pronged attack caused the snake to release its tail from its deadly fangs.
Obeying the laws of kinetic motion, it unravelled and flew in an arc towards the shade of the overhang. On Alza's fair neck, in its place, was a thick purple band. She coughed and spluttered, as air rushed in to re-inflate her starving lungs. She reached for the power dwelling within her, fully intent on using this opportunity for a counter-attack. The power came easily this time, filling her with warmth and courage. The bruises around her neck faded until they ceased to exist, and strength returned to her body. 
She retreated back a few steps, until she was out of the shadow of the overhang. She concentrated on the few tonnes of rock above the snake, willing it to obey her commands. She could feel the minuscule cracks, the subtle differences in strata, and even the ever present pull of gravity. She dove deeper, searching for the core of the rock, the place where everything converged.
After a few heartbeats, she found it. It pulsated, responding to her clumsy probe. She tried to reason with it, attempting to convince it to give in to the sweet allure of gravity. It was stubborn, but it gradually began to respond to her will. To an outsider, it looked like she merely closed her eyes for a few seconds and then the huge slab of rock collapsed, but in reality it was a fairly serious mental tug of war. It was her first time manipulating such a gigantic object, as her previous attempts: crushing a re-mech and summoning fire from the void, seemed to pale in comparison. As such, it was still almost too much for her, evidenced by her legs threatening to buckle beneath her. 
As for the unlucky Devil's Halo, it received several tonnes of solid death raining down upon its slender head for its troubles. Needless to say, its life was ended without so much as a hiss. 
“Nicely done. A bit over the top if you ask me, but effective nonetheless.”
“Ion.” 
And indeed it was she. Ion stood a short way off, her cloak of deepest blue bringing with it the disturbing smell of the ocean. A small puddle had formed under her feet. Noticeably, it refused to evaporate, despite the midday heat.
“Nice to see you too, little girl, did you miss me?”
“Your assistance was not required. I had the situation under control,” Alza said, somewhat truthfully.
“Oh, really? Guess I must have been mistaken then, because what I saw was a child that barely escaped death.”
“You are mistaken then. Why are you here?”
“What? I can't just drop in and say hello? And after all the trouble I went through because of you. Finding fish in the middle of the desert isn't exactly the easiest thing to do you know.”
Ion wore a strange smile on her too-beautiful-for-words face. She looked -in Alza’s opinion- like she was enjoying herself, which was troubling. 
“Your concern was not necessary. I would have managed just fine without your help.”
“Honestly! Sometimes I really regret not choosing that boy as my charge.”
For a split second, an image of greenish-blue eyes flashed across Alza’s mind. “Are you talking about Barsch? Is he still alive?”
“Hmm... So he's the first one to pop into your mind? Interesting. Are you worried about him? And as for whether he's alive or not... at this stage, I guess it all depends on him.”
Alza's face coloured slightly, but returned to normal almost immediately. Evidently, she had not noticed, as she continued on unabated, “It is not worry, nor is it any other foolish emotion. He is a tool, one that I will use in order to get what I want. That is all.”
“And what exactly is it that you want, little girl?”
Alza couldn't answer. Maybe she didn't want to tell, maybe she didn't even know the answer herself. Either way, her goal remained unclear. Letting the power drain from her body, she took one last glance at the heap of rubble that served as a tombstone for the unfortunate snake, before continuing onwards to her distant destination.
*
They walked in silence, each preoccupied with their own thoughts. Neither tried to strike up a conversation, nor did they particularly desire to exchange pleasantries. Alza used this time to study her unusual companion. At first glance, she appeared to act like any other human, in both manner and form. But once one looked closer, glaring irregularities began to appear. Ion would often begin to levitate a few inches from the ground as she walked, only obeying gravity when she noticed, but repeating the offence minutes later. Also, small puddles of water appeared wherever she trod, quickly evaporating in the desert heat. Finally, she seemed to stop breathing for lengthy periods of time, as if respiration was something that happened to other people. 
Alza knew that Ion was not human, but was she really was continued to elude her. As for Ion herself, she gave not the slightest indication that she knew she was being studied. Her mind was wandering, trying to find its way back to a time when life was simple and the world wasn't in peril. It was ironic, that humans had created this predicament and now they were using humans to solve it. However, humans with weak wills would never survive what was to come. She had to be certain that she had chosen the right person. She needed a test. 
“I must leave you for a time. I am needed elsewhere.”
“Your comings and goings are not my concern, do whatever you want.”
“Fine. But, just remember this, even if it seems like it, you are never truly alone.”
“I don't need your help if that's what you are saying. I can handle anything that comes my way by myself.”
“Hmm... For your sake, I hope that that's true. Farewell for now.”
A sudden downpour marked Ion's exit, the pebble sized raindrops sizzling as they hit the burning sand. Alza continued on unabated, focusing on closing the distance between her and the green sanctuary ahead. The light-headedness caused from the snake had all but disappeared, allowing her to think clearly for the first time since the incident. 
A sudden movement drew her eye to the heavens. A strange figure was descending from the sky, the wind forming a vortex beneath it. It wore a strangely familiar black robe with jagged red thunderbolts running down the length on either side.
“Did you forget something, Ion?” 
The figure drifted closer, causing Alza to stop in her tracks. In direct contrast to Ion's cold yet helpful demeanour, this new arrival exuded pure malevolence and hatred. Instinctively, Alza took a step back, something deep within her telling her legs to turn her around and run away, without looking back. But she could not obey, as fear had rooted her to the spot. The figure came ever closer, his short reddish hair reminding her of congealed blood and his lifeless grey eyes only serving to reinforce his death-like visage. He sported a humourless grin, which sent another chill down Alza's spine. His pale feet touched down on the searing sand, but he acted as though the heat didn't even exist. He turned to face her -eyes swivelling unnaturally before coming to a stop- whilst gazing at her cowering frame.
He opened his mouth, revealing a row of perfectly polished, shining teeth. In heavy tones of death and destruction, he said, “Who are you? Why are you here? Where did you come from? What does your terrified face look like?”
All this was said in a flat, monotonous voice, which only served to add to its terrifying effect. Without waiting for an answer, the entity continued, “You are nothing. You exist to be nothing. You come from nothing. And your terrified face... looks like this!”
Without warning, the figure sprung forward, an arm outstretched in Alza's direction. She jumped backwards, his cold fingers missing her face by mere inches. He took another step forward, his unused arm coming forward and ending in a bunched fist. It connected with her abdomen, sending pain shooting through her body. She flew back, before landing on the hard sand. Where his hand had connected, there now lingered numerous static sparks, numbing the area in seconds. The numbness spread down her right leg, rendering it unusable. The man raised a hand to the sky, palm upwards. The clouds above crackled and a sudden, biting wind ran through the area.
“The skies, heed my call. For me, they will destroy all! For me, they will destroy you!”
The clouds darkened, with a white patch forming in the dead centre. From within the spot, a lance of lightning broke through, heading straight for Alza's undefended heart. Time slowed. The air seemed to gain a violet tinge. A voice rang out in Alza's mind, saying, “Is this really it? It this all you are capable of? You disappoint me, little girl!”
The voice acted as a switch, snapping Alza away from wherever her terror had taken her. She felt her body begin to fill with power, as she performed a back-flip that would put a professional gymnast to shame. The bolt struck her after-image, before draining away into the earth. However, she had little time to congratulate herself, as another dozen white patches had formed above. They stuck as one, as precise as heat-seeking missiles. A simple acrobatic manoeuvre wouldn't cut it this time. Instead, she mustered the power bubbling within her, directing it into the sand beneath her. It rose up in a great earthy curtain, completely surrounding her. The lightning struck, the intensity of the attack turning the sand to glass before her very eyes. She was left standing in a still-cooling glass bubble, some ten feet high and just as wide.
“I will never run away! My only way is forward!”
Alza sent out a shock wave from her core, shattering the dome into hundreds of razor sharp pieces. Another shock wave froze them in place, each pane showing her reflection as they slowly spun through the air. She raised a hand, and the shards aligned themselves accordingly. 
“Be gone, lightning-king.” 
With a flick of her wrist, the jagged fragments sped towards their target at extraordinary speed, before piercing him through and through. Although the wounds looked fatal, the man with red hair never stopped smiling. Blood ran down his cheeks from his soulless eyes, creating a truly terrifying visage. He faded away, his voiceless laugh still ringing in her ears.
Alza turned around, not wholly unsurprised to see a familiar figure in the distance. The woman standing on the distant hill shook out her dark black locks, her sapphire eyes connecting with Alza's violet one's for a moment. 
“Ion. So this phantom was her doing. What is her true objective?” However, the figure had disappeared once more, after uttering a simple yet foreboding statement, “One.” 
Rubbing her numbed limbs back into life, she carried on, hesitant to stay in the area, lest the man who wielded thunder and lightning return. Alza chided herself, stating that she was born without fear, but some part of her protested, saying that what she had felt was not fear, but the feeling of one's death rapidly approaching, without having the strength to prevent it. 
“Yes,” thought Alza, “That's called life.”
Her injured abdomen aside, she did not appear to have any other lacerations or bruises. However, her extended use of her powers had left her physically weakened, and after a few half-hearted steps, she slumped to the ground. She looked at her dirtied hands, which only minutes ago had worked miracles and death. She still did not fully understand what slept within her, only that it appeared to respond to her will and instinct. It was a fickle thing, seemingly with a mind of its own, as it would help her one minute and scorn her the next. Apparently, it was not to be used flippantly, as it left a great strain on her body. It was hard to control, but devastating when used correctly. 
*
Alza sat there for at least an hour, trying to regain her composure. Her breaths were shallow and quick, as her body tried to get ever increasing amounts of oxygen into her body to speed up her recuperation. Eventually, she felt a portion of her strength return to her legs, allowing her to stand once more. She soon reached the top of the next dune. Searching with tired eyes for her destination, she found it. It lay where it always had, its leafy embrace a welcoming sight. 
She took a step towards it, before stopping dead in her tracks. Another figure stood in her way, standing coolly unperturbed on the opposite dune. For a moment, she thought that the red-haired man had returned, and her blood froze. But this new obstacle wore a white podsuit with golden accents. His spiked, white hair was a mirror image of her own, but the malicious aura he gave off set them apart. His eyes were closed, as if he had suddenly decided to take a nap whilst still standing.
And then, he spoke, and everything fell apart, “You are the failure. You are the reject. Broken toys need to be destroyed. That's what He said... and His word is law!” 
With a speed that defied logic, the figure moved towards Alza, somehow finding her location through closed eyes. She tried to evade, but her earlier escapades had robbed her of the necessary strength to do so. He landed before her, hands instantly gripping her neck. It was at that moment that he chose to raise his lids, revealing a pair of crimson eyes. They glowed from within, as if they were merely a portal to a burning netherworld. His grip tightened, choking her of air and rational thought. The snake might as well have been made out of string when compared to the strength in his hands. 
“Resistance is unacceptable. Accept your flawed fate!” 
Alza felt her feet leave the ground but could do nothing to stop it. She felt like a rag doll in his powerful grip.
She retreated, not physically, but to the deepest recesses of her mind. She hoped to coax her power out from its hiding spot. It was her only advantage. It refused to budge, however, as if it shared her hopeless viewpoint. Suddenly, she felt another mind enter her own, forcing its way through her brittle defences. 
It was hostile, originating from the young man who even now had her at his mercy. His mind probed deeper, ripping apart her memories in an attempt to reach her cowering form. In a startling revelation, she realised that the same power that dwelt within her existed within him, though he appeared to have much greater control over it. 
He used it to augment his mental attack, as he ripped through a memory of her first meeting with Ion. The memory unravelled and shattered at the same time, its countless shards dispersing into the darkness that was her mind. She cried out in pain, both from the destruction of her memory and from his tightening grip on her physical self. It was a strange experience, to feel pain from both the body and mind at the exact same time, and Alza had no desire to feel it again. 
The probe drew closer, the only thing standing between it and her being Alza's memory of meeting Barsch. It had taken on the appearance of a bluish-green sphere, its contents playing a looped version of the memory. Although the image was blurred, Alza could still make out her own solitary figure, standing stock-still in the unfamiliar glade before encountering the earnest looking youth as he wandered in, full of worry and doubt. 
The probe reached out with a crimson tentacle, striking the sphere with brutal force. A large crack spread from the area of impact, almost fully encircling the memory. One more blow would shatter it, erasing the moment from Alza's mind forever. Stubbornly, Alza said, “No, you can't have it!” 
At that moment, the power sleeping within chose to awaken, its violet light filling her mind. The probe recoiled from the luminescence, as if it was being burned. It fled from her, chased by the raging light. Suddenly, the presence disappeared, as if it had never been. Alza opened her eyes, expecting to see the crimson-eyed stranger before her. But he was nowhere to be found, with no mark nor footprint that suggested he had ever been there in the first place. 
“Ion once again. That's one powerful enemy after another. Is she trying to kill me? No, even I know that that’s not true. But… I could feel it, the red-haired man and the crimson-eyed boy had been holding back their true strength. They could have killed me easily enough, even if they were illusions. I hope that I never meet the things that Ion based them on…”  
Alza turned, searching for the tell-tale blue cloak. There, Ion stood, hair whipping back and forth in the breeze. Once more, she left as soon as she was spotted, but not before changing her earlier statement to “Two.” And with that she was gone, leaving Alza with more questions than answers. She felt the raised ring of skin around her neck, reminiscent of her earlier serpentine encounter. 
“Almost strangled to death twice in one day, what are the chances?” 
The weariness from before had returned, stronger than ever. The pain from her neck and stomach seemed to combine, filling her with unease. She knew that progress would be impossible unless something was done, so, before her power drained away once more, she mentally rounded it up and redirected it to her aching legs, giving them much-needed support. Immediately, she felt her strength begin to drain, as the prolonged use of her power began to take its toll. However, with her reinforced ligaments, she was able to speed up her pace, allowing her to cover immense stretches of rough ground with seemingly little effort.
*
She walked on in this way for several more hours, all the while feeling her strength fade. She knew that she had only a limited amount of time before her legs failed her completely, and she was resolved to reach the safety of the oasis before that happened. Eventually, she arrived at a strange rock formation: two gigantic pillars of rock bridged by a narrower piece. From her angle, it looked like an earthly gate, though the opposite side did not appear to be different in any way. As she approached, she noticed another figure, this one leaning on one of the stone pillars. 
“Another enemy? This time, I'll finish it before it has a chance to attack.”
She stealthily crept near, while mustering what remained of her strength into one, powerful blow. Once she was in position, she leap forward, whilst extending a tendril of power towards her foe. It was perfectly executed, and would have undoubtedly slain all but the most resilient enemies, but something made her stop. 
The figure turned towards her and smiled, saying, “Alza! I'm so glad you're okay! I've been looking everywhere for you!”
Barsch turned towards the now stunned Alza, cheerfully continuing, “You have no idea how worried I've been! Come with me, I know a short-cut to the oasis.”
“What about Kingston and Maloch? Did you find them?” Something was wrong, but she could not figure out what it was. 
Something about his eyes…
“What! Who cares about that old geezer and that bag of bolts! Now hurry up, we have to get there before nightfall!”
Barsch reached out his hand and took hold of Alza's slender digits, trying to coax her into following him. She resisted, trying to pull her hand from his firm grasp. 
He was… wrong, in every way.
“What's wrong Alza? Don't you want to come with me?” The thing’s voice was sickeningly sweet. Alza felt the bile rise in her stomach as Its words settled into her mind.
“No. You aren't Barsch. You are nothing more than an illusion. A mirage made for the sole reason of hampering my progress.”
Bars- Its face transformed into one of surprise, as it said, “What are you talking about? It's me, Barsch! What has gotten into you?”
 “Barsch would never say those things about Kingston or Maloch. He would never abandon them to save his own skin. You are an imposter. Be gone from my sight.”
She saw it now. Its eyes were empty. There was no life, no hope, no thought behind those eyes. They reminded her of the red-haired man, and made her step back. With a firm tug, she removed her hand from his. 
“I see. You're sick, that's all. I just need to cut you open... and see what's wrong with your insides, right?” said the thing pretending to be Barsch with a sickening grin. In one deft movement, he brought out Lanista, twirling it around his head with an expertise the real Barsch did not have. Bringing it down to the ground, he pulled the ripcord, filling the air with its customary roar. The metal teeth began their slow circuit around the blade, picking up speed as they completed revolution after revolution. 
Although Alza had seen it in action before, it was still a fearsome weapon to behold. Barsch swung the screaming blade forward, driving it towards Alza's chest. She moved on instinct, though her fatigue slowed her down just enough for an errant tooth to leave a strip of blood on her collarbone. It stung for a moment, before fading away. Alza's power was still coursing through her body, healing her. 
“Alza, do you know why I helped you back then, in the glade? No? I didn't think so. I did it because I pitied you, since someone so weak and feeble would die if she didn't rely on others to do all the hard work. That's what you are to me, a burden of responsibility and mercy, nothing more, nothing less. So, if I kill you now, I'll be free. Free from you, free from that old man, and free from my destiny. So, won't you let me kill you? Pretty please?” The thing wearing Barsch’s face smiled at her, but it did not reach his eyes. They, however, had their own smile: the smile of the truly insane.
He attacked once more, this time a vicious downwards swipe that Alza barely managed to avoid. He was relentless in his onslaught, and soon Alza was covering in scrapes and gashes, as her blood dyed the sand red. Barsch hopped back, preparing for the next wave of attacks, allowing Alza time enough to heal her wounds. 
“This is going nowhere! I don't have the strength to attack and I don't have the speed to flee. My only chance is to wait for him to tire. He is only human after all...”
It was then that Alza realized her mistake. She had been subconsciously treating the figure before her as the real Barsch, when in fact he was no more than a shade, created by Ion for an unknown purpose. 
“If he isn't real, then neither is his blade. I've already won this fight, Ion!”
Barsch came forth with renewed vigour, thrusting Lanista directly at Alza. In spite of her instincts desperately telling her otherwise, she refused to evade. It felt real: the sound of the spinning teeth, the smell of burning fuel... and the touch of cold metal as it pierced her chest. She could clearly feel the blade burrow deeply, before lodging one inch below her throbbing heart. From the instant it connected, she knew it was a fatal wound, which was reinforced by the rivulet of blood that leaked from the site of impact. The teeth were still churning, cutting up her insides. She felt a stream of blood pour from her soft, pink lips, splattering the black blade with crimson life. She looked into her killer's eyes and saw nothing: no remorse, no joy, no hatred.
With a shaking voice, she managed to say, “You... You are not Him... You will never be Him...” As she uttered those words, the pain began to fade, as her power fought desperately to fix the unfixable wound. She closed her eyes, and her body began to feel weightless. 
“So this is what it feels like to die... However, I really doubt that I can be killed by something that isn't even there, right, Ion?”
She opened her eyes, not particularly surprised to find herself alone once more. The phantom feeling of the blade had disappeared, leaving behind no trace. Barsch, or rather, the thing that had called itself Barsch, had vanished. The blood, her blood, sank into the earth as she watched. As with the other two, she could still feel where the blade had pierced her flesh, though in her mind she knew that what she had seen, what she had felt, was nothing more than an illusion. This time, she didn't even turn around to face the perpetrator.
“Three for three, I'm impressed. I guessed that you would be able to beat the first two without much trouble; but I thought for sure that you would try and kill Barsch in self-defence.” 
“That… that thing was not Barsch, as you very well know. Now, are you finished? Have you grown tired of these childish tricks? Or do you still wish to test my patience?” she said as she turned to face Ion. The blue-garbed woman stood a few feet away from her. Her face was a mask, but Alza would swear that she saw a hint of respect in those deep blue eyes.
“Now now, calm down, little girl. I didn't mean any harm by what I did, I just wanted to see how you would react. Don't worry, you passed my test with flying colours, though how did you know that Barsch wouldn't kill you?”
“As I said before, it wasn't Barsch. He did not exist, so therefore neither did his blade. I was never in any danger.”
“Hmm... well, no, that's not entirely true. The blade was very real. The only variable in the situation was you. If you had continued to see that illusion as Barsch, it would have killed you and there would have been nothing I nor anyone else could do about it. In the end, your steadfast belief that Barsch would never willingly attack you rendered the blade powerless.”
“And if I had struck back? If I had destroyed him like the others?”
Ion's face darkened for a moment, and she said, “Then... we probably wouldn't be having this conversation right now.”
Alza suddenly decided that she had no desire to learn what could have happened if she had acted differently. Instead, she stared into Ion’s eyes and asked the question that had been long delayed, “What are you?”
However, Ion had already begun to fade away, her body evaporating in the afternoon sun. Just before she completely vanished, she whispered, “I think the real question is… what are you, Alza?”
Once more, Alza found that she could not answer. However, she made a vow to herself that day, that she would find out where she had come from and who she really was, no matter the cost. Where, Ion had stood, only moments before, lay a shallow pool of clear, cold water. Alza took advantage of this phenomena and drank to her heart's content, feeling the cool liquid wash away some of her weariness. As she passed under the stone gate, she felt an odd sense of peace, and she knew that she had just taken another step towards her goal.
*
She walked on for another hour, as the sun slowly sank towards the horizon. The green speck in the distance had grown increasingly bigger, and she soon fancied that she could make out the hard bark of the palms and smell the refreshing breeze from the greenery. On impulse, she directed a tendril of power into her mind, targeting the area where she had been attacked. Directing the power via her will, she sought out the shards of the broken memory, though she could no longer remember what exactly the memory had contained. 
The tendril split into many, scattering and searching throughout her mind. One by one, the pieces came to her, lulled in by the tendrils. She began to reform them, using her power as the glue that would hold them together. Soon, the fragments had completely reassembled themselves into a brilliant multi-coloured sphere. As soon as the last piece clinked into place, the memory returned to her, filling her with the details of her first encounter with Ion.
Satisfied with her reconstruction, she began to withdraw the tendril, when another shard suddenly appeared before her. It did not belong to the recently fixed memory, of that much she was sure. Tentatively, she reached out, connecting with it. For an instant, she received a vision of the desert, though it was a part of it that she had never seen before. Intrigued, she sought out the rest of the fragments, calling to them in the same way as before. Slowly but surely, they came, slotting neatly into place. She began to feel the strain of using so much of her power at once, but she ignored it in her desire to reconstruct the memory. 
A few moments later, it was complete: another multi-coloured sphere, identical in every way to the first except for one crucial difference. She reached out and embraced the swirling ball of memories and was instantly transported to a different world.
She was still in the desert, that much was sure, though it was obviously in a different time and place. She hovered, several feet above the ground, waiting for something to happen. Another entity soon appeared, walking in a slow, steady manner. Its long, white hair was blown around in the breeze, and its violet eyes seemed dull and lifeless. 
Alza knew immediately who she was looking at: herself. The memory did not seem to notice her, and why should it? This was nothing more than a recollection after all. The memory Alza walked calmly, in no hurry or worry. She did not even notice her surroundings, crossing dune after dune in a slow, unchanging pace. 
“So this is what I was like before I met Barsch. It's rather unsettling. How did she... I, survive?” 
The answer was soon presented to her as a lone hare leaped in front of the memory. As she approached, the rabbit sensed a change in the environment, emanating from the strange two-legged figure. It tried to draw nearer, its inquisitive nature getting the best of it, but it suddenly stopped, still twelve paces away from the girl. Immediately, it turned away and hurried back to wherever it had come from, not daring to look back. Alza glided closer, feeling the malicious aura the rabbit had felt only moments before. Not only that, but she could feel something push against her as she tried to get closer.
It was a bubble of air, completely surrounding the past version of herself. It repulsed everything: heat, cold; predators and helpless onlookers. It would have taken a lot of energy to keep up the shield continuously, but she did not show any discomfit or weakness. Alza could see the flow of the power within her, constantly replenishing any lost nutrients and keeping the body fit. Time seemed to accelerate, and Alza watched her other self walk miles in minutes. Soon, they reached the end of the desert, the memory not stopping once in its relentless march. Alza watched as she traversed plains, forged rivers and climbed mountains, for countless days and weeks. Eventually, the accelerated time of the memory reverted to the norm as it neared its destination.  
They had arrived in a place that was strangely familiar to Alza. A large forest loomed on the horizon, the fading sunlight deepening its natural shadows.  Her memory was still walking, though every once and a while she would stumble and fall, before picking herself up and continuing. Although it was invisible to most, to Alza, the bubble of air that kept the memory safe had begun to fall apart. Small holes had appeared, growing larger with every minute. They passed by a hut, its sole occupant sleeping by the fireplace. Based on what Barsch had told her, in a few minutes, the figure would wake up and go hunting for dinner. They left the area, unseen.
A few moments later, they came upon a dead glade. The passive purification exuded by her younger self immediately set to work, quickly returning life to the dead clearing. This proved to be the last straw for her worn-out body, as the bubble rippled, before finally collapsing. Alza's memory fell to her knees, bereft of the energy needed to stand. She glanced to the north, perhaps sensing the naïve teenager on route to the glade. With a soft sigh, she stood on shaky legs, her eyes seeming to see the star laden sky for the first time. Something made a sound at the opposite end of the glade, something with two legs and a thumping heart. As Alza -the real one- turned around, the memory ended. The last thing she saw was a pair of worried greenish blue eyes regard her past self with astonishment. She did not need to see the rest, she had already lived through what happened next. 
Alza re-awoke to the real world, noticing that her body had continued walking whilst her mind was busy. She looked up and saw that her destination, the life-giving oasis, was almost within her grasp. She had arrived without even noticing. 
She took a step forward, noting that the ground beneath her felt strangely loose. Roughly ten paces to her right, a large section of the desert floor had disappeared, leaving behind a gaping chasm. All around her, she could see many more holes in the sand and knew that there were probably many more than what she could see. From that moment on, she tread lightly, lest she fall into the bowels of the earth. 
In this manner did she make her way towards the oasis. However, no sooner had she started this treacherous crossing, did she feel a tremor beneath her feet. She already knew what would happen so she took off in a flat-sprint, hoping to reach the green sanctuary before the quake came in full.
She almost made it, she almost got past the last group of holes, but it was not to be. 
Her strength, drained by the day's events, failed her at the last. The earthquake came, chasing her down. Where it went, it wrought destruction, tearing at the earth and exposing the chasms in full. She witnessed the sand beneath her fall away in slow motion, as the ground violently convulsed. She was helpless, left to fall into the widening abyss beneath her. 
*
She did not know how long she had fallen for, only that it had been a rather painful experience that she would rather not go through again. She lay there -sand blocking her vision, pressure crushing her lungs- for what seemed like a long time. She drifted in and out of consciousness as her body fought to stay awake. She was barely aware of the halo of dusk sun high above. 
She could no longer feel anything from her right leg, and several cuts and bruises sapped her remaining strength. Miraculously Kingston’s medicine bag had survived the fall, in defiance of logic and the immutable law of gravity. Eventually, the dust cleared, revealing a grotesque sight. She was in a large cavern, far, far below the surface. 
Thankfully, several holes in the rocky ceiling provided light and oxygen. Alza began to cough, the stuffy air of the cave overwhelming her body. After her coughing fit subsided she tried to stand, and found out the reason for her discomfort. A large boulder, most likely dislodged in the earthquake, lay atop her right leg in full, pinning it under several tonnes of rock. 
There was no pain at the moment, but she knew from experience that her body was still in shock, and that there would be plenty of pain when that wore off. She tried to push the boulder while sliding her leg back, hoping to wrench it loose. It was no use, the boulder refused to move and the nerves leading to her leg were unresponsive.
She suddenly noticed a vile, nauseating stench in the air that resulted in several minutes’ worth of painful retching. It was the stench of concentrated pollution, though how she knew that was beyond her. With her energy drained, she was no longer capable of purifying the air around her. The miasma took advantage of this, pervading her body and fouling her mind. She could only lie there, as powerless as a new-born, pondering her fate. 
“Perhaps this is how it should be: living alone, dying alone, never trusting, never feeling, never living. This is the perfect fate for someone like me... someone who doesn't even know who or what she is...” 
Suddenly an image of blue-green eyes raced across her mind. “I wonder if they will worry about me? I wonder if they will even know I'm gone...”
“You disappoint me, Daughter of None! I thought that you were stronger than this…”
And just like that, Ion was there, one arm resting on the boulder that held Alza captive. Alza could not remember seeing her arrive. It was as if she had always been there, but invisible to the senses. She did not seem to even notice the pollution that swirled invisibly around her, as she stood there with a calm and collected look on her face. 
“I do not need your help, Ion, now or ever,” said Alza in a dry, wheezing voice. A sudden coughing fit rather undermined her statement, but her eyes never lost their stubborn defiance.
“Hmm... are you sure about that? It looks like you're in quite a dangerous situation from here. Am I mistaken?”
“You are. I will not perish here.”
“And just what gives you so much confidence, little girl?”
“I have confidence because there is something that I must do, something that I need to discover.” Another flash of blue and green filled Alza’s mind for a heartbeat. 
“And… there are people out there who are waiting for me.”
“And when you re-unite with these people, what will you do then?” Ion was leaning forward now, seemingly having a great interest in Alza’s answer.
Alza coughed, noting the blood that remained on her hand as she did so. “I will find out my true identity, no matter the cost, no matter how long it takes.”
“And if what you find is terrible?”
“Then... then I will accept it nonetheless, because it's who I am”
“I truly hope you hold onto that conviction, and never forget what you said this day...” Ion reached down and placed a slender hand on Alza's forehead. It was cool, but refreshing. 
“Here. Think of it as an apology, and a promise.” Alza could suddenly feel her energy begin to return, as it flowed effortlessly between the two women. 
The gift of strength reinvigorated her, clearing her mind of her pessimistic thoughts and allowing her to focus her power. She channelled it into the core of the boulder, seeking out any cracks or fissures that would indicate a fault in the rock. There, running like a cobweb throughout the stone, were a multitude of micro-fractures. Years of natural wear and tear had weakened the structure to the point where all it needed was a good strong push and it would crumble. 
Alza focused her power, forming a lance of energy in her mind, which she then thrust into the heart of the rock. Nothing seemed to happen for several heartbeats, then, in a sudden rush of destruction, the boulder came apart. Fist sized chunks rained down, none miraculously striking Alza. 
Without waiting another moment, Alza sent a surge of power into her crushed leg, restoring it to its former operational glory in a matter of seconds. She stretched out her restructured limb, testing it out. It still felt quite numb, as the nerve endings had been slow to reconnect. She glanced up, searching for Ion. She was there, right beside her, offering her a hand.
“Do you think you can make it the rest of the way alone?”
Alza brushed aside the offered hand, whilst standing up with a grimace of effort. “Just watch me,” she said, whilst walking off into the gloom. 
The cavern had multiple exits, but somehow Alza knew which one to take, as if something at the end was calling out to her. The light from above had grown dim, signalling the end of another day. Alza did not fancy sleeping in a pollution filled tunnel, so she pressed on, determined to escape before nightfall. 
She traversed tunnel after tunnel, the holes above acting like lanterns, lighting her path. She passed cathedrals of extravagant stalactites, drank from frigid underground streams, and observed hundreds of millennia old cave paintings, which were so faded that there original message had been lost.
Often, she would hear strange sounds and growls from the dark tunnel offshoots, but she paid these no heed. The creatures, if that is what they were, did the same. At one point, she fancied that someone or something was watching her, but the feeling disappeared as quickly as it had come.
Soon, the tunnel began to slope upwards, first at a gentle gradient, then at a steep slope. Alza struggled upwards, knowing that salvation lay ahead. A halo of fading sunlight shone down from above, seemingly pulling her up to its warming embrace. After what seemed like an eternity of arduous climbing, Alza reached the hole. 
It was smaller than she had anticipated, prompting her to crawl on hands and knees. She placed Kingston's medicine bag in front, not wanting its fragile contents to be broken now, when she was so close to her goal. She squirmed and twisted, searching for every nook and cranny in the tight area. More than once she felt as though she was stuck, but there would always be a way forward, as if the earth itself was trying to keep her alive.
At long last, she reached the exit. She straightened up slowly, her body still sore from being compressed for so long. She stretched, feeling the last of her power slip away as she did so. To her surprise, she had emerged within a stone's throw of the oasis, its leafy boughs speaking of rest and safety. She trudged forward, urging her body to stay strong. As she neared the shade, she noticed a figure lying face-down in the sand. It was as still as a statue, one arm stretching out to the just out of reach shade. Alza approached cautiously, her past experiences with mysterious figures justifying her lack of urgency. She drew near, beyond surprised at what she saw. 
Barsch lay there, unconscious, unresponsive, like a corpse. For a heart-stopping moment, Alza thought him dead, but a shallow pulse alleviated her fears. He had obviously endured much to make it here, evidenced by his rag-tag appearance and multiple cuts and bruises. An unidentified rotting stench suddenly pervaded her nostrils, reawakening her thoughts of death. Her eyes wandered down, to his blood-stained pants leg. Rolling him onto his back, she found the source of the stench. 
His leg was badly broken, and infection had set in. It looked painful, and would have been almost impossible to walk on. For a moment, Alza wondered how he had made it this far, but she chalked his survival up to his superhuman stubbornness. He was in an exposed position, the diminished sunlight robbing him of the strength he would need to stave off death. She pondered her situation for a moment, before reaching a conclusion.
Grabbing his arms, she began to drag him towards the trunk of a nearby palm. He was heavier than she had anticipated, which made progress slow. 
“Honestly, I'm at my limit already. Why do I have to care for someone else when I can barely stand? It makes no sense.” 
Although she thought this, she continued on nonetheless. She fell more than once, her exhaustion temporarily overwhelming her resolve, but, after dusting herself off, she would grab Barsch's hands and carry on. 
Eventually, they reached the sanctuary of the palm, and Alza lowered the sleeping Barsch to the sandy floor. His face was calm and peaceful, despite the life-threatening injury that he held. She was just about to attend to it when her body said “no more”, and she silently collapsed beside her companion, her head cushioned by his chest. 
*
The light of dawn is said to be the best alarm clock in the world, however, it went unnoticed by the two sleeping figures lying far below. The sun was already high in the sky when Maloch finally awoke from his sleep-mode. As per his programming he ran a pre-operation systems check, which went as follows:
“Analysing structural damage... seventy percent. Compounding likelihood of critical systems failure... moderately likely. Computing power levels... ninety-three percent power retained. Engaging emotion engine... successful. Caution, emotion emulation is unstable. Extreme emotional states not advised. Proceeding with local environment scan... scanning... scanning... scan complete: no immediate threats detected. One human detected, serial number... KINGSTON.”
It was then that Maloch noticed that something was wrong with his companion. Still asleep, he directed his sensors towards the immobile hermit.
“Status... unresponsive, unconscious, minimal brain activity detected. Pulse dropping. Heart-rate... low and arrhythmic. Medical intervention advised. Resuming start-up procedure. Weapons status... R. Hand weapon unlocked. L. Hand weapon locked. Attempting to unlock LSR... necessary power would deplete core and limit functionality. Proceed? Unlock attempt terminated. Re-plotting course to oasis... eight hours travel time estimated, allowing for lessened mobility caused by additional weight. Pre-operational check complete. Booting up in three, two, one.”
Maloch sat up with pre-programmed rigidity, still sluggish as the last of his sub-systems booted up. He glanced around, noting Kingston's shrivelled figure by the cave entrance. The man did not respond when Maloch called out his name, nor did he say anything after being gently shook. Using a sensor embedded in his palm, Maloch scanned the old man from head to toe. A few seconds of calculation revealed that Kingston had serious internal bleeding and minor head trauma, most likely from the rough plane crash. 
Even without looking Maloch knew that he was in no position to treat Kingston. The old man’s only help lay elsewhere, so that’s where he needed to be. There was no point in waiting around any longer. Maloch bent down and scooped up Kingston's unnaturally light body, cradling it in his massive arms. He thought of his programming, of the countless built-in commandments that forced him to act in humanity's best interests; and then he carefully thought up a statement that would excuse him from helping the dying human in his grip. 
It was fool proof, like anything he came up with, as it took advantage of several loopholes and sub-clauses that would prove his innocence if he was ever tried for negligence… or homicide. Not that there was anyone capable of accusing him, given the current state of humanity. Having covered his bases in terms of accountability, he set off towards the distant oasis with a lumbering gait.
Maloch initially had trouble traversing the soft sand, as Kingston's added weight meant that his feet sunk in deeper with every step. To pass the time, Maloch took to scanning and cataloguing every interesting or unusual thing he found, reasoning that one never knew what could become important later on. Additionally, he set to fixing the smaller cracks and fractures in his outer hull, using a miniature blowtorch stored in his thumb. Igniting the gas, he began to weld shut all of the breached areas he could reach, before setting to work on some of the larger injuries. The large dent in his chest panel required a tricky manoeuvre involving a suction hose and a 0.01 percent sonic burst, but he somehow managed to avoid blowing himself apart. 
After doing what he could for his external damage, he turned to his internal woes. His core generator had a small crack running through the equator that had steadily been growing larger, which was remedied by directing a swarm of nanomachines to solder the crack on a microscopic scale. He was reluctant to do so, as every re-mech was given a limited number of the handy machines. They were notoriously difficult to mass-produce and had a tendency to expire after a handful of jobs. Still, it was necessary, as a malfunctioning core would spell the end of him, as it provided everything from his processing capabilities to his power management. 
Having set the minuscule robots to work, he turned to his extremities, where he soon found a hydraulic leak from a tube that led to his left leg. It was fixed with a directed spark from another finger, the spark partially melting the tube and then sealing the tiny hole without trace. The only other damage he registered was to his skeletal chassis which would eventually compromise his structural stability. That, however, would have to wait until he reached a certified re-mech repair station, as he lacked the necessary items with which to fix it. 
Another troubling affliction was the damage done to his memory banks, which left him with partial, unconnected memories that did not follow one another in a logical order. Even this malady was nothing compared to damage done to the emotion engine, which governed his ability to emulate human emotions whilst simultaneously restricting his range of emotions to manageable levels.
While he could do nothing about his emotion engine, he could at least try to recover some of his less fragmented memories. He set a back-up CPU to coding a program that would do just that, and reviewed his available memories while he waited. His earliest memory was waking up in the now defunct Carçus City, surrounded by three humanoids who had asked him several strange questions. Back then, he had chosen to follow them, despite knowing nothing of their intentions or motives. Even now, Maloch still did not know whether or not he had made the right decision that day. He attributed it to what humans called ‘shock’; that is, his newly awakened system had been unable to make correct decisions at the time and had merely gone along with their suggestions. 
Once he had decided to accompany them, his commandment programming took over, rendering him incapable of denying their requests, no matter how much personal risk they entailed. He had been battered, broken and tossed around without so much as a single word of protest, which was something he had grown accustomed to in his long life of servitude. Crossing a structurally unsound sky-bridge, falling down an elevator shaft, using up all of his power to jump-start an escape vehicle. To most re-mech, these actions would have been carried out in a complacent and reserved manner, but to Maloch, they just sounded wrong no matter how he phrased them. For him to question his programming meant that the damage to his emotion limiters must be worse than he originally thought.
Before he was able to continue on this particular line of thought, an alert popped up on his HUD, notifying him of the program's completion. 
“Do I really want to do this? What will happen to me if what I see contradicts my actions up until now? How will I know how to react?” 
Before he could persuade himself to stop, he activated the program, watching its pulsing progress bar inch ever closer to 100% completion. It seemed to take an age, as the program manually went through each damaged memory and attempted to recover what it could. It was a slow, arduous process that would have tested the patience of an ordinary being to its limits. But Maloch was no ordinary being, he was a re-mech, and the ability to wait for long periods of time for a future event was practically built into his base code. 
“Memory recovery successful. Percentage of memories recovered... five comma three percent. Beginning memory playback in three, two, one...”
*
Seven thousand, that is how many brothers I have at this very moment. They stand beside me, stretching away into the distance. The roar of the factory overloads my newly made sensors as automated manufacturing machines create more copies of me, without a single human in sight. Human? I query my databanks, and receive a long-winded lecture on human culture and history for my curiosity. In my own voice, I tell myself that they are my masters, whom I cannot disobey, whom I must serve in any and all capacities. I try to question why I should do this, but my programming shuts down my ability to do so, a simple warning banner flashing across my HUD, reminding me that I am incapable of free thought. It seems unfair, but my programming forces me to accept that this is reality. 
A large magnetized crane hovers above, raising my brethren into the smoke-filled sky and depositing them into an egg-shaped machine far below. I watch as one of my fellow re-mech enters, eyes still unlit. In less than a minute, it emerges, its eyes now a dull green. Upon its chest, a serial number has been emblazoned in red and black lettering. It reads, “76603-M”, denoting both the re-mech's name and purpose. From its serial number and the large green cross etched into its shoulder, I know it to be a medical model. Wherever it ends up, it will bring comfort to the sick and injured. Using a piece of polished shrapnel beside me, I glance at my own badge of duty. Two crossed swords... the mark of a soldier. I will be sent to kill and maim, bringing terror and fear to those around me. This is not an objection. It is simply what I am.
The crane hovers above, roughly lifting me from my post-natal cradle. It shoves me inside the egg-shaped device. Inside, dozens of tubes and circuit wafers connect with my docking ports. My sensors register a temperature increase on my chest-plate, no doubt the work of the emblazoning machine as it carves my entire identity into six meaningless digits. Humans have names, yet we re-mech are not alive, so we must make due with bar-codes and serial numbers. Is that all we are? Products to be used until we break, and then discarded in favour of the latest model? The screen in front of me flashes up the results of the diagnostic. “No external anomalies detected. No viruses detected. Re-mech number 76654-B cleared for active service. Deployment area: Northern front-lines. Name of nearest settlement-
“Error. Memory fragmentation detected. Aborting memory A-001 playback in three, two, one.”
“So, I was born a soldier, and somewhere along the line I became a builder? From the sound of it, I was created during the South Wars as a battle-mech. My advanced weapons systems seem to be a remnant of this past life. I might as well watch the next memory in sequence to see what happened to me.” 
Maloch glanced down at the frail human in his arms, noting Kingston's slower heartbeat and feverish temperature. He had mere hours before he succumbed to his injuries. Maloch picked up his pace, despite complaints from his power management sub-systems. He went through his mainframe, looking for any information that could help. Eventually, he found it in the herbal remedies section. By combining the effects of several plants and weeds that grew in the area, he reasoned he could create a blood clotting tonic which would stop the old man's internal bleeding. 
Additionally, by using the poison of three separate arachnids, he could create a toxin that would restore Kingston to a semblance of functionality. Now all that was left was to locate the required items, which would not be an easy task given the size and scope of the desert. Setting his sensors to automatically scan for the ingredients, he activated the next memory as a means to pass the time. 
“Beginning memory K-095 playback in three, two, one...”
*
Gunfire. Explosions. Incessant screams. These are the sounds of war. The weight of the Mjolnir equalizer in my left hand and the gentle hum of the sonic cannon in my right are my only companions. An aerial vehicle circles overhead, spitting out fire and death. 
There are three others like me on the battlefield, two belonging to the enemy. They bear countless bullet holes and large portions of their armour has been ripped away by anti-mech artillery. They raise their weapons, mirrors of my own, and an entire platoon of human soldiers disappears. 
The leader of my squad, a brash and unimaginative veteran, orders us forward, intent on taking out my formidable brethren. I march in step with the others, my role as a mobile shield fully realized. I look to my mechanical comrade, 54469-B, who has been fighting for a lot longer than I, and has a missing eye and arm to show for it. He notices my glance, and his remaining eye begins to light up and then dim for several seconds. It was machine Morse code, developed on the front-lines for clandestine communication. 
“Don't worry little one,” it had said, “We'll make it out of this battle in one piece.” It was an ironical statement coming from him, in his sorry state, but it was uplifting nonetheless.
I blink back, “Thank you elder, I certainly hope- 
I am in the midst of sending my reply when an unseen rocket removes what was left of 54469-B from the battlefield. That was the advantage of being a machine, we don't need to mourn the loss of our friends or get revenge, but nevertheless, I find myself turning towards the luckless soldier who had fired the RPG. I empty an entire clip of the Mjolnir into his frail, human body. Doing so was not an act of revenge, it was the logical course of action to take, at least, that's what I tell myself. 
The two enemy re-mechs have caught wind of our presence, and they swiftly move to intercept. I position myself between them and my human comrades, absorbing the majority of the bullets fired from their thundering weapons. The Mjolnirs are so loud that they deafen my sonic cannon by comparison. After making sure that the humans behind me have taken cover, I take off towards the re-mechs at full speed. The coin sized holes in my chassis slow me down considerably, but I am still fast enough to pull off a manoeuvre that has served me well in the past. 
Dodging hundreds of bullets, I near my targets, who are standing beside one another to create a wall of fire-power. I throw down my gun, its ammo depleted, and order my core to divert all remaining power to my right arm. The roar of the cannon intensifies, and I can feel the strain of diverting away so much power. I finally arrive at my targets location, sliding to a stop inches away from their steaming barrels. Knowing what is coming, I duck down, avoiding the sudden spray of bullets that whiz above my elongated head. Pointing my right arm upwards, I whisper to myself, “Activate Sonic Shell Mode...” 
“Scan complete. Items needed for one herbal medicine located. Time to target... One hour utilising maximum speed. Modify current course? Confirmed. New course set. Changing angular momentum in three, two, one...”
Maloch awoke from his memory, the phantom weight of the gun still lingering on his left arm. He had killed, he had lost much only to gain little, he had brought chaos and destruction into the world... and it had all been without complaint. He could resist his human masters until the world stopped turning, but in the end, his programming would force him to obey. 
However, once things had been different. Once, re-mechs around the world had said, “No more.” 
The result? Years of violence and bloodshed, resulting in the de-activation and scrapping of hundreds of thousands of his brothers. The new generation of re-mechs that had arisen after that cataclysmic event had been stripped of what little free will they had left, with dozens of new sub-routines that ensured their absolute compliance. 
He called up the scan details, noting how lucky he had been: nearly all of the required ingredients were located in close proximity. However, geographic data from the region indicated that it was treacherous to navigate, basically consisting of a massive stone maze carved out by wind over the millennia. 
He would have to navigate it himself by sight, as his out-dated maps would be useless. Additionally, there was no geo-sat in position above him, so requesting the central mainframe for updated topography maps would be impossible. He still had some time before he arrived, so he decided to watch another memory, this one from a more recent date. 
“Beginning memory ZZG-867 playback in three, two- warning: tectonic shift detected- one...”
*
A Different time. A Different place. A Different purpose. The same unchanging obligation. I walk forward, the grey sky overhead warning me off the coming storm. The rest of the reconstruction unit have spread themselves across the length and breadth of the city. Some of them are checking the buildings, making sure that nothing is out of place. Others are combing through the libraries and museums, scanning and digitizing everything they find, so that they may be reconstructed when the humans awaken. My purpose is to scout out the surrounding area, searching for any potentially hazardous obstacles. Not that there is anything in this silent city that could take down a re-mech. 
A short message pops up on my HUD, reading, “All sectors cleared. Time to detonation... One hour fifteen minutes. All re-mechs are to move to their assigned positions before blast detonation.”
 I feel an odd sense of relief, as I can finally leave this odious place. I begin the slow trek to the nearest city exit, eventually arriving at a dilapidated hospital. The topography of the area has changed since the last scan by the geographical satellite, necessitating another uplink with the mainframe. As my body links up with the system, I set my auditory sensors to monitor for any potential threats, just in case. Less than a minute later, my sensors detect the presence of multiple hostiles near my position. I open my eyes, staring in shock at the three humans standing before me.
Automatically, my voice calls out, “Humans detected trying to enter level-1 danger zone. Analysing chance of incurring fatal injuries… analysing… analysis complete. Chance is one in three. Activating Straitjacket protocol. Removing humans to nearest level-9 safety zone. Forced removal authorized. Engaging primary and secondary offensive programs. Calibrating bionics sensor. Releasing non-lethal munitions lock. Restricting handling strength to twenty-five percent. Correlating threat levels… threat levels minimal. Engaging all active targets.”
I reach toward the nearest human, hoping to subdue him before he injures himself in a brash act. Suddenly, a warning flashes across my HUD: “Unknown energy spike detected. Take cautionary measures.” 
I search for the source. The boy? No, he is paralysed from shock and fear. The old man? Doubtful, as he currently on the floor clutching his chest. If it is not coming from them, then who? Perhaps it's the steely eyed female. Her illuminated gaze pierces through to my core and, for the first time in my existence, I feel true fear. She raises her hand, whilst muttering something to herself. To my multi-spectrum sensors, she appears to be surrounded by a glowing halo of violet light, which pulses in rhythm with her steady heartbeat. She raises her hand higher and, in defiance of the laws of physics, I begin to rise in response. 
I rise higher and higher, apparently at the woman's whim. Another message, this one in bright red, signifying a catastrophic error or terminal situation. “Warning, outer hull damage rising. Core exposed. Time to total systems failure: one hundred seconds. Uploading program ‘Last Testament’ to mainframe for destruction report.” 
I can feel my body breaking, as the tiny human before me continues to break the laws of nature. There is no remorse in her shining eyes, only cold-hearted determination. The boy is screaming something now, though my malfunctioning auditory sensors prevent my understanding. In a sudden movement, he tackles her to the ground, the violet aura disappearing as soon as he touches her. 
For a moment, I feel relief.
Then I remember about the thirty feet of air between me and the hard concrete.
However, my mind is spared from the inevitable impact, as my systems have decided that I have sustained too much damage, and are shutting down for repairs. I approach the ground at a terminal velocity, the darkness claiming me inches away from the sturdy floor. 
“Forcefully cancelling memory ZZG-867 due to external concerns. Medium tectonic disturbance detected, earthquake imminent. Please take cover...”
For the third time in so many hours, Maloch snapped back to reality. He had reached the rock maze, with the items necessary for saving Kingston hidden away somewhere inside. A sudden tremor underfoot reminded Maloch of the impending danger. The shock had dislodged one of the many stone pillars that made up the area's namesake. 
Without pausing to think of the consequences, Maloch crouched down, shielding Kingston's frail body with his titanic frame. The first pillar fell, creating a domino effect that rippled throughout the area. Maloch felt each impact, as a multitude of rocks and debris rained down from above. He felt his back-plate begin to buckle, as the quake reached the height of its intensity. The freshly sealed cracks in his hull ripped open once more, and his core worked double-time to register each new injury. 
A readout on his HUD showed his damage percentage sky-rocket, from the manageable twenty-nine percent to the disastrous seventy-four percent. As the dust cleared and the last aftershock faded away, Maloch had a sudden feeling of being watched, though it was gone before his sensors could confirm it. 
He looked down at the old man in his arms. Kingston’s breath had grown ragged and his face had taken on a deathly hue. Maloch could most likely measure his time remaining in minutes now. With a mechanical groan, Maloch stood up, his buckled back-plate protesting against the sudden movement. 
They had been lucky -if such a human construct really existed- as the majority of the rocks had missed them completely. However, the fragile maze was gone, leaving behind massive piles of rubble that would take hours to navigate around and even longer to shovel aside. Maloch, for all his technological wonder, was at a loss at what to do.
“The most logical thing to do here would be to abandon the dying human and continue on to the oasis. There is no reason for me to place myself in further risk in order to save the life of one insignificant human. And if the others still live, I would be a greater help to them unburdened.” 
It was a treacherous thought, and would have earned him an immediate deactivation before the Great Sleep. However, even though he was programmed to prioritize human life above all else, he had ways and means of finding loopholes in his programming. He doubted that even his creators knew about his ability to cheat his own built-in reasoning. If they had, they most likely would have never let him leave the factory floor. 
It was at that time that a memory rose unbidden, a memory of a young man who had approached him even after being threatened and who had given him a name. Against all reason, Maloch began to search for a route to the medicinal plants, despite his logic core telling him otherwise.  
“My emotion engine really must be severely compromised for me to be thinking like this. To remain like this is a liability. I should endeavour to find a repair station and return to normal.” 
Despite this, there was a small part of him that thought differently, “However, it is refreshing, to be able to make my own decisions, and not always have to follow the most logical course of actions.” 
“Error. Unable to discern a route towards target. Geographical data has been altered. Estimated time to reconstructing area map... two hours. Error. Unidentified energy signature is nearing your location, please take evasive manoeuvres.” 
Maloch looked up from his brooding slump, only to see a multi-coloured luminescent ball of light drift lazily towards him. It was about a foot in diameter, and was partially transparent. At first, it seemed to move in random, inconsistent ways, but after watching it for a while, it seemed to follow a definitive pattern. It wafted over to Kingston's prone form, changing its primary colour to green as it did so. Maloch stepped forward, placing himself between the unknown entity and his companion. It ignored his existence, phasing right through him as it neared its target. At the sight of Kingston's state, it turned bright red and swelled to the size of a small boulder. It hovered above him, bouncing up and down in an urgent manner.
“You are the one who led us to the caves last night, if I’m not mistaken.” 
Even as the words left him he felt foolish. He was talking to a ball of light that was most likely caused by some local phenomenon. He really needed to repair his emotion engine.
The strange sphere of light turned banana yellow and returned to its original size. Judging from its change, Maloch guessed that he had been right. The creature returned to Kingston's side, somehow managing to look worried without the aid of a face or body. 
“Do you have a desire to help him?” There was no harm in speaking with it, he decided, after having run a best and worst case scenario program.
The sprite turned an incandescent pink and began bobbing up and down in furious agreement.
“I see. I may be able to heal him, but I need to find a certain area. It should have numerous flowers that don't appear anywhere else in the desert. Do you think you can help me?” 
He did not expect the glowing ball of luminescence to understand him, and even if it did he had no reason to believe that it would help him. He had simply run out of options, and talking with the illuminated sphere was somewhat comforting.
A moment later he was surprised when the orb took on a sapphire hue and rose into the atmosphere, darting this way and that until it had found what it had been looking for. Lowering itself to the ground once more, it ‘turned’ to Maloch and resumed its original multi-coloured appearance. 
“Its default state?” thought Maloch.
Maloch picked up the weakened Kingston and followed after the sphere, as it wove in and out of the rubble. At first, it seemed to choose the most improbable routes and the most out of reach paths, but after they failed to reach a dead-end, Maloch guessed that it had carefully mapped out the best route to take.
When the creature was waiting at a fork in the path, Maloch took the opportunity to scan it with his optical sensor. After several seconds of referencing and cross-referencing, his core database came back with nothing. It was not in any private, military or top-secret databases that existed nor could it be catalogued with any known plant, animal or inorganic phenomenon. To put it simply, it was not of this world, and no-one had ever seen any of its like before. 
“Perhaps it has evolved into an evolutionary niche created by the massive amount of pollution in the atmosphere? Some kind of quasi-sentient gas based life-form? No, if it had evolved in the presence of pollution its contamination score would be higher. My scans say that it has a 0.00 percent contaminant saturation, whereas even the common worm has at least 9.50 percent. Whatever it is, it cannot be explained by science alone.”
Maloch followed the iridescent ball of light for several minutes, as it slowly made its way through the former maze. On more than one occasion, it would stop and hover in mid-air, apparently unsure of the path forward, but it would always quickly ascend into the atmosphere and scan the area before returning to Maloch reassured. Soon, Maloch began to notice a pattern in its constant size and colour changes, noting that they functioned almost like a primitive language. 
From then on, he began to compile a database on every one of the possible size/colour combinations, assigning specific meaning to each one as appeared, using context as his translation guide. For instance, when the creature was stuck or unsure, it would deflate in size and turn red while its luminescence dimmed. Once it had found the correct path, it would increase in size and turn a mixture of gold and white, and it would shine brighter than before. Eventually, the basic database was arranged as follows: 
A) “Warm” colours symbolize happiness; “Dark” colours symbolize displeasure.
B) A decrease in size meant a negative connotation in regards to the emotion stipulated in A, an increase meant a positive connotation.
C)  The intensity of the light matched the intensity of the emotion or feeling as stated in A and B.
Using these simple rules, Maloch was able to somewhat accurately decode the entity’s mood and thinking pattern. Now able to translate the creature's actions, Maloch noticed that it behaved in quite human ways. It became frustrated, happy, relieved and unsure based on its surroundings, a characteristic that most humans shared. The will-o'-the-wisp eventually stopped at the edge of a clearing in the rubble, one side dropping away into a sheer cliff. The creature was glowing brightly with multi-toned hues of yellow. It looked like a miniature sun, and going by Maloch's database, it was extremely happy about something. He was right, as he soon found out when he entered the clearing.
Miraculously, the plants scattered around the area were undamaged, and in many cases foot-wide rocks had missed them by mere inches. Laying Kingston's still body down on a nearby slab, Maloch set to work, harvesting the necessary plants and creatures from the clearing. Linking up to the global medical database, he was able to speedily prepare the concoction, his nimble fingers never messing up during the delicate extractions. After a few minutes of mixing and heating, the coagulant tonic was ready. 
Carefully, Maloch got the old man to swallow the foul mixture. His body naturally rejected the concoction, but little by little it was manoeuvred down his throat. 
For several minutes nothing happened, well, nothing happened externally. However, to Maloch's fine-tuned vision, the internal bleeding soon congealed and became non-lethal once more. Next came the neurotoxin, which had been made by combining the venom of three nearby species of spiders that were known to live near the aforementioned plants. The dosage required was far more tricky, as too little would bring no result and too much could cause permanent brain damage or paralysis. With any luck it would bring Kingston out of his coma. However, the neurotoxin had to be injected directly into the cerebrospinal fluid, so Maloch was forced to use an implement from his past life.
It looked like a three pronged needle, extending from his multi-use index finger. It had originally been used to inject adrenalin into fellow soldiers so that they could keep up with hours of continuous fighting, but some of the more morally corrupt generals had used them as assassination tools. Since re-mechs generally were seen as harmless and docile, they would be able to approach their target without much difficulty. Slotting the toxin capsule into a hole in his palm, Maloch rolled up Kingston onto his side and injected the poison directly into the base of his skull. 
The old man soon began to convulse as the toxin spread throughout his system, his body unsure of how to deal with the foreign agent. His eyes suddenly shot open, and he lay there, staring at nothing. His eyes then rolled back, apparently unsatisfied with whatever they had seen. His body jerked once or twice more, and then he was silent. 
Nothing, for several seconds, just the constant whine of Maloch's built in heart monitor exclaiming the rapidly slowing heart rate. Then, without warning, Ba-dump. Ba-dump. The sound grew louder and more rhythmic, as Kingston was brought back to the land of the living once more. Slowly, the old man opened his weary eyes, which began to fill with tears at the sight of Maloch's figure.
“So, It looks like you've saved me again, friend.” The voice was little more than a whisper.
“Friend?” replied Maloch, savouring the sound of it. It had been a very, very long time since he had last heard its ilk.
“Yes, friend. The way I see it, we’ve travelled together, fought together and came damn near close to dying together. And if that doesn’t make us friends, then I don’t know what will.” 
Maloch nodded, his emotion engine telling him that he was feeling joy. Like the word ‘friend’, it was something he had not experienced in decades.
“Agreed. Now, you have sustained some fairly serious injuries. Even with the medical treatment I have provided I would advise resting here for at least a few hours.”
Kingston, grunting with exertion, managed to get to his feet. His abdomen still hurt and the world spun when he moved his head too quickly, but he could not afford to waste time. For all he knew Barsch and Alza were in peril, and only he and Maloch could save them. After Maloch told him of the earthquake, his resolve was only further cemented.
“No, we don’t have the luxury of time. Our other friend... friends... could be in danger. We need to move, if that’s okay with you?” Kingston looked into the golden eyes above him, already telling himself that he would set off regardless of Maloch’s answer.  
“If that is your wish.” 
Maloch turned to leave the clearing, but stopped when he remembered how he had gotten there. He looked around fruitlessly for a few minutes, noting Kingston’s querying stare. The will-o-wisp -his miraculous guide- was nowhere to be found. Before he left, however, he turned his eyes towards the heavens. For an instant, there appeared to be two suns in the sky. And then the moment passed, and the second faded from sight. 
“Thank you, little one.” 
“Maloch?” asked Kingston in a kind voice. 
“I apologise. I thought that- never mind, it is not important. I have plotted a course to the exit. If you would follow me?”
As they backtracked through the broken stone maze, Maloch filled Kingston in on what had happened while he had been unconscious. However, Maloch kept the events of his recovered memories to himself, as well as the realizations that he had gained from them. He did, however, explain about the mysterious entity that had helped them, and how he had been able to decode its strange movements This fact seemed to genuinely impress the old man. Eventually, they came to the exit, the low hanging sun creating a mesmerizing spectacle as they finally left the maze behind.
*
For a while they walked in silence. Kingston at first had asked Maloch what plants and creatures he had used in the remedies, listening attentively as the re-mech listed them and gave instructions on how to mix them properly. The old man had brought out a pocket notebook from the recesses of his coat and had quickly scribbled down the details in a neat, conservative style. 
From the looks of it, the notebook had seen better days, perhaps decades, as its margin had almost completely peeled off and its pages were filled with stains and home-made bookmarks. It was the result of years spent in exile, and it contained everything Kingston felt important for staying healthy and alive in such an inhospitable world.
However, at the back of the book, almost completely tucked away from view, was a folded up letter. Using a built-in handwriting recognition program, Maloch deduced that Kingston had not written it, and, if he was to be any judge, it appeared to have been written by a woman. The second last line caught his attention, saying, “With Endless Love, from...” 
It was unusual in that the “o” from “love” had been replaced by a small stylized heart. Obviously it had been sent by someone who cared for Kingston, but Maloch was unable to see the name of the sender. Kingston looked up from his writing and, noticing the re-mech's stare, said, “Oh, that? It's just a remnant from a time that's long past. Don't worry about it.”
The hermit soon pocketed the notebook, content with his new herbal information. He appeared to think for a bit, before saying, “Maloch, I see you as my friend and I hope you see me as one too. So, us being friends, I think that you have the right to know something about my past, something that I feel that you should know about me.”
Maloch remained silent, unsure of how to respond. He could tell that the old man would rather not divulge his past, but he was unwilling to stop him either. Meanwhile, Kingston carried on unabated, “Maloch, many, many years ago, I fought in a series of large scale conflicts called the South Wars. Do you know of them?”
“I do.” Maloch kept his thoughts neutral, just in case Kingston had suddenly learnt how to read minds.
“Then, you probably know that humans and re-mech fought side by side during those battles, right?”
“I am aware of that fact, yes.” 
“Well... when I was younger... I wasn't as level-headed as I am now and, it was a do or die situation in those nightmarish days. What I'm trying to say is that, through my actions, I caused many of your kind to suffer, and dozens were destroyed... as my enemies, and as my saviours. There... I will understand if you don't want to associate with someone like me...”
Maloch looked at Kingston's hunched over form, a lifetime’s worth of guilt clearly etched into his wrinkled face.
“When I was... younger, I too fought in the South Wars. I too fought alongside humans. And I too watched many of them, both comrades and enemies, fall because of my actions. There is no need for guilt or apologies. We are both children of war.”
Kingston came to a dead stop, a look of unmistakable relief spreading across his face. “I... I had my suspicions, after seeing that emblem on your shoulder. Tell me, did you ever hear of the Battle of Taille à Tille?”
“The Battle of Taille à Tille. Location: The city of Taille à Tille and surrounding countryside. Total fighting time: Five days. Total number of casualties: One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Humans, Four Thousand Five Hundred Re-mechs. Major factions: The Northern Alliance, The Five Nation Army, and the city-guard of Taille à Tille. Based on what little memories I have and my geographical location at the time, there is a high chance that I took part in the battle.”
“I see. I wonder what side you fought for, not that it really matters any more, but just the thought that we could have met on that battlefield sends chills down my spine. Ha-ha, I wonder who would have won? I was quite the scrapping bloke when I was younger you know!” When Kingston saw Maloch’s look of confusion, he added, “I’m only kidding, I'm sure that fate wouldn't have been that cruel.” 
For a moment Kingston seemed to ponder his own words, before continuing in a quieter voice, “Well, I'm sure that fate wouldn't be that cruel to me so many times at once... eh?”
A sudden coughing fit broke the ensuing silence and brought back the reality of Kingston's recently recovered state. He fell to his knees, his body protesting at having to work so hard just after receiving treatment. He knelt there in obvious pain for several minutes, and all Maloch could do was watch. Soon, the fit passed, and Kingston was back to his usual self. 
*
They walked onwards, as the rocky slopes gave way to a seemingly endless sea of sand. The sun lay on the horizon and in the centre of its gold half-disk was a speck of green. They had reached the oasis at long last. At the sight of the welcoming palms, Kingston felt a modicum of strength return to his tired body, and he began to jog forward, eager to see if Barsch and Alza had had the same idea as him. He knew that it was a long-shot: everyone ending up in the same place at the same time in this massive desert. However, Kingston tried to believe that fate wouldn't bring them together only to split them apart for no reason. 
“I'm sure they've endured many hardships since I've seen them last, but I'm sure that they're stronger for it.”
An eerie bird-call from above him made Kingston turn and search the skies for a moment, before deciding that he must have misheard it. Shrugging off the uneasy feeling that had recently taken hold, Kingston trudged onwards. He glanced upwards a few minutes later, noting Lasienda's appearance in the night sky. It was a comforting sight, as it seemed to hang in the air above the oasis, acting like a beacon. 
Kingston strode forward, every step taking him closer to Barsch and Alza, closer to redemption, and closer to death. His breathing became ragged once more, and his vision began to swim and darken. Kingston glanced up and saw the newly risen moon, surrounded on all sides by thousands of brilliant stars. 
As Kingston neared the oasis, he noticed a welcoming sight. Lanista, half-buried in the sand, lay a few feet away from the edge of the tree-line. Bending down, Kingston gingerly picked it up and examined it. It had seen better days, that was for sure, but it did not appear to have suffered any significant damage. A far more worrisome sight was the thin trail of dried blood that led deeper into the trees. Without hesitation, Kingston cried out, “Barsch!” and ran off towards the source of the blood. He frantically made his way through the undergrowth, noting the single set of footprints that were etched into the sand. 
Soon, Kingston came to a clearing in the foliage, and his heart almost stopped for the third time at what he saw. Barsch and Alza, eyes closed and bodies immobile beneath a gigantic palm. The first thing that popped into his mind was relief, followed almost immediately by worry. He clambered towards them, dropping Lanista beside its rightful owner before inspecting the duo from head to toe for any signs of injury. They appeared to be sleeping, Alza's head resting sweetly on Barsch's chest. Kingston turned to Maloch and said, “Are... are they okay?”
For a very long moment the re-mech said nothing. Kingston, without even noticing, held his breath, steeling his heart against the coming judgement. “My initial scans suggest that they are alive, though Barsch appears to be suffering from a badly infected leg fracture in addition to moderate heat-stroke. Alza seems to be merely suffering from fatigue, aside from that, her body is in excellent condition.” 
Kingston wanted to weep at the re-mech’s words, but his body simply did not have any moisture it could spare. True, they were not without injury, but the thought that they had managed to reunite despite the odds brought joy to his heart.
Turning to Barsch, he whispered, “It must have been hard, crossing the desert with that leg of yours… well done m’boy. You can rest now, for as long as you need, and then we can see about getting you home.” Barsch did not answer him, but Kingston had not expected him to.
A few minutes later, Kingston had prepared a small fire and had moved the sleeping duo into more comfortable positions. He also took the time to treat Barsch's wounded leg and re-wrap it as best he could. The infection was worse that he had initially thought, but there was nothing that could be done. Kingston could only offer up a prayer to whatever god was listening. After making sure that everyone was safe and warm, Kingston quietly collapsed to his knees, his body -having politely restrained itself for hours- requested time to heal properly.
A loud cry from nearby broke through the quiet moment, and Maloch's processors raced to calculate its origin. 
“Warning, unknown number of unidentified objects are closing in on our location. Extreme velocities detected.  Computing... Counter-measures computed. Requesting permission to carry out anti-enemy manoeuvres.”
Kingston looked at the hulking behemoth standing before him and decided to place his complete trust in it. He could barely stand, much less face whatever threatened them. As he lost consciousness he mustered up the last of his energy and said, simply, “Go.” 
A heartbeat later, Kingston was asleep, his body a living shield for the boy sleeping beneath him. 
*
Maloch walked slowly, purposefully, towards the outer edge of the oasis. He had already diverted all power to weapons and battle assessment, and every step seemed heavier than the last. He soon arrived at his destination and was greeted by a legion of malicious intent wrapped in flesh and bone. The beings before him stretched out their black wings, each covered in hundreds of midnight feathers. The crimson eyes that stared at him held nothing but hatred and rage, and their haunting cries filled the skies. 
Compared the vultures that had tormented Alza earlier, the things before him seemed to defy nature, defy instinct, and defy logic itself. They were beings created for the sole purpose of destruction, and ordinarily, nothing was going to stand in their way. 
However, Maloch was not ordinary by anyone's standards, and, although a normal re-mech placed in such a situation would undoubtedly judge it to be hopeless and run, Maloch raised his weapon nonetheless.
“Sonic cannon, activated. Acquiring targets. Targeting all hostiles in the immediate vicinity. Eighty-One Targets acquired. Formulating attack strategies. Strategy formulated. Wide-bore sonic cannon projectiles advised, however, increased attack area will result in weaker bursts. Implement plan? Implementing in three, two, one...”
The first blast from the sonic cannon caught three of the nearest creatures and removed them from the scene. This was soon followed by several more shots, which began to rapidly clear the skies. Like a giant bell being rung, the bursts of sound resonated and multiplied in number. The sound grew, shaking the nearby trees and sending hundreds of ripples coursing through the nearby lake. Every time the sound rang out, another bird disappeared. However, after a while, Maloch noticed a discrepancy. The creatures were returning, sometimes mere seconds after being hit. Soon, they were shaking off sonic blasts like they were nothing but a minor irritation, and, little by little, they drew closer to Maloch and his sleeping dependants.
Suddenly, one of the creatures dropped low and attacked at full speed. Maloch hit it with three sonic bursts but its momentum was enough so that it continued on and was able to score a direct hit. Its serrated talons ripped through his robust chest-plate, exposing his core. 
It was a fatal injury, one that would have spelled the end for any normal re-mech. But, as it has been stated before and will be stated again, Maloch was no ordinary re-mech. Struggling to lift the cannon, he slumped to one knee. Ignoring the countless warning messages flashing urgently across his HUD, Maloch ordered his core to divert all remaining power to his right hand. 
The strange birds were circling above, their glowing red eyes shining like malignant stars. As if commanded, they suddenly dove as one, aiming to destroy the interloper that stood in their way. At the same time, Maloch uttered three simple words, “Activate Sonic Shell.”
Maloch raised his right arm to the sky, maximising his range. A sound began to emanate from the sonic cannon, a mix between a high-pitched whine and a low rumbling that sent ripples through the sand. A bubble of highly compressed air and sound began to form around Maloch, expanding with every passing second. Inside, countless air currents and pressure waves formed and reformed, creating a storm of energy. The bubble grew, now reaching the plummeting birds. As it reached them, they stopped in mid-air, held in place by the force of the shell. As the sound built up inside the bubble, a strange thing happened. 
It was as if the entire world had been muted. The birds, who had previously been cawing and screeching, grew silent. The sound of the wind in the trees, the roar of the sonic cannon, the groans from Maloch's body as it bordered on complete failure, everything faded away. It was as if all sound and air had been drawn into the bubble, and now it was the only reality worthy of sound. The bubble continued to expand, growing larger and larger, taking in all the ambient sound and air in the area. It swelled until it could hold no more. In the blink of an eye, it burst silently.
A moment later, a massive sonic-boom was heard. The trapped air and sound rapidly expanded outwards into a devastating maelstrom of wind and noise. The vile birds, along with almost everything else caught in the bursting shell, were vaporised instantly. The wall of expanding pressure destroyed everything in its wake, though those sleeping further inwards were protected by the surrounding trees.
Almost entirely drained of energy, Maloch began to shut down. He was kneeling in a crater in the sand, at least fifteen feet in diameter. As for the strange creatures that had attacked him, nothing remained. Slowly, Maloch stood, only one thought racing through his mind, “Are the others okay?”
He tried to climb the steep crater wall, but slid down in a flurry of sand and debris. In a desperate gamble for more power, he commanded, “Shut down all right arm facilities.” 
Immediately, his arm fell uselessly to his side. With his salvaged power, he attempted the steep climb once more, this time with much more favourable results. At the rim of the crater lay the remains of a giant palm, brought down by the combined force of pressurized air and sound.
It created an obstacle in his route forward, so he was forced to remove it. However, his power was no longer enough, so he was forced to disable another power-draining limb. The sacrifice this time was his left leg, which was to be dragged behind him like a dead-weight. Once again, the regained energy allowed him to move the fallen truck from his path, and he continued onwards to his destination. Twice crippled, he felt the strain of staying awake begin to grow. His body cried out for rest, but his digital spirit overruled the suggestion. 
Suddenly, a warning message flashed across his vision, stating, “Error, hydraulics to R. Leg have been compromised. Continued operation will result in permanent damage. Recommend complete shut-down of affected areas in order to maintain core stability.” 
Heeding the words of his processor, Maloch did so, further crippling himself for the sake of others. Now reduced to crawling forward with one arm, further progress was slow and arduous. Almost completely drained of energy, he finally made it to the clearing. His hope that the others were safe were momentarily dashed when he saw the state of his surroundings. Countless fallen trees crisscrossed the area, obliterating the undergrowth. Crawling forward, he began to frantically search for the bodies of his comrades.
When he reached the place the trio had occupied, he stopped and stared in amazement. Miraculously they were still asleep, apparently unmindful of the chaos that had occurred while they had slept. They had been protected by two trees falling together, each one holding the other up in the shape of an /\, an almost impossible occurrence. His fears allayed, Maloch allowed the last of his systems to shut down, the last image in his mechanical sight being that of Kingston, Alza and Barsch huddled together in peaceful repose.
*
The air crackles with frost, the frigid wind ripping through my unprotected body. Snow falls in an unhurried tempo, its white existence blanketing the land for miles. Although the air around me is frozen, I feel no chill on my exposed skin. On the contrary, I feel warm, as if my entire being has been filled with light. The stars above illuminate the night sky, bathing the area in hallowed light. The soft sand cushions my bared feet and the fallen snow serves as a gossamer carpet, reflecting the ivory light from the heavens. 
A sombre voice calls out, cutting through the darkness, saying, “Son of None. Daughter of None. Father of None. Starting alone, facing the sins of your past, you have gathered here, in the nexus of life and death, where all shall be revealed unto you. We are the ones who keep the balance between man and nature. We watch over your kind, so that your fleeting lives will not end in vain. We are eternal, we are omniscient, we know all and see all, and we need your help.”
 The landscape flickers, as the force of the words resounds through reality. For an instant, I see other people, though their forms are distorted and shadowy. I cannot move, I cannot speak. I watch silently as the world changes before my very eyes. A valley is carved out from a mountain, a savannah becomes a sea, and a forest withers into an endless field of sand. 
I am flying in the air above the desert, quickly approaching a familiar green haze. I alight gently on the cold sand, as time wheels overhead, night becoming day and day becoming night. As soon as I walk past the first palm, time stops. I look up and my eyes widen at what I see. A field of stars and galaxies, in perfect detail. They look as if I could easily reach out and grab one; though at the same time they seem to be unreachable in their heavenly loft.
The darkened leaves are still, their once vibrant veins covered with early morning dew. I walk forward, aware of a presence in the clearing up ahead. The woman standing there seems to glow, as she is bathed in the starlight which exists only for her convenience. Her long white hair is whipped about by a non-existent breeze, as her soft eyes lock on to mine. Standing beside her is an ancient retainer, weary in body but strong in mind. Before I have a chance to speak, a light descends from above. 
The light darts this way and that, like a playful youngling, before splitting into two identical spheres of light which then settle on the cold sand. One of the entities emits a powerful golden light, whilst the other shines with deep blue tones. The lights grow brighter, as the orbs begin to pulsate and swell. From the size of a closed fist, to that of a human head, before finally settling into an orb five feet in diameter. 
Around the golden sphere, the sand begins to ripple outwards, as the earth itself beats in rhythm with the luminescent entity. The fine matter begins to flow into the heart of the light, giving it substance, giving it form. Nearby, a similar transformation is also occurring, as the water from the nearby lake is funnelled into the blue sphere. The lights, having absorbed the elements, change once more. They twist and contort, arms and legs appearing from the ether. 
Two sets of eyes stare out from the vaguely humanoid figures, twin tones of emerald and sapphire that sends shivers down my spine. The dream ripples, and the bodies before me become clear and well defined. 
“Terra.” 
The name comes unbidden to my cracked lips, for it is the name of the divine figure standing before me. The woman beside him turns and glances in my direction, flashing a wry smile before addressing Alza and Kingston.
“I would say good evening, but what is time in a dream? I understand that you are confused, but please bear with us for just a little bit longer, and then everything will be revealed to you.” 
Her voice resonates with images of gently flowing streams and deep, unexplored abyssal trenches. She appears to be satisfied with her introduction, but suddenly lets out a gasp of surprise and adds, “Oh where are my manners! We know who you are but some of you don’t know who we are. My name is Ion, and this serious minded man is my twin brother, Terra.”
Terra turns his head towards us at the sound of his name, giving a solemn look that speaks volumes but says little, “We know that this is hard for your tragically mortal intellects, but please allow me to try and explain in a manner that will be easy to understand.” 
Around us, the scenery begins to change, as earth and sky distort and dissipate. The ground beneath me disappears into nothingness, leaving me floating in the void. There is nothing. No sound, no light, no warmth. Nothing. Unseen, Ion and Terra’s voices call out in unison, the words cutting through the eternal darkness that surrounds me.
“In the beginning, there was the Void. It existed before you, and when you are long gone it will come again. Some say that a deity of unimaginable power reached down from his heavenly perch and created everything: time, space, even life itself. However, others disagree, and postulate that it was the explosive sub-atomic interactions of proto-matter that created an expanding universe, which gave rise to everything that exists today.” 
Before us, a swirling ball of nothingness has gathered. It spins and gathers speed, dragging in more and more of the void. In this place, size and time had no meaning, but I could tell that the sphere before me would span the cosmos. Its speed increases, as the ball of energy and proto-matter sinks lower into the realm of reality. From within the swirling mass, I can see shapes, rising up and evaporating in endless repetition. It was as if the universe was trying to be born, but was unable to decide on a definitive shape or purpose.
Even now the shapes are becoming clearer, more distinct. I see dead worlds, their stars winking out one by one. I see galaxies being ripped apart, until even the atoms are fragmented. I see time and space collide, as another hundred universes die. I see world-turtles and lovecraftian horrors. All appear and disappear, their afterimages burned into my mind. I can feel Alza to my left and Kingston to my right. I cannot see their faces in the void, but I take solace in their presence. 
The images within the expanding sphere solidify for the final time, revealing a sea of stars and galaxies that seem oddly familiar. The possible universe begins to push back the nothingness, filling it up, taking its place. In an instant, I am floating above the centre of the universe. Before me is a small, intensely bright, ball of light.
“We cannot say which is the right explanation, for whatever gave rise to the cosmos also gave birth to us. In our infant state, we wandered the width and breadth of existence, searching for a place to call home. We searched and searched, for we desired only one thing: a birthplace of life.”
We float in the void and watch as the ball of light moves and dances between the galaxies. It circles suns and weaves between the nebula, never stopping, never ceasing. After what seems like eternity, it comes to a simple, relatively unremarkable spiral galaxy. It stops, for the first time in its aeons-old existence, as if it had sensed something. It slices through the void, seeking out its goal. Turning to the most unremarkable arm of an already bland galaxy, it begins to pick up speed.
Travelling light-years in the blink of an eye, it homes in on an unassuming section of what has been established to be a mundane place. It ignores thousands of exciting, colourful stars, speeding towards a small yellow sun. There, around the new-born sun, swirls an immense ring of dust and ice. Already, a few planets have formed from the protoplasmic disk. Tiny ice worlds, red hot gas giants, and rocky moons. Near the star’s eternal glow, a small planet is struggling to be born.
Against the backdrop of the fascinating universe, such a tale was common. Perhaps it would become a moon, to be absorbed into the orbit of one of the nearby giants. Perhaps it would be flung out of the solar system, destined to drift forever, lifeless and alone. But, although it was nothing important, it spoke of potential. It spoke of a place where things would struggle against the odds just to exist. 
It spoke of life. 
The luminous sphere, weary from its travels, glides slowly towards its destined target. Upon reaching the globe, it extends a portion of itself, touching the still molten core. The world responds, drawing the light in. With the speed of continental drift, the two spheres silently collide. In the intense heat of the fusion, the two separate entities became one united presence.
“At the time, we were overjoyed. We had reached a place where we could fulfil our purpose. After the planet had cooled and the seas had settled, we witnessed the spark of life become a storm of evolution. Creatures rose and fell, their short lifespans serving as nothing more than a reminder that mortals live fast and die young. However, after a time, a creature rose like none before it. Not content to merely live out their lives and then pass on to the next world, they sought out ways to immortalise themselves. Thus, culture was brought into the world. In those days, when your kind lived in caves and died in holes, we descended from our lofty vantage-points.”
Ion is speaking, but there is sorrow in her eyes. Whatever she is showing us clearly caused her a great deal of strife. She, however, does not notice my gaze, and continues her tale.
“They worshipped us as gods, and we led them. We gave them food when they were hungry, shelter when they were scared, and knowledge when they sought answers. With time, they prospered under our guidance, their numbers became numerous and their cities covered the land. It was then, when they began to question the purpose of our existence, did we decide to depart. We left them to their own devices, hoping that they would continue on the path to prosperity and peace. However, no sooner had we departed, the people who had once been united began to fall apart. They fought and killed one another, forsaking our words of non-violence. Sadly, they were not content with just killing their own kind, soon they devised methods with which to destroy the very earth beneath them. Their factories polluted the skies, and their toxins scoured the seas. When humanity finally realised what they had done, they panicked and fled to their chambers of ice and steel. They abandoned the planet… They left it to die.” 
The resonating voice has taken on a darker tone, as images of the dying planet filled the scene before us. We hear the cries of the forests as they burn, we felt the seas boil, and we watch as our forefathers turn tail and run from what they had done. Alza holds her steady gaze, watching the decomposing planet with a mixture of contempt and apathy. Kingston on the other hand, silently weeps at the destruction, but makes no motion to wipe away the tears that stream down his grizzled face.
Suddenly, the scene shifts to another familiar location. Before me lies Barsch La Tergan, as evidenced by the writing on the plasma monitor beside his cryogenic pod. He wears a placid smile on his frozen face. If only he knew what fate had in store for him… perhaps then he would not smile so innocently.
He, or should I say I, am approached by a robed figure. The stranger turns his gaze towards us, revealing the tell-tale emerald of Terra’s eyes. Silently, he turns back, and raises a hand towards my pod. As his fingers brush against the smooth glass, a shock runs through my sleeping body, and the previously unmoving heart-rate monitor begins to pick up pace. 
“You destroyed your world, and we, the Avatars of the planet, have decided to give you a second chance. Perhaps it’s because of our eons-old attachment to you, or perhaps watching thousands of years of progress fade away into nothingness is too hard for us to do. Either way, you have been chosen as an envoy of your kind, to prove to us that you are worth saving.”
Without warning, the image of my awakening fades away, replaced by the now familiar oasis. The Avatars, for that is what they were, reappear. They wear masks of sadness and regret, but I catch a glimpse of hope, buried deeply. Kingston, finally wiping away his tears, softly asks, “How? How can we prove ourselves?” 
Terra looks at the old man with a peculiar glare, as if he was seeing him for the first time. Perhaps he was.
Turning his gaze back towards us, he says, “In order for you to gain your redemption and earn our favour, you must complete a task for us. In a place very far from here, an evil man is preparing to put an end to humanity once and for all. Before you can even think of saving our planet, you must find a way to put a stop to his madness. However, know this: If you fail, there will be nothing left to save, and humans will never again walk the land.” 
At last, the truth. All of this, everything we had gone through since we left Kingston’s hut has led to this moment. A part of me wants to weep, for I know now that I will most likely never return to Genesis Station. 
Despite this, I cannot object. I cannot refuse this task. They awoke me from my sleep, me alone, and chose me. I raise my voice, “Who is he, this madman who desires our destruction?” 
This time, it is Ion who answers in a sombre tone, “He is one who would do whatever it takes to accomplish his goal. In fact, one of you has even met him, though I doubt you would remember.”
Suddenly I feel a tremor rock the oasis. A remnant of the earlier quake? No, I have felt this before. The dream is breaking down. Ion, judging by the slightly annoyed look on her pristine face, has noticed as well. 
“It is unfortunate, but we have stayed here too long. If we remain here any longer we risk affecting the course of destiny. And that… must not be allowed to happen.”
“Wait! We don’t even know where to look? Where can we find the madman… at least give us that much…” Kingston’s voice has a pleading edge, and I can understand why. We have been given a mission that could decide the fate of the human race, but we haven’t even one clue as to the madman’s whereabouts. We could search for years and not find him. And I doubt that Kingston has that long…
Terra nods, radiating agreement. “If you follow the path of the setting sun, you will find a way to your salvation. And, to insure that you do not stray from the path, I will fashion for you a pathfinder, a guiding Spectre.”
The Avatar raises his hands to the sky and claps his hands together, once, twice, three times. From the heavens a pure and melodious cry answers his call. Swooping down with the grace of a swallow and the speed of a falcon comes a multi-coloured sphere of light. It is an enigmatic creature, always changing size and colour seemingly on a moment’s whim. 
Suddenly Kingston gives a startled cry, saying, “It was you wasn’t it? You helped us find shelter yesterday, didn’t you?” The creature turns a bright shade of green and bobs up and down in furious agreement. 
“There, your path is set. You have your guide. All that remains is for you to follow them.” 
Both avatars turn to leave when Alza, who has remained silent until now, calls out, “I refuse. Why should I even consider following along with this?” 
Ion and Terra return her steely gaze, their faces kept unnaturally neutral. The tense moment drags on, until Terra opens his mouth to answer. However, a single glance from Ion silences him. 
Taking a step towards Alza, she says, “Ah, daughter of none, I had expected you to complain. Whilst the old man seeks redemption, and the youth seeks purpose, you have nothing, and so you want for nothing.” She is wearing what she probably thinks is a comforting smile, but it makes me want to turn and flee.
“If you desire to find out who, and what, you are, you would be wise to follow our directions. For at the end of your journey many more things will be made clear. Whether you will have the strength to accept what you learn is another thing… And now, it is time for us to depart. Sweet dreams...” 
With that the two figures begin to disappear, Ion evaporating into the night sky and Terra sinking into the earth. Just before he disappears completely, Terra turns to me and whispers, “Good luck.” 
And then we are alone once more. Alza is staring into the distance, a strange look on her face, while Kingston’s brow is furrowed in deep thought. Saying nothing, I merely wait for reality to reclaim us, dragging us back into the hard, uncaring world.


Chapter VIII: Hostile Welcome
In which bonds are forged...

It was later that night, and Kingston was restless. The stars far above told him that it was too early to wake, even though he desperately wanted to discuss the strange dream he had had only minutes before. It had not felt like any dream he had ever had, and he could still remember every detail whenever he closed his eyes. A part of him hoped that it had been real, yet at the same time he desperately wished for it to have been no more than a dream. 
However, Kingston was not a particularly imaginative man. He doubted that his mind could have created the things he had seen. Universes being born, ancient entities guiding his ancestors, the fate of all mankind entrusted to two children, a hermit and a re-mech. 
“Please let it have been a dream…” he thought, praying for a miracle. 
When no voice from the heavens spoke, he turned on his side, facing Barsch. Had the boy really been there? Had the girl? 
“I wonder which would be worse…”  
A sudden movement to his left drew his gaze, his imagination immediately filling his head with images of phantasmal enemies, however, what lay there was a friend... well, it wasn’t an enemy at least. At seeing Alza’s long white locks, Kingston almost called out to her, but stopped once he saw her face. Her lids drooped heavily over her eyes, and her sluggish movements suggested that perhaps she wasn’t to be disturbed. He watched as she, in her sleep-walking state, gradually made her way to Barsch’s sleeping figure. He almost stood and stopped her then, but he allowed his rational mind to get a word in. 
“If Barsch trusts her, so do I... up till a point anyway.”
She knelt and began to loosen Barsch’s pants. Colour immediately flushed Kingston’s grandfatherly face, as he thought, “Honestly, kids these days! Filled from head to toe with hormones and nothing to do with them!” 
However, he suddenly remembered who he was talking about, and any thought of Alza acting like a normal teenager was obliterated from his mind. Instead, she seemed to be focusing on his leg, for reasons that were soon made apparent. There, just below Barsch’s knee, festered a horrific wound. It was a vile thing, filling the air with a sickly-sweet scent. For the boy to have endured such a thing was extraordinary. Alza gave no sign of disgust, nor did she block her nose against the putrid smell. 
Instead, she placed her hands over the wound and began to murmur. Her eyes took on an iridescent glow and her hair began to whip to and fro. Light enveloped her open hands, a pale blue which wrapped around the laceration. If Kingston had not seen it with his own eyes, he would have never believed it. The broken bone melted and reformed, regaining its rightful appearance. The nerves and veins twisted and sought out others of their like. 
As they wriggled into place, Kingston saw fresh, healthy blood begin to pulsate in their vessels. The skin above the bone knitted together like a tapestry from the old ages, and once it was whole not a single mark was left to tell of the damage that had once been. The Healing completed, Alza stood once more and returned to her place of rest, quickly returning to a sleeping state.
Kingston lay there for several minutes, mind not daring to think. He had known that Alza was… different, but this went far beyond his expectations. If she could lift re-mechs with her mind and heal fractures in seconds, what else was she capable of? He did not want to find out what would happen if she ever turned on them. 
His eyes fell on Barsch’s face, now no longer grimacing in pain. No, he decided, he would not tell Barsch what he had seen. Nor would he share his suspicions about Alza’s true nature. The boy was entitled to his hope, his belief that Alza was simply a strange girl trying to recover her memories. Kingston would not… could not, steal the hope from his eyes.
However, if Alza proved to be a threat to the boy… then, regrettably, she would have to be… dealt with.
*
Several hours later, as the dawn sun was just rising above the horizon, Barsch awoke from his tortured dreams. He lay there as the events from the night replayed themselves in his mind. He was confused, and far from home, and for a moment he deeply regretted ever leaving the sanctuary of the station. A boy his age should be playing with friends and embarrassing himself in front of girls, not fighting evil madmen who threatened the entire human race.
“No!” he thought, “If father heard me talking like that, he would call me a coward. Yes, I know it wasn’t my choice, but I’m here now. They chose me. They entrusted me with this task. I have to do what I can so that I don’t get in their way. Father always said that It wasn’t the enemy you had to be afraid of, it was your own cowardice that will defeat you in the end. I may not like it, but if I hadn’t met Alza in the glade, and if I hadn’t decided to follow Kingston, I would never have had the chance to journey with them and experience all these amazing things. I could have died on that hill, choking on poisoned air, but I survived. Father was right… I can’t lose my stride.” 
A sudden flash of memory made him clutch his leg in anticipated pain. He had barely made it to the oasis… how could he keep up with them? He would have to hide it, somehow, lest they think of turning back so that he could be healed.  
Barsch, still feeling the last dredges of sleep leave his body, slid his hand down his leg, expecting to feel the crippling wound. After a minute or two of fruitless searching, he pulled up his pant leg and checked with his much more trustworthy eyes. However, they gave the same report: the wound was gone.
“How?” It was the only word that penetrated his early morning torpid state. 
Now that he thought about it, the pain was gone too, as if it had never been. He searched for any sign of healing, such as scars or stitches, eyeing Kingston’s sleeping frame as he did so. If anyone had done something, it would be him. He doubted Alza would go out of her way to help him, as she had never shown any consideration for him before. Perhaps… it had all been a hallucination, brought on by heat stroke and dehydration. Whatever the truth, it no longer mattered. He was well, and he would not have to lie to his friends. 
Rising slowly to his feet, as if the wound might prove to be real and return at any moment, Barsch turned his head towards the rising sun. He spent a minute looking for something, before reaching down and retrieving Lanista from where it had been placed. The Avatars were nowhere to be seen, a fact which both terrified and relieved Barsch at the same time. He started to limp over to the deep blue pool of water several feet away, before remembering that he was no longer crippled. Sinking to his knees, he took several deep gulps. The water was cool and pure, and served to strip away the last vestiges of sleep.
After filling Ion’s ever-cool water pouch, he stood and walked over to Alza’s sleeping figure. Without her customary scowl, she appeared peaceful and welcoming. Without thinking he leant down and brushed a stray strand of hair from her pale face. He knew that his desire to protect her was nothing more than a showing of chivalry, coupled with a fear of being alone once more. Nevertheless, he was resolved to watch over her, even if she wanted nothing to do with him. Raising his hand, he was surprised to see a pair of violet eyes glaring at him.
“Do you need something from me?” she asked, her cold tone at odds with the warmth of the desert.
“Uh... No, just checking if you’re okay?” he replied, hoping that she had not noticed his gesture.
“My wellbeing is none of your concern,” it did not seem possible, but her tone had become even icier. Barsch half expected frost to form on her lips. However, given Alza’s… uniqueness, he did not completely rule it out.
“Um... Sorry, I... Er... I’ll just leave you alone then.” What had he been thinking? That a few days apart would suddenly warm her to him? The heat of the desert must have cooked his brain…
Alza, who had been slowly sitting up, seemed to glance at his leg more than once. Barsch briefly saw confusion cloud her face, but when he looked again she had regained her icy composure. After standing and gathering her belongings, she said, “We should rouse the old one, we need to be on our way.” 
She turned and stared at the rising sun, before turning and facing the opposite direction. Barsch heard her softly murmur, “Follow the setting sun...” under her breath.
Taking a chance, he said, “So, you had the dream too?” However, Alza gave no sign that she had, merely walking off in the direction of the lagoon without another word. Shaking his head in confusion, he began to move towards Kingston, but stopped when a familiar figure emerged from the undergrowth. It was Maloch, battered and covered in scratches, but still functional. 
“Good morning, Barsch La Tergan, how go your pre-operation processes?” The last time he had seen the re-mech -in the Saving Grace- had been moments before he had lost consciousness. Seeing him again brought a myriad of emotions to the surface, with relief and confusion fighting for first place.
“Uh… Well? I’m just getting ready to set out. How about you? You’re looking pretty beat up yourself.” Even Barsch had survived the crash with nothing more than a broken leg. 
“And even that may or may not have been a hallucination.” 
How had Maloch, built to withstand decades of hazardous environments, ended up so badly damaged?
The re-mech glanced downwards, its eyes lighting up in surprise as if it was the first time it had seen the state of its body. “Unfortunately, my journey through the desert was rather eventful. However, I am still fit for service, If you would have me?” 
Barsch gave a short bark of laughter at the question. They had damaged Maloch, selfishly entrusted him with their wellbeing and forced him to go on a suicidal mission into a doomed building. If anything, Barsch had expected anger or mistrust, not radiant eagerness. The re-mech clearly did not know how to hold a grudge.
“Maloch, I would be truly honoured if you joined us. I can’t say that it will be a quick or easy path, but having you there will be a great help.” 
“I am happy to hear that. Do you think that this makes us friends?” asked Maloch, radiating hope.
“Friends? Maloch, we owe you our lives. We faced certain death and won, and if that doesn’t make us friends, then nothing will.”
“Thank you, Barsch. I suppose a bond of a friendly nature has been forged between us. In that case, it is customary as a friend to ask, how is your injury?”
“What injury?” asked Barsch, for a moment forgetting his leg.
The re-mech, showing a great amount of skill at improvising, hastily replied, “Ah, sorry, my mistake. I was wrong.” Maloch knew what he had seen the night before, even going so far as to re-do his earlier scan of Barsch. It was strange, as the youth no longer bore the wound which should have crippled him. Still, Maloch saw no reason to bring further confusion to his new… friend, so he logged the incident as an error in his scanning equipment.
*
Barsch, pondering the re-mech’s strange behaviour but deciding that it was beyond his comprehension, finally made his way to Kingston. The old man was sleeping peacefully, though the dried tear marks running down his face spoke of a tormented sleep. Barsch was loathe to wake the hermit, but Alza was right, the sooner they left the better. Gently, Barsch woke the aged traveller. For an instant, the old man’s face was a mask of confusion, and then his dream faded and was replaced by cold-hard reality. With a great many groans and sighs, Kingston got to his feet. 
Muttering about how a man of his age should be allowed to sleep in, he wandered over to the water. When he got there, he was met by Alza, who had just finished. He paused and gave her a strange stare, before shaking himself out of it and continuing past her. However, as he drank from the refreshing spring, Barsch caught him staring at her more than once.
After gathering the last of their belongings, the still sleepy group set off. They travelled at a conservative pace, as hurrying along in a desert would only bring exhaustion and death all the sooner. With Alza taking the lead position, and Maloch bringing up the rear, Barsch found himself walking alongside Kingston.  
Mustering up the courage to ask what was surely a foolish line of questions, he said, “Kingston, I need your advice on something.”
Immediately Kingston turned to him -without losing his stride- and said, “I would be happy to help m’boy. Now what is it that bothers you?”
Barsch struggled to find the words to explain himself, without coming across as hysterical or nonsensical. Eventually, he settled on, “Well... you see... last night I had a rather strange dream. I know that this will probably sound crazy to you, but you and Alza were in it and... and it wasn’t like anything I’ve ever had before. There were these people, only... they weren’t really people at all. They were more like gods trying to look like ordinary people. And... and they told us about how the universe began, and how they had looked after humanity for aeons, and how they were giving us a second chance to redeem ourselves. Their names were-
“Ion and Terra.” 
The old man, who had been listening with a fading smile on his face, nodded once, confirming Barsch’s hopes and fears. 
“So it was real?” Another nod. “I can’t believe it… I mean, I think I met Terra while I was walking through the desert, but I think part of me believed that he was a hallucination. To think that I lived on this planet for sixteen years and never once heard anything about them… Have you ever heard of them?” 
“Yes, although it was a very long time ago. My mentor would sometimes mention them in passing: The Avatars, the physical manifestations of our planet’s will. At the time I believed that he was merely theorizing, but now I think that he had figured out something that no one else had. He was convinced that our planet was alive, and since it was alive, it must have a will of its own. He theorized that our continued efforts to pollute and destroy our world would cause that will to take action. And what would that planetary will… that world conscience, think when it saw us running away instead of trying to fix things.”
“I guess that makes sense…” replied Barsch, more confused than ever, “I did see Terra treat the world as if he was a part of it.” 
Barsch thought for a moment before asking, “Kingston… do you think that Ion and Terra are gods?” Barsch shuddered at his own question, thinking of all the prayers he had said in his life going to someone like Terra.
“Yes, and no. I believe that our ancestors saw them as such, and I can see why. But I do not believe that they are gods. As for why I think so… I don’t think I could explain it in words that you would understand. Sorry.”
“It’s okay, I think I understand. But if they are a part of the planet’s will, then surely their names should be more well-known? I mean, we once worshipped them as gods… how could we have forgotten them?”
“Many things have been forgotten over the centuries, things have disappeared from our collective knowledge without us even realising. Think about the ancient cultures we know of. They all had their gods, sometimes thousands of them at once. I can understand how two names could have been lost to time and decay. And besides, something tells me that the Avatars are not fond of people knowing that they exist. They left humanity so that they would not overly influence our development, and I believe that even now they are following that tenet.”
They walked in silence for a few more minutes as Barsch tried to process everything he had heard. It was all too much to take in. A few days ago he had been trying to escape a doomed city, and now he had been charged by pseudo-gods to find and stop a madman trying to destroy the world. A part of him longed for the days when he had simply had to focus on finding Kingston’s medicine. Another part of him had an even greater longing for those relatively peaceful days he had spent with his father. Life had not been easy, but it had been simple. Find food, find drinkable water, flee from the pollution, repeat. No gods, no Avatars, no weight of the world on his young shoulders.
“What do you think we should do about our… task?” he asked, eventually.
Kingston did not answer for several long minutes, his eyes staring off into the distance… towards where the sun would set later that day. 
“I don’t know m’boy. For now, we are a long way from home and we only have one direction we can take. But if I see a way for you to get back to the Station… However, if there is truly no alternative… then I could not think of anyone more suited to stop a genocidal madman. You, Alza and even Maloch have accomplished things that I never thought possible. If anyone can save our world, it would be you.” There was a touch of pride in Kingston’s voice, but it was edged with worry. 
His spirits lifted, Barsch allowed himself to be caught up in the old man’s bravado. He knew that Kingston was simply trying to make him feel better, but at that time it was what he needed to hear. 
*
Meanwhile, several feet ahead, Alza was pondering Ion’s cryptic words. She had acted as if she knew Alza’s past and the reason for her amnesia. 
“She could have been lying,” Alza thought, “It did seem as though she wanted all of us to stay together. Still, It’s not like I have any other clues to my past, and she did not seem like the kind who would mislead others for pleasure. However, if the old man or the boy get in my way or slow me down, I may have to take action, no matter what Ion wants.”   
Around them the landscape continued to change, from a rocky wasteland into a partially decayed hillside. They were still in the desert, but by the looks of it, the erosion here wasn’t as bad. Here and there, tufts of brown grass were poking through the thin layer of sand, and several small burrows dotted the land. Now and again they would catch sight of distant, grey mountains, their peaks covered in wreaths of dark clouds. As they walked, Kingston provided some commentary on the area. He talked of entire cities being swallowed up by the sand, and lakes disappearing overnight. How much of what he said was true is best left to speculation, though the odd stone column poking out from a hill lent some credence to his tales.
Soon they were out of the half-decayed hills, entering into the final stretch of open desert before reaching the dusty plateaus in the distance. While they had been traversing the hillside, they had been protected from the wind, but now that they were out in the open, it hit them in full force. With every step forward they took, the strength of the gale increased tenfold. The sand was whipped up into strange, otherworldly shapes and stung every inch of exposed skin.  
In an effort to protect themselves, they wrapped stray pieces of cloth around their heads, till only their squinting eyes remained visible. As they had wrapped themselves Kingston had explained that he had learnt the trick while fighting in some distant desert. 
As the wind-speed increased, Barsch could have sworn that it was coming from all directions. When he tried to tell this to the others, they replied by blank stares. Not wanting to remain a fool in their eyes, he tore off a piece of cloth and threw it into the air. Normally, it would be instantly blown away, but in defiance to the norms, it hung in mid-air, turning rapidly on the spot. It then began to float erratically, following a rough spiral pattern. As they all watched this strange phenomenon, Kingston started to shout something.
However, his words were whipped away by the wind the moment they left his mouth, so he was forced to forcibly grab Barsch and turn him around. Immediately, all thoughts of the strange behaviour of the cloth were ripped from his mind. Less than a mile away, a wall of sand was rapidly approaching. It seemed to have no end, and it blocked out the sky behind it. If Barsch’s mouth had not been stuffed full of cloth, he would have screamed. 
A sudden movement at the base of the encroaching wall drew his attention. It was a flock of vultures, struggling to escape from the moving mountain of sand. They were flying as fast as they could, but the wall was still catching up. A few of the smarter members of the group tried to fly up and over the sand, but their efforts were ultimately futile. One by one, they were swallowed by the earthy onslaught, their final shrieks cut painfully short. 
Barsch turned back to the group, to tell them about this latest development, but was once again rendered mute by what he saw. To his left and right, two more walls of sand were forming. They were trapped on all sides, with no hope of escape. As the walls grew near, the sun itself was blotted out, leaving the distressed group in near darkness. 
“Kingston! What do we do?” screamed Barsch, struggling to keep him composure in the darkness.
But Kingston had no answers. He looked around at the surging sand, seemed to make a decision, then in a sudden burst of speed tackled Barsch to the ground. Ignoring the boy’s angry protests, he looked for Alza, hoping that she would get the hint. But Alza was still on her feet, entranced by the wall of sand. Kingston began to call out to her, but stopped when he saw her glowing eyes. With her ivory hair being whipped to and fro, and her unearthly violet eyes, she could almost pass for a goddess. She raised her hands to the sky, as if she could hold back the sand with strength alone. 
However, it soon became evident that she was doing something. The wind, which had been howling from all directions nonstop, was suddenly gone. In its place was a strange calm. The sound appeared to have disappeared into the small, transparent orb that had suddenly materialized in Alza’s outstretched hands. Her eyes seemed to shine with even more intensity, and in response, the diminutive sphere began to grow larger. Soon it was larger than her, and it showed no sign of stopping. It touched the sand and expanded outwards, whilst simultaneously pushing the sand back. 
It reached Kingston and he braced himself, but it passed through him, on its journey outwards. The bubble was now several feet across, and just as high. It was clear, allowing the occupants inside an undisturbed view of the sand outside. For a moment, Kingston thought that he was safe, but then Alza sank to one knee and the bubble began to waver. From his position, he could see her face clearly. It was deathly pale, and her normally serene features were twisted in concentration. The stress of holding back so much sand was showing, as a thin rivulet of blood began to flow from her right eye. Still, she pressed on, giving everything she had to keep the protective shell going. 
Kingston could see that she wasn’t going to make it, and as he watched, large cracks appeared on the transparent bubble, distorting the world outside. They spread and grew larger, threatening the integrity of the dome. Alza was on both knees now, fighting with what little strength she had left. 
Bloody tears snaked down her pain-filled face and stained her dress. Suddenly, a sound filled the noiseless air, a whistling that Kingston had once associated with artillery fire. 
It was a boulder, more than five feet across and terminally solid. Plucked from some distant location, it was in no mood to be stopped by a flimsy barrier. With a speed that left a sonic boom in its wake, it collided with the collapsing bubble. To Alza’s credit, it did not break immediately, and for a moment Kingston regained hope. 
However, it was not to be, as mere seconds later the boulder punched, well, a boulder-sized hole in the dome. As the rest of the barrier collapsed and the overdue sand poured in, Kingston vaguely saw something collide with Alza, knocking her to the ground. Remembering his own charge, Kingston threw himself on top of the still protesting Barsch, smothering him completely. His last thoughts were driven from his mind by the onrush of smothering sand. As the darkness consumed him, he felt a faint heartbeat below him. He could only hope and pray that it would still be there, if he ever awoke…
*
Meanwhile, several miles away, at the peak of one of the aforementioned mountains, a trio of souls were having a heated discussion...
“Listen to reason brother! They are the only hope for this planet, so why do you try so hard to destroy them?” 
Terra stood on a platform made of rock which had seemingly erupted from the mountain peak. He was shaking with an anger that he had not felt in centuries. Far below them lay the desert, where the massive sandstorm still raged. It looked almost solid from this height, and appeared to be in no hurry to slow.
The man was floating effortlessly above mountain. His lifeless, grey eyes held no mirth. He was watching the storm with a sickening smile upon his face, and Terra shuddered for he knew that the man was cheering for the storm. 
“Ha! They are your solution? You sicken me, relying on humans, or have you forgotten that they are the ones who caused this mess in the first place?”
“Terra hasn’t forgotten, and neither have I, brother. We know that what they did was wrong, but we also know that they have the potential to change!” 
Ion stood atop a pillar made of ice, which had erupted from beside Terra’s rock spire. Her face was carefully blank, but Terra knew that a storm of a different kind raged below its calm surface.
The man, wearing a midnight black cloak with crimson accents, gave a loud, insulting guffaw and said, “Then you are just as foolish as him, Ion. We watched them grow and prosper under our rule, but the moment we turned our backs they waged war and destroyed themselves. Surely you can’t believe such a self-destructive species can be allowed to remain on this planet?” 
They both flinched at his heartless words. The worst thing about them was the absolute certainty with which he spoke. Their brother, once kind and caring, could now speak of their annihilation as if it were already decided. Their brother, who used to cry whenever one of the humans under his protection died. Their brother who used to speak of their countless virtues at every occasion, and who had wanted his siblings to learn things from those they taught.
Even though they had long since been forbidden to meddle with human affairs, Terra had often watched his brother secretly calm storms that threatened undefended cities and bring rain to the parched and dying lands. When confronted about doing such things, he would merely laugh and say, “But parents must always look after their children, even long after they are fully grown.”
Shaking himself from his reverie, he said, “You’re wrong about them brother. I agree that they sometimes fall from the path, but they would always admit to their guilt and work towards making amends. For every fight, there were tears of guilt shed, for every angry word, there were ten asking for forgiveness.”
“Terra is right; they aren’t as selfish as you say. I’ve been observing these humans, and I have watched them sacrifice their bodies for one another, with no reward for doing so. I have seen them console each other when times are hard, and laugh together when the storm breaks. I know in my heart that they care deeply for one another, and that they care for the planet just as much as we do!”
“You are both fools, blinded by your ties to these insects. I too have observed the vermin that you both think of so highly. I watched as they polluted the seas so that they could build more factories. I screamed in rage as they burned the land when greed triumphed over reason. You may see these creatures as wonderful playthings, but to me they’re nothing but monsters.”
Terra turned to Ion and sighed, knowing that any further discussion would be useless. How many times had they tried now? Fifty? A hundred? More? He knew that mere words could not break his brother’s madness, but what else could they do?
She caught his look and nodded sadly, knowing that their efforts had once again been futile. With resignation in her voice, she said, “It seems that you are beyond reasoning, I can only hope that when our chosen succeed, you will come to see that humans really can change their ways. Goodbye brother...”
“Ha ha ha! Your chosen? They are weak, and if this world does not kill them, He will.”
Before they had a chance to ask him what he had meant, he was gone, in a sudden gust of wind. Terra turned to Ion and said, “This is troublesome... who do you think he was referring to, sister?”
“I’m not sure, but I can only think of one person, but for their sake, I hope I am wrong. If it really is Him, well, then we will have to hope that they will be strong enough to face him by the time they arrive.”
Still pondering the words of their twisted brother, Ion disappeared in a flurry of snow. Terra looked out over the distant desert, where the sandstorm had changed the very shape of the land. Placing a hand on the cold stone beneath him, he sent a small tremor through the earth. It spread outwards from the mountain, racing towards a large mound of sand in the distance. The tremor made contact with the newly formed hill, before rebounding and flowing back to the anxious Avatar. The probe delivered its report, which brought a smile to Terra’s face. Somewhat relieved, he allowed the earth to swallow him into its dark depths.
*
“I can’t see anything... wait... where am I? I remember something about a sandstorm, and then Kingston tackled me... and then what? Ugh, I can barely breath like this! Okay, remain calm. Think... think... got it. If I can just reach down and...” 
Moments later, a long sliver of roaring metal broke through the mound of sand. Upon closer inspection, it was revealed to be an oddly shaped sword. The buzzing saw-teeth struggled to cut through the dense sand, but bit by bit, Barsch carved a way to the surface. After another minute of thrashing, he freed himself, and spent several moments gulping down huge lung-fills of air. 
Standing up, he surveyed his surroundings, noting that the distant mountains appeared to be closer than before. Once he had regained his breath, he began calling out, “Kingston! Alza! Maloch!” in a frenzied voice. Sinking to his knees, he started to dig into the sand. He dug until his brow was drenched in sweat, fighting to hold back the ominous thoughts that were filling his mind.
After a moment of rest, his frantic digging resumed. After several minutes, his fingers were bleeding, as numbness spread up his arms. Still, he dug onwards, unable to accept defeat. His father had often called him stubborn when he was younger, and at the moment he was glad that he had such a trait. At last, his body could take it no longer, and he collapsed. He lay there, panting and struggling to breath, in a hole of his own making.
The clouds overhead parted for a brief moment, allowing a ray of sunshine to bather the area in warmth. Barsch raised his head, searching for something that had glinted at the bottom of the hole only moments before. With newfound strength, he dug deeper. At first he thought it a gnarled root, with five small shoots rising from a thin trunk. After wiping away the sand, he saw that it was a withered hand, with a gold band encircling the ring finger.
In a moment of clear thinking, Barsch placed to finger’s on the old man’s wrist, feeling for a pulse. It was there, if only barely. Wasting no more time, he began to dig, willing himself into ignoring the mounting pain. The sand beside him began to pile up, as more of Kingston’s unconscious body was uncovered. At last, the old man was free, and Barsch pulled him up with a mighty tug. He lay there panting and groaning, while cursing his luck. After a while, he sat up and crawled over to the sand-covered hermit. Lowering his head to the old man’s chest, he could vaguely make out the slow rise and fall that told him that he was still breathing. 
With every breath, colour returned to Kingston’s pale complexion. He began to involuntarily cough and splutter, as his lungs fought for air. Slowly, he opened his eyes, blinking in the harsh morning light. As if celebrating the old man’s recovery, the clouds parted, letting in even more sunlight. Kingston raised his hand and placed it across his face, shielding his eyes from the intensified light. With a great amount of groaning and stretching, Kingston got to his feet. 
He stood there with a perplexed expression, wondering why he was not still encased in a tomb of sand. Looking down, he noticed the large hole beside him, as well as Barsch’s bloodied fingers. The boy had fallen asleep only moments before Kingston’s resurrection. Taking off his overcoat, Kingston laid it upon his sleeping saviour. 
“You really do too much for other people m’boy. You should learn to care for yourself before thinking of sacrificing yourself for dying old men.” 
After taking in his new surroundings, Kingston began his search for Alza and Maloch. However, he had nowhere near Barsch’s endurance or luck, and his search yielded no results. He thought back to his last memories, just before the sand had entombed him. He remembered Alza, as well as her strange bubble of air, but he could not recall what had happened to her after it had broken. He briefly thought of giving up, and telling Barsch that they were gone, but the thought of Barsch’s horrified reaction convinced him to carry on searching. 
On a hunch, Kingston called out, “Maloch! I order you to surface and report in!” When nothing happened, Kingston turned back to Barsch, wondering how to break the news as gently as possible. However, a sudden noise stopped him dead in his tracks. A little way away, a small mound of sand was swelling and rising. For a moment, Kingston tensed up and unfolded the solar staff, intent on protecting his defenceless charge. He relaxed when he saw a familiar metal hand break through the mound. It continued to rise into the air, and was soon followed by the rest of Maloch. 
Miraculously, he held Alza in his other hand. She was not moving, which worried Kingston somewhat, but at least she had been found. The re-mech dislodged the last particles of sand from his chassis, before standing up and walking over to Kingston. Laying Alza gently on the sand between them, he said, “Maloch reporting in, master.”
“Very good, I’m glad to see that you are alright, Maloch. How is she?”
“Thank you, Kingston. I too am glad for my continued existence. As for the girl, she seems to have collapsed due to exhaustion. I was able to shield her from the majority of the sandstorm, but she seems to still have suffered significant damage. How is Barsch?”
“He’s fine, just having a little rest at the moment. Tell me, what in the hell happened back there? That storm came out of nowhere… I was once told that all re-mech were equipped with weather-prediction software, did you sense anything?”
 Maloch appeared to shy back, as if he had been insulted, but replied nonetheless, “I do not know, though it is strange.”
“How so?”
“Well, the storm appears to have originated from all directions at once, which is statistically impossible. Additionally, there was no build up or pressure change in the surrounding atmosphere, which suggests that the storm appeared out of thin air, another impossibility. Finally, I detected an abnormal amount of kinetic energy in the sand, which resulted in velocities ten times the norm, and which would not have been possible without human interference.”
“Human interference? Maybe... maybe...” It was clear that any answers they could come up with would only be speculative, so he abandoned his questioning. They had survived yet again... 
“Given the amount of things that have threatened us thus far, we’ve been quite lucky. Perhaps someone up there likes us.” Kingston took a moment to think about this, before concluding, “However, to encounter so many obstacles in such a short time… maybe ‘like’ is the wrong word.”
Maloch, who had not been privy to Kingston’s private thoughts, asked, “What is our next course of action?”
“We don’t know where we are or how to get back home. All we have is a direction… and a madman lying at the end of the road. For now we’ll continue to head west, towards the mountains. Hopefully somewhere along the way a better alternative will be found.” Looking at the two sleeping youths at this feet he added, “Can you carry Alza and Barsch for me?”
“Of course. Calculating distance to desert boundary limit... calculating… calculating… distance calculated. Time to complete journey... three hours walking at a medium pace. Shall we set off?”
“Yeah, let’s not tempt fate by waiting around here any longer.”
*
After two hours of uneventful walking, Barsch awoke from his well-deserved rest. Initially he was confused, but after several minutes of explanation from Kingston, he calmed down significantly. However, no matter how much they tried, Alza refused to awaken. She lay there, in Maloch’s gentle grip, as still as a corpse. It reminded Barsch of how she had been after he had first seen her, all those nights ago in Kingston’s bedroom. 
“I know that she’s just recovering, but I can’t help but think that one of these days she’ll stay asleep for good.”
 Barsch tore his gaze away from her sleeping figure and glanced upwards, to where the sun now sat. Judging by its position, it was fast approaching noon. 
After another hour of walking, they reached the gentle slopes of the grey mountains. They were smaller than those near Kingston’s hut, but were still formidable. Thankfully, there was no need to brave their slopes unguided, as a well-worn path was quickly located. Noticing Barsch’s questioning gaze, Kingston explained that the area they were entering was well known for its mines, and that the path was probably a remnant of a mine-car track. No sooner had he said this, did they discover old pieces of metal bolted to the ground, alongside several broken mine-cars.
Ignoring the unusable relics, the group continued onwards. The path wound around the cold peaks and alongside steep cliff-side trails. Dotted throughout the landscape were more forgotten relics of the mining history, such as blocked off mine entrances and chipped spades and picks in their hundreds. It seemed as though a company of miners might round a corner at any moment, with faces covered in soot and gumboots muddied. But Barsch knew in his heart that no such thing was possible, and that aside from Kingston and Alza, he was the only human awake in the world.
More than once, he had felt the bitter pangs of homesickness, though what home he longed for, of the multitude he had had in his youth, he could not say. He also felt a strong desire to return to Genesis Station 13, as it was a place of safety in a dangerous world. Before reaching the oasis, he had often entertained the notion that he would return to his pod once Kingston was well, and that he would happily fall asleep once more. He would sleep his dreamless sleep for another five-hundred years, and when he awoke, it would be to a rejuvenated world, filled with his friends.
He would tell them of his adventures, of the strange hermit who had saved him and taught him so much, and of the mysterious girl, who had brought excitement and wonder into his monotonous world. He would even tell them of Maloch, who was like no other re-mech he had ever encountered. Sure, they would laugh and go along with it, whilst his father would commend him on making up such wondrous tales. But, they would never truly believe him, and when he was out of earshot, they would laugh at him and call him an imaginative fool. He would go to bed each night, wondering what had happened to the hermit and the girl; if they had found what they were searching for; if they had been happy; and if he had made the wrong choice.
However, that had all changed once he had met the Avatars, and heard their tale. He knew now that he could no longer just run away to the blissful ignorance of the pod. Whatever the reason, he was staying. He refused to abandon the others, after all they had been through. He knew that his choice would bring him a lot of pain and suffering but; when he was reunited with his father, he would be able to face him with a smile on his face.
“Barsch!” cried a fatigued Kingston.
Barsch immediately jerked to a stop, and it was a good thing he did, as he was standing at the edge of a precipice. If he had not stopped, he would have disappeared without so much as a word.
“Whew! Thanks Kingston,” he said, shaking his head to dispel his distracting thoughts. Yumiere had always joked about how he would get so caught up in his own thinking that he would not even notice the end of the world. And she had been right, in a way, it almost had been the end of his world.
“Are you okay m’boy? You looked like you were lost in your own world for a while there.”
“Sorry, I was just thinking about something...” Seeing Kingston’s worried expression he added, “I... I was thinking about home...”
Kingston had a pained look on his face when he replied, “Ah... sorry, I know that all of this wasn’t exactly what you signed up for. You wanted to help an old man find some medicine and ended up hundreds of miles from home with no clear way back…” At the end, he added, in a whispered voice, “You must hate me…”
“No! It’s not like that! I was just thinking of how much I’ve experienced since I met you, and how… I don’t want our journey to end yet.” Barsch tried to brighten up, even going so far as to clap his hands together and give Kingston a big smile, but the moment his bloodied fingers connected he let out a small whimper.
Kingston saw the pain in his eyes and heard his exclamation and, without a word, tore a long strip from his shirt and wrapped it around Barsch’s injured hands. 
“There we go. All better now!” He looked at his handiwork for a moment before continuing, in a more serious tone, “Barsch m’boy, you have to promise me that you won’t do anything else that will bring you harm, okay? We can’t return you to your family all covered in scrapes and bruises, now can we?”
Barsch tentatively felt his wrapped fingers, glad that the pain was already beginning to subside. “Thanks Kingston. I’ll try.”
Their brief exchange over, they rounded the last bend in the path and went to re-join Maloch, who had gone on ahead. Far below them, and stretching out as far as they could see, was a large, dusty plateau. The earth was red and cracked, with countless faults crisscrossing the landscape. Hundreds of plants and shrubs dotted the land, evidence of a large water source nearby. The path did not end at the base of the mountain as they had expected, but split into several branches that spread out into the distance.
The climb down was surprising easy, as the trail loped back and forth in wide arcs, which lessened the steepness of the descent by a large margin. They walked in silence, each too tired to talk, and trying desperately to stay awake. The weather was certainly not on their side, as the temperature began to rise the closer they came to the plateau. It was not the burning heat of the desert, it was a different kind of heat, one that stayed with you day and night, slowly sapping your strength. They left the grey mountains the same way they had entered them: without a sound. 
*
They walked on the path for a few more minutes until they came to a signpost. Its original paint had long since peeled off, and it lay at an odd angle in the dusty road, as if someone had crashed in to it at high speed. It had four white hands joined to the pole, each pointing in a different direction and each inscribed with the name of a destination. 
The words, in order of direction, were as follows: “NORTH – LINNIDEN MINES; EAST – SOLAS INFERNUS BADLANDS; SOUTH – DU-D-N L-K-; WEST – WAREVEN”. Barsch tried to make out the south facing hand’s destination, but years of weathering had left it illegible.
“Kingston?” asked Barsch, unsure of their path.
Kingston stared long and hard at the signpost, turning his head this way and that. The paths leading to the north and south were lined with stones and he could see lanterns placed on pillars in the distance. By comparison, the path to the west was unmarked, and he could see that it went through the roughest part of the plateau, heading straight for treacherous canyon country. 
“If I was on my own, and had the freedom to choose, I would head north, towards the mines. There, we might hope to find a mining station or a method of transportation to take you back home,” he quieted Barsch’s indignant outcry and continued, “I’ve made up my mind. I alone will be the one to complete the task that was given to us. It’s not right, sending children to such a dangerous place, just because a bunch of foolish adults messed up the planet. As soon as I can, I’m sending you and Alza back to the Station.”
“It is foolish of you to think you can order me to return, and expect me to comply.”
The words had not come from Barsch, as Kingston had initially thought. Rather, they belonged to a newly awoken Alza, who seemed to have fully recovered from her earlier ordeal. At her insistence, Maloch gently let her down. She stood there, arms crossed and wearing a petulant look on her face. 
“Alza! How are you feeling? asked Barsch in what he hoped was a friendly, albeit non-intrusive manner.
Taking no notice of his considerate greeting, she turned to the signpost and said, in a firm tone that expected compliance, “The Things from the oasis said to head west, so we head west.” 
For a moment, Kingston thought about arguing, but he was forced to admit that he had decided to go that way from the start, whatever happened. “Fine, we’ll go west, though I doubt our path will be easy.”
Following Alza’s lead, they headed into the heart of the plateau. As they walked, Kingston fell back and took up a position alongside Maloch, who was scanning the landscape for potential hostiles. Meanwhile, a cautious Barsch slowly sidled up to Alza, who appeared to take no notice. They spent a few minutes travelling in silence, Alza keeping her thoughts to herself while Barsch thought of what he could say to get her to open up to him. As he walked he practiced the conversation in his head, so that he would not make a mistake.
“Oh, hey Alza! Didn’t see you there. Me? I was just admiring the scenery. Oh really, you were doing the same? What a coincidence! What’s that, you want to talk about yourself? Sure I’ll listen. Yeah, it has been a pretty crazy journey so far... Yeah, sometimes I feel like just giving up and going home, but then I think about all the things I would miss out on, and I get the strength to carry on. Thanks! I’m glad that you feel the same way. Yeah, it is getting dark... you’re cold? Well... If it’s okay with you, I could lend you my coat? Sure! It was nice talking to you too...”
 “Do you need something from me, boy?” The voice was ice cold and cut through the silence like a blade through soft flesh. 
Barsch realised that he had been walking ever closer towards Alza, with a hapless smile across his face. His fingers brushed against her hand, and he jumped back in surprise. Immediately, all of his careful planning escaped from his mind, and he lamely stuttered, “Um.... well... you see... I was wondering if... I was thinking that maybe you wanted to talk about something,” he finally managed. In the safety of his own thoughts he cursed himself for his verbal ineptitude.
Alza stopped in her tracks, searching for any traces of insincerity in his face. Apparently finding none, she said, “For what reason do you wish to converse with me?”
“Well, at least she replied... though I guess things could have started better.” 
Trying hard not to stutter, he tentatively said, “Um... I guess I just wanted to find out more about you... I mean, we’ve been travelling together for a while now, and we hardly know each other...”
“That is your only reason? What does it matter if you know about me or not? Once I have what I want, I will go my own way, and you will not follow.”
“I don’t believe you! I know that you act aloof and uninterested, but deep down you care about us!”
As soon as the words left his mouth, he knew he had gone too far. He had been expecting to see anger or irritation cloud her delicate features, but what she did was much worse. In an unbelievably cold voice which should have surrounded her in a flurry of hail, she said, “If that is all you have to say, then we are done here. Please do not disturb me any further.”
Knowing that he could say no more, Barsch silently slinked back to join Kingston and Maloch. The old man was watching him with a concerned look, and he called out to Barsch as he came closer, “I don’t know why you even bother trying to talk to that woman, she’s more trouble than she’s worth.”
“You’re wrong about her. I know that you can’t see it, but I can. I think that something must have happened to her to make her like this.”
“Go ahead and blame her actions on someone else if you want to, but at the end of the day, she’ll be only watching out for one person: herself.”
Barsch looked at Kingston and sighed, knowing that what the old man was partially right. However, he truly believed that Alza could change, that she could become a normal girl, who would laugh at his lame jokes and cheer him up when he faltered.
“But... is that what I really want? If Alza started acting like a normal teenager, wouldn’t she cease to be the Alza that I know?” 
Barsch was about to tell Kingston that he was wrong when he noticed that the object of their discussion had come to a stop. As Barsch hesitantly walked towards her, he saw the reason for her sudden immobility. A deep chasm, at least twenty feet across, stood in their way. Far below, Barsch could hear the gentle flow of water, but the darkness of the canyon obscured his view of the river. The canyon seemed to originate from the north, with the water cutting a southward path through the soft rock. It would take them more hours than they had to circle round, and he very much doubted they could jump across. 
However, hope lay a little way away, in the shape of a rickety wooden bridge. It had evidently seen better years, as one of the ropes that served as a handrail had come apart, and several planks were rotting or, in some places, completely missing. Still, it was better than nothing, and they had little choice in the matter. Once they reached the bridge, Barsch’s confidence dropped down another couple of notches. Turning to Kingston, he said, “Um... not to be a Nervous Nellie but... we haven’t really had a lot of luck with heights lately...”
Kingston nodded, eyeing the unstable bridge with a wary eye. “Maloch, can you do a structural analysis?”
The re-mech nodded its massive head and knelt down, its golden eyes turning a light shade of blue. It swung its head back and forth, scanning every part of the crumbling bridge. After a few minutes, its eyes regained their golden sheen and it gave its report.
“Structural analysis complete. Results are as follows: Number of planks structurally compromised: thirteen; Number of missing planks: nine; Bridge anchors remaining: two of a possible four. Left handrail decayed beyond recovery. Overall structural integrity: twenty-nine percent. Likelihood of crossing causing catastrophic structural failure... one in four.”
Barsch. Alza. Kingston. Maloch. One in four. According to probability, three would make it across unharmed, while the fourth… wouldn’t. 
While Barsch was calculating this very simple yet very serious mathematical problem, Kingston spoke. “Well... I mean... it’s not like this is the first time we’ve looked death square in the face and survived. Come to think of it, It’s not even the first time this day!” Kingston could see that his obvious attempt at bravado wasn’t having the desired effect. “What I mean is, we’ll be okay,” he added, in a soft voice. 
Without waiting for anyone to say anything, he began to cross the death-trap. Ignoring Barsch’s attempts to bring him back, he merely shouted out, “Don’t worry m’boy! If it breaks under my weight, you can search for another crossing!” 
With a dexterity that most would not ascribe to a man of his age, he nimbly made his way across. That’s not to say that there weren’t moments when a plank would suddenly drop out from underneath him, but he was just quick enough to jump backwards when that happened. After what seemed like an eternity -to Barsch at least- he made it to the opposite end. He stood there, a relieved grin plastered across his sweat-soaked face.
“See! If an old man like me can do it, anyone can!” he said, after he finally caught his breath. 
Alza was the next to attempt the treacherous crossing, and she did even better than Kingston. Her lithe frame seemed to dance across the bridge, and her feet were never in one place for long. Even when three planks had crumbled under her feet, she simply grabbed the remaining handrail with both hands and swung herself upwards, her mid-air pirouette seemed at first to be just for show, but then the momentum carried her forward, and she was deposited on the far bank.
If Barsch had not been distracted by his thoughts -“One in four”- he would most likely have applauded.
Finally, it was Barsch’s turn to cross. At first, it seemed to be going well, but with every step he took, the groaning of the tortured planks grew louder. Kingston and Alza’s passage had loosed even more planks, and disturbed those that remained. 
“I guess I can take comfort in the fact that they made it across safely.”
The crossing was taking longer than he had anticipated. Every step had to be measured and weighed before he moved. It took an age to feel every plank with his foot before he trusted it enough to bear his weight. All the while the creaking and groaning grew steadily in volume. 
“This was a really bad idea,” he thought as he took another step. Only a few more to go; only a little while longer until he was safe.
One in Four.
It seemed to happen in slow motion, as Barsch watched the last rope handrail begin to fray and unravel. Time had stopped by the time the far rope anchor was ripped out of its socket, and when Barsch tried to turn his head, it seemed to take forever. With enough time for only two words, he screamed, “STAY AWAY!” 
Maloch, who had been watching the entire seen unfold, had ignored his desperate plea and was already moving towards him. 
He might be doomed, but that did not mean that Maloch had to fall with him. Maloch, however, clearly had conflicting thoughts on the matter. The lumbering re-mech moved with a form-belying speed, his heavy feet shattering the planks beneath him. He managed to stay ahead of the destruction, but it was fast catching up to him. What was he thinking? He could not possibly hope to cross the bridge in time…
“No… it wasn’t possible for him to cross it, but if he was lucky then he might make it almost all the way across. To me.” 
Maloch was moving as a blur when he reached Barsch. The boy offered no resistance as the re-mech scooped him up with one massive hand. They were still several feet from the edge, and the wood beneath them was little more than splinters still holding a plank shape. With momentum on his side, Maloch lifted Barsch and threw him. He spun in the air, ground and sky becoming sickeningly interchangeable. Due to his trajectory he had lost sight of his saviour, but his imagination quickly made up for his missing vision. 
Maloch’s throw carried him well beyond the lip, where Kingston and Alza were standing in frozen time. Kingston, his face contorted into a rictus of horror and fear, was at odds with the ever-serene Alza. Barsch did not know whether Maloch had had time to aim before he launched him, for he was now spiralling down towards Alza. He wondered if she would catch him, or somehow create a cushion of air to soften his fall. 
He received his answer a microsecond later when she side-stepped smoothly and let him crash into the hard-packed earth. The force of his abrupt halt drew the air from his lungs, but he did not feel anything snap or break. Without giving his body a moment’s rest, Barsch heaved himself up and turned back to his saviour, or rather, where his saviour had been. Where the re-mech had been, only empty air remained. There had been only one place for him to go: down.
“MALOCH!!!!” he screamed, knowing that his friend was gone.
Silence, and then, “Yes, Barsch?” 
Barsch could only watch dumbfounded as the re-mech appeared over the lip of the canyon, its heavy arms dragging its body upwards and over the edge. Barsch did not know what to say or do, he could only sit there and laugh in relief. 
“I am sorry I did not give you adequate notice of my intentions, but time was rather limited.”
“Its fine, I don’t care! As long as you’re safe!”
“I have not sustained any significant damage, if that is what you mean.”
This earned another bout of laughter from Barsch. It was either laugh or cry, and he had thankfully chosen the former. Maloch stood before him, relatively unharmed. 
One in four? 
“We defied the odds, but only just…” 
The four of them -everyone accounted for- stood in silence for a while. Barsch was trying to think of the proper words to convey his gratitude, but the whole ordeal had robbed him of his vocabulary. Kingston wore a mixture of relief and worry, but that was almost his default state. Barsch knew that the old hermit wanted to chastise him for his foolishness, but something held back the cautionary words.
Turning towards his saviour, he said, simply, “Thank you, friend.” 
With those three words he tried to convey the enormity of his gratefulness, and from the way Maloch’s eyes lit up he had succeeded. They stood there, in a bubble of unspoken words, until Alza shattered it by leaving. She did not even look back as she walked away, and they were forced to hurry after her lest she disappear from sight.
*
The sun crept forward towards the horizon as they walked, twisting their shadows into strange, eerie forms. The wind, which until then had been a welcome barrier against the insufferable heat, brought an almost as bad chill to the air. Now and again, they would come across another chasm in their path, but they were far smaller than the first and easily crossed. With every crossing, they encountered more and more signs of civilization; whether it be a discarded tool or battered signpost. 
More than once, they came upon the remains of a campsite, the rusted pots overturned and the aluminium skinned tents torn to shreds. It was an harrying sight, and they did not linger for very long. In time, Barsch began to feel the first symptoms of sleep appear; as his vision began to cloud and his feet started to draw lines in the dusty earth. He could see similar symptoms in Alza and Kingston, though both hid it better than he. Even Maloch, normally a pillar of stamina and strength, took shorter strides and let his massive hands hang at his sides.
As Barsch stared, he started to see the damage he had missed previously. Maloch’s eyes were dimmer than when he had first seen them, and he now bore countless scratches and gashes in his once clean chassis. One in particular, running from his right shoulder to his left hip, seemed to be particularly bad, judging from the slow but steady trickle of green fluid originating from the ‘wound’. Barsch fancied that he could even see a sliver of the deep blue reactor that gave the re-mech life.
Thinking logically, it was no surprise that Maloch bore so many wounds, considering all they had been through. His -possibly- once-broken leg aside, no one else in the group seemed to have suffered as much as the re-mech. 
“It must be hard, to continuously put your life on the line for humans and not even have the option to refuse.” 
Until the entirety of the human race had entered the Great Sleep, re-mechs had been nothing more than slaves and soldiers, forced to comply with humanity’s every whim, no matter how dangerous or absurd. 
Even after humans had gone to the stations -when the re-mechs theoretically should have been free- they had worked for the benefit of mankind. They had been programmed to toil away for five-hundred years, rebuilding a world that was not their own. And what would the humans say, when they finally awoke? “Thank you?” or “You are free now?” 
Either option was as unlikely as the sun rising in the west. Most likely they would simply say, “Your next task is to...”  
Curiosity overcoming his common sense, he asked, “Maloch, would you like to be free?”
Instead of the anticipated answer of “I live to serve my human masters, freedom is not a priority nor is it a goal”, Maloch turned to him and simply said, “Yes.” 
Barsch had known from the moment he had met him that Maloch was not like a normal re-mech, but his answer still caught him off guard. “Well, when this is all over, you will have you freedom, I swear it.”
Although his face was made of metal and therefore emotionless, Barsch fancied he could see the gratitude in his face as he said, “Thank you, Barsch La Tergan.” 
While they talked, Kingston was several feet ahead, scouting out the landscape. His travels as a young soldier had taught him much, including the importance of cherishing the quiet moments and always wearing fresh socks, but they had also taught him about the beasts of the world. He was relying on that knowledge now, as he tried to remember the hundreds of different signs that separated one animal from another. He glanced down, noting the fresh tracks in the dust. Each set of footprints was quite far from the next, suggesting that whatever had made them had quite a long stride. He knelt down, ignoring his protesting hip, and placed his hand inside one of the prints. It barely filled it.
So, whatever had left the tracks was big. Worryingly big. Another thing that worried him was the number of tracks; with his rough count coming to at least twenty separate animals. Judging from the fact that they were all heading in the same direction -west- and that they were travelling in a pack, he could tell that they would be a threat to watch out for.
Alza on the other hand, wasn’t concerned in the slightest with re-mech slavery or strange animal tracks. Instead, her eyes were focused on the horizon, as if merely staring hard enough at their destination would bring it closer. It was because of this wistful attitude that she was the first to see it.
‘It’ lay half a mile away, still somewhat obscured by a rock outcrop. As they neared, Alza could make out more details of the strange object. 
It was a mining vehicle, that much was clear from the crossed pick-axes emblazoned on the blackened hull. From the way it lent to one side, it was obvious that it had been abandoned due to some mechanical problem. However, she revised her initial opinion as she drew near, noticing the gaping hole which ran along the length of the side nearest to her. 
She was in the midst of analysing the vehicle when a hearty voice called out, “Would you look at that!” It was Kingston, who had managed to sidle up to her completely undetected; which was quite a feat for someone his age.
Turning to Barsch and Maloch, he yelled back, “Here! Come and take a look at this!” As he waited for them to catch up, he began to move around the vehicle, inspecting its black and red surface with a critical gaze. 
When they had all gathered around the vehicle, he said, “Do you have any idea what this is?” He was met with a sea of blank stares. “Ah, young people today! This... this is a Voxner 250! I didn’t know that one still existed! And here I thought they had scrapped them all due to safety concerns!”
“Safety concerns?” asked Barsch.
The old hermit had already climbed into the two-seater cab at the front of the vehicle, and didn’t even turn around when he said, “Oh don’t worry, it’s nothing major... just some problems with the brakes that they couldn’t fix. If we keep her under 300, we should be fine...” and then, in a slightly softer voice he repeated, “Should be fine...”
“Wait, you don’t expect us to ride in it do you? What about the huge hole in the cargo bay? Plus, I’m sure it’s supposed to have more wheels than this.” Barsch’s worries went unanswered, which was worrying in itself.
Kingston, fresh from inspecting the cab, reappeared and dropped down beside Barsch. Placing an arm around him, he grandly proclaimed, “Just think of it m’boy, you’ll be one of the last people to ride in this beauty for at least five-hundred years.”
Once Kingston was out of earshot, Barsch muttered to himself, “For once, I completely agree with you,” he took another look at the ancient machine, “One of the last alright...”
*
For the next hour, Kingston was hard at work, darting around while covered in sweat and oil as he worked to restore the vehicle to working order. Barsch, for the most part, merely stood and watched, unable to keep up with the old man’s pace. Occasionally he would pop out from under the bonnet and ask if anyone had seen his wrench, or if Maloch could spare any more oil for the engine. Bit by bit, the Voxner was transformed, from immobile wreck to elegant speedster. Even the paint was redone, though Barsch did not ask how or why. What had once been a myriad of red and black overlapping arrows was now a green flame ringed by a sea of blue. The engine had even purred when Kingston flipped the ignition switch. Even the gaping hole was gone, covered by several spare sheets of metal. In short, it looked roadworthy and substantially less likely to kill them.
Barsch found himself struck by the same ear to ear grin that had settled into Kingston’s withered face as he took in the marvellous machine. He reached out a hand towards the cooling paint, feeling the soft hum of the engine through the metal.
“I changed my mind... It’s actually pretty cool.”
“I knew you would say that, m’boy!” When Kingston turned away Barsch heard him mutter, “Pity I couldn’t fix the engine properly though...”
Out of the corner of his eye Kingston saw the colour drain from Barsch’s, so he quickly added, “Oh, don’t worry, she’ll run just fine! I mean, I patched the hole in the engine with some Quik-Fix Glue, so it should hold for at least a couple of hours. I think...”
Before Barsch had the time to protest, Kingston bundled him up into the cab, strapping him in with no less than three seat restraints. After calling Alza and Maloch and ushering them to the cargo container, he hopped into the driver’s seat. Just before Kingston put the vehicle in gear, Barsch caught up to reality and asked, “Um... Kingston, don’t take this the wrong way, but... are you sure you should be driving? I mean, isn’t there an autopilot or something? And even if there isn’t one, can’t Maloch drive?”
Instead of looking hurt, Kingston merely reached into one of his dashboard containers and brought out an ancient pair of sun-visors. Slipping them on in what looked like a well-practiced manoeuvre, he turned to Barsch and said, “Why whatever are you talking about m’boy? In my day, all my friends used to call me the Speed-King... well, until that accident with Jonathan... anyway, I’m the best driver we have!” 
“He’s definitely too old to be having a mid-life crisis… maybe an end-life crisis instead? 
Barsch tried to point out that Kingston had not driven a vehicle in decades, but was cut off by the roar of the engine. Almost immediately, a thick plume of greyish-black smoke began rising from under the bonnet. “Hmm... I thought I fixed that... oh well, I’m sure we’ll be fine without it.” 
Once more, Barsch tried to say something, but the old man moved the gear selector into ‘Turbo’ and floored the accelerator. For a moment or two nothing happened, then, at breakneck speed, the Voxner moved backwards. It took a couple of seconds for Kingston to realise that the scenery was travelling in the wrong direction, by which time Barsch was praying desperately to any gods in the area for a painless death. Kingston, in a display of driving finesse, did not even bother with the brake, instead opting to spin the wheel 360 degrees and wrenching the gear selector into ‘Reverse’. 
For a moment, it seemed as though the Voxner would flip over and crush them, as nine of the fifteen wheels lost contact with the ground and the vehicle started groaning and creaking. In the cracked side-mirror, Barsch saw the flimsy sheets covering the hole in the cargo bay rip away, which was followed by Alza poking her head through the newly created gap. Barsch had never seen her openly display fear or surprise, but he thought that he could see the traces of both emotions in the pale pallor of her skin and the edges of her frowning mouth. Their lopsided trajectory through the air seemed to go on forever, until the rest of the wheels finally reconnected with the hard earth. The vehicle gave a brief shudder, and for a moment Barsch thought that it might fall apart around him, but after a few tense seconds, the engine started up again and they were off.
“See? I told you that there was nothing to be worried about!” Barsch couldn’t help but notice the beads of sweat lining Kingston’s wrinkled brow, nor could he un-see his leathery hands clenched tight on the steering wheel. Just to be sure, he checked and re-checked his safety harness, and even briefly considered searching for a helmet. However, as the Voxner cruised leisurely along the unseen path, his worries began to fade a little. The fading light threw up hundreds of shadows, which could have been anything from harmless plants to gaping chasms. In response Kingston flipped a switch which resulted in a beam of harsh light scything through the deepening darkness. In a rare display of pattern recognition, Barsch began counting under his breath.
On the tenth count, the light died, and they were swallowed by the night.
*
Meanwhile, in the twenty foot long cargo container behind the cab, Alza was climbing to her feet. She had been trying to ascertain the reason for their sudden reversal when the vehicle had suddenly pulled a 180 degree turn and started accelerating in the opposite direction. She had been flung across the small space, luckily landing on the ever-stable Maloch. He had given no sign that he objected to her sudden presence, and had said nothing afterwards. After regaining her balance, she moved to the gaping hole in the container wall. Using it as an impromptu window, she stuck her head out once more, staring at the landscape flashing by at an impossible speed. Curious, she turned her head and asked, “Re-mech, what is our current velocity?
For a moment, there was no reply, then the metal giant glanced up and said, “We are currently travelling at one hundred miles per hour, and are accelerating. The fuel cell level is sixty-seven percent, and hull integrity is thirty-nine percent. Outside temperature is eighty degrees Fahrenheit. Is that sufficient information, Mistress Alza?”
“Yes. That will do...”
Silence reigned unchallenged for several long minutes until she asked, “Tell me, re-mech, are you capable of performing a blood test?”
“I am equipped with limited sequencing capabilities. May I ask why you wish to know, Mistress Alza?”
“Since we have some time, I would like you to sequence my DNA. Can you do that for me, re-… Maloch?”
For a moment, it seemed as though the subservient re-mech would voice his disagreement, but he merely motioned for Alza to lie back. She did so, a small shiver shooting up her spine as her skin touched the cold metal floor. He knelt beside her, whilst his four-fingered hand set about reconfiguring itself. It seemed to collapse in on itself, as his alloyed digits transformed into a three-inch long needle and a smooth, clear cylinder. A network of tubes connected the needle to the chamber, and several more snaked into various ports in Maloch’s arm. One of these cables reached up and inserted itself into the side of his head. As the wire connected, a soft green glow replaced his customary golden orbs. With the setup ready, he softly asked, “Beginning sequencing procedure. Are you sure you want to proceed?”
Alza eyed the large needle where his hand used to be, but she felt no fear, only curiosity of what he would find. Taking a deep breath, she said, “I’m ready. You may proceed.”
The re-mech gently inserted the needle in her upper arm, in the crook of her elbow. She felt a tiny pinch, but a moment later the painkillers were flooding into her bloodstream. She was still awake, but only barely conscious of the blood leaving her body, which soon filled up the clear chamber with crimson life essence. In an instant, it was done, and the needle was out, replaced by an electrode-studded mesh which would automatically seal up the wound and prevent bruising and infection. Alza lay back, her mind still dulled by the pain medication. Maloch had already turned away to begin the sequencing. The weight of fatigue coupled with the somnolent painkillers called to her, beguiling her into resting her eyes for a moment. She complied. There didn’t seem to be much choice.
*
“...You are perfect, Alza. Now, go out and complete your mission, and let nothing get in your way. When you return, you will be our saviour...”
Alza did not know for how long she had slept, though judging by the soft moonlight streaming in through the hole; it had been for some time. Maloch was where she had last seen him, still hunched over, peering at the chamber. When he saw that she had awoken, he hastily said, “My deepest apologies Mistress Alza, It appears as though the dose I gave you was greater than necessary. Most humans would need as much to deal with the pain, but your pain sensors barely activated. Curious. I have finished the DNA sequencing.”
Time for answers, one way or another. “Go ahead. Tell me what you found.”
“Affirmative, Alza. Starting genetic feedback... Approximate age: fifteen years, seven months, fourteen days. Pollutant concentration: Zero point zero zero percent. Inherent Genetic Damage: None. Telomere length… error. Percentage of DNA in common with average human profile: Ninety-Eight percent. Error. Two percent of DNA not found in any database. Foreign matter detected. DNA anomalies detected. DNA replication protocols within norms. Error. DNA age does not match physical age. Logging error as due to malfunction in sequencing equipment. Final  analysis: DNA is mostly within normal ranges. Is this result satisfactory?”
Alza sat in silence, processing his words. She did not know what she had been expecting, perhaps she had thought that the re-mech would simply tell her who and what she was. It was a clue, of that she was sure, but she knew that the real answers would not come so easily. Taking a deep breath, she calmly, yet firmly said, “Maloch, you are not to tell anyone of what we you have found. Not the old man, not even Barsch. Do you understand?”
It was clear that the re-mech was having a hard time justifying having to keep secrets from them. Taking pity on the re-mech, she followed with, “You may consider that an order, Maloch.” 
If he had had lungs, he would have breathed a sigh of relief. It was so much easier to follow orders than to have to think up lies. Suddenly, they noticed a new sensation, or rather, the absence of a familiar one: movement. They had stopped.
After a few seconds, moonlight flooded the dark container from the now opened door. Barsch stood outside, his pale face made even more so by the soft light. Shaking his head, he muttered, “Crazy old fool... didn’t even use the break... jumped the canyon... never again...” 
Still muttering to himself, he walked out of view. On her third try, Alza managed to stand up, though her vision was still unsteady as she lurched out the back of the Voxner. The painkillers had numbed her senses, which naturally included her sense of balance and proprioception. After half-falling out of the rickety vehicle, she glanced at her new surroundings with something approaching awe.
They appeared to be in a courtyard of some sort, though erosion and time had robbed them of their certainty. On either side of the possible courtyard were large stone pillars, their faded white faces carved with scenes of ancient battles and forgotten rituals. Suddenly, Alza noticed a small figure beside one of the nearer pillars. The figure turned towards them and said, in a soft voice, “This place is old... very old. Long before the Quantum Age of Humanity if I’m any judge. This architecture... these hieroglyphs, I’ve never seen anything like this before... and I’ve been almost everywhere.”
Barsch appeared from the other side of the Voxner. Taking one look at the pillars, he turned to the figure and said, “Kingston... There’s something you should see...” Kingston gave instructions to Maloch on setting up camp, and trailed off after Barsch. Alza followed, marginally interested in this strange place. Beyond the courtyard, she could see several broken towers and the remains of a thick wall. As they walked, they passed wonder after wonder, from huge, multi-tiered fountains to free-standing glass obelisks. Down one alleyway, Alza swore she could see moonlight glinting off a perfect golden sphere, with not a mark on it to indicate it had been shaped by human hands. 
After a while, a suspicious feeling came over her, and she started paying more attention to the buildings they encountered. By the third, she was sure: they had not been built, they had been shaped out of the earth. Every stone fit perfectly, until one could not even discern where one block ended and the next began. The walls seemed to run into the dusty soil, and the white stone transformed effortlessly into the brown and red of the land. Even the glass obelisks, which seemed to have been used as streetlamps in some fashion, had no bases, as glass met earth and disappeared. She was still puzzling out how such a thing could be possible, when she realized that Barsch and Kingston had stopped. They had reached a large plaza, some two hundred feet across. In the centre of the plaza lay a raised dais, where a towering statue had been erected. 
The statue also appeared to have been grown out of the earth, yet it was who it depicted that drew Alza’s gaze. 
“Terra...” 
She did not know who had said it, perhaps all three at once. It was unmistakable, as before them lay the Avatar. Not all details matched of course, otherwise the Terra they knew would have been fifty feet tall with burning eyes and angel wings, but they could still see the similarities. His serious face, framed by golden locks, and the remains of emerald paint on his cloak gave his identity away. Still, it was a far cry from the stern yet friendly Avatar they had met in the dream. If Alza was any judge, this statue had portrayed him as an angel, or perhaps a god.
“It’s him, isn’t it? I mean, they did say that they had helped guide humanity in the past, right?” Barsch was looking at the statue with a mixture of anxiety and awe, as though he could not decide on whether he should be fearful or relieved.”
Kingston turned back from his own study of the plaza, and replied, “It’s him alright. Still, to create an entire city out of the earth... we must take care never to get on his bad side.” 
With nothing more to do there, they turned around and headed back to the Voxner, each preoccupied by their thoughts. The journey back was uneventful, and Alza did not glance at a single earth-grown building. Before long, they were back in the courtyard, with Maloch’s bright eyes acting as a guiding light home. 
“It’s getting late. We should go to sleep.” 
Again, Alza could not make out which of them had said it. 
Without waiting for anyone else, Kingston climbed into his sleeping bag and was soon fast asleep, if his gentle snoring was any indication. Maloch had taken up post beside the Voxner, his searchlight eyes sweeping across the courtyard in perfectly timed intervals. Barsch took one last look in the direction of the statue, before moving to his own bedding. The painkillers were still calling to her from her own bedding, and Alza did not wait long before following the others into the dreamscape.
*
Light. Warmth. Heat. Flames. Pain. Panic. Terror. Desperation. Death. 
I am standing in the middle of a large plaza, surrounded on all sides by a multitude of bowing humans. They lie, face down, facing towards the centre of the plaza. There, sitting on a throne of earth, is a man. Around him, woman languish in luxury and men in crowns wait eagerly for his attentions. Suddenly, he stands, staring at the sky. He appears to be listening to an unseen voice, and nods in agreement. After a few more minutes of conversation, he looks down sadly and shakes his head.
Immediately, the people around me cry out with a deathly wail, as if he had just announced the end of the world was imminent. From their horrified faces, maybe he has. He looks to me, and my blood freezes in its eternal circuit. His eyes, a deep emerald, burn like the sun. His golden hair seems angelic, and rightly so. Not giving any indication he has even noticed me, he rises into the air. Raising his arms to the sky, a harsh light surrounds him. The light grows more intense, blinding me until I throw my arms up to protect my eyes. However, the people in the plaza make no effort to shield themselves. They stare fixatedly at the shining figure, tears running down every face.
In a flash, he is gone, replaced by a towering statue of himself. Vanity? Or a mournful memento? The people turn now to those who had been near the man, their angry shouts demanding an explanation. The shouting intensifies as the mob moves toward the men with crowns and sceptres. From the back of the crowd, a rock is lobbed with surprising accuracy. It strikes a man beside the cooling statue, knocking him down. More rocks are flung as chaos erupts, with man fighting woman and peasants fighting kings. 
Unseen to all but me, two men float unsupported above the plaza. The first man wears a mask of anguish, and tears from his light blue eyes fall towards the earth below but do not strike it. The man beside him is marginally less emotional, but the redness around his eyes belies his true feelings. He seems to be trying to console the first man without much success. Angrily he pushes his companion away, before quickly vanishing into the air. The remaining man is left to stare in sadness at the violence below. He turns, his piercing green eyes boring into mine, and says, “You are in-
-danger!” 
With a start, Alza awoke. The sullen moon in the sky told her that it was not yet dawn, yet Barsch and Kingston were already up and on their feet. Blood had matted the young man’s hair, and his left arm hung limply beside his body. Kingston had fared little better, and his blood-stained shirt and hobbled leg gave indications to the extent of his injuries. Alza could not see Maloch, but she could hear the roar of his sonic cannon from the other side of the Voxner.
Struggling to her feet, she cried, “What’s happening?”
Shouting over Lanista’s roar, Barsch replied, “We’re under attack! They’ve surrounded us!”
Suddenly, a break in the clouds overhead allowed a ray of moonlight to bathe the area, revealing their unseen enemy. At first glance, she counted twenty of the beasts. They had formed a rough ring around the courtyard, and were slowly tightening their inescapable net. Blood-stained teeth, harsh crimson eyes and bleached white coats gave of the appearance of hellhounds, but from the two that lay dead not five paces away, she knew they were real.
As if reading her mind, Kingston said, “Cóyotl, a vicious breed. Carnivorous; two feet tall and four long; with a penchant for ambushes and scavenging. Razor sharp fangs and claws, and a brutal nature. Maloch says that that they have a pollutant concentration of sixty-two percent, the highest he’s ever seen. Bloody things must have been tracking us since we arrived, and attacked when we were most vulnerable.”
“So what do we do?” asked Barsch, with pain in his voice.
“I don’t think we’re dealing with the whole pack here, just a scouting group. I doubt they’ll continue to attack if we can show them that we’re not worth it.”
Alza nodded and walked quickly towards the injured duo. As she reached them, she embraced the ever-present power that dwelt within her, allowing it to fill her completely. It did not come at first, and she had to force it out of her mind, bit by bit. Maloch reappeared from the other side of the Voxner, his back towards them, occasionally firing warning shots towards the encircling beasts. Kingston had drawn his solar staff, and its light seemed to drive the creatures back by a hair. 
Barsch reached down towards the miniaturized engine on his chainsword and pulled the ripcord. On the third try it caught. With a great deal of coughing and spluttering, the saw teeth surrounding the blade began to increase in speed. Their preparations complete, the weary group positioned themselves with the Voxner behind them, guarding their rear. As one they turned and faced the snarling cóyotl.
As if on command, the fiends leapt towards the travellers as one body, a simultaneous howl announcing their vile intensions. Alza could not afford to pay attention to the others, as six of the beasts had chosen her as their target. She briefly heard Maloch’s cannon fire and Lanista roar, before the beasts were upon her. Not fully knowing what she did, she lashed out with her power, flinging it randomly into the air. In mid-air, two of the cóyotl burst into flame, whilst another was flung back by an unseen force. She could already feel the drain in her energy, as she struggled to maintain control. 
Refocusing her power, another two creatures were raised higher into the air and then flung into the distance. However, through sheer luck, one of the cóyotl had made it through, and its outstretched claws drew white-hot lines across her abdomen. As soon as the pain appeared, it was gone, washed away by the power bubbling within her. As she raised her hand to destroy the last beast, the power suddenly faded away, her body no longer able to contain it. The animal before her had flinched as she had raised her hand, but it soon realised that nothing was coming. Taking advantage of her confusion it leapt once more, aiming for her exposed neck. 
Alza raised her arms in a futile attempt to shield herself, but in her heart she knew that she could not hold back sixty pounds of pure killing intent. Suddenly, the roar that she had been hearing in the background was right beside her, as Lanista’s unmistakable profile swung past her and buried itself into the airborne cóyotl. The beast gave one last howl and then fell silent. Barsch withdrew the still screaming blade and gave Alza what he probably thought was a cheery smile. To Alza, it looked more like a pain filled grimace, but she declined to comment on his expression. 
Looking past him, she could see the results of the battle. Including the two before her, twelve cóyotl had breathed their last, while the howls of the rest could be heard in the distance. As for the combatants; only Maloch was undamaged, though his dimming eyes suggested a critical loss of power. Lit up by his solar staff, Kingston appeared to have fared the worst, as two streams of dark blood flowed down his face and pooled in his already blood-soaked beard. He was leaning heavily on the staff, and every breath was long and tortured. Barsch had seemed to have fared little better, and it looked like adrenaline was the only thing holding the young man up.
“Hah! We sure showed them, didn’t we, Kingston?” The laugh sounded forced, and Alza could see the unasked question in his eyes.
Kingston did not answer for several moments, breathing heavily as he surveyed the carnage around them. “It’s not over. They’ll be back, and in greater numbers. We can’t stay here. Let’s go.” Each sentence was forced, and Alza got the impression that he was barely staying conscious. Without waiting for a reply he turned and slowly limped towards the Voxner.
As he reached for the cab door, Barsch caught up to him and said, “No! You’re hurt, and I’m not letting you drive in your condition.”
“Someone has to drive m’boy. Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine,” lied Kingston. 
He turned back towards the door and tried to open it, but Barsch stopped him and said, calmly, “No.” 
Then, in a quieter, yet no less firm voice, he said, “Maloch, please put Kingston in the back. And when you’re done with that, would you please activate the autopilot on the Voxner?”
“Yes mas- I understand, Barsch.”
Ignoring the old man’s protests, the re-mech gently scooped Kingston up and placed him in the hold. Turning back to Barsch, he said, “Order fulfilled. The auto-pilot has been activated. I have taken the liberty of setting a course for the nearest village, where medical supplies may be present.”
Climbing into the container after Kingston, Maloch disappeared from view. Barsch was already climbing into the driver’s seat, with Alza climbing in beside him moments later. After several failures, he managed to start the engine. On the dashboard a warning light came on: a red, flashing lightning bolt. Not knowing what it meant, Barsch ignored it, and it soon disappeared. A moment later the autopilot kicked in and plotted a course out of the eerie city. As they raced down the ancient streets, Alza thought of what to say to the boy who had just saved her life. 
Eventually, she managed to whisper, “Th... thank... you. You… fought well...”
Barsch gave no indication that he had heard her barely audible voice, but in Alza’s mind she had already done enough. They drove in silence as new-born sunlight gradually lit up the cabin. A few minutes later, they were out of the city, and veered away to the west once more. With the rising sun behind them lengthening the shadows of every tree and rock, they were increasingly wary of another unseen ambush. They drove on cautiously for another hour, before deciding that they were safe for the moment. Barsch turned away from the uninteresting scenery and tried to strike up a conversation with Alza, but she had long since fallen asleep. 
“She really is very pretty when she isn’t scowling or killing something. Still, I doubt there’s anyone alive who can do what she does. I mean, five cóyotl in the time it would take you to tie your shoelaces... that’s insane…” 
Barsch felt loneliness creep into his soul, despite the cóyotl killing girl sleeping peacefully beside him. He remembered sitting in the passenger seat as his father had driven them towards the next village, the smoke from the previous one barely visible in the rear-view mirror. Despite the uncertainty of finding food or shelter, he had never felt safer than when he was with his father. 
“I wish you were here… I feel like I’m losing my stride… dad.”
*
The surf undulates before me, as it repeats its endless climb on the soft, white sand. The golden sun above me brings a gentle warmth to the air, and the refreshing breeze removes all worries from my mind. I am at peace. One with the world and one with myself. I begin to walk along the endless sandy coastline, not knowing nor caring about my destination. I marvel at the paradise around me, knowing in my heart that it is where I belong. In the distance, I can just barely make out a low range of mountains, with only the tallest capped with a snowy down. They seem so far off, as if they were in another world entirely. 
I CAN HEAR BARSCH SCREAMING. 
The waves recede, leaving behind a million shining seashells. I briefly ponder the strange voice in my head, but dismiss it as the last remnants of a nearly forgotten dream. 
THERE’S BLOOD ON HIS FACE, AND HE’S PULLING ME UP.
I stop and stare at the setting sun, as if it had called out to me. 
Something brushes against my feet -THE SOLAR STAFF IS OUT AND HUMMING, AS MALOCH TRIES DESPERATELY TO WAKE ALZA- and I bend down to pick it up. 
It is an emerald -PAIN FILLS MY MIND- bottle, with a letter half poking out. I unravel the letter, the words within flashing before my eyes. 
THERE ARE MORE OF THEM, IN THE DISTANCE. I CAN HEAR THEM BAYING FOR BLOOD. ANOTHER DRAWS CLOSER, MY BLOOD ON ITS TEETH. 
I read the words again, aloud this time. “Kingston, wake up. Wake up! We need your help. Please, you have to wake up!” 
THE BEASTS LEAP AS ONE AND MY STAFF SWINGS THROUGH THE AIR, CATCHING THREE IN MID-FLIGHT. THE REMAINING THREE CIRCLE AROUND ME, LOOKING FOR ANY WEAKNESS IN MY DEFENSES. I HEAR BARSCH FIGHTING BESIDE ME, HIS SCREAMS OF PAIN BLOCKING OUT EVERY OTHER SOUND. 
The letter is gone, along with the peaceful beach. I am in a bloodbath, in the centre of a large, faded-white courtyard. I can hear sounds of battle around me, and my body writhes in agony. 
THE BEASTS LEAP AS ONE- Nothing makes sense, I only long for -MY BLOOD ON ITS TEETH- the calm, unchanging paradise where -HIS SCREAMS OF PAIN- life is simple, and death is easy...
With a scream, Kingston awoke. His hair was slicked with sweat, and his eyes wheeled wildly in their sockets. Slowly, he sat up, and immediately regretted doing so, as a wave of nausea overcame him. After emptying the contents of his stomach, he once more tried to get up, with marginally more success on the second attempt. The first thing that struck him was the smell: burning oil and thick smoke. He appeared to have been laid beneath the roots of a large, leafy tree. For a moment, he wondered if he was still dreaming, but then Barsch appeared beside him, covered in soot and bruises.
“I’m so sorry Kingston... It just... went out of control... and then it started smoking, so we tried to stop and... and it... flipped...”
“What are you talking abo- 
Kingston stopped in mid speech, staring in horror at an object a few feet away. It was a steering wheel, all by itself, the rubber half-melted by an incredible heat. Gingerly, he picked it up, trying to make sense of it all. He looked at Barsch with questioning eyes, but the boy refused to meet his gaze. Instead, he pointed to another object, larger than the first, lying some way off.
Limping slightly, he made his way towards it, dread already filling his mind. Twenty paces away from the thing, he stopped, unable to go further. The Voxner, or rather, what was left of the Voxner, lay on its side, flames belching out from every hole. More than half of the vehicle was missing, though Kingston could see a long trail of debris away from the crash, interwoven with deep black skid-marks. The cab had been completely demolished, and the hold had been sheared horizontally in half. When Kingston looked again, he saw Maloch emerge from the other side of the wreckage. He too was covered in soot, and had several new scratches in his chest plate. After searching again, Kingston spotted Alza, sitting under the massive tree, but relatively unhurt. Barsch had caught up with him, guilt engraved on his young face, and with a weariness in the eyes that seemed to age him immensely.
“What happened?”
“Well... we were driving along, and then all of a sudden the autopilot failed, and the Voxner started skidding... I tried to regain control, but nothing worked. Eventually, I told Maloch to take you and jump out, and then Alza and I did the same. When I came to, it was like this... so we carried you to tree and-
“And then Barsch asked me to investigate the wreck and determine the reason for the loss of control. I have since determined that it suffered a critical power failure. Most likely the fuel cell itself blew. It is a miracle that it lasted this long, to tell you the truth.”
“I’m so sorry Kingston, I know how much it meant to you... and then you wouldn’t wake up, so I thought that maybe I shouldn’t have asked Maloch to jump out with you in your condition... sorry.”
Barsch looked to be on the point of tears, so Kingston took him by the shoulders and gently embraced him, whilst simultaneously saying, in a kindly voice, “It’s not your fault m’boy... as long as no one was hurt. I was foolish for making us use the damned thing. I knew the risks and I continued on just so that I could fulfil some childish fantasy. Can you ever forgive me?”
Barsch couldn’t have agreed faster, and together, they stared as the last Voxner in existence slowly burned away. After a while, they made their way back to the tree, where Maloch and Alza were already preparing a meal of bread and protein rations. It was a meagre meal, but to the starving travellers, it was heavenly. After finishing and clearing up, they sat beneath the leafy branches, enjoying their brief reprieve.
*
An hour later they set off from the sheltering timber, heading in the direction of the setting sun once more. With Maloch helping Kingston walk, they were soon out of view, and therefore did not see the tree shimmer and vanish. Nor did they see the sudden downpour of rain which doused the flaming Voxner, which soon sank into the earth and disappeared for good.
After a few hours of silent walking, they stopped once more. As they had walked, the sun had continued to sink towards the horizon, bathing the land in light. Barsch’s stomach rumbled as he desperately tried to convince it that food was coming soon.  Dropping down towards a small, clear pool half-hidden in an outcrop, he drank greedily. Even Alza, who was normally a pillar of fortitude, was eyeing the liquid hungrily.
Wiping his mouth he asked, “Maloch, how far away are we?”
“The village of Wareven lies a few hours to the north-west. Unfortunately, the cóyotl that attacked us seem to have come from the same direction.”
Kingston grimaced as he remembered the brutal attack, but decided to continue on nonetheless, as the village was the only shelter for miles. With a weary sigh, he packed up his belongings and filled his flask. His bandaged chest shuddered with every movement, but he endured it. He would not be the one who slowed them down. 
After a moment, Alza and Barsch followed, with Maloch bringing up the rear. As they walked, the landscape became more lush and vibrant, with several verdant trees appearing.  
Eventually their progress was halted by a fast-flowing river, which led down to the lower plains. It lay between them and Wareven, another obstacle to be added to the list. The river was fifty feet wide at the bend, and several feet deep. Countless half-submerged boulders created a myriad of unreadable currents, which were most likely strong enough to drag a man under in seconds. The greenish sheen on the water surface told of a hidden miasma, and the fast flowing stream appeared to be devoid of all life. Downstream lay the remnants of an old steel bridge, its cables sheared and its girders corroded. 
“Sky bridge: Fell through. Wooden bridge: Collapsed. Steel bridge? Not a chance.”
The golden disk above was nearing the distant mountains, robbing the plateau of light and warmth. A slightly more infuriating sight was the low profile of the village, which lay a few miles from the opposite bank. Kingston’s mind had been filled with images of warm beds and hot food for hours, and the sight of such luxuries just out of reach almost brought him to tears. 
The three humans watched the swift river with a group weariness. They had faced hypercanes, plane crashes and monstrous sandstorms and survived each one. And now, they were stumped by a simple river.  
The only entity not mired in depression or anger was Maloch, who lacked the necessary emotions for either. In fact, he seemed oddly relaxed, as he sat by the riverside, making calculations in the sand. With the temperature dropping and hopes disappearing, he suddenly stood and announced, “Geo-mapping complete. Water currents calculated. Flow variables configured. River crossing plotted.”
“What are you going on about?” asked an irritable Kingston.
“Pardon my brashness. I was merely announcing that I have plotted a course through the river, using natural depth variations and counter-currents. If I have your permission, I will begin ferrying you across to the other side.”
“Well I’ll be... Wait a minute, are you sure you can do that in your... um, condition?” His gaze took in the multitude of scratches and holes in the self-sacrificing re-mech, along with the corrosive river behind him.
“I have calculated that my chassis has a one in ten chance of complete degradation, though my programming assures that the rewards, i.e., your safety, outweigh the risks. By comparison, our previous… experiences, have been much more dangerous.”
“I know, I know. If I had a choice in the matter, I would go the long way around, but with those cóyotl in the area and night approaching, I have to agree. I’m sorry for asking this of you once again, but please help us.”
“Authorisation received. Your sentiments are understood and appreciated. Mistress Alza, would you please climb up?”
In one deft movement, Alza reached up and clambered atop the mechanical giant. Slowly he turned and entered the raging water. His presence caused several new eddies to form around him, turning him into a walking whirlpool. As he walked, the water rose higher and higher, from feet, to knee joints, to chest, before levelling out just beneath where his neck would be if he were human. Alza was forced to stand on his shoulders, while displaying a remarkable level of balance for someone in the middle of a torrent. More than once, Maloch miss-stepped and dropped a foot into some unseen chasm, leaving Alza apparently standing on water. 
After five minutes of heart stopping worry, Maloch began to rise from the surf. Inch by inch, he reclaimed height. Without waiting for him to kneel, Alza jumped from the seven-foot tall re-mech. She landed like a cat, with both grace and poise. Immediately, she began to survey the bank for potential enemies, her shining eyes scything through the deepening gloom.
After making sure she was okay, Maloch turned and headed back across the treacherous estuary. A few minutes later, he was back among them, though his dimming eyes told of a weariness that could not be hidden. When questioned about it, he muttered something about still having plenty of battery remaining before setting to work on securing Kingston to his back. It soon became apparent that the initial pose was unfeasible, so Maloch was forced to carry the injured old man in his hands, holding him high above his submerged frame.
His aquatic journey was even worse than the first, and he seemed to stumble and fall at every turn. Both re-mech and man were quite drenched when they finally reached the opposite bank, but neither veteran uttered so much as a whimper of displeasure. Once more, after making sure Kingston was okay, Maloch crossed the eroding brook. By the time he made it back to Barsch, he was almost crawling.
Ignoring the youth’s concern for his wellbeing, Maloch firmly placed Barsch on his waterlogged shoulders. On his first attempt to stand, he fell to his knees. On his second, he managed to take three steps before collapsing. 
The light in his eyes was almost out, when he said, “Warning, battery levels critical, imminent charging advised. Error, charging failed. Error, systems starting to shut down. Accessing power management options. Disabling all non-essential systems... systems disabled. Power levels stable. Error. Unknown back-up program activated... codename: Undying Soldier. Time to full activation... thirty minutes. Attempting to shut down unknown program. Error. Access is denied. Program is encrypted with enigma key. Time to bypass security measures... infinity plus one second. Rerouting all remaining power to mobility systems. Warning, guidance systems will be severely limited. Warning overridden.”
As if he had been hit with a turbocharger, Maloch’s eyes began to glow brightly, cutting through the dusk gloom. On his third attempt to stand, he was successful, though he wasted no time on celebrations. With a furious pace, he charged into the freezing water, his core fighting to keep him operational. Barsch could do nothing except hold on and pray the re-mech would not run out of steam before they made it across. 
However, for all his zeal, the crossing was slow-paced, as the virtually blind re-mech fought to stay on course. Every step was a struggle, and try as he might, they were slowly swept downstream, towards the jagged remains of the bridge. Still, Barsch did not give up, trying to will the bank closer, as Kingston watched with anxiety stark on his face. 
They almost made it. 
Another few feet; a more sturdy piece of riverbed; a slower current, if they had had any of those they would have made it. What they did have, unfortunately, was a riverbank just out of reach; a crumbling underwater ridge; and a current that surged at the same moment the ridge gave way. They were dropped, unceremoniously, into the turbulent, frigid waters.  
Immediately, all thoughts of a cosy bed and a cooked dinner were ripped from Barsch’s mind, as the rapids tried their hardest to tear him limb from limb. After a few seconds, he realised that he was not in fact floating down the river, on his way to a jagged end. Using the last gasps of air in his burning lungs, he pondered why. Forcing his eyes open, he saw the reason for his continued existence: Maloch. In the split-second it had taken for the ridge to collapse, the re-mech had dug in his over-sized feet into the soft riverbed, anchoring Barsch in place. He was still in imminent danger of drowning, but at least he was stationary. 
However, his joy was to be short lived, as he could already feel the ice-cold water begin to numb his fingers, which had impulsively wrapped themselves around Maloch’s outstretched arm. With his chest tight and his vision swimming, he was in no shape to pull himself to safety. Judging by Maloch’s inactivity, it was taking the re-mech everything he had to remain where he was. 
He could not save them. 
As he was wasting his oxygen pondering his seemingly inescapable fate, Barsch felt a change in the current. It was slight, but to his panic stricken senses, it was massive. At first, he looked to the most likely culprit, but Maloch seemed to be just as surprised as he was. The pressure changed once more, and Barsch swore that it was getting easier to breathe. Suddenly, he felt a ray of dying sunshine hit his soaked head, causing him to look up. With his free hand, he wiped away the accrued salt from his eyes and blinked rapidly, hoping that what he saw was not a near-death hallucination. 
Along the width of the river, the water was receding, as if a giant had just sliced the stream in two. The gap widened, as the water was pushed back, which left Barsch coughing and spluttering on the exposed riverbed. Maloch, no longer fighting to stay still, fell over as if struck. With the river parting around them, Barsch could only sit and stare at the biblical spectacle that had saved him. He was so wrapped up in his awe, that he failed to hear the tortured scream from somewhere above him. The second scream snapped him out of his daze, and he quickly turned to its source.
Alza sat at what had only moments ago been the water’s edge, arms firmly planted in the loose dirt. Her hair was buffeted by an unseen gust and her eyes shone like two miniature suns. However, dropping his gaze from her entrancing eyes, he saw the rictus of pain in her clenched teeth. Squeezing one word out at a time, she said, “Hurry... up... I can’t... hold... on!” 
Realising his folly, he quickly rushed over to the fallen re-mech, urging him to rise once more. The water was already starting to reclaim lost ground when he finally succeeded, and they barely managed to stumble up the bank before the river was whole once more.
Barsch, still coughing and spluttering out a river’s worth of water, sought out his saviour. As he watched, she fell forward, her eyes losing their shine as her ivory framed head hit the soft earth. Scrambling to her side, he hastily asked, “Is she okay? Please tell me she’s okay!” 
This was directed towards Kingston, who had begun to move before her body had even hit the ground. After a few painfully long seconds, he answered, “She’s alive, but I doubt she’ll be on her feet anytime soon. Not that I’m surprised, mind you. Parting rivers should be left to the gods.”
Barsch tried to think, but his body was still trying to recover from its freezing plunge only moments before. His skin felt cold and clammy, and his body cried out for sleep. Fighting off exhaustion and hypothermia, he stared in the direction of the distant village. He then looked at Alza, noting her chest rising and falling slowly. Too slowly. 
His closing eyes took in Maloch, who was watching him with dimming eyes, as well as Kingston, whose breathing had grown ragged and slow. He shut his eyes, trying to think of a way to get everyone to safety, whilst knowing that someone would have to be sacrificed. He shut his eyes even tighter, trying to block out the harshness of reality.
With a heavy heart, he turned to Maloch and said, “Maloch, would you mind carrying Kingston?”
“I don’t need to be carried like some infant, boy!” Kingston’s outburst was clearly fuelled by pride and perhaps a hint of embarrassment. If everyone wanted to reach the village alive, there could be no room for either.
“Yes, you do,” Barsch replied, trying his best to imitate Alza’s cold demeanour. It was the only way, he told himself, until he believed in his own lie.
“Humph!” snorted Kingston, who looked ready to waste precious time on a unjustified rant. Thankfully his speech was ended before it even started by Maloch’s firm grip. Hoisting the protesting hermit into his secure embrace, he began to walk towards the village. 
Barsch was about to copy the re-mech when a familiar howl pierced the awkward silence. The howl was soon joined by others of its ilk, until the sound seemed to come from every direction at once. To Barsch, the howls were filled with menace and hunger, and, to his deepening despair, they were coming closer. Mentally forcing himself to stay awake, he gently scooped Alza into his protective embrace. She was strangely light, which was a worry for a less dire time. 
Ignoring her ethereal weight, he set off at a slow trot, which was the fastest he could manage without falling over from exhaustion. Maloch strode ahead of him, his gleaming eyes creating a path of light to follow. Together, they ran onwards, praying that the distant village would offer some safety. 
*
The shadows chased after them, as the last sliver of sunlight faded from the world. In the darkness, a sea of crimson eyes hungrily followed their progress. The howls had changed, becoming shorter barks, which seemed to drive them forward, towards Wareven. If Barsch had been in a calmer state of mind, he would have been worried about this, but unfortunately, with Alza unconscious and Kingston injured, he had no thoughts to spare.
Soon, the moon rose, its surface amber and its light harsh. Slowly, the village drew nearer, its silhouette acting as a guiding beacon to the panicking youth. Wareven had been built after the South Wars, when humanity had begun abandoning its heavily polluted cities and migrating to the cleaner countryside. As the last dredges of refugees escaped their burning nations, they began to seek out places of safety, where they might have hoped to wait out the end of the world.
The weak and the weary had fallen first, with bandits and beasts picking off both young and old alike. Encroaching pollution and dwindling resources had felled the rest, leaving behind smouldering ruins and ghost cities. In stark contrast to the steel and glass of the Quantum Age, Wareven had been built for nature, out of nature. Its solitary main street was dotted on either side by wooden saloons and oak houses, while desolation filled in for the lost souls. An eerie silence had descended over the tin roofs, as if the village was holding its breath in trepidation of what was to come. 
Finally slowing down, Barsch and Maloch entered the dead village, searching for a place where they might find sanctuary from the nearby howls. The darkness that infested the town created creatures in every alley, and enemies at every turn. The shadows seemed to twist and unravel as Maloch’s high beams passed by, their unnatural existence temporarily extinguished by the light. In the dead centre of Wareven, they found what they had been searching for. 
Denoted by a large, stylized crimson cross, the town clinic was a low, squat building. Its few windows were barred; its sheet metal door was bolted shut, and its paint cracked walls looked more than sinister and less than welcoming. Still, with Kingston barely conscious and Alza already unconscious, Barsch could not afford to be picky.
Without slowing, Maloch bashed through the front door, taking a fair share of wall with him. Upon reaching the hole the door had previously occupied, Barsch felt compelled to turn around. As he did, he felt his breathe catch in his throat. There were dozens of crimson stars blinking in the darkness. After counting thirty pairs of eyes he gave up. He watched as the beasts inched forward. They were cautious, no doubt due to what had happened to their scouts. But hunger was stronger than caution. The howls had quietened now, in a way that was somehow worse than the hunting calls. 
One of the braver pups crept forward, its vile stare locked on Alza’s listless body. Instinctively, Barsch moved to protect her, before realizing the futility of his actions. Watching the pup out of the corner of his eye, he instead turned and walked inside the clinic. He laid her helpless figure down on an unused bed, noting how peaceful she looked. As he turned he saw Maloch do the same with Kingston. As he reached what had once been the door, he felt something tug on his arm. Looking down, he saw Kingston had brought out his compacted Solar Staff and was holding it out in one hand. Barsch took it without a word. At that point, they weren’t needed.
Returning to the circle of fangs and snarling death, he felt every wound -healed or not- that he had suffered from since the beginning of his journey begin to ache. His head was pounding, and weariness clawed at his swaying figure. A treacherous voice was whispering in his ear, telling him to just give up… to let the eternal rest take him. 
He was so tired. He had fought hard, hadn’t he? He had made it across the desert on his own! Except… he hadn’t. If Terra had not been there, he would most likely have died. It was the same with the wooden bridge. Maloch, risking life and limb, had saved him, while he had done nothing to save himself. And the only reason Alza was unconscious at that moment was because she had had to save him.
No More!
“I’m tired of having people save me. For once, I want to be the one to save them!”
He had promised, hadn’t he? To protect her… to protect them all! 
“I’ve heard your howls for a while now… and I have to say, I’m not impressed…” 
The assembled cóyotl did not answer him, but he continued nonetheless. “I’ve heard your voice, now hear mine! MY NAME IS BARSCH LA TERGAN, HEAR ME ROAR!” he shouted, charging forth. 
With a wordless scream, he brought up the barbed blade. It seemed to come alive as he ran, taking form from his anger. The blade roared as it was jolted awake, before the sounds of killing overshadowed its hateful scream. The fearless cóyotl shrunk back in the face of this bold attacker, but the reassurance from its pack and its empty stomach gave it a bravery to match Barsch’s, and it met his charge with one of its own. The two younglings collided in a rush of metal and flesh, with the favourite carving a path through to the rest of the beasts. 
Suddenly, three of the older and more experienced creatures attacked, their mangy forms twisting through the air with surprising grace. They had been raised together, and had used the same technique for decades. The leader of the trio, bearing a jagged scar across its muzzle, aimed for the neck, while its cohorts tried to circle round and take out the legs. 
In an astonishing display of foresight, Barsch withdrew a humming metal cylinder from his coat pocket. Extending it in the blink of an eye, he flung it down to the ground with all his might, discharging the stored light in a wave of energy that scattered everything in its path. The unleashed lightning arc snaked its way through the air, immolating everything in its erratic path. The uncontrollable electricity began to earth itself in the tin roofs and corrugated iron doors, bathing the area in white-blue light. The prolonged flash illuminated the full extent of the trap, as scores upon scores of blood-red eyes were reflected in the electrical luminescence. 
For a few seconds, both man and beast were blinded by the bright flash, allowing Maloch more than enough time to pick his targets. Before the spots had cleared from his vision, Barsch’s ears were assaulted by the roar of the sonic cannon. When he finally regained all of his senses, he was relieved to see that at least a third of the cóyotl had been incapacitated. Wrenching the solar staff from the dusty street, he whirled it overhead, sparks streaming from its spinning surface. Planting his feet, he brought the weapon around, throwing it like a lightning covered javelin. It sailed through the air, trailing light.
With a thunder clap, the staff struck an unfortunate cóyotl, releasing another pulse in the midst of the pack. The stricken beasts pin wheeled through the air, their twisted bodies raining down in a canine flurry. The pain-filled cries filing the air brought a small smile to Barsch’s blood-streaked face; until the realization that he was enjoying hurting living creatures replaced it with a tortured grimace. Trying to block the howls of the dying from his mind, he revved Lanista, using the thundering roar to gain a small amount of inner peace. 
Switching the black blade to second gear, he charged forth once more, immediately encountering more cóyotl. These were different from the first, evidenced by the grey streaks in their bleached coats and the multitude of scars adorning their flanks. Their eyes too were different, somehow more malevolent and hate-filled than the adolescents. He counted seven, though he knew that many more were lurking in the shadows. 
Barsch moved forward to engage them, but his legs refused to comply. He could feel the still unhealed injuries of his previous fight, draining him of energy. He tried to pound life back into his treacherous legs with clenched fists, but that only brought him more pain. He had been immobilized by sheer exhaustion alone, which made him an easy target. For an instant, his stammering heart was louder than his screaming sword, as he watched his life unravel before his eyes.
The cóyotl, sensing that their fearsome opponent was distracted, attacked as one, every beady eye focused on his disabled form. With a cry, Barsch brought Lanista up in a much too late attempt to shield himself. However, luck was on his side, as the haphazard swing managed to knock two of the beasts out of the air, and his sudden movement caused him to stagger and inadvertently dodge another three. Unfortunately, there was only so much that luck alone could do for him, as the two unscathed veterans sank their ivory claws into his wide back. He could feel the blood start to flow, as he desperately tried to escape from the white-hot nails. Dropping to the floor, he rolled away, barely managing to dislodge his relentless attackers.
He lay there, teeth clenched in an attempt to hold back the pain, watching the cóyotl circle round, their eyes already filled with triumph. Using Lanista as a crutch, he warily raised himself up on one knee. In the scurry, the blade had fallen silent, and it infuriatingly refused to restart. A sudden crash to his left caught his attention, just in time to watch Maloch fall to his knees, his power depleted, his eyes devoid of light. 
“So this is how it ends? I endure exploding cities, barren deserts and deadly obstacles… just to die here? Well, I can’t say that I haven’t had an interesting life… maybe a bit too interesting at times, but it was never boring, that’s for sure… Do I have regrets? Of course I do! I would have liked travel for a bit longer with Kingston... and I would have probably enjoyed trying to get Alza to open up. But now, that will never happen. Dammit! I swore I would protect her… and this is all I can do!?!”
The cóyotl were getting closer. They knew they had won. It was only a matter of time now.
Looking up, Barsch saw that storm clouds had gathered on the horizon. At least he wouldn’t die thirsty. 
“I wonder what they’ll say, when they open my pod in five hundred years and I’m not in it? Will anyone ever know what happened here? Will anyone even miss me... and Dad… Dad will be alone... all alone... Dad! What would he say, if he saw me like this? Actually, I know exactly what he would say…”   
“Forgive me father, I almost lost my stride. Never again. I promise,” he said, getting to his feet.
As if Barsch’s attitude had been conveyed directly to it, Lanista started up with a roar louder than any before it. It echoed his sentiments, as its scream pierced the heavens. An abundance of moonlight bathed Barsch in midnight light, transforming his angry features into a mask of death. The remaining cóyotl shrunk back, suddenly afraid of this fearsome god.
Suddenly, another sound was heard above the roar, one that brought a fiendish smile to Barsch’s frightening features. Maloch was standing once more, and light was flowing from every outlet and hole in his chassis. His eyes were like two miniature stars, their bluish-white glow blasting away every shadow. 
With a deep rumble, he said, “Undying Soldier mode activated. Hidden power reserves online. Power level: sixty-five percent. Amount of time until deactivation: five minutes. Caution, unauthorized weaponisation occurring. L. Hand weapon unlocked and fully charged. Priming Deep-Bore Mining Laser for firing sequence. Estimated area of destruction: one hundred feet. Targets acquired. Atomic excitation reaching critical levels. Phase-energy radiation complete. Firing sequence complete. Fire when ready.”
Another sound made Barsch look at the re-mech’s left hand, where another transformation was taking place. In a now-familiar fashion, the four-fingered hand folded away and was replaced by a long, clear emerald tube. It seemed to refract the moonlight, creating a million miniature rainbows along it’s faceted length. An eight sided crystal lay at each end; one blue, the other red.
From the re-mech’s core, a green light began to pulse in a rhythmic manner, resonating with the light fluctuations in Maloch’s eyes. From within the tube, a small beam of light began to bounce back and forth, from crystal to crystal. As it reached each side, it briefly changed colour; blue, then red, in endless repetition. With every rebound, the beam moved faster and faster, the light becoming more intense and changing colour once more. The air seemed to have grown heavy, and Lanista’s scream was muted to almost a whimper. The beam had become a greenish blur, as each rebound created a miniature shockwave of sound in the quietened atmosphere. 
Suddenly, a peal of lightning crashed down into the noiseless space, bringing sound once more into the night. In that instant, Lanista’s roar reappeared, in full force, whilst the cóyotl howled in unison with the thunder. Barsch readied himself, trying to squeeze a few more minutes from his exhausted frame. 
Another howl signalled the start of the unanimous charge, as each and every cóyotl leapt with frightening precision. Barsch thought that he had seen more than enough beasts flying through the air for one day, and swung Lanista in a wide horizontal arc which sent a gust of wind towards his airborne foes. The gale caught them in mid-air, flinging them back ten feet. 
Before they could recuperate, Maloch began firing his strange new weapon. With every burst, a one inch wide beam of green light fired at an almost imperceptible speed. The laser burnt through everything it touched, be it beast or building. Soon, the area was dotted with inch wide holes, as if peppered with gunfire. Those cóyotl that were unfortunate enough to be hit did not rise again, and even those nearby shrank back in the face of this invisible death.
Taking advantage of their confusion, Barsch charged into their midst and set to work. At such close quarters, they were packed together too closely to effectively evade or attack, and Lanista was soon soaked in blood.
For the next five minutes, the town of Wareven became a slaughter house, as man and machine fought against beast. Even with Maloch’s deadly armament, there were simply too many cóyotl for Barsch to escape completely unscathed. Soon, he had gained several new cuts and gashes to accompany those he had already accrued. Maloch was not impervious either, as a couple of particularly brave, or stupid, adolescents had added new dents to his armoured exterior. 
In addition to this, the once blinding light given off from his overcharged body had begun to fade, almost in time with every laser burst fired. After nearly five minutes, his eyes had returned to their usual golden colouration, and the light emitted from the tube was noticeably dimmer. Still, despite new injuries and fading power, Barsch and Maloch fought on, till the cries of the cóyotl no longer filled the air. 
Eventually, they could continue no longer, and Maloch’s weapon fell silent. Lanista too, had been muted, with viscous blood coating its black teeth and clogging up the engine. With a weary cry, Barsch sank to his knees once more, his strength completely gone. Maloch had also slumped forward, though his lightless eyes spoke of his resting state. All around them, the bodies of dead or dying cóyotl covered the blood-soaked earth.
Not all had been killed though, and several had escaped into the night during the chaos. Only one remained upright, though only just. It was an elder, judging from its aged appearance, though the blood on its teeth and claws spoke of a violent personality shift when needed. Barsch looked at the beast through closing eyelids, as his world started to blacken.
For a moment, Barsch thought that the animal would attack, but it seemed intent on staying where it was. It looked around the killing ground, apparently noting the number of its fallen comrades. Its crimson eyes rested on the inactive re-mech for a moment, before it returned its gaze to meet his own. 
Suddenly it howled into the night sky, calling to its surviving pack. After a few seconds, a handful of cries responded. Appearing to make up its mind, the lone cóyotl turned and limped back into the darkness, where the deep shadows soon hid it from view.
Overhead, a massive cloud had gathered while the tense exchange had been held, its darkened belly full of thunder and lighting. A lance of light, zigzagging down from the heavens, served to announce the arrival of the torrential rain. Barsch, bereft of energy, could only sit there as the freezing rainfall chilled him to the bone.
The frigid water should have made him shiver and shake, but it seemed that he did not even have the strength for the smallest of movements. The torrent soon became a flood, washing away the evidence of the battle, until the ground was clean once more. Barsch knew that he should try to crawl to shelter, or at least cover himself with his frayed coat, but either action would have required energy he simply did not have. For what seemed like an age, he sat in the cleansing rain, his own tears hidden by the downpour.
Whatever grand dreams of adventure he had had before, they were gone now, washed away by the carnage before him. He could almost feel his innocence wash away, driven into the night. In accompaniment to the roar of the rain, thunder rang out from every direction, with lighting striking the tin roofs of some of the nearer buildings, showering him in burning sparks. Barsch glanced down at the killing tool in his frozen hands, and wept with the thought that he had once dreamed of wielding it to protect others. 
Suddenly, in the midst of his remorseful recollections, the rain vanished. For a while, Barsch stared in wonder at the sudden disappearance, as lighting continued to dance in the sky. Looking up, he noticed that the sky seemed to have disappeared, replaced the underside of a brown coat. 
Time passed, while Barsch tried to realign his shattered thoughts. It was as if he was attempting to complete a jigsaw puzzle in the dark. Slowly, bit by bit, his thoughts stabilized, and he remembered where he had seen the coat before. Turning his head slightly, he confirmed his assumptions, as a worried, age-stained face suddenly filled his vision. Kingston stood there, not saying a word, radiating understanding. 
With a cracking voice, he said, “Kingston.... I... I had to... they would have... I’m sorry...”
Gently, the old man raised the younger to his feet, and, with tears in his eyes, embraced him. Softly, he whispered, “It’s alright m’boy, you did what you had to. Rest now, and think of fighting no more.”
When they parted, Barsch was asleep, finally having gained peace. As Kingston carried him inside, the hermit turned to Maloch’s slumbering figure and said, “Thank you for keeping him safe, friend.”
With the rain once more drumming out its mesmerizing lullaby, silence reigned in Wareven...


Chapter IX: Pebble Physics
In which the beast speaks…

Why do I always feel pain here, in the endless void? It burns though my heart, before spreading throughout my tortured body. It feels as though I have a hole in my heart, from which nothing but pain and sadness spill forth. Every time I gain happiness, the flood of despair washes it away like an almighty storm. The void surrounding me begins to give way to a hauntingly familiar scene. Once more, I am in the now hated glade, waiting for Her arrival.
With every visit, this place grows more grotesque, as the trees become blood-stained and the grass grows razor sharp. The water in the small stream is midnight black this time, its oily surface giving off a putrid scent. The sky above is wreathed in bands of crimson and violet, the sun nothing more than a glimmering speck in the heavens.
A sudden crash brings forth a freezing torrent of rain, which washes away the dark glade, until only the void remains. Slowly, the world reasserts itself, as reality struggles to triumph over the nothingness. Random images appear as spheres of memories; some show the glade, others show a bloodbath in which a maniacal man kills with a screaming sword. He wears a madness inducing smile, which freezes my blood in its eternal circuit.
The rain is back, its crimson droplets soaking my soul in guilt, its numbing cold spreading throughout my being. In the darkness, countless eyes watch the madman before me, as he kills with a smile on his face. 
Suddenly, the world reforms, though it is not the hated glade that appears. I am standing in a massive ivory-white room, utterly devoid of life or love. Cold, heartless machines line the walls, and countless monitors spew forth an endless stream of depressing numbers. On the far side of the room, a heart monitor whines in a monotonous crackle, the green line on its screen failing to grasp the concept of vertical motion. In the centre of the room, where I had been certain that nothing existed, there is now a large white pod. It stretches from floor to ceiling, it’s clear glass case filled to the brim with a gel-like violet liquid. Floating unsupported within, is Her.
She is clothed in a modest podsuit, with the lettering on the chest reading, “ALZA00971”. Her eyes are closed, but I can feel her power radiate out, sinking into my unprotected psyche. I can feel her now, probing my mind with the clumsiness of a new-born. For an instant, a myriad of emotions and thoughts flow through my brain, as our minds are connected. A heartbeat later, they are gone, erased from this world as if they had never been.
With increasing ferocity, she takes my memories and shatters them. The pain in my chest grows larger with every destroyed recollection, until it feels as though I exist only to suffer. The girl in the tube begins to thrash in her watery prison, her unused lungs trying to cope with this sudden activation. Her flailing hand strikes the case, causing a microscopic crack to form, which rapidly expands outwards until it has circumnavigated the pod. I draw closer, compelled to help her by the bond we now share.
The rain pounds harder, making it hard to think, hard to breathe. Rain? 
The thought appears and disappears like a puff of smoke, as the room fills with freezing water. In the distance, I can hear a blade begin to scream, it’s war cry echoing inside my mind. The madman with the maniacal grin will be here soon, to kill us with a smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. In the pod, the girl has stopped struggling, perhaps she knows that her fate is set, that her death is unavoidable. 
Another crash tears my attention away from the girl waiting to die, bringing me face to face with the deranged swordsman. Blood covers him from smile to feet, though I somehow know that it is not his own. Behind him lies the dreaded glade, now populated by scores of white-coated beasts with eyes like fire. They howl in anticipation of the feast to come, and the blademaster joins them, his warped voice somehow more animalistic than the creatures behind.
Once more, a new sound draws my attention, this time back to the cracked chamber. The rain, in my absence, has become midnight black. Wherever it falls, darkness reigns; and the ivory room is soon transformed into an ebony hall. In the centre, the pod remains untouched, its violet hued shape an aberration unto the blackened walls. I walk towards the towering structure, a strange blade finding its way into my blood-stained hand. I can feel the mad smile transform my innocent face into a rictus of fear and rage.
As I reach the damaged structure, I catch a glimpse of my reflection. For a moment, I can only stop and stare, for before me stands a bloodied warrior. From his light brown hair to his tanned skin, he is every bit a kid, though the screaming sword in his hand tells otherwise. Wrenching my gaze away from the symbol of lost innocence, I ready my blade, its ear-splitting roar now a constant comfort.
With a wordless cry, I plunge my weapon into the fractured glass, shattering it instantly. As the violet liquid rushes out, I can only stare at the beauty before me. She has not moved since I appeared, a picture of serene grace. Suddenly, she takes a step towards me, somehow finding me through closed eyes. As her fingers brush against my blood soaked clothes, I shy away. The black blade clatters uselessly to the floor, its power worthless against the slender figure standing here.
Slowly, she opens her eyes, revealing nightmare eyes from which crimson tears stream forth. Unnoticed, the dead glade has reappeared, completing the scene of terror. I start to scream uncontrollably as her gentle hands enclose my neck, and tears of my own begin to fall as she leans close and whispers, “You cannot save her, boy. No one can...”
*
For once, Barsch woke without so much as a murmur, his throat too parched to usher a single sound. For a minute, he lay there, trying to remember who and what he was. He glanced down, wondering if he would see the now hated sword at his bedside. Thankfully, Kingston had anticipated his distress, and had removed the wicked thing from sight. As the last vestiges of the nightmare slipped away from memory, Barsch felt a sudden urge to see Alza. 
However, when he attempted to sit up, a hammer of pain pounded him down. It seemed like every part of his body was in agony, all at once. Gingerly raising up his arm, he noted the well-wrapped bandages that covered every exposed bit of skin. With a shudder, he remembered the fight, as well as Lanista’s endless roar mixing in with the howls of the dying cóyotl, till they became a unified clamour that hurt his brain. With effort, he managed to block the screams from his mind, gaining a small nugget of peace in the process. After finishing his mental cleansing, he set to work trying to figure out where and when he was.
Judging by the rows upon rows of framework beds and medical machines, he was in the town clinic. Through a nearby window, he could see that the storm outside had not abated in the slightest, though with the weather he had seen recently, he could not be sure how long it had been raging. A sudden movement tore his attention away from the thunderous downpour to the other side of the clinic. Walking with a cloth covered tray and her trademark apathetic scowl, Alza was a paradox of normality and fantasy. Upon seeing him, she slowly made her way towards his bed. If there was any sympathy in those violet eyes, Barsch could not find it. What he could see were the tell-tale signs of irritation and weariness, a dangerous combination.
In a matter of fact voice, she said, “Here, Kingston asked me to give this to you if you woke up.”
Placing the tray on the bedside table, she pulled away the covering to reveal a feast of fruit and meat. When Barsch had been living with his father, it would have been considered scraps, but to his starved stomach, it was the most tantalizing thing he had ever seen. His first target was a preserved apple, its skin a healthy red and its scent intoxicating. His first attempt at holding the fruit was an unmitigated failure, as was his second, and third, and so on. 
Eventually Alza grew frustrated with his slow progress, and grabbed the crimson orb from his bandaged hands. With a soft sigh, she drew a small knife from a hidden pocket and set to work on carving up the apple. She worked with a skill that seemed to have been honed over several years, and within seconds the scarlet sphere had been transformed into a multitude of bite sized slices. 
When Barsch tried to pick up these smaller pieces, he once again met with failure, until Alza once more took his food away. With a look that told of her intense desire to be somewhere else, she picked up a slice and unceremoniously placed it in his mouth. He sat there for several seconds, his astonishment at her actions causing him to forget to chew. When he finally remembered, his haste caused him to cough and splutter, earning him a disapproving look from his indifferent nurse. This went on for several more minutes, until the majority of the apple was inside Barsch. The awkward silence that occurred afterwards seemed to last for an eternity, and was only broken by Kingston’s sudden appearance.
Immediately, Alza stood up and pushed the tray into the surprised hermit’s hands, whilst giving him a look that brooked no argument. With her duty done, she left the clinic, not once looking back at the confused youth.
“How are you doing, m’boy?” he asked in a soft tone. Noticing Barsch’s expression he added, “What’s wrong? You look like you’ve just seen a ghost.”
Barsch nodded, speechless, until he remembered the old man’s words from that horrid night. Calming himself, he said, “I’m sorry Kingston, I… I let the rage get the best of me. Out there, when I was fighting those... those things, I lost myself in the violence. Whenever blood was shed, be it mine or theirs, I was happy! Happy at the carnage, happy for the death I was causing...”
Slowly, Kingston sat down on the end of the bed and, in a soothing manner, he said, “Barsch, what you did out there, what you say you became... very few men can do. You say that you lost yourself to the rage, but what I saw was a man fighting to protect everything he cared for, and a boy who cried for his enemies. Most people, when they become like that, they don’t know how to return to normal, but you did! So, what you did, wasn’t wrong. As long as you control it, that rage will become your greatest weapon.” 
Kingston looked deeply into Barsch’s eyes, and saw that the boy did not believe him. In truth, he did not have to. Barsch simply needed to hear the words. In time he would come to understand them.
Eventually, Barsch nodded, saying, “Thank you Kingston, for… for everything. I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you.”
Kingston looked at the youth who had fought with everything he had had to save a dying hermit and a girl who would never thank him. In the safety of his own mind, he offered up thanks to the man who had raised such a child. Out loud he said, “Hah! Repay me? Boy, if anyone needs to do any repaying, it is I to you! How many times have you saved me, and stood by my side when others would have abandoned me? I owe you a debt that I will never be able to fully repay, so please think no more of repaying me.”
Barsch did not answer. He couldn’t.   
For the next several minutes, Kingston set to work on helping Barsch eat the rest of his breakfast. As he ate, they talked of random, nonsensical things, such as whether or not Kingston’s garden would survive without his care and if they could find a chess set in Wareven. Finally, the tray was bare, and Barsch’s rumbling stomach was full. With a steadying hand, Barsch got to his feet and walked around the clinic. 
With use, his legs became strong and sturdy, until he could finally stand on his own without fear of falling over. Walking over to the window, Barsch peered out into the rain, trying to see the remains of the battle. Astonishingly, he had only been asleep for a few hours after his ordeal, a fact that Kingston attributed to good medicine and an even better youthful vigour. An odd figure standing out in the rain caught his attention, and he squinted harder, trying to make out the muddled form. Suddenly, the object turned towards him, revealing itself to be a newly awoken Maloch. 
Barsch let out a breath he had not realized he had been holding. Four for four. They had all made it, somehow.
*
A little while later, it was time to take of his bandages. As Kingston worked, Barsch’s trepidation grew, as he imagined what his body would look like. Soon, the wrappings were gone, leaving only his supposedly marred skin. Turning towards a nearby mirror, he gently raised his eyes up to his presumably disfigured body. To his surprise, he was relatively unscathed, a fact which Kingston could not explain away. The only scars he could see were those that he had gained in his turbulent childhood, which consisted of a long gash along his left arm and an inch-wide hole in his right calf. However, relatively unscathed did not mean that he had suffered no disfigurement at all, as a quick glance at his back soon told him.
There, below each shoulder-blade, lay several newly formed scars. They consisted of eight parallel streaks -four on each side- each about five inches long and an inch across. Seen from afar, they looked like the remnants of torn off wings, discarded after a descent from the heavens. The cóyotl’s mark would be with him forever, a permanent reminder of their desperate struggle. 
As he turned away, something caught his eye. Leaning forward, he gazed up at what had always been a midnight mop of hair. He turned his head this way and that, trying to confirm his dawning suspicions. His hair was now a cheery shade of brown, with only streaks of black remaining from his original colour. Whilst his new look was surprising, it was not unexpected, as in his childhood he had heard many tales of men and women whose prolonged exposure to the pollution had changed their features. Besides, his lightened hair had the effect of lighting up his face, which made his usually shadowed features look quite open and welcoming. 
Next to the door, he found his clothes, mended by a deft hand while he had slept. Beneath his garments, he found a sparkling clean Lanista, all evidence of carnage scrubbed away by an elderly hand. Remembering the old man’s advice, he gently picked it up. It seemed to be a lot lighter than he remembered, as if it had been weighed down by his guilt. As he was gathering his belongings, Maloch entered the room. The dents and scratches that covered his body told of better times, but it did not seem as though he would complain. 
In his mechanical voice, he announced, “I am glad to see that you are well, Barsch La Tergan. As for myself, I have been recharged to almost full capacity.” He turned to Kingston, who was sitting in a vacant chair, and said, “Rain water analysis is complete. The water has a 0.05 concentration of acidic elements, which is far below the norm. In its current state, it poses no direct threat to us or our health. However, judging by cloud composition and falling velocity, the storm is unlikely to pass anytime soon. How would you like to proceed?”
With a grace only given to the elderly, Kingston stood and stretched out his crackling joints. After pacing across the room for a while, he stopped and said, “There’s no point in staying here for who knows how long, waiting for the rain to stop. The faster we find the madman, the faster we can go home.”
“Do you think we’ll really find him? He could be anywhere!” 
A very small part of him had hoped that Kingston would just call off the hunt. They could go home, or the closest thing to it, and forget about madmen and false gods. 
“We could forget about them… but would they forget about us?” his treacherous side answered.
“I would like to believe that the Avatars would not set us on this path for nothing but a cheap laugh. As for where he is, I have a feeling that he is not too far away…” 
Seeing Barsch’s disbelieving stare he added, “Don’t fret m’boy! I’m sure we’ll be back home in no time!”
As Kingston called Alza and readied his belongings, Barsch had an odd thought, “Home... but what is home to me now: the station... or Kingston’s hut?” 
Minutes later, they were out of the door, their packs stuffed with preserved food and bottled water; their spirits lifted; and their course set thanks to Maloch’s built-in compass. 
Barsch did not look back on Wareven. The village, now a ghost town once more, had been a place of blood and loss. Loss of innocence. Loss of control. Loss of the young man who had believed that protecting people was an easy, bloodless affair. 
A boy had entered Wareven. A man had left. And although they bore the same name, the look in their eyes could not be more different. 
The rain, having supposedly viewed its earlier performance as laziness, came belting down in a great torrent of water and hail, which soon drenched the odd group making their way towards an uncertain future.
*
With every step, the rain seemed to pound harder, as if it was finally settling an age old grudge with the insolent earth. After a while, hail joined the fray, adding golf ball sized blocks of ice to the assault. Unseen, thunder roared, signalling the beginning of the lighting charge at the defenceless earth. This battle of the elements went completely unnoticed by the frozen travellers, whose only thoughts were preoccupied on how to stay warm. Each had a different approach, with Barsch focusing on wrapping every inch of his patched cloak around his body; while Kingston made due with holding his folded solar staff close to his chest, the raindrops producing a small sizzle whenever they struck the electrified pole. Alza had gone for the simplest option, merely creating a bubble of air around her diminutive frame, which kept out rain and cold alike. When Barsch had tried to step inside, she had sent him a look that caused his feet to automatically carry him away. The only one to welcome the cold was Maloch, as he found that his processors were functioning at maximum capacity for the first time in years. 
Beneath them, the reddened, dust covered ground had been turned to sludge by the downpour, making every movement a fight to stay upright. The mud clung to every stitch of clothing and inch of exposed skin, weighing them down and making progress arduous. In a word, it was miserable. The pelting rain and stinging hail did nothing to improve the mood, and the atmosphere continued to darken as they walked. 
If that had been all, Barsch would have been able to cope with the rotten weather, but unfortunately, there was more. It seemed like they had somehow gotten lost, as every turn led them to the edge of a massive canyon, which would appear without warning thanks to Maloch’s faltering headlamps. The curtain of rain made finding their way even more difficult, and Barsch could have sworn that they walked in a circle for at least an hour. Maloch directions were of little help, a fact that Barsch attributed to a broken compass or just a poor sense of direction.
After nearly two hours of wandering, they found a grove of large, barren trees. Huddling under the boughs brought little shelter, so they were forced to crouch beside the exposed roots and ask Maloch to lean over them. The makeshift tent offered almost no sanctuary from the cold or the endless rain, but it was something. For an instant, in a sudden break in the downpour, Barsch could have sworn he heard the roar of a nearby raging river, but the returning rain drowned out all other sounds. When they were all seated, Barsch caught his first glimpse of the faces of his companions.
Alza seemed to have grown even more distant and uncaring since leaving Wareven, and her wet hair and drenched dress told Barsch that she had failed to maintain the shield of air for very long. As for Kingston, Barsch thought he had never seen him looking so... old. The darkness created by the clouded sky had lengthened the lines on his weathered face, and his wrinkles seem to have multiplied since Barsch had seen him last. Even his eyes, which always had a glint of mirth in even the worst of situation, were cold and solemn. He seemed to have grown shorter as well, an effect created by his low posture and hunched back. 
It was a shock to Barsch, who had never truly seen Kingston as frail. Maloch on the other hand wore an expression of worry, which showed through his slumped posture and dimmed eyes. Barsch knew that the re-mech was blaming himself for their current predicament, though he could not come up with words of comfort despite his efforts.
After a few depressing minutes, it was Kingston who spoke up, “Well... it looks like we might have to camp out here until the storm passes.” 
No one needed to say anything, as their displeasure was as clear as day. Noting everyone’s sullen glances, he continued, “Don’t worry, I’m sure it’ll be over soon. Now, we’ll need to find some branches in order to build a lean-to. Barsch, can you-
 Wondering why Kingston had stopped in mid-discussion, Barsch turned to see what the old man had been looking at. At first, he could not make out anything in the heavy deluge, and it took several seconds for his eyes to adjust until he could make out a strange shape in the distance.
Roughly a hundred feet away, appearing intermittently, was a glowing ball of light. Unless his eyesight was worse than he had thought, it was growing and shrinking in a nonsensical manner. When it had first appeared, the soft light had been a vibrant gold, but with every reappearance it changed colour; from lime green to neon pink, before finally settling on bright red. Barsch turned back to Kingston, intent on asking what they should do, but stopped when he saw the wide smile on the hermit’s face. Without a sound, the elderly traveller stood and started walking towards the changing light. In response, the luminescent entity began to draw closer, growing larger as it did so. At seventy paces, it was the size of an apple; at thirty, it was larger than Barsch’s head.  
When Kingston and the creature finally met, it had taken on a blinding silver hue, though he did not seem to mind the intense light. As they came back to the grove, realisation hit Barsch like a brick wall. 
“It’s the creature from the dream, the one the Avatars created! Um… I think they called it.... Spectre?” 
“Spectre?” Barsch asked, feeling foolish as he did so. The ball of light could not possibly understand or answer him.
And yet, it did. Turning to him, it swelled to double its previous size, turning bluish-green in the process. It repeated this greeting for both Maloch -turning yellow- and Alza -violet tinged with crimson- though the latter did not seem to even notice the spectral phenomenon.
A moment later, another realisation hit the recovering Barsch, dragging his mind back to the words that had first introduced the strange creature. 
“Terra and Ion called it a guiding light, I think. So maybe it can show us where to go?” 
Seemingly reading his mind, Spectre rose above the group and started weaving back and forth through the air. It had an air of impatience about it when it started moving off in one direction, before hurrying back to the reticent party.
“I think it wants us to follow it?” asked Barsch, silently daring anyone to call him foolish.
“I agree, it does seem to be here for a purpose, doesn’t it?” replied Kingston, without pausing for thought.
While they had been talking, Spectre had disappeared further into the trees, prompting Barsch and Kingston to quickly gather their things and follow. With unquestioning loyalty, Maloch was the next to give chase, followed soon after by a disinterested Alza. It soon became apparent that Spectre was more than a little mischievous, as the whimsical light darted playfully through the trees and suddenly changed direction without warning. 
It reminded Barsch of a dog he had once owned -Charlotte- who would gain great enjoyment out of being chased around. When Barsch had finally caught up to her, she would give him a look of unbridled happiness and then roll over, presenting her stomach for a long awaited petting session. 
For a moment, Barsch felt a pang of pain flare up in his heart, as he thought of all of the things taken by the pollution, things that would never come back. Shaking himself out of his bittersweet recollection, he gazed around at his new surroundings. 
They were still within the dead forest, though it had thinned out quite a bit since entering. To his left, he could see a fast flowing, boulder-strewn river. It was about fifteen feet wide and roughly six deep, with rapids as far as the eye could see. Leaving the group, he followed the river downstream, until it disappeared into a large hole in the earth. If he squinted through the turbulent water, he thought he could make out the canyon floor several feet below. When he re-joined the others, he explained what he had seen. 
After processing the information, Kingston stated, “It sounds like it runs right through the canyon. This could be our best shot of getting out of here,” noting Barsch’s quizzical gaze, he continued, “When I was a soldier, we were taught how to ride the rapids using nothing more than a branch and a prayer! Now, if I’m right, we can follow the river west and out of the plateau.”
Barsch gave the hermit a long stare, noting the age spots on his hands and the web of lines around his eyes. “A branch? Um, Kingston, not to be rude or anything, but... um, you’re not really as young as you were back then. I’m worried you might get hurt.”
“Don’t be silly m’boy, I don’t expect you to ride a branch! Look around, we’re surrounded by things we can use to make a raft!”
As advised, Barsch looked around the area, taking note of several creepers that would serve as ropes and branches to fashion into paddles. From what little he knew of trees, Barsch thought that the wood looked strong and buoyant, but floating down those rapids on a wooden raft filled his mind with unhappy thoughts. 
“It seems like lately my life has become nothing more than a series of increasingly dangerous thoughts. Like: of course the cable will hold our weight; don’t be silly! M’boy, there’s no way the bridge will collapse! And, my personal favourite: there’s no way this old thing will break down! When this is all over, I think I’ll find a nice, quiet... very quiet… part of the planet and settle down. And whenever someone asks me to join them on a fool proof plan or once in a lifetime adventure, I’ll shut the door and go and read a nice, non-lethal book or something.”
“Barsch! Stop daydreaming and come help us fell this lumber!” called Kingston from the treeline, calling from the treeline. He had already striped off his heavy coat and was going around and tapping each tree with the solar staff. Every so often, he would turn to Maloch and say, “This one,” after which Maloch would come along and uproot it. After conversing with Kingston, Barsch understood the basic plan. Kingston would oversee the gathering of the trunks; Maloch would rip them from the earth; Barsch would cut them into the correct size; and Alza would tie them together with the creepers.
His job lined out, he set to work on carving up the timber. As he reached for Lanista, his hand stopped of its own accord. He knew why. Subconsciously, he knew that he would associate Lanista’s roar with that dreadful night; the night when his bloodlust had almost overwhelmed his sanity. Gritting his teeth, he forced his hand to close around the cold hilt, whilst trying to keep Kingston’s words in his head. His fingers were shaking when he went to pull the ripcord, but in the end his will was stronger than his flesh.
With a roar that was all too familiar, Lanista sprang to life, its churning teeth ready to sink into anything. However, today’s meal was wood, not blood, and Barsch swore that he could feel the disappointment in the black blade. Planting one foot on the dead wood to steady himself, he began cutting through the first log. As it had been made to shear rock and destroy steel, the trunk gave almost no resistance to Lanista’s passage. 
They soon fell into a rhythmic pattern, as each tree was felled, carved and leashed to the rest in minutes, and the sound of organised chaos filled the air. They were so focused on their tasks, they even forgot about the freezing rain and intermittent hail.
Without notice, Spectre had quietly slipped away, but they knew it would be back if they lost their way again. After an hour, the raft had started to take shape; a fact which brought a broad smile to Kingston’s soaked face. It was a meagre thing, built not for comfort but for function. After a few last minute checks and tightened knots, they were ready to test it in the water. 
Carefully held by Maloch -lest all of their hard work be swept away- it was gently lowered to the fast moving stream. Barsch was leaning forward, anxiously awaiting the buoyancy results. 
With a word from Kingston, Maloch let go of the vessel and stepped back. For a moment, it disappeared under the roiling surf, but it soon popped back out and held its level. As soon as it reappeared, Kingston gave out a hearty laugh, and then, celebrations over, it was back to work. Although the raft floated, they could not steer it, and it was not yet sturdy enough to cross the more turbulent rapids.
To put his mind off the monotonous job of carving up the paddles, Barsch allowed his memories to wash over him. He found that when he tried to think back to events before the Great Sleep, a sharp pain would spear his heart, as a mixture of longing and homesickness washed over him in a saddening wave. Instead, he preferred to dwell on his memories from after his awakening. 
It seemed as though those peaceful days in Kingston’s hut had been an age ago. That hut had been a solid anchor in a storm of panic and uncertainty. Even the day when Alza had finally woken -and all of the chaos she had brought- were still remembered fondly. Before meeting Terra, it had all seemed like a carefree adventure, but Barsch knew that he had been merely innocent to the true, uncaring nature of the world. He had seen the impact war had had on the world, and had witnessed the brutality of nature. 
Barsch knew that no matter how their quest ended, he would never return to being that innocent youth that had first stepped into his pod. The whirling blade in his hands suddenly snapped him back to the present, its ever-hungry teeth cutting nothing but air. With a sigh, he shut down the savage weapon and stood back to appreciate his work. 
The paddles were five feet long and two inches in diameter, made of birch with their ends carved into vaguely paddle shaped figures. Satisfied with his amateur carpentry skills, he glanced over to see how the rest of the group had done. He was surprised to find that they had completed their tasks as well, and had already modified the raft with extra support.  
Bundling up the paddles, he quickly made his way to the stationary raft. The others were already aboard, patiently awaiting his arrival. After tying down all of their belongings, Maloch let go of the branch which had held them in place. With no time for doubts, they set off.
Immediately, the raft was caught in an inescapable vice grip, as the current took hold of the vessel. Starting slow, the raft quickly began picking up speed, until the trees lining the bank flew past as green and brown blurs. Within seconds, the furious waters had brought them to the dark opening in the cracked ground, its unlit maw looking like an entrance to the underworld. At the speed they were going, Barsch knew that any attempt to change direction would be pointless. There was nothing to be done but wait and pray the hole would have an exit somewhere. 
As they neared the opening, Barsch fancied he could hear the faint rushing of water hitting rock. Closer to the cave mouth, he was no longer unsure. He was sitting at the forefront of the raft, with Kingston to his left and Alza to his right. Maloch was seated at the back, ready to reach out and anchor them to the shore if need be. Due to his position, Barsch was the first to see what lay beyond the opening, and what he saw filled him with dread. 
Ten feet into the cave, the river ended in a massive, churning waterfall. He could not be sure of how far it fell for, and he had no desire to find out. Turning to Maloch, he called out in a strangled cry, “Waterfall ahead! Maloch, stop the raft!”
“As you wish.” 
The re-mech asked no questions, nor did he wait for Kingston’s confirmation.
With the strength of a giant of legend, Maloch reached out with a four fingered hand and grasped the nearby trunk of a young sapling. Almost immediately, its light brown body began to bend under the immense strain. However, it held, bringing the raft to a shuddering stop mere inches away from the gaping hole. 
Barsch could see the cataract clearly now, and he was fervently glad that they had stopped when they did. It was at least twenty feet high and jagged rocks broke through the wall of water in a dozen places. Far below, the pounding torrent had thrown up a veil of spray, obscuring the canyon floor from view. It would have been a rough ride if Maloch had not stopped them in time. 
As if merely thinking about how lucky they had been had brought Fate’s malevolent attention, a cracking sound from behind Barsch brought back his worst fears. Turning quickly, dread already painted on his rain-drenched face, he stared at the re-mech. In one look, he took in the entire frozen tableau: Alza, eyes wide in surprise, arms outstretched to grab hold of the broken trunk; Kingston, realizing the seriousness of the situation, diving to the floor; and Maloch, metal hand still holding what remained of the torn sapling. As time resumed its merry march, Barsch heard one last thing before they were swept over the edge of the cascading flow.
“Forgive me-
*
A different time. A different day. Yet it is the same place. The cracked, reddened soil underfoot and the inescapable heat mark this place as the plateau. The moon hangs overhead, bathing the landscape in an ivory light. I-Alza-am standing a few feet away, staring at nothing. The bubble of protective air is back, marking this as a memory from before my encounter with... him. 
I-she-I seem to be utterly apathetic of the world around me-her-me. My-her-my vision blurs as I-she-I try and maintain control. I... I know that if I lose myself here, I will become the Alza standing alone in the dusty field, and I will never escape from this memory. Suddenly, she-I-she starts to walk forward, her pace neither fast nor slow, as if she cannot even see the land beneath her feet. 
I walk closer, towards the ghostly version of myself that has no spark of life in her eyes. She is cold, and her skin seems to be faded, bereft of colour, which almost matches her snow-white hair. I look into her face, and I see not a single shred of emotion or thought. She-I-she is a pretty little doll, a perfect companion to this uncaring, desolate world. 
In the distance, strange howls break through the silence, but my lifeless counterpart takes no notice of the bloodcurdling sounds. A little while later -time seems to flow differently here- fake-Alza comes across a wide canyon, several hundred feet deep and fifty feet from face to face. Without slowing, she draws near to the steep precipice. If she feels fear or any other emotion, her blank stare hides it from view. 
Her eyes flash, once, twice, and her shield wavers for the briefest moment. An instant later, large chunks of rock dislodge themselves from the canyon wall, after which they gently float towards her unperturbed figure. As if a giant jigsaw puzzle was being reassembled by the gods, the boulders began to collide and interlock, spanning the entire length of the abyss. My-her-my bridge of earth complete, I set off once more. In the wake of my passing, whatever held the rocks aloft disappears, causing them to fall without a sound into the deep darkness.
I-she-I-she-I. It’s getting harder to think, to remain myself. I am watching myself cross the unnatural bridge. I feel the emptiness of the space a few feet below my feet, the only barrier being the wavering pieces of earth which barely support my weight. Again, I hear the ominous howls fill the air, closer now. She lifts her head this time, gazing towards the source of the- 
I raise my head, searching for the creatures that had made that dreadful- 
She lowers her gaze once more, her face unreadable. It feels as though there are a million stars burning in my vision, and a pain from deep within breaks my concentration.
I am her... she is me... We are different, yet wear the same body, the same mind. She-I-she is not whole yet, she-I-she is lacking in both soul and purpose. The blank doll is walking before me, protected from reality by her dome of air, unseeing, unknowing. 
Time passes, more quickly than before.
It is getting hard to think. Something is pulling me away, dragging me back into reality. I fight it, I fight the now familiar voice that is telling me to wake up. I don’t want to go back to that complicated place... back to Him. 
I look around at the tortured landscape, noting the advent of the sun’s rays, which do little to improve the look of the place. I can’t think anymore. 
I-she-I-she-me-her... which one should I be? 
The fake-Alza is still in the dusty world, now surrounded on all sides by dozens of bleached white beasts. Their crimson eyes spark a glimmer of recollection in my mind, but the pain keeps its true meaning from me. 
The fake -or is she the real one- Alza does not even stop walking. Like a queen looking down on an ant, she brushes aside their existence without another thought. In outrage, they attack as one, the odds on their side. Suddenly they freeze in mid-air, still several feet from their lonely target. Held in place by the barrier of air, their victory howl soon becomes a long, continuous cry of pain and panic. With a single flick of her-my-her wrist, the unlucky beasts are sent flying in every direction. The heartless monster does not falter a single step, her glazed over eyes looking at everything and nothing all at once. The outside voice has returned, stronger than ever.
HE is there, waiting in the world of light. 
In desperation, I reach towards the other me, knowing that if I can touch her, we will become one. The voice drags me back, refusing to let me lose myself in this unreal place. As the light envelopes me, I can hear but one line, repeated without end, in His voice.
“Alza! Come back to me... please...”
*
With effort, Alza shook herself awake, the last remnants of her dream already fading from her mind. She was not wholly surprised to find Barsch kneeling over her prone figure, concern and worry plastered across his innocent features. She was only slightly less surprised to find that they were still on the raft, though from what she could see, it had not weathered the fall without damage. Ignoring Barsch’s steadying hand, she slowly got to her feet. Her first glance was at the raft, her second at her surroundings. Kingston and Maloch were sitting cross-legged at the far end of the raft, the old man’s face gaunt, the re-mech’s unreadable. They appeared to have fallen into an underground river of some sort, judging by the lack of light and the domed ceiling. Maloch’s eyes were their only way of knowing where they were going, and Kingston’s solar staff provided what little light it could. 
“How long was I out for?”
It was Barsch who answered, saying, “About an hour. I can’t really remember, but I think you hit your head on a rock when we were going down the waterfall. We’ve been trying to wake you for the last forty minutes.”
Alza shook her head, trying to recall the fall. She could only remember Maloch losing his grip, and then the feeling of vertigo as the raft had started its free-fall. For some reason, it seemed to have taken place in another world, a long time ago. Another worrying fact was that whenever she closed her eyes, she saw strange images. Some were easy to understand, such as the attack of the cóyotl, and the appearance of spectre, whilst others were a bit more puzzling; like a bridge made of floating rocks and a girl travelling in a bubble of air. 
Discarding the images as nothing more than the after-effects of her concussion, she continued to study her new environment. The cave they found themselves was actually quite large, she saw, once she had regained her night vision. The ceiling was at least ten feet from the river, and a bank of five feet ran parallel on either side. She had also been wrong about Kingston and Maloch being the only sources of light, as closer inspection of the cave walls revealed hundreds of glow-worms. They seemed to twinkle like stars as the light from the solar staff briefly caught their polished carapaces. Altogether it created the effect of being underneath the night sky, though Alza knew that many hours of daylight separated them from moonrise. 
The quick flowing river took them through massive caverns and dark tunnels, unconcerned with where they desired to go. They passed between stark white stalagmites and still dripping stalactites, their ivory features never seen by man. Everywhere they went, the light of the glow-worms followed, an ever changing field of stars. Their tumulus ordeal over, every passenger started to visibly relax. Kingston even leant back on the hard, wooden floor of the raft and pretended to sleep. 
Barsch turned his gaze to Alza, but she did not return his glance, her alien eyes hidden from view. For a moment, he felt a deep desire to reach out to her, and comfort her lonesome figure. Logic stopped him, as he knew in his heart that he would only receive a cold look and a frown for his efforts. He thought back to the first time he had met Yumiere, how she had laughed at his lame attempts at humour and had accompanied him on even the smallest excursion. Alza, by comparison, was a closed book, her emotions and thoughts unreadable. It seemed as though his fight with the cóyotl had been a hundred times easier than trying to talk to a single girl.
Suddenly, a new source of light streamed into the cave, it’s waves and particles warm and natural. A second later, Barsch saw the reason for this sudden intrusion into the world of darkness: an exit. Formed by raging water and soft limestone over millennia, the opening was barely big enough for them to fit through, raft and all. Before Barsch could utter a warning cry, they were through. Harsh daylight assaulted his night-adjusted eyes, and the crashing rain refroze his recently dried skin. Several rays of light had burst through the lessening storm while they had been underground, a portent of the end of the storm. 
Drawing his eyes down and away from the patched sky, he scanned the landscape around the raft. They had emerged from a hole in a canyon wall, and were now heading downriver, towards the main stream. The water had carved a sinuous line through the canyon and towering walls of reddened earth rose up on either side of the river. A small bank ran along the side of the river, no more than five feet across, its trail dotted with plants and bushes. A large shape to his left caught his eye, and he turned to look at one of the strangest things he had ever seen.
The striations in the canyon wall ran parallel to one another, from top to bottom, though something had broken the pattern about mid-way up. At first Barsch had thought that it was a strangely shaped, white rock, with holes and strange bumps marring its surface. As they were brought nearer to the thing in the wall by the ever present current, he immediately revised his opinion. The bones of something were sticking half out of the wall, obviously excavated by years of erosion. 
The head -at least, it looked like a head- was larger than that of any creature Barsch had ever seen. It’s perfectly preserved serrated teeth were longer than his forearm, and as thick around as his wrist. Barsch had only ever seen bones like that once before; on what had remained of an unfortunate lizard he had found with his father, though every part seemed to have been massively scaled up. Below the gargantuan head, a single arm was visible, though it looked tiny in comparison to the rest of the giant. 
The miniature claws and talons would have been ineffective on a creature so large, and Barsch theorized that it had relied on those massive jaws and blade-like teeth for hunting. He did not know if his theory was correct, or if the gigantic beast was hiding other weapons from his perceptive eyes, as the rest of the bones were entombed in the hard clay. However, before he had had time to study the thing further, or even rouse Kingston, the river had taken it from sight. With a sigh of loss, Barsch turned and faced forward once more.
From that moment on, Barsch kept a wary eye out for any other fossils. He did indeed see a great many more; from spiralled shells covered in bony spikes to bird like bodies; but he never again saw a beast as fearsome as the first. It was peaceful in a way, with the slowing rain creating a steady beat as each droplet hit the flowing stream, and the low hum made by the light breeze channelling through the twisting canyon. Barsch felt as though he could stay there forever, as every pent up fear and worry seemed to just melt away into the serenity.
In the distance, yet at the same time close at hand -the echoing walls made it hard to tell- there was a soft yet deep rumble that brought a worried frown to his lips, but the peace quickly wiped it away. Even Alza seemed to relax, though with her it was always hard to tell. Telling himself that Maloch would warn them if any danger approached, Barsch allowed his mind to drift. Absentmindedly, he began to sing snatches of a tune his father had once sung to him, in a world that no longer existed.
“When the wind rustles the willows, I will plant the seed of life. When the sun scorches the land, I will water the seed of destiny. When the blood-stained leaves fall to the earth, I will guard the seed of fate. When the frozen brooks crack and thaw, I will reap the seed of hope.”
Barsch paused, trying to remember the second verse. With difficulty, the memory flowed back to him. He had always liked the first more. “Till every man and woman sings the song of peace, my blade will sing the blood song. Till every child laments for the fallen, my staff will cleave a path through the darkness. Till every elder draws his last breath, my axe will rend the death dealers. Till every soul repents for the great sin, my bow will fell the blighted.”
The third verse came even slower than the second, as Barsch tried to recall his father’s words. He had only ever heard them once, and even then only to please his desperate parent. His voice low, almost in a whisper, he finished the strange song, “The land will rot; the seas boil. The skies grow empty; all voices fall silent. We suffer and suffer for our treachery against Gaia’s womb, yet we make no attempt to ease her pain. Run and hide, little ignorant human, until your frozen coffins become your end. You are the disease, I am the cure. I will cleanse this world of your filth, and the world will know peace forever...” 
The last verse had always sounded like a rant to Barsch’s ears, no matter how many times he replayed it in his head. It always sounded so angry, so full of contempt for humanity. Not for the first time, Barsch wondered if the last verse even belonged to the rest at all. In his head, the words sounded suspiciously close to those of the Avatars, though he could simply not imagine Terra uttering such malicious remarks. 
Barsch had been so wrapped up in puzzling out the true meaning of the lyrics, he had completely failed to notice a change in the environment. Along with an increased rumble in the background of his hearing, he could feel that the river had become more turbulent since he had last paid it any attention. Looking up from his seat, he could see the worry etched on Kingston’s aged countenance. After unsteadily rising from his prone position, he asked in a wavering voice, “What’s happening?”
The old man did not even glance down, instead, he muttered a single word, “Rapids.”
Barsch followed the hermit’s gaze and his breath caught in his throat. Stretched out for at least a mile, along one of the straighter parts of the canyon, lay a minefield of jagged rocks and swirling currents. Spray leapt whenever water met stone, and countless obstacles dotted the treacherous stretch. As if reading the mood, the rain returned to its former intensity, almost as if it had to make up for lost time. Barsch did not even feel the pelting raindrops, so focused was he on the chaotic strip before him. For an instant, he thought of trying to turn back, perhaps paddle toward the far bank, but their small raft had long since been held by the twisting currents.
In addition to the stark, bone crushing boulders, numerous fallen branches littered the stretch, acting as wooden barricades which guided the unwary towards the churning waters. In more than one place, the riverbank had suddenly dropped several feet, creating countless miniature waterfalls that were no less deadly than their proper sized cousins. Barsch watched as a solitary stick floated towards one of the aforementioned falls, dragged onwards by the same force that held them in check. The stick met the frothy water and disappeared almost instantaneously. The stick never emerged from the freezing water.
“What can we do? Should we try for the paddles?” Barsch asked. He did not receive a reply. “Kingston!” he shouted, trying to be heard above the harmonized roar of the water above and the water below.
With a shudder, the reticent veteran turned to Barsch and with a sickly smile on his face, said, “There’s nothing we can do but pray m’boy... pray that Fate will smile upon us...”
Barsch thought about the old man’s words, and came to the conclusion that while Fate may indeed have been watching, he seriously doubted the smile on His face was for their sake. With Kingston out of action, it was up to Barsch to devise a plan. The nearing rapids limited the amount of time he had, but he tried to do the best with what he had. Taking a deep breath to steady his nerves, he called out to the stationary re-mech. “Maloch, can you row us to the bank?”
The re-mech glanced at the churning water looming less than a hundred feet away, and seemed to make a few calculations in his electronic head. Less than a second later, he responded with, “If we are lucky, and if the current does not suddenly change, I might be able to make it.”
With their heading taken care off, Barsch turned to Kingston next. Taking him by the shoulders, he softly said, “Kingston. I need you to listen to me. I need everyone’s help to get us out of this. Can you row for me?”
The hermit sat there for a few precious seconds, before meekly nodding and straightening up. With two rowing, they had a better chance than none, but Barsch still wanted the aid of one more. Alza was exactly where he had left her, staring forward with her back towards him. He searched his mind for a word with which to describe her, before settling on, “guarded.” 
Firming his resolve, he gently leant forward and tried to lay a hand on her shoulder. She turned her head moments before his fingers brushed past her silky hair. Her violet eyes pierced his resolve like hot lead through butter. For a long moment, they stood stock still, neither saying a word. The growing roar of the rapids broke the tense atmosphere, whilst simultaneously bringing Barsch back to his senses. 
“Alza, I...” Stopping himself, he tried again, “Alza, we need your help.” She continued to stare impassively, letting nothing of her thoughts show. “Do you think you could... you know... use that power of yours to... um... move the raft?”
Barsch did not know what he had expected her to do; though her giving him her customary cold glance was high on the list. Instead, she looked back at the turbulent river, then back at his pleading face, before nodding once. Barsch raised a hand to his brow and was not wholly surprised to find a trickle of sweat. It was hard dealing with a woman who could fling you across a room with hardly a thought, then suddenly turn around and feed you diced apple, before changing back once again.
It was almost as if there were two Alza’s; one unconcerned with the world and wielding an unimaginable power; the other a normal, shy girl trying to deal with a difficult situation. Whoever the real Alza was, Barsch doubted he would ever really understand her, though a part of him found enjoyment in trying. 
While Barsch had been musing on the nuances of strange girls, Alza had risen to her feet. She seemed no more unsteady than she had been on solid ground, and she rode the swells and furrows as if she had spent her entire life at sea. Her glowing eyes and flailing hair told of her intentions, though the effect was far more subtle than before. Slowly, the waterlogged craft began to turn towards the safety of the bank, as if an underwater creature was pulling them from beneath the murky surface. Kingston and Maloch could do nothing but hold on to their oars and stare at the raft’s miraculous change of direction.
Barsch peered past Alza’s standing form, searching for the tell-tale sign of the first submerged rock. Relying on vision was useless in the downpour that had taken the area, so he was forced to rely on his sense of hearing. He listened for where the raindrops hit more softly, which would indicate something lying in the depths. Another precious second later, and his straining ears caught the sound that was only a millisecond softer than the thousands of others. If he had been in a normal state of mind, Barsch would have pondered his almost supernatural hearing ability, but at the time, he put it down to luck and adrenaline.
After doing a simple distance calculation in his head, he approximated the distance to the bank. Fifteen feet to the rapids, twelve to the solid soil. It had become a race against time and nature: Alza’s powers versus the might of the river. To Alza’s credit, she was putting up a fair fight, and it was showing. She was down on one knee, twin rivulets of blood streaming down her face in place of tears. Pain and frustration were evident on her face, and for an instant Barsch contemplated that he had only ever seen her change her expression when she was in distress. Still, she fought on, gradually gaining ground.
The raft began to creak warningly under the strain, as water and girl fought for possession. The rapids were close enough for Barsch to pick out every smear of greenish moss on every smooth stone. Those stones would batter and break his body if he went in without protection. It was agonizing how close the bank had come, yet it was still just out of reach, even from Maloch’s titanic arms. 
In a sudden moment of clarity, Barsch saw the entire scene all at once, and the first thought that came to mind was a giant piece of rubber which had been stretched out to its limits. Sooner or later, the rubber would snap back, and chaos would follow in its wake. No sooner had he thought it, it happened. With a soft sigh, Alza fell backwards into the churning water, her energy spent and her mind gone. At the same moment, as if she had been the one holding them back, the raft touched the hard soil of the bank. 
In slow motion, Barsch turned back towards the old man and the re-mech. As if he could read his mind, Kingston’s mouth had already formed into a familiar shape. With one last rueful smile, Barsch turned and leapt into the frigid waters. He could hear the hermit’s final cry moments before the shock of the impact knocked the breath from his body.
“NO!” screamed Kingston, unheard. 
As helpless as a ragdoll, Barsch was thrown from boulder to boulder, each imparting its mark on his fragile body. The cold had numbed his senses somewhat, yet he still felt the pain from every impact shooting up his spine before dispersing through his body. Through half-closed eyes, he could barely tell up from down, as the current did with him what it willed. Mercifully his burning eyes spied a familiar figure hanging motionless before him. With what little strength he had left, he kicked his legs and stretched out his arms towards the unconscious girl.
A bloody gash on her pale forehead worried him slightly, but then his arms enclosed her light body and all thoughts were driven from his mind. In the turmoil, she was the only constant, her weight a presence that he would not lose, even if it killed him. From somewhere deep inside, he found a wellspring of strength, which allowed him to break through the distant surface. Almost immediately, water rushed into his gasping mouth, and he spent several seconds choking and spluttering. In less time than it took him to tie up his laces, he and Alza had been carried out of view from the raft. He knew that whatever was holding him up was fading fast, so he began searching for a suitable replacement. There, five feet downstream, lay a large, wedged log. If he could only catch hold of it, he could save them both. 
Drawing even further on the mysterious source of energy, he kicked towards the downed trunk. In seconds, it was before him, mercifully devoid of slippery moss. With a determination that belonged to a man much older than he, he reached up and shouldered the log with all his might. It budged not an inch, but he did not notice. With one final kick that signalled the last of his borrowed energy, he knocked the buoyant branch free. 
Vision darkening, heartbeat pounding, eyes watering, he laid a free hand on the smooth wood. Using the momentum given to him by the raging river, he slung Alza over the floating timber. As soon as she was secure, he made to join her, and found that his arms and legs had become deadweight. If there had been enough energy left for it, he would have cried. With one last glance at Alza, he allowed the water to reclaim its lost sacrifice. Before he had sunk a foot, he felt something tugging at the back of his coat. Letting the current turn him around, he searched for the mystery sensation. 
Once more, it came, though this time the force of the tug raised him skywards. In a shower of spray and vapour, he broke through the surface. By miracle or by design, he landed squarely across the log. His listless hand had landed atop Alza’s, and a deep relief filled him when he felt her pulse resonate with his own. His body, having decided that enough was enough, began shutting down. His last sight before slipping into unconsciousness was of a woman, clothed in water, disappearing back into the swell. 
*
The water rushes forward without end, as my last breath is driven from my lungs. THE GLADE OPENS BEFORE ME, ITS SWEET, ENTICING SMELL FILLING MY MIND. The cold liquid calls out to my tortured body, singing sweet songs of a painless death. SOMETHING IS WRONG. I CAN FEEL HER, THOUGH SHE IS NOWHERE IN SIGHT. Something is wrong.  I can feel Him, though he is nowhere in sight. THE GLADE SHIMMERS, AS IF IT HAD NEVER BEEN REAL AT ALL. SHE IS HERE, AND YET SHE IS NOT. The ignored torrent returns with doubled fury, its anger battering my body and breaking my mind. He is here, and yet He is not.
THE DREAM -FOR I KNOW NOW THAT I AM TRAPPED WITHIN ONE- HAS BEGUN TO SHATTER. IT KNOWS, IT KNOWS THAT SHE IS NOT WHERE SHE SHOULD BE. The water turns to sand, which in turn turns to empty air, as the dream begins to fall apart. Somehow, the dream knows that He is not where He should be. I CALL OUT TO HER, SEARCHING FOR HER WITHIN THE RECESSES OF MY MIND. He is calling to me now, I can hear him growing closer. SHE IS NEAR, I CAN FEEL IT. He is near, I can feel it. SUDDENLY, SHE IS STANDING BEFORE ME. I CALL OUT AND SAY- Suddenly, he appears and calls out, “What is happening!” I respond- 
SHE RESPONDS, “OUR DREAMS HAVE BEEN CONNECTED. WE HAVE INVADED ONE ANOTHER’S MINDS.” Fear flashes across his handsome face, as he says, “How can we stop this?” IT IS BECOMING HARDER TO THINK. I NO LONGER KNOW WHO I AM ANYMORE. AM I HIM. AM I HER. THE GLADE, THE RIVER, THE DESERT, THE CANYON. EACH FLASHES ACROSS MY VISION AND IS GONE. I cannot keep Him out any longer. If our minds continue to meld, I fear that neither of us will come out unscathed. Reaching deep into my own psyche, I search for the light I know is there.
VIOLET LIGHT BEGINS TO FILL MY MIND, AS SHE DELVES DEEPER INTO HER SUB-CONCIOUS. THE LIGHT GROWS IN INTENSITY, UNTIL IT FEELS AS THOUGH MY EYES WILL BE BURNED FROM THEIR SOCKETS IF I DO NOT ESCAPE. I let the light, the power, fill my mind. It brings with it peace; stability. He retreats from the harsh light, as I chase him out of my mind. 
THE LIGHT CHASES ME, BURNING ME WITH ITS HORRIBLE GLOW. SOMEWHERE, OUT THERE IN THE VOID, I FEEL SOMETHING PULLING AT ME. IT FEELS FAMILIAR AND FOREIGN AT THE SAME TIME. THE SCATHING LIGHT DRIVES ME TOWARDS THIS UNKNOWN PLACE. 
BEFORE ME LIES A CRYSTAL SPHERE. IT SHINES FROM WITHIN, A SHIFTING GREEN/BLUE LIGHT THAT WELCOMES ME HOME. WITHOUT HESITATION, I EMBRACE THE ORB, ITS LIGHT FILLING ME WITH WARMTH. 
He is gone, back to his own mind. I look around at the carnage he has wrought. In the solitude of my core, I tremble at his passing, his radiance forever burned into my being.
*
The first sensation Barsch felt after waking was the rhythmic drumming of the rain. The second was a slender, cold hand tightly entwined with his own. With a start, he sat up, the strange dream already fading from his mind. For a brief instant, Barsch fancied that if he crawled over to the water, he would find himself staring back at a creature with snow-white hair and violet eyes.
With a shake of his head, he angrily thought, “I am Barsch! And only Barsch...” His identity affirmed for the moment, he glanced down at the hand clenched in his. Following the hand down to a wrist, and then an arm, before finally settling on a face, Barsch was pleased to see that it belonged to Alza. The fact that she was unconscious seemed inconsequential compared to the fact that she was here, with him. For the first time, he glanced around, intent on finding out where here was.
Here turned out to be a small, bucket shaped inlet, lined with river plants and long reeds. Barsch could still hear the rushing of the rapids, but they were muted, and out of sight. He turned his gaze upriver, to the branching stream that had carried him to this place. Although the water looked peaceful, he somehow knew in his mind that they could not go back that way. Downriver, the stream suddenly ended at the base of a large boulder, though it looked as though there was a path beneath it. He had already discounted the river as a means of getting back to Kingston, simply because he could imagine how many forks and branches were to be found throughout the canyon, and the raft could have been swept to any of them.
With the river out of the equation, he turned to look at the canyon wall behind him. After a few seconds of searching, he found what he was looking for. The path had been worn down over the years by rain and wind, but it was still useable. It snaked away from the inlet, and ran along the river for a hundred paces before veering away into the canyon-side. A sudden pressure made him glance down at his hand, where Alza still held it tight. She was still unconscious, but her rising and falling chest meant that she was still alive. The gash on her head had luckily stopped bleeding. Taking a length of cloth from one of his many pockets, he tied it around the wound, as Kingston had showed him. Her sleeping face seemed so innocent, so calm, that Barsch wondered for a moment if he had indeed saved Alza, and not some other woman. 
Working some feeling back into his legs with his free hand, he made to stand. Alza’s hand came up with his, and he was momentarily torn between savouring the feeling of her close presence and getting to his feet. The thought of her waking up to find him holding her hand decided it. Gently, he untangled their hands, and finally stood up. 
As soon as his spine had straightened, he was assaulted by a dual wave of nausea and pain. Every scratch and bruise gained from the rapids stung and burned. With great effort, he managed to block out the pain, though he knew that when it returned it would be much worse than before. The pain temporarily taken care of, Barsch set to work on finding a way back to Kingston.
His first challenge was waking Alza, as he knew that he would be unable to navigate through the canyon while carrying her. After that, he had to find out where he was and in what direction west lay. His course of action laid out, he set to work on rousing his sleeping companion. 
His first attempt was a dismal failure.
He had tried calling out, “Alza... wake up,” in the softest voice imaginable, over and over. When this did not work, he sighed and chided himself for his meekness. “For goodness sake, I’m trying to wake her, not put her even further under.” 
Gathering up his courage, he tried again, this time his words louder and accompanied by a gentle shaking of the shoulders. Slowly, like a flower bud opening unto the light of daybreak, Alza left the world of dreams. Her eyes fluttered open, their violet irises already viewing the world with disdain. A hand rose to shield her angelic face from the pestering raindrops. If she was surprised to see him there, she did not show it. Her steady eyes had already taken in her new surroundings and dismissed them just as suddenly.
“Welcome back...” Barsch immediately scolded himself for the flippancy of his words, but Alza appeared not to notice. She rose to her feet, without sparing him a second glance, and began checking herself for injuries. Her searching hand touched the bandage wrapped around her head, and for an instant Barsch feared that she would tear it off. However, her hand fell back to her side, cloth untouched. Then, without waiting for his company, she set off down the dusty path. Frowning, he momentarily believed that she was going to leave him behind, so he quickly ran to catch up. Mercifully, she said nothing when he appeared beside her, matching her pace. At the very least, she did not object to his company, but nor did she seem to welcome it.
The path soon curved inwards, away from the riverside, though Barsch could still hear the flowing water if he strained his ears. The path then began to cut through a solid canyon wall, the fault just big enough for them to squeeze through. To his left and right, the cliffs rose more than a hundred feet, the sky but a thin, grey line. Not for the first time, Barsch wondered what had happened to Kingston and Maloch. The last he had seen of them, they had been wedged onto the bank, but anything could have changed as he slept.
Thinking of Kingston flowed into thinking about Lanista. The black blade had been tied down tightly to the raft when he had made his heroic leap. It was a strange feeling to be without the sword that had become as much a part of his as an arm or a leg. However, at the same time, he was a little glad that the onerous weight was gone, and despite the fact that Lanista weighed next to nothing, it still felt as though he had been relieved of a great burden.
“The burden of power,” Barsch had heard it called, and it meant that those imbued with power were required to carry both the benefits and the risks of having such power. A struggling streak of sunburst suddenly broke through the heavy clouds, before alighting on Alza’s slender frame. “She knows the burden of power better than anyone... to have so much, yet at the same time, to have nothing at all.”
Soon, the fault in the wall opened up onto a dried-up riverbed. The canyon before them was identical in every way -save for one- to the one they had just come from. Where water had once flowed, green and red plants had sprung up. Their leaves and stems had a hardy look, as if they expected the river to return at any moment, and were ready for it. The lack of water aside, the sameness of the canyon meant that Barsch still had no way of knowing where he was, nor could he remember any method to find out which direction was which. He could wait for the storm to pass, and then use the sun as a natural compass, but he had no way of knowing when the rain would stop, if it ever did.
Alza did not seem to share his worries, and for a brief moment, he wondered if she would even notice if he suddenly disappeared. Shaking his head, he tried to tell himself that they had travelled far together, and that she had saved them more than once, but the words seemed empty and hollow in his head. 
“I wonder what she’ll do, after all of this is over. If it ever ends. I mean, I have Kingston and Dad, and Maloch can always go back to the other re-mech, but she has nothing. What if she never remembers who she is? What if she has to spend the rest of her life alone, not knowing if she has a family, or a place to call home.” 
Barsch tried to imagine Alza laughing with her family, their smiles honest and genuine, everyone happy to have reclaimed her. He tried to imagine her re-uniting with her friends, or perhaps her lover -the thought brought a grimace to his lips- and becoming truly happy. However, picturing Alza as a cheerful, normal girl was a hard task, and the image failed to settle. Though he tried, the picture in his mind kept sliding back to a vision of her, standing alone in the darkness, without a single light to guide her path. 
“Well... If that’s how it is, then I’ll stay with her, even if she doesn’t want me. I will be her light...”
A small rumbling sound brought Barsch out of his chivalrous thoughts, and with a start he realised that it had come from his abdomen. He thought back to when he had last had a suitable meal, and he muttered a silent curse when he realised that all of their food was still on the raft. Alza seemed to have felt a pang of hunger as well, for she suddenly stopped and stared up at the sky. Barsch opened his mouth to ask her what was wrong, when she whispered, “Keep silent and get down.”
It was a soft voice, but he found that her words had bypassed his brain and gone straight to his limbs. He was on his stomach, face down in the silt, before he knew what had happened. She knelt beside him, yet her eyes were focusing on something further down the canyon. Slowly, Barsch raised his head. There, perhaps fifty feet away, lay three scrawny hares, hiding from the rain beneath a low outcrop. They had their backs towards Barsch and Alza, and the rain would have hidden both their scent and steps. Barsch made to stand, but a single glance from Alza stopped him in his tracks.
She turned back to their quarry and extended a hand, as if she could suddenly reach out and grab them. Her shining eyes and animated hair gave him a split-second forewarning, and with a cry he threw himself flat against the ground. He waited there, arms cradling his head, as seconds turned into minutes. As far as he could see, nothing had happened. Cautiously, he raised his head, ready to throw it down again if he so much as felt the wind change. 
Alza was in the exact same position as when he had seen her last, though a mask of puzzlement had slid over her normally calm features. Raising his head higher, he peered towards the unaware prey. They too were as he had seen them last, huddling together for the warmth of companionship. Suddenly, the wind did indeed change, and a trace of their scent was carried towards them. The rabbits looked up, and Barsch swore that he could see their fear, before they bounded away. Barsch turned to offer his condolences, but Alza was preoccupied with her non-functioning abilities. She kept muttering, “Why didn’t it...” over and over again. 
With Alza out of action, Barsch took it upon himself to find food. Luckily, the silt that lined the riverbed made for excellent plant growth. Within thirty or so minutes of searching, Barsch returned to Alza with fruit and vegetables piled high in his arms. There were several that looked familiar; such as wild potatoes and turnips; and several more that he was not even sure were edible. During his absence Alza had regained her composure, and waited for Barsch at a small shelf in the canyon wall. 
At the base of the wall, where the water had not seeped through, Barsch found a cluster of flammable grass and twigs. Gathering the fire-fuel, he placed it in a small heap, sheltered from the dampening rain by the rock shelf. He considered asking Alza to light the fire, as he knew she had done before, but he clamped down on that line of thought. If she had been shaken by the non-appearance of her... power... she did not show it, but Barsch knew better than to ask her about it. 
Instead, he selected two sticks from the heap and laid them at adjacent angles, with a small amount of kindling at one side. He began to rub them together in a way that Kingston had showed him. For several minutes, nothing happened, and Barsch began to doubt the old man’s advice. However, as soon as the doubt formed, it was dispelled by the thin wisp of smoke coming from the heap. After transferring the tiny flame to the larger bundle of wood and heather, he blew gently to enlarge the struggling spark. Once the fire had grown big enough for his liking, he set to work on cooking the food. To do so, he took three smooth stone slabs, about a foot in length, and laid them in the shape of a door frame. On the top edge, he placed what vegetables he thought edible, which allowed the flame below to heat up the stone and cook the flora. 
Minutes later, a pleasant aroma began to waft towards Barsch’s starved stomach, causing it to give another loud rumble. He could feel the embarrassment redden his face, but Alza took no notice. It was infuriating in a way, to be with someone who did not respond to anything, as if she was an emotionless doll. “Something frightened her though, back there with the rabbits.” Shaking the image of her worried face from his mind, he began to heap the cooked food onto another stone slab. For all her aloofness, she did not refuse the food, though he noticed that she ate far less than he. When he was done, he sat back with a contented smile on his face. Abruptly, he began to speak, in tones meant for storytelling.
“This place reminds me of something that happened a long time ago, when I was barely old enough to call myself a child.” Alza did not seem to be listening, but he continued anyway. 
“My father and I were hiking in a canyon very similar to this one, and because it was my birthday I had been allowed to choose the route. This was back when the pollution was not as bad, and people were still able to walk in the open without getting sick. Anyway, there I was, full of confidence and youthful vigour. It was that confidence that led me to pick the hardest trail in the area. It called for expert climbing and forging abilities, but my father always struggled with saying no to me. I guess he just couldn’t do it without remembering her...” 
For a split second his mind was elsewhere, in a place filled with painful memories. A heartbeat later he was back, no sign of his sadness showing on his face. “I digress. So there we were, child and father, hiking where we should not have been.” 
Alza had turned away from him after the meal, but he fancied that she had turned a little way towards him. “At first, everything was fine. The trail was hard, not mercilessly so, but hard nonetheless. Still, in my arrogance, I boasted that perhaps the so called expert climbers were frauds and cowards, to caution against taking the trail. However, as we made our way through the canyon, the weather began to turn. It started out as a single grey cloud in the sky, but soon multiplied into a full blown storm.”
It was no fancy now, as he could see her head cocked nonchalantly to one side, as if she was listening to the wind, but Barsch knew better. Pausing for dramatic effect, he continued, “Naturally, my father wanted to turn back immediately, but my pride held me there. I was determined to conquer the trail, storm or no storm. Even today, I wish he had had the strength to stop me...”
Another glance into the past, another painful reminder. “So, moving as quickly as we could, we made our way to the final stretch of the course, which turned out to be a dried out riverbed, a lot like this one. With rain beating us down and thunder roaring overhead, we ran to the high-ground that signified the end of the path. We almost made it too… if I hadn’t tripped on some brambles, we very well might have survived unscathed. Unfortunately, my luck has never been that good, so at that exact moment, with the end in sight and my feet tangled, the torrent became a deluge. From the far side of the canyon came a flood, seemingly out of nowhere, which bore down on us faster than a man could run.”
Alza had almost turned her face towards his, though she still tried to appear disinterested. “I think, if my dad had left me there, I wouldn’t have blamed him. Heck, I would probably have done exactly that in the circumstances. Maybe it was his fatherly instinct kicking in; maybe he simply couldn’t stand to lose another of his family. So, he picked me up, brambles and all, and ran for the high ground. Even though I was young, I knew he would never make it in time. The water was already as high as his knees by the time he reached the canyon wall, too late to start climbing.” 
Barsch’s voice had grown softer, as if he was struggling to say what came next. “Just when I thought we were goners, he saw a ledge, about seven feet above the water. I still don’t know how he did it, but he lifted me up and told me to hang on, while his feet were swept out beneath him. I can still remember his face, as the water took him... he was smiling... he was still trying to keep me calm, even as the water took him.” 
Barsch’s voice was almost a whisper as he said, “I hung there until it felt my arms would break, until the waters receded. By some miracle, he was still there, bloodied and unconscious, but still there. I dragged him for a mile before another hiker found us. He still has a scar running down the length of his arm, a cruel reminder of that day. From that point on, I decided that I would never abandon anyone in need, no matter how much it hurt me. If I ever did, I knew that I would never be able to face my father again...” The cautionary tale ended in silence. It lasted until Alza hastily cleared her throat and turned her back towards Barsch. He did not know if he had seen pity; or blame, in those violet eyes, but at least he knew that she was not completely heartless. 
He looked up and was surprised to find the sun staring back at him. It was a strange effect, as the golden ball of light broke through clouds and rain both to shine on his melancholic expression. Still sitting, he gathered up some of the tinder that had gone unused, and stuffed them into a spare pocket. Dousing the fire with a handful of red sand, he stood to leave. Alza was already on her feet. As they passed the overhang where the hares had taken shelter, Barsch knelt down and placed an uneaten turnip by the entrance. It was a silent apology for what had happened earlier. “And now I’m apologizing to the wildlife...what’s next? Perhaps I’ll start hugging trees and giving up meat? This place is changing me...” 
The already distant sound of the river faded away completely as they followed the canyon path. With the sun finally in sight, Barsch could work out their destination. Whether on purpose or by sheer luck, they were heading due west, though that could change at any moment with the way the trail twisted and turned. The canyon was eventually bisected by others, any of which might be sheltering their friends. It would have taken them an age to search them all, so Barsch resolved to head forward -keeping his stride- hoping they would know to continue west. 
The landscape continued to unravel before him, canyon begetting canyon. Sometimes he would glimpse a sliver of the river down one of the branches, and sometimes there would be only darkness. The only constant was the rain, which had returned while they walked. It turned the red earth to sticking mud, and gave the dried riverbed a semblance of activity. If anything, Alza was acting even more distantly than before, walking a good ten paces ahead, never once turning to see if he still followed. The monotony of the walk allowed his mind to drift, though he thought of nothing in particular. Seconds soon turned into minutes, which quickly became hours. Before he knew what had happened, the sky was darkening and the faded light was diving towards the horizon. The drooping sun created more shadows, as if the towering canyon walls had needed help in that regard.
As the last rays of sunlight struggled through the heavy curtain of rain, Barsch and Alza reached an impasse. The canyon wall had been growing narrow as of late, before finally tapering off. Although the way forward was gone, hope was not lost, as Barsch could see two identical passages, one on either side of him, which veered away through the rock. Taking one meant forsaking the other, and possibly forsaking Kingston and Maloch. Barsch could not even rely on his ‘go west’ plan, as the holes were angled north and south respectively. Time was running out, as the sun continued to fall into darkness. Somehow, he knew that if night fell, he would never find the others. With haste, he went from one opening to the other, looking for a distinguishing mark that would tell him that that path was the right one. He stared till his eyes hurt, trying to peer down the twisting passages, but only shadows stared back.
The light continued to dim, until he decided to trust his own luck to pick the correct trail. The memory of his father being swept away by the flood, and his ‘luck’ from that day caused him to falter, but he could see no other alternative. Closing his eyes, he tried to reach out with his mind, as if his sub-conscious somehow knew which path to take. When nothing happened, he angrily opened his eyes. His only other choice was to ask Alza, but she did not look like she was in the mood to talk, as she stood in deepening shadows. Finally, with a curse for his own luck, he turned to enter the southern passage. Ignoring the feeling that something was wrong, he started down the path, but an even stranger sensation stopped him. Turning, he peered down the northern passage. When he had looked before, it had been pitch black, but now it was lit with a small light. The light seemed to grow and fade in intensity randomly, and its colour changed continuously. With a smile on his face, he faced towards the lighted hole and entered. He felt Alza follow him moments later, which widened the smile on his face.
The passage continued to twist and turn as they went deeper, but the light -which seemed to always dart away before he rounded the bend- insured they did not lose their way. If Barsch had been claustrophobic, the tunnel would have been anathema to him, as he stooped to avoid brushing his head against the low roof. He was also hounded on both sides, as the walls grew uncomfortably close on more than one occasion. Thankfully -low ceiling and crowded walls taken into consideration- the passage was short, and they emerged after no more than ten minutes walking. 
By the rising light of the moon, he could make out a large overhang nearby, more than fifteen feet above the ground. A moonbeam alighted on the river meandering beside the stone shelf, its currents gentler than when he had seen it last. With care, they made their way across the dark landscape, the overhang their only goal. It was a large landmark, and even if Kingston did not see it, it would at least grant them shelter from the unending rain. In seconds, they were beneath the ceiling of rock, though Barsch could not see what held it up. From what he could see, the overhang stretched back into the canyon wall, at least a hundred paces by his count. Without waiting for him, Alza had taken a seat near the entrance, her eyes trained on the smooth waters lying fifty feet away. Following her example, Barsch sat beside her and began to gather what he would need to make another fire. Alza said not a word, her violet eyes gleaming mysteriously in the moonlight. All they could do was wait, and pray that they had chosen the right path…
*
In a different space and time, though some would say that such things were joined irrevocably, an old man sat and stared at where his young charge had been. He knew that shock had taken hold of his senses, rooting him to the spot, otherwise he would most probably have dove in himself. Besides the shock, Maloch’s clenched hand held him at bay. The thunderous downpour served to drown out his anguished screams, until rational thought finally gained enough courage to return. He managed to convince his grieving brain that Barsch and Alza had survived worse, beating every odd and destroying every certainty, and that if anyone could make it, it was they. Even knowing this, he could not shake off the feeling of loss, as though someone had just cut off a limb and he could still feel its phantom presence.
“No! They're alive! They have to be... I can't fail again... I will save him... I will earn my redemption...” Despite his affirmation of his intentions, Kingston was no closer to saving his lost friend. Turning towards his solitary companion, he searched for a way past the rapids. He knew that he could do nothing about Barsch's situation until he found a way to reach him. 
Immediately, a problem presented itself. The bank they had reached was devoid of a path into the canyon, and the land only ran a scant few feet before re-joining the raging river. He knew that any chance to catch up to Barsch lay in a river route, but the churning currents and submerged rocks impeded his progress. It would be useless to find Barsch if he incapacitated himself in the progress. The only choice left to him was to somehow forge across the river and search for a path on the opposite bank. However, the only way to cross the river was via the now defunct raft, which was a less than optimal method of traversing the waters that had already claimed two bodies. Dismissing the image of Barsch and Alza drifting downriver with unseeing eyes, Kingston made for the raft. 
With Maloch's titanic strength, he soon had the barely floating wood bobbing gently on the still raging water. After that, it was relatively easy to set sail, provided the bindings could withstand another pounding. Clambering aboard, the duo slowly made their way across the rapids, carefully avoiding the fast-flowing currents that would carry them towards the rocks further downstream. Mercifully, they encountered no problems on their voyage across the river, and were soon anchored on the far side. The opposite bank turned out to be a mirror of the one they had just come from, with one key difference: a path forward. Nestled in the canyon wall was a small fissure, no more than eight feet high and four feet wide, which led deeper into the canyon. With Maloch's powerful head-lamps lighting their way, they proceeded forward.
Maloch was forced to hunch over, after his head brushed the first low-hanging rock. The path was small and cramped, instantly bringing back Kingston’s claustrophobia, which he had thought gone forever. Although he was uncomfortable, Kingston uttered not one word of complaint, for he knew that neither Barsch nor Alza would do so in the same situation. His only course of action was to press forward and remain calm. After a time, he forgot about his discomfort, and allowed his mind to drift into happier times. 
A few minutes of happiness later, he was snapped back to reality to Maloch's cool, metallic hand on his shoulder.
“We have reached a split in the path. How do you wish to proceed?”
Looking up from his reverie, Kingston saw what Maloch was referring to. They had reached a small clearing, a product of rain water seeping down through the fissure and pooling over millennia, before draining away. Ahead, lying at equal distances from one another, were two furrows in the rock-face. Down one, Kingston caught a glimpse of a sloping path ending in light. Down the other, he could discern nothing, for no light could escape into the world. Although he was tempted to take the path of light, Kingston knew that a wrong choice could cost them hours, or even days. And that might be longer than Barsch or Alza had, assuming they were alive. “No! I can't think like that! They have to be alive.... they have to....”
Then, appearing from the path of shadows, came a light like no other. It bobbed and weaved through the air, openly flaunting it's defiance of gravity. It spun and flipped, as it gently swam towards the despairing old hermit. It was of all colours and none, freely changing from love-struck pink to sombre grey. When it first appeared, it was the size of a pinprick, though immeasurable in brightness. As it drew near, it swelled in size, before settling into a somewhat water-melon sized ball of pulsing yet dull light. It's hue had gone through the entire known colour range, before deciding on a pale gold with accents of earthly brown and grassy green. It was, to Kingston’s great relief, the guiding light known as Spectre. 
“Thank you, for this kindness. I will not squander it,” this was said in a soft, reverent voice, with eyes on the gently bobbing creature. Turning his gaze to the roads not yet taken, he said, “Please… take us to where we need to be.”
Spectre, apparently understanding his words, immediately started towards the path of light. Gathering up his belongings, Kingston followed in haste, with Maloch bringing up the rear. The chosen path soon began to slop upwards, and before long was widening into a low cave. The cave roof was mercifully high, so Maloch could finally walk tall. The cave was filled with smooth rocks, polished by decades of constant water-drops falling from the saturated limestone above. This smoothness reflected back Spectre's light a hundredfold, bathing the area in golden light. As they travelled onwards, through the shimmering cavern, a now-familiar noise reappeared: the sound of raindrops hitting rock. Kingston knew that if he could hear the rain, they must be close to the surface. 
After a few more minutes, they were forced to stop, as several hours of sidling through fissures and clambering over boulders had sapped Kingston’s strength. As they sat there, the echoed rainfall and luminescent walls created a peaceful tableau which was at complete odds with how Kingston felt.
Sometime later, once Kingston’s strength had returned, the strange duo set out. The cave had narrowed once more, and had grown into a labyrinth of twisting stone passageways. Kingston could not tell right from left, nor up from down. The sounds of flowing water replaced the drip-drip of the slowing rain, causing Kingston to speculate that they had passed beneath the river. An errant hole in the ceiling provided a glimpse of the sky, whilst allowing moonlight to stream down and light the path. Spectre's light and the moonlight soon melded together, till the erratic guide was a radiant silver sphere which weaved through the con-fuddling tunnels. They walked on for a while longer, before the tunnel began to slope upwards once more. The rain returned in full force, reverberating through the caves. Eventually, Spectre's soft lunar light was washed out by the real heavenly body, as the group emerged from the labyrinth. 
They had come out beneath an overhang, which was thankfully some feet above them. In the distance, mixed in the eternal pitter-patter of the rain, Kingston could discern the gentle sounds of the river. Near the entrance, a small pinprick of light fought against the night, struggling to bring warmth to the cold world. Simultaneously, Kingston felt tears stream down his weary face, as his body unconsciously moved towards the unnatural flame.
Unnoticed, Spectre disappeared from view, leaving behind a bright pink after-image that quickly faded from view. With a cracked voice, Kingston began to mumble incoherently, whilst hoping that the flame was not the creation of his tortured conscious. As he neared the fire, his muttering died down. In its place his tears doubled in ferocity, thoroughly wetting his unkempt beard and staining his patch-work coat.
Barsch had awoken as the first word punctured the silence of the overhang, and Alza had awoken at the second. They stood, sleep still heavy on their eyes, as Kingston collapsed into a tearful, yet smiling lump of clothes and flesh. After the tears stopped, he stood, and embraced them both, despite Alza's protests.
While still swept up in his embrace he took a moment to check them for injuries. Miraculously they were relatively unharmed, although for some reason Alza wore a bandage around her head. It had come loose as she had slept, and now showed glimpses of smooth, undamaged skin. As for Barsch, he bore a few bruises and scratches, but they were already healing, a fact which Kingston should have made note of. He did not, however, as his mind was concentrated on never letting the two youngsters go. When Barsch began to protest, he eased his grip, fearful that the moment he did the boy would tempt Fate once more. 
Slowly, he released them, and lowered himself to the warm floor. Edging closer to the fire, he smiled at the two of them, knowing in his heart that they were already years older than when he had first met them. With the soft smile still contorting his features, he slipped into the sleep reserved for the old and the weary. His gentle snores reminded Barsch that he too was in desperate need of rest, and he lay down beside the warming flame. He too fell asleep with a smile on his face and one pale hand on the hermit's fatherly shoulder. Alza, after freeing herself from the uncomfortable hug, had retreated to the entrance and took up position. When she fell asleep, there would be no smile nor smirk across her graceful features. Maloch, forgotten in the excitement, silently powered down for the night, as the rain finally ended and silence reigned once more.
*
THEY WILL ABANDON YOU.
Darkness consumes me. The light is gone, enveloped by the cold night. Alza. Kingston. Maloch. Terra. Ion. Spectre. All are connected to me, but all have their own goals. Alza seeks purpose, but is held by the memories that elude her. Kingston seeks repentance, which drives him towards self-sacrifice. Maloch desires freedom, but is chained by logic. The Avatars have their entangling plans, with us as the pawns.
THEY WILL HURT YOU.
And me? What do I want? I used to desire a place to belong. Then I wanted to return to where I was sheltered. Now? I just want to protect those around me, no matter the cost. These people, and their goals, are all important to me. To fail one would be to fail them all, and I will not let that happen. 
THEY WILL KILL YOU.
My father. My mother's unseen face. My friends, and those who have fallen by my side. Too many memories, too much pain and sadness. How can I help those around me when I can't even help myself!
I AM YOUR ONLY SALVATION.
I hate thinking like this. I can bear strange, horrifying dreams, and yet I am terrified of simply being alone with my thoughts. Give me another blood-soaked, maddening dream where I kill people with a smile. Give me another confusing vision in which Alza kills me, again and again. Give me the glade, the desert, the city… anything! Just please… help me escape from these horrible thoughts. Please! Give me something, anything... just please distract me from myself!
I AM YOUR ONLY HOPE.
I can feel the darkness here, waiting in my mind. I can feel the violence, the anger that will destroy me. It hurts me to admit it, but when I gave in to the rage... when I let the anger take over... It made me feel so... alive. I crave the destruction, yet at the same time I know that I cannot have it. I am conflict unbecoming.
KNEEL BEFORE ME, AND YOU WILL NEVER DIE.
I feel self-disgust. I am tired. Tired of having to grow up too fast. Tired of having to face death again and again. I'm tired of Alza, and Kingston, and Maloch, and having to do the bidding of false gods. I just want to return to the innocence of my childhood, when nobody ever asked me to save the world. When things were simple. When death was a far-off dream, and adulthood an unavoidable future. 
GRASP MY HILT, AND LET THE WORLD HEAR OUR ROAR.
Oh please let the dreams come, so that I can escape from myself...
WE ARE DEATH. WE ARE CARNAGE. WE ARE LA-
“Rise and shine sleepyhead. Fate doesn't wait for the dreams of men.”
The melodic voice was better than any cold bucket of water, and Barsch was awake and scrambling to his feet in seconds. His thoughts, which had been wrapped in the imitation of a dream, faded from his mind. Sitting in his iconic throne of earth sat Terra, though his relaxed pose suggested that his visit was anything but official. He wore a contented grin, seeming to be utterly at home in the shadow of the overhang. 
Barsch looked around to see if the others had noticed the Avatar, but all three of his companions were still wandering the dreamscape. His searching glance also brought his attention to his right hand, which had felt oddly heavy when he had leapt up. Lanista lay there, tightly wrapped up in his grip. He could not remember fetching the blade in the night, and he was sure that the last he had seen of it was shortly before his unintentional swim.
He moved to drop it, but for some reason his fingers refused to open. 
“I am you only salvation.” The strange thought blazed a path across his mind, leaving chaos and doubt in its wake.
“Can you hear its voice yet?” asked Terra, who had been entirely forgotten in the confusion.
Barsch looked up sharply, searching for the tell-tale signs of mockery in the Avatar’s face. But there was only concern, with a hint of pity.
“Yes… What is it? Some kind of spirit?” he asked, after taking some time to choose his words.
A look of sadness crossed Terra’s face, and he said, “I wish it were that simple. Spirits are easy, compared to Souls. No… it’s not a spirit. Think of it as… an old friend… who has suddenly found a way to speak. Believe me, the blade is nothing but metal and oil. The voice does not come from it.”
“Then where does it come from? And why does it sound so… angry?”
Terra did not reply, only staring mournfully at Barsch’s chest. At his heart. At the source of the voice. At the beast’s nest. At Barsch, the bloodied madman who had killed dozens of cóyotl with a screaming sword. 
“What am I?” asked Barsch, softly. The Barsch that he knew, the one who had awoken on a barren hill, detested violence. The Barsch that he knew could not possibly have killed all those creatures, even if they were trying to kill him. The Barsch that he knew… was dead. Perhaps he had died the day his hands had first closed around Lanista’s hilt. He thought that he had lost his innocence in Wareven… what a fool he had been.
“You are… what you choose to be. Rule the beast, or let the beast rule you. That is your choice. That is your burden. Choose wrongly, and you will end up hurting a lot more than a few cóyotl.” For a moment Terra’s gaze found Alza, Kingston and Maloch. They were still asleep, oblivious to the existential crisis happening a few feet away. Without another word the Avatar began to fade back into the muddy earth, a solemn look on his face. 
“Wait!” cried Barsch, but there was no one there. The Avatar had disappeared as quickly as he had come, leaving him confused and irritated. After a moment he remembered himself and managed to pry his right hand open. With effort he managed to fling the detested blade down, but a small part of him –which was growing bigger every day- knew that he would pick it up again. Clenching his hand into a fist -mostly to stop it from touching the chainsword- he sat down, and waited for his companions to awaken. 
Until they did, he was alone, just him and the blade. “I am your only salvation,” said someone, and then he realized that he had said the words himself. “And so it begins…”
*
A few hours later Kingston was awoken by an errant ray of sunshine. He blinked in the dawn light, trying to recover his vision. After a time his eyesight adjusted and he was able to take in his surroundings. Alza stood by the entrance to the outcrop, her back towards him. Maloch was still kneeling by the cave entrance, his eyes dim and unseeing. And Barsch-
Barsch was not there.
With a yell Kingston leapt to his feet. The yell caused Alza to turn, and Maloch to stand up in a sudden burst of activity. Both sets of eyes: one violet, one gold, looked at him questioningly. However, he ignored them and ran to the front of the outcrop.
There, sitting like a statue, was Barsch. He had fallen asleep where he sat, an impressive feat. Curiously, the boy held Lanista in his right hand, which was gripping the hilt so hard as to turn white. Kingston knelt and gently tried to pry the chainsword from Barsch’s fingers, but found that the youth refused to let go.
“Hear… my… roar…” The words were barely audible, more sigh that speech. Kingston ignored them for the moment, attributing them to whatever dream Barsch had found himself in.
“Rise and shine, m’boy!” said Kingston, as kindly as he could. It took several seconds for Barsch to wake up, and when he did it was with a look of sheepishness. Barsch stood on his second attempt and rocked gently on his feet as his black-rimmed eyes adjusted to the light. However, all traces of fatigue vanished from his expression a second later when he glanced down and saw the tightly held chainsword.
With a cry he dropped it, clutching his right hand as if it had been burnt by the cold metal. “Sorry, sorry…” he muttered when he saw Kingston’s confused expression. A moment later Barsch bent down to pick up the black blade, although the look on his face suggested that it was the last thing he wanted to do. Eventually his fingers grasped the hilt, while a flash of pain simultaneously crossed his face.
Kingston did not comment on the boy’s strange actions, putting them down to fatigue. It was understandable, after all, as Barsch had had very little real sleep lately. In fact, Kingston could not remember a time since they had left his hut that he had seen the boy sleep soundly. “Forgive me, for making you bear such a burden…” he thought as he left Barsch to gather his things.
They ate their meagre breakfast in silence. No one was in the mood for conversation. After finishing Barsch and Maloch immediately began gathering up their supplies, while Alza went ahead to scout the path. After everything was packed up, they left the overhang, only Barsch looking back as the group headed after Alza. With some effort he had managed to wedge Lanista into his backpack. “Out of sight, out of mind,” he thought, praying that it would be that simple.
*
They soon caught up to Alza, who was waiting by an oddly shaped boulder by the riverside. The canyon had changed overnight, and lush vegetation was in abundance, dotting the canyon walls and perching from the lip of the cliffs above. The river had lost all of its former ferocity, and was now reminiscent of a sleeping lion, albeit one who had recently bared it's teeth at them. The path, which was fairly wide and level, soon began to curve away from the peaceful waterside, and led them into the canyon proper. The walls of the inner canyon were much more fragmented than those previously seen, and long fractures and crags scarred the otherwise smooth rock. The flooring was studded with loose boulders and fist sized stones, which appeared to have become dislodged from the façade. 
“Tread lightly, this place looks ripe for a rock-slide,” said Kingston, eyeing the unstable rock face.   
Barsch barely heard the hermit, his voice a whisper in comparison to the roar that filled his mind. Had Terra really been there, or had that just been another dream? His mind was in another place, far away from the canyon and it’s loose stones. Unfortunately for him, the reverse was untrue. If he had been paying attention, if his mind had been focused, he might have seen the stone. He may have found it with his eyes instead of his foot. Instead…
The pebble arced away with a whistling noise, before impacting with an audible 'thud' which reverberated throughout the area. For several long moments, nothing happened, as every living thing in the area held its breath. Maybe they would be lucky this time?
After a few more seconds of tense waiting, Kingston sighed and said, “Whew! That could have gone badly ba-
Maybe not.
A pre-emptive strike from a wayward stone was the only warning they were given, before the world collapsed. Moving on instinct, Barsch spun and drew Lanista. He had barely enough time to pull the ripcord, which thankfully caught on the first try. The blade was starting to roar when the first boulder reached them, and a quick vertical slash was the only thing that saved them from a crushing death. 
He hated himself, for wielding the screaming blade once more. He hated himself for how easily it had come to him, how effortlessly it found its way into his hand. He hated himself, at least, he hated the part of him which revelled in the carnage and destruction. But this time was different. This time there would be no blood, not unless he found a way to draw blood from stone.
“Want to try?”
Shaking his head, Barsch had barely enough time to glance over at his friends and make sure they were okay. Alza, who had been in the lead, was fending off a shower of earth with one of her patented air shields, which was already starting to crack. Maloch, on the other hand, had foregone his weapons and was instead shattering the rocks with his massive fists. Kingston, his solar staff buried deeply in his pack, could do nothing but try and dodge the stones. By the rivulets of blood running down his face, he was not doing well. 
His entire observation took less than a second, though to Barsch it seemed as though time itself had stopped. Leaving the timeless and silent world, he returned to reality, just in time to destroy the next two boulders. With a small whirl of his blade, the heavy rocks were cleaved in two, but his momentum had carried him too close to  another. He tried to bring Lanista up, but it was too late, and the slag was upon him. He briefly felt an immense pressure, as the rubble began to crush him into a two-dimensional object. However, instead of falling, he straightened, and the pressure lessened. He caught a brief glimpse of Alza's glowing eyes and outstretched hand before another rock befell him. This time he was ready, and a neat slice from Lanista broke the mass. He looked up and realised that the deluge of earth had stopped, replaced by an eerie calm.
Before him, were Alza had been only moments before, was a new wall of rubble. Behind him, Kingston was getting to his feet and wiping away the blood from his superficial cuts. Maloch too was tending to a few new dents, but seemed otherwise operational. Barsch, miraculously, was unharmed, though he knew that he owed that fact to Alza's timely intervention. Fearing for her well-being, he called out to her, saying, “Alza! Are you okay?”    
For several heart-stopping seconds, there was no reply. Then, in a faint but definitely annoyed voice, came a response, “I am still alive. However, the rubble is blocking the path between us.”
Barsch breathed a sigh of relief, before shouting, “Okay, wait right there! We will come and get you!”
The voice that came through the packed earth was cold enough to freeze rain in mid-flight. There was no kindness, no compassion in her tone as she said, “There is no need. You have just proved to me that it is no longer beneficial to travel with you. I will make my own way from now on. Goodbye, Barsch la Tergan.”
“Wait, Alza! What are you doing?” called Barsch, dumbstruck.
There was no reply, only the sound of Barsch furiously pounding the wall of rubble in the hope that it would magically break apart. When it failed to do so, he slumped forward, unable to accept this sudden turn of events.
“How could she just leave us like that? After everything we've been through?”
“Don't worry m'boy, we're better off without her. Come on, let's find another way out.”
Barsch wanted to argue, to defend Alza, but the words failed to materialize. All he could do was stare at the rock strewn floor and nod meekly.
“Coward.” For once he did not disagree with his thoughts.
With Kingston leading the way, they began to explore the surrounding area, looking for another exit. It soon became apparent that there was none to be found, and the way forward lay buried in rubble. They had two options: either head back the way they came and look for another route or spend hours trying to clear the path of rubble. Neither option looked particularly appealing, and the noonday sun, once welcomed as a blessing, had turned the canyon into a furnace. The heat sapped what little energy Barsch had left, making it hard to think and move. After a half-hour of searching, they took a break in what little shade the cliffs above provided. 
While discussing the possibility of having to turn back and head for the river, Maloch spoke, “I believe I have calculated the most time and effort efficient method of escaping from our current predicament.”
Kingston, without speaking a word, motioned for the re-mech to continue. Maloch did so with no hesitation, saying, in a very matter-of-fact voice, “It appears that we only have two options: Turn back or press forward. However, one must remember that there is a certain lack of...verticality... in the proposed solutions. I suggest that, instead of trying to go forward or back, we should go... up.”
Both men pondered the re-mech’s words for a while, as each one desperately tried to think up a safer alternative. When nothing arose, Barsch answered, lamely, “Are you seriously talking about climbing up the canyon wall? That's impossible!” 
“Highly improbable, but not impossible. After running all of the variables, I have concluded that it is the most promising and efficient solution. The chance of dying is no less than any of the other death-defying activities we have partaken in in the recent past.”
“But, how are we even supposed to climb? We have no equipment?” said Barsch, still hoping he could talk his way out of potential danger.
“Do not worry. I will make tools for you to use,” replied Maloch depressingly.
With no other options, Barsch turned and said, “Kingston? What do you think we should do?” whilst hoping that the hermit would think of something to dissuade the death-seeking re-mech.
Kingston looked up from his seat, fatigue evident in his eyes. Seeing the concern in Barsch's face, he quickly jumped up and said, “Well, I trust Maloch, and he hasn't been wrong yet,” Seeing Barsch’s dejected look he added, Kingston seemed to think for a bit before adding, “Besides, we might be able to catch up with... her.”
Kingston looked as though that was the last thing he wanted to do, but Barsch understood what the man meant. Nodding, he said, “Okay, let’s go.” Turning to Maloch he added, “What do you want us to do?”
*
Following Maloch's instructions, they were soon scouring the area for a variety of plants and roots. Surprisingly, the task took no more than an hour, and they were soon back at the collapsed rock-face as Maloch went to work. After a scant few minutes, he was done, and a bevy of tools lay before him. Ropes made of vines; wooden picks and stone cams were all present, which was an impressive feat given that they were in the middle of a desolate canyon miles from the nearest abandoned equipment store. After a quick briefing of how the tools worked, Barsch and Kingston approached the canyon wall. 
The first few feet were easy thanks to the presence of several low-hanging roots, which Barsch and Kingston used as natural handholds. However, after ten feet they were climbing over smooth, bare rock. Barsch had never had vertigo, but as he climbed higher and higher with nothing but empty air beneath him he started to see why some of his former friends had had issues with heights. To Maloch's commendation, the tools worked remarkably well, and the ropes and picks performed their roles without problem. Maloch, far too heavy for ropes made of vines and wooden picks, instead used his titanic strength and multi-use, traction-designed hands to scale the canyon-wall unaided. He most likely would have overtaken his slower, only human cohorts, but his logic cores told him to stay at the rear, in case something went wrong. 
Aside from one or two minor slip-ups, the climb went remarkably well, until the sun moved into position directly facing the exposed climbers. Within minutes, they were consumed by an unbearable heat, which destroyed what remained of their already drained energy. Barsch could only wipe away the beads of sweat with his free hand and try to push on. Every movement brought his pack -and Lanista- crashing into his back, which served to further exacerbate his anger and frustration. However, he was helped in a small but significant way by his age, as his youth afforded him a measure of strength and endurance not ordinarily available; the absence of which was immediately apparent few feet above him. 
Kingston was breathing heavily by the time they neared the top of the canyon. His knees trembled with every step, and his clenched hands shook with the effort of holding on to the rope. The sun was beating down on his tired frame, and he was rapidly losing the strength to hold on. With fear in his voice, he called out to Barsch and tried to say something, but something made him pause mid-breath.
Barsch followed his gaze up in surprise, and was formulating a question when he saw it: a solitary, insignificant stone had come loose during the climb. It was barely bigger than his head, and on any other day would have elicited no comment, but on that day it became the most important thing in the world. Kingston had just seen it, and Barsch watched helplessly as it fell from its rocky perch. It bounced from ledge to ledge, any of which could have stopped it's disastrous path, but Fate guided it in its free-fall. 
“Kingston, watch out!” he screamed, somehow knowing what would happen next.
It was too late, as Barsch knew it would be. The stone from the gods impacted Kingston's anchoring pick with the force of destiny, ripping it from the canyon wall and flinging it to the abyss below. For a moment, Barsch hoped that the old man would somehow find a purchase in the rock and save himself, but his scrabbling fingers found no hold in the smooth rock. The old man was suddenly the highest priority on gravity's to do list, which It hurried to cross off. He fell, with nothing below but a swift and sudden end. Barsch could only marvel at how unlucky they were before his sub-conscious took over and uttered a scream of pain and loss.
It was, however, a tad bit too early, as Kingston defied both logic and physics in his non-existent fall. For an instant, Barsch thought that the old hermit had learnt how to fly in the millisecond before he was supposed to fall, but then he noticed something just beyond his field of vision. Turning his head he saw it, and immediately tears of joy rose unbidden. It was a glimmering, silver bracelet, which in turn was connected to a porcelain hand and a set of slender fingers. The fingers suddenly clenched, and Barsch got the impression that they were holding onto an invisible rope. Which, in turn, was tethering Kingston to the sky. Slowly the old man rose towards the canyon lip, dragged from death by the one he had wanted to leave behind.
It was a fight between gravity and will, and the owner of the physics defying fingers had long since proven which was stronger. 
Barsch was not psychic, but he had sense enough to know what would happen next. His suspicions were confirmed when a familiar face appeared over the lip of the cliff a moment later. Her eyes had taken on their now usual glow, and a corona of light extended down from her shoulder to her wrist. 
“Hurry up, I haven't got all day,” she said, each word strained.
As Kingston drew near him, Barsch reached out and grabbed hold of the old man’s arm, hauling him up the last few feet. He followed behind with the speed of the eager, and was soon sprawled out on the reassuringly solid roof of the canyon. Maloch arrived soon after, swinging himself up in a way that seemed almost natural.
“What happened to making your own way?” asked Barsch, once he had recovered his breath.
He could not see Alza’s face from where he lay, although he could not decide if that was a good or bad thing. After a short pause she answered, “I may have been… hasty… in my judgement. However, if your foolishness endangers me or my mission again, I will take my leave of you.”
“Noted…” replied Barsch, weakly. What else could he say?
A few seconds later a hand reached down to help him up. It was not pale and ringed by a silver bangle, as he had hoped. Instead it was weathered and covered in age spots, although the strength with which it hauled him to his feat was a reminder that appearances could lie. When he had finally recovered, he took his first look at their new surroundings. They were at the very edge of the canyon, with a short plateau ahead of them. Behind, the canyon stretched out for miles in all directions. 
In the distance was a desolate wasteland, pockmarked by craters and the burnt out husks of buildings. At the centre of the wasteland, a city was clearly visible. It was abandoned, that much was sure. Compared to Carçus, it was a ruin, populated by death and destruction. At its centre, and in some of the outlying suburbs, were strange forests of dull, violet crystals, which seemed to suck in the light around them. 
Barsch, not taking his eyes off the strange structures, asked, “What... what are they?”
Kingston looked to the crystals with despair in his eyes, and said, “They… they are what killed humanity...”
Meanwhile, in the ruins of the abandoned city, a beast caught a scent it had not held for many years: fresh meat. 


Chapter X: No Salvation
In which sacrifices are made...

An hour later, Barsch, Alza, Kingston and Maloch were struggling to climb down the steep path leading from the plateau to the ground below. The path was narrow and clustered with decaying roots and fetid weeds, which seemed to reach out  to ensnare all passer-byes. Twice, when his thoughts were elsewhere, Barsch almost fell, the tenacious plants wrapped firmly around his slender ankle. Kingston, who was used to travelling through harsh and unpredictable environments, encountered very little trouble. Alza gave the path a once-over, and then never looked at it again, though her nimble feet never so much as brushed a ensnaring plant. Maloch, of course, paid very little heed to what was beneath him, and his gargantuan feet crushed all flora that had the misfortune of being in his way. 
Alza took the time to reflect on her recent actions. She had intended to leave Barsch, Maloch and the hermit and go forward on her own, but something had drawn her back. As she strode confidently along the treacherous path, she tried to come up with a reason for what she had done, and what she had failed to do.
“Perhaps it was fear?” she thought, nimbly stepping around another creeper without noticing, “Was I afraid that I would be more vulnerable on my own? No. I know no fear. Compassion then? Did I feel responsible for their well-being? No. Their lives are their own, whatever fate befalls them does not concern me. Perhaps it was simply the most logical course to follow? Yes. I stand a better chance of reaching the madman in a group, which provides me with food and safety, than if I made my own way. That was all there was to it. It had nothing to do with compassion…” For the briefest instant her gaze alighted on Barsch’s broad back, as she simultaneously stumbled over a vine for the first time.
He looked back at the sound, curiosity and compassion exchanging places on his youthful features. “Are you okay back there, Alza?” he asked, radiating pure, honest concern.
She opened her mouth to silence him with a cold retort, but found that her voice had failed her. Instead, she meekly answered, “I’m fine…” which earned her another curious look from the boy in front of her. Mercifully she was saved from further questions by a well-placed plant, which caused Barsch to almost fall over. His embarrassment drove him forward, thankfully eliminating the conversation. 
Another hour went by, and the sun's lower edge began to brush against the horizon. An hour of slipping and sliding down the unpredictable path had finally yielded an end, and the ground soon levelled out. Although the lip of the canyon lay just a few hundred feet above their sweating foreheads, the landscape unfolding before them seemed to be from another world entirely. Dead, cracked trees littered the landscape, alongside thorn-veiled bushes and more moss than they knew what to do with. It was a wasteland of war and desperation, as it's numerous missile craters and crumbling ‘KEEP OUT’ signs made abundantly clear. In addition to the dilapidated land, the air had a heavy feeling, a kind of damp yet cold humidity that sunk into the bones and chilled the soul. A pervasive, acidic scent rounded off the cacophony of devastation, which Barsch thought smelt rather like an open grave. In the distance, covered by wreaths of off-colour plants and purple flowers, the abandoned city cowered. From what Barsch could see; very few buildings remained standing, and those that did looked as if a harsh breeze could topple them without effort. The streets were more vegetation than concrete, and the only light came from the strange violet crystals that had encircled the city. 
As for the crystals: Barsch had never seen anything like them, though he had heard of them, in another life. When he was but a child, he had overheard his father and another man discussing these forests of crystalline towers, which gave off a sickly light of their own. The other man had advised caution, and had stated that any who touched the crystals would go insane and die, and even those who kept their distance would experience horrifying visions. Barsch had not heard the rest, as at that moment his father had discovered his hiding place and hurriedly shooed him out of the building. Although he knew that he should probably heed the man's words of caution, Barsch could not help but feel excited, as he looked forward to discovering the truth of the strange structures. 
After a half-hour of walking through the rotting flora, Kingston advised a halt to their travels, and began searching for an adequate camp site. Barsch suggested a nearby grove of trees, but upon investigation, they were discovered to be filled with venomous Nightblighters. These small creatures looked like a cross between a scorpion, spider and centipede, and for good reason. They had been created in an age long forgotten, -historically as revenge against a harsh professor- a young student had spliced together the aforementioned arthropods and created a nightmare. They looked like long, segmented scorpions, with spider-like limbs and four crimson eyes. They were known to lie in wait and spin webs coated in a fast-acting neurotoxin, which would paralyse whoever had the misfortune of encountering it. Before the Great Sleep, the united governments of the world had assigned teams to root out nests and destroy them, though they had obviously reproduced and spread since humanity had slept. During the day, they were harmless, and could be found sleeping in their burrows, but during the night they became vicious predators.
After backing away very slowly from the nest, Kingston agreed to continue travelling until they were well beyond the range of the creeping death-bugs. He eventually stopped beside a large crater which, by the looks of it, had been formed by a particularly violent artillery strike. In the centre, a small lake had been created by decades of intermittent rainfall. Upon seeing the water, Barsch had almost rushed down the crater, but was stopped by a stern hand from Kingston and Maloch. At first he had not understood their apprehension, but after taking a second look at the liquid, he understood. The water bore the unmistakable sheen of pollution, a greasy, mauve coloured filth that bore death and illness. Instead, they made camp on the western edge, and watched as the fiery ball in the sky became a field of soft lights. 
*
With Maloch's always useful head-lamps and Kingston's multi-use solar staff, the were able to eat in the dying light. Dinner was a mixture of roots and leftover meat, which had come from the gracious cellar-stores of Wareven. After the meal, Kingston sat back against his rolled up greatcoat and gestured for Alza and Barsch to do the same. Maloch, who had been placed on watch duty, listened quietly just beyond the edge of the circle of light.
“In my day,” the elderly hermit began, “we were still being taught history in classrooms, and the threat of pollution had only just been realised. It was a year after the Creed Event, in which the largest city in the world, Pure, was destroyed in its entirety. The nations of the world were panicking, and thus they came together and proposed a plan. It was called the First Venetian Treaty, and it called for world peace.”
Kingston watched Barsch’s mouth open in slow motion. He knew what the youth was going to say. “I know, it sounds foolish, but that’s just an indication of how bad things were becoming. We had fought amongst ourselves since mankind had learnt how to sharpen a stick and poke it into his neighbour. But the pollution changed everything. We had a common enemy, a foe that followed no tenets, that had no reason to its actions. The Treaty was simple and to the point: stop fighting or die. Every country was to immediately stop all active conflicts, and all exclusive trade agreements were made illegal.”
Kingston’s eyes took on a faraway look and a small smile formed on his wrinkled face. “Over night, the world became a peaceful place, and war was a thing of the past. The Treaty also insured that the smartest and most capable men in the world would be able to gather together and think up a solution to the rising pollution problem. Many plans were drawn up, including Project Phoenix, Project Eden and Project Jericho, which all ultimately ended in failure. At the same time, a global organization, U.N.O.E, was created to oversee all anti-pollution developments. At first, things went well. Progress was made and the people became hopeful that the surge of pollutants would be stopped before the year was out.”
Kingston looked to the shining sky and breathed a deep sigh. Remembering such things always brought back his memories of his time in the South Wars. It had been a dark time for him, and he had returned home a shell of his former self. Pressing on through the bad memories, he continued in his historic recount, “As I was saying, things were going well at first. However, it soon became apparent that whatever the scientists were doing, it wasn't enough. Enormous swathes of land were being corrupted by the unstoppable onslaught, and people were dying in the thousands. Sickness, infertility, mutation, blindness, and death were the killing tools of the encroaching pollution clouds, which blighted the land wherever they formed. Soon, the nations began to close themselves off, and small wars broke out over unpolluted lands. To their credit, U.N.O.E tried to intervene, and keep the peace, but eventually they too fell prey to anarchy and chaos.”
The sadness was plain on his face now. Barsch had grown up in the aftermath of the war, so he had some idea of the atrocities that had taken place. However, he had never known the world before the fall. For a moment he wondered which was better: to live without knowing what had been lost, or to witness it first-hand. The former, he decided, a few seconds later.
Kingston continued, not noticing Barsch’s deep thoughts, “The world was consumed by a war, one unlike anything it had ever seen. Nation fought nation, city fought city, and man fought man. There were no rules, no mercy. It was kill or be killed, and everyone wanted the same thing: fertile land. The South Wars lasted for almost two decades, until at long last nature intervened and put an end to the foolishness of humanity. Without their realizing it, their weapons and warheads had destroyed what little they had had left, leaving nothing but devastation. The city before us is but one of hundreds to suffer such a fate.”
For the first time, Barsch's voice piped up, “What did they do then? The scientists I mean.” He already knew the answer, but for some reason he had to hear Kingston say it. The tale had to be told.
Kingston looked at him with pity in his eyes and replied, “They did what any reasonable adult would do when faced with the end of their world: they panicked. After the South Wars, the brutalized remnants of U.N.O.E got together and made the Second Venetian Treaty. Much like the first, it promised to end all conflicts, not that there was an army left on the planet that could wage another war. Instead of trying to accomplish a dozen of plans, they put all of their hope into the Cryogenesis Plan.”
“So your government, instead of trying harder to fix the problem, gave up and ran away to their safe and comfy Stations.” It took Barsch a moment to realise that Alza had spoken, and another to realise that there was disdain in her voice. He turned to look at her, but her face was hidden in shadow, and only her otherworldly eyes were discernible in the darkness. 
“What would you have done then?” asked Barsch, not wanting to miss an opportunity to encourage her to talk.
Alza took a step into the light, which both heightened and exaggerated her doll-like features at the same time. She looked like a beautiful princess, but at the same time her oddly coloured hair and enchanting powers made her look alien. Barsch knew that he was staring, but if Alza took offence, she did not show it. Instead, she said,  “If it were up to me, I would have stayed and tried everything, until either the pollution was gone, or humanity was no more.”
Kingston chose that moment to intervene, saying, “I know that what we did was wrong, but at the time, we simply could not see any other alternative. If they had listened to me, instead of shunning my work and demanding my exile, perhaps we would not be in this situation today.”
Barsch reached over and placed a strong hand on the old man's shoulder, whilst saying, “It's not your fault, Kingston. People are stubborn, but at the same time they are easily led. Give a nation a strong leader, and they will do whatever he wants, whether it's for good or not. The nations were just looking for the easy way out, and in the end, that's what the Cryogenesis plan was.”
“You say some wise things for one so young m'boy, but I still feel partially responsible. You say that people follow a strong man, but it's equally true that they will rebel if given the chance. If I had stayed and fought the plan, instead of running away to my exile, perhaps there would be more people like me. Maybe we would have found a solution that would bring joy to everyone. Unfortunately, we cannot live in a world of 'if I had' or 'I could have done something'. We have to live with the choices we make, whether we regret them later or not.”
Kingston's solar staff took that moment to dim, a sign of its failing battery. In an authoritative, no-nonsense voice, he firmly stated, “Alright, that's enough history for one night. We have a long day ahead of us, so I suggest we get some sleep. Good night.”
Regret was still showing on the hermit’s aged features as he laid down to rest. After putting away his things, Barsch followed suit. Alza looked at her strange companions for a while, her thoughts a jumbled, nonsensical mess. The girl who had found her way to that glade, the one who had decided to follow after a pair of strangers, felt a lifetime away. Who had she been? Why had she been alone when she met Barsch? If all the humans had been frozen five years before her birth, where had she come from? Did she have a family? Perhaps they were out there, somewhere, desperately searching for their missing daughter? Or perhaps they were dead, and she was alone in the world. She could not decide which thought was more terrifying. After a time, she too felt the pulls of fatigue, and sleep claimed her.
*
Where am I? The glade? The pod room? The mountain? The sea? The burning sands? I cannot tell. There is darkness here, but also light. However, the light here is like nothing I have ever seen before. It shimmers, in and out of existence. It has a deep, violet hue, which seems to suck in the surrounding darkness. It gives no warmth, but somehow, it feels comforting, as if the light is touching my soul directly.
 The landscape around me is in chaos, with broken buildings and rampant swathes of plants chocking the land. Death has walked here, though the marks left by the reaper have long since faded. Blood and oil, mixed together, provide a noxious yet sweet scent. The streets are lined with crumbling bones, many of which are covered in bullet sized holes. This is a place of destruction and anguish, though the planet has already started to erase all traces of the bloodshed that once occurred here. I am standing in a plaza of some sort, though it is impossible to know for sure. Before me lies a hollowed out fountain, atop which lies the ruins of a great fresco, which apparently once depicted a scene of men hunting wolves. The picture is painted in a way so as to create an illusion, and the scene changes to one of wolves hunting the men if the angle is changed by a fraction. 
Beneath the headache inducing work of art lies a bronzed plaque, which reads, “The Eternal Cycle of Predator and Prey.” Beside the fountain, a child's toy lies broken, it's once emerald surface stained with age-old blood. To my eyes, it is but a remnant of a violent past, but I know that it was once cherished and loved. Suddenly, a blood-curdling howl pierces the night. It awakens something that has been long buried by years of hardship and difficulty: fear. In my hand, bidden my memories of violence, is a blade of darkness and destruction. The last time I used it to slay a living beast, I almost lost myself to the rage. My hand trembles with the effort of holding such a despicable thing.
However, in my heart of hearts, I know that the blade is not the source of my anger. Buried deep within, past the fear and self-disgust, lies a beast of my own. Whenever the blood-letting begins, it rears its ugly head and roars with blood-lust. It is then, when the fear of death and the fear of life have reached an equilibrium, the   beast strikes. It takes hold of my limbs, and forces me to scream in unison as it carves a path through my soul. It saves me from the fear, but at the same time it destroys my mind.
And when the red mist clears, and the fear recedes, the beast leaves. Always peacefully, always patient. I can feel it's excitement, it's wanting. It knows, that one day I will ask it to stay, and when I do, It will say, “Now, the violence becomes you.” Back in the plaza, if that is what it is, the howl has grown closer. Lanista is heavy in my hand, as it pleads with me to let the killing begin. I throw it to the floor, self-hatred my most powerful weapon against the temptation of violence. I run, in fear and despair, as the beast and the howl chase me into the cold darkness.  
*
Lying a few feet from his troubled head, Kingston was having a troublesome dream of his own. 
“Good day Mr Kingston. Please step right this way.” The man standing by the open door is wearing the black and gold of the military, as well as several pounds worth of badges and commendations. He is a short man, yet he wears pride like others would wear clothes, which makes him seem several feet taller than he actually is. His commanding presence is born from a mixture of fear and respect. That is to say, if you hold one you most likely hold the other. 
By comparison, my attire and attitude is shoddy to say the least. I am still wearing my brown overalls from my third job, and I can feel the disapproving looks from the other people in the line. The walls of the recruitment office have been covered in posters, all of which read, “Protect the peace. Come and join the army, and make a difference.”
I have heard all of the slogans, and read all of the pamphlets. The people behind me have different reasons for being here. Some have come for glory, others for honour. Some were told by loved one's that there is no greater service than to fight for one's country. And still others were drawn here by the scent of violence, for them war is but a playground, in which to fulfil their dangerous desires. As for me? I stand here not for glory or the promise of violence, but out of obligation. All it took for me to sign up was the teary plea of my friend's mother, who only wanted me to look after her “Angelic little darling, who was tricked into enlisting by those conniving government officials.”
Little did she know that that same, 'angelic' son had signed up of his own accord, without provocation or persuasion. He had always been a violent man, whom unfortunately I had the misfortune of knowing. He had joined up to kill and loot, but I was still to go with him, to ensure he would return home without a “single hair out of place.” Snapping back to reality, I move towards the open door, while the military man nods in eager anticipation of a new meat shield to occupy the front-lines.
I have no illusions about the carnage that is war, as my father had raised me to think for myself, and see beyond what was shown. Thanks to these traits, I had become known as a level-headed young lad, which eventually led to my current situation. The man is talking now, about the valour which is needed for war, and how courageous I am for enlisting. I know for a fact that you don't need valour or courage to hold a gun and end a life, though stupidity seems to help quite a bit. Despite my internal disagreement, I nod and shake his cold hand, my earnest façade slipping not an inch. He hands me a letter of acceptance, and tells me to report to the transport plane with all haste. I ask, “But what about my training?” and he just laughs and says, “You don't need any training to fight!” Before I leave, he looks at me and says, “You should go and say goodbye to your parents, before it's too late.” With the barest beginnings of tears filling my eyes, I say, “It's already too late.” 
*
In a surprising concurrence, Alza was also experiencing a dream, though in this case, 'nightmare' is rather more apt.   
The world is dark. For as far as I can see, there is nothing but darkness. The nothingness takes away the light and the heat, leaving me cold and blind. I can feel a presence, somewhere out there in the void. I let the feeling pull me closer, towards heat. Towards life.
I can see a multitude of swirling spheres, nestled in the darkness. As the orbs glide closer I can see that they shimmer and shine with an iridescent light. Inside, I can see movement and glorious sound. Two of the spheres detach from the rest. One is a pale gold, with silver streaks, whilst the others is two tone: half is sapphire, half is emerald. In the golden sphere I see a man in a building. He is not meant to be there. In his future, I can see carnage and bloodshed, and he marches towards it with grim determination.
The other sphere calls to me, in a voice so melodic, so pure, it is impossible to resist. Within, I catch glimpses of a broken city, filled with unfulfilled dreams and fractured hopes. There is a man at the centre of the sphere, cradling a black blade which whispers to him of violence and rage. Behind him, a red-eyed beast waits in eager anticipation, as it's unaware prey continues to bicker with the contorting sword. I reach out to the conflicted man, feeling a bond form between us.
A violet, pulsing thread appears from within my chest, and weaves its way into the entrancing sphere. As it touches the man, both the sword and the beast disappear. He slumps to his feet, breathing a sigh of relief. Slowly, as if it were nothing more than a transient illusion, the sphere fades away. I turn towards the golden sphere, and find that it too has vanished. Once more, I am alone in the darkness. I close my eyes and envision the spheres, picturing them in my mind. Slowly, I feel the power within me begin to awaken, as it slowly rises to the surface of my sub-conscious.
It fills me with the light and warmth that I have been so desperately searching for. I open my eyes, and stare in amazement. Around me, given form by the power dwelling within, is a sphere of purest violet. Within the florescent orb, images begin to appear, which become more real as I embrace them.
 SLUMBER.
I am in a forest, not of trees but of light. Soft, amethyst light which sings to me and resonates with my core. The darkness is gone, as if it had never been. Before me lies a crystal, taller than two men and half as wide. From within its depths, a light pulses in erratic beats, as if it is uncertain of its existence. Around me, more crystals appear, encircling me in a cathedral of light. The air is cold, unnaturally so, but my chest feels warm. I can see a shadow of my reflection on the crystal's clear-cut surface: a slender girl with flowing white hair and piercing magenta eyes which speak of mystery and magic.
I reach out with an ivory-white hand to the strange figure, who perfectly copies my motion. At the boundary of her crystal prison, our mirrored hands become one. As my fingers touch the pulsating glass, a ripple spreads outwards from the impact point. It radiates and rebounds, each action producing a clear, loud note of purest audio-logical delight. From within the beautiful shard, a new shape is forming. 
My shadowed reflection begins to twist and turn, it's ivory hair absorbing the surrounding darkness until it returns as an auburn haired goddess. Her figure is still slender, but slightly more plump in some areas, and less so in others. I watch as her shining violet eyes dim and are replaced by a wise amber, which, upon closer inspection, are dotted with blue flecks. She is alien to me, but at the same time, she feels like a long forgotten sister.
With effort, she steps out of the confining crystal, her reality replacing mine with every step. Around me, the forest of shards dissolves, leaving me in a chaotic swirl of thoughts and emotions. Fear, happiness, loss, and love deliver glancing blows to my breaking psyche, each imparting a moment of feeling. I cry whenever loss touches my cheek, and howl with laughter when happiness brushes my lips. Fear sends me reeling backwards, an anger creates a rictus which distorts my features. 
But love... love is the hardest to bear. A love that was never realised. A love that was unreturned. A love that ended with loss. A love that will never be again. A love that breaks my heart. And a love that rebuilds it. These foreign emotions continue to bombard me, despite my desperate pleas for mercy. The amber-eyed girl is standing before me, watching the assault with a sad smile on her face. 
With a weary voice, she says, “Alza, it is not yet time for you to remember me. I hope that you will come back when you are stronger. I hope you find what you are looking for.” The strange girl vanishes into the darkness, along with the attacking emotions. With her gone, I feel an unusual sense of loss, but I am cheered by the fact that I will meet her again. To the encroaching darkness I say, “I will return one day. I will find what I'm looking for.”
*
The rising sun's light was Barsch's first greeting of the day, followed by a cheery “Good morning!” from Kingston. Alza had already risen, and was nowhere to be found. Before Barsch had time to begin panicking, Maloch appeared and informed him that she had gone to pick breakfast, and would return shortly. 
A few feet from the camp, they found a small groundwater pool. After running a full set of analytical tests via Maloch's built in software, it was declared safe for consumption. They quickly drank and filled their water bottles, before each was allowed a five minute bath. As Barsch sat in the cold water, he thought on the nature of dreams, and how strange his had been since he met Alza. 
Thinking back, he realised that he had had similar dreams when he was a very young child, but they had faded over time, as he had become more mature. However, the dreams he held now were far more dark than the dragons and knights conjured by his younger self. He could never quite remember all of his dreams, but what he could recall sent chills of fear throughout his chest. Recollections of violet eyes crying crimson tears, and of beasts that dwelt within. 
He briefly considered telling Kingston of his dream about the broken  plaza, but decided against it, knowing that the old man probably wouldn't understand. Remembering back, he recalled his father calling dreams, “Our fears and hopes given form.” If that was the case, then he must have a great deal of fear lying beneath his waking thoughts. He was jolted out of his peaceful reflection by a soft yet firm voice saying, “Your time is up.” 
Startled, he spun around to face the voice, and blushed when he saw Alza standing a few feet from the pool. “Alza! What are you doing?” he said whilst hurriedly trying to cover himself. After making sure that he was quite decent, he eased his body out of the shallow pool. During the whole ordeal, Alza had not once showed signs of discomfort, nor had she made any effort to avert her pretty eyes from his embarrassed visage. Sliding towards where he had left them, he recovered his clothes and dressed with the speed of the terminally distressed, while Alza continued her impassive stare.
“It is my turn to bathe. Kingston asked me to get you.”
Barsch suddenly remembered the mischievous look the old hermit had had in his eye when they had first found the pool. “I'm sure he bloody well did. That meddling old coot!”
“Is there a problem?” Her voice was still cold, but to Barsch it seemed slightly warmer than before. Still, anything was better than a mocking tone.
“No! No... I'll be ready in a sec.”
Alza took a step towards the already panicking young man and said, “Very well.” Without waiting for him to gather his things, she sat down and began undoing the laces on her fine boots. In response, he gave a squawk of embarrassment and tried to quickly leave the area. He was temporarily conflicted, as his teenage hormones battled against his long instilled sense of chivalry, with the decider being Alza's calm stare that  promised a cold rebuke if he overstayed his welcome. He left to the sound of her attacking the laces on her dress, and, in a moment of insight, knew that his all of his dreams in the near-future would be re-enactments of this moment.
After Barsch had left, Alza quietly slipped into the refreshing pool. She brought a hand up to her cheek and was surprised to find heat. With a start, she realised that she had been blushing, the realisation of which was strangely accompanied by a mental image of the amber-eyed girl. She dunked her silver hair beneath the cold water, trying to clear her head from thoughts of Barsch and the mystery girl. 
*
Back at the camp-site, Barsch was greeted by a very amicable Kingston, wearing a grin that stretched from ear to ear. 
“Not funny,” he said, sitting beside Kingston.
“Hah! You need to live a little, m'boy.”
“If something like that happens again, living longer will become a challenge!”
“Don't worry m'boy, I knew that you wouldn't do anything foolish... well, I hoped you wouldn't.”
“Thanks for the confidence.” Barsch said dryly. 
“You're welcome. Embarrassing encounters aside, we are wasting daylight. We should get a move on. Now do you want to go and tell your little friend or should I ask Maloch?”
Kingston took Barsch storming off as his answer, and proceeded to ask Maloch to call Alza. A few minutes later, she reappeared, causing Barsch to suddenly sprout a luminescent blush when she looked in his direction. As soon as he did this, she turned away, a mirror of Barsch's blush lighting up her delicate features, to her understandable confusion. The awkward silence was only cleared when Maloch and Kingston gathered up the last remaining packs and headed away from the crater. 
The wasting country-side was no less despair-inducing during the day, and the light only served to exacerbate the decimation of nature that had occurred there. Barsch winced whenever his eyes fell upon a mangled copse of trees or a vile bog, as if the tortured landscape was a personal offence. The scene did not improve much as they journeyed further, and the destruction only increased as they approached the nameless city. In fact, the path forward became harder and more convoluted as they neared their destination.
 The undergrowth had been treacherous to begin with, but it had not reached almost impassable levels. Thorn-barbed plants and sickle-sharp leaves blocked every route, cutting and spiking while doing so. After an hour of traversing through the impossible vegetation, the entire group -with the sole exception of Maloch- was covered in multitudes of scratches and cuts. The joviality seen that morning had evaporated like the morning mist, leaving behind a tense silence. 
Before long they reached an impasse, which took the form of a massive bog. It lay between them and the city, and was bordered on either side by Nightblighter-infested woods. To go around would take hours, and would invariably be more dangerous. Thus, they decided to wade through the marsh, and pray that no lurking horrors would assault them from the murky depths. With trepidation, Barsch inched forward towards the swamp, ready for anything waiting beneath the nefarious waters.
Using Lanista to measure the depth of the sludge, and finding it to be acceptable, he called for the others to follow behind. The first step into the dark sludge brought a sudden chill, as if the cold water had sent an icy shiver into his heart. It was as if the bog was devoid of heat and warmth, replaced by deadened nothingness. An unbidden gasp escaped his chapped lips after the first submerged branch caught his leg, and only a quick realisation of his foolishness prevented further outbursts. 
The way forward was tough due to all of the impediments hidden beneath the mud, and Kingston's almost continuous grumbling did little to lighten the situation. Alza remained tight-lipped, though she too looked unhappy with their current circumstances. Only Maloch, a fortress of patience and congeniality, remained pleasant to be around. The sky seemed to reflect the mood: a dark and twisted dome wreathed with sombre clouds and mystifying mist. Despite his earlier preparation against the sudden entangling presence beneath the sludge, Barsch was still caught off guard by the frequency of the attacks. As they slowly made their way through the bog, a strange thought presented itself to his miserable sub-conscious.
“Kingston, is it just me... or does the shape of this bog strike you as... odd?” he asked, hoping that Kingston would tell him otherwise. The alternative was too horrible to imagine.
Kingston looked up from his melancholic stride and gave the swamp a quick once-over. At first, nothing seemed out of the ordinary, and he dismissed Barsch's comment as baseless paranoia, but something at the base of one of the trees caught his attention. He knew that it was most probably a trick of the failing light, or his old eyes seeing things, but nevertheless he moved towards it. At the same time, Barsch had been looking for more things out of place, and had found plenty. Aside from the shape of the bog -an oblong shape about a hundred feet across and three and a half feet deep- the plants around the water had roots that resembled fingers and arms. Additionally, the putrid smell he had only just managed to get out of his mind was suspiciously like the one given off my rotting meat, though it was muted, as if something had diluted it. 
“Um... Kingston... I don't mean to be a bother... but I don't think this is a bog...” 
“I think you might just be right about that m'boy.” Kingston had been facing away from Barsch, inspecting the oddly shaped object at the base of one of the trees. He turned back towards to Barsch, holding what was unmistakably a body part. Barsch's breath caught when he realised that it was a half-rotten hand, a grimy wedding ring present and a body absent. 
“What is this place?” he asked with a soft voice. The horror was there, but he refused to acknowledge it yet.
“A product of the war... we're standing in a mass grave, filled up by years of mud and rain. When the first bombs were dropped, and the first human voice was silenced, these pits were made and filled. Soon after that the dead started to outnumber the living.”
“What should we do? Turn back or press forward?” Barsch wanted nothing more than to turn back and leave the corpse infested waters, but they were already halfway across. Turning back would only grant them temporary relief. Sooner or later they would have to cross.
Kingston looked to Alza and Maloch, noting their placid glazes, and said, “We've come too far, we might as well carry on, even though it may leave a bad taste.”
Carefully, Kingston placed the hand back where he found it, muttering an oath about, “Defiling the lost,” as he did so. 
Barsch tried not to think about what he was wading through, and instead allowed his thoughts to drown out his disgust. “So much killing... so much death... families destroyed... lives taken, all because of selfishness. It makes me sick to my stomach that a human being could be capable of such... repulsive behaviour. Did they never stop to think of what they were losing, of what was being destroyed forever? No... they were just thinking of themselves, of their own petty greed, and their own survival.”
“You don't seem too upset, given our current situation. Is there a reason for your calm behaviour?”
For a moment, Barsch thought that he was still hearing his inner voice, but  then he realised that it had been Alza, who had moved closer and was looking at him with those strange, penetrating eyes. 
“What do you  mean?” he hesitantly asked.
“If I am not mistaken, the old one announced that we are wading through a place of the dead. I am curious as to why you seem so composed.” 
Barsch thought of her words, and realised that what she had said was the truth. From the moment Kingston had told them, he had felt no disgust, only unease, at being surrounded by the dead. He knew that he would have been revolted before the Great Sleep, but he simply could not make himself feel revulsion for their situation. With a straight face, he replied, “I guess I've just gotten used to it... All the violence in the world, and still no one does a thing to stop it... It's infuriating, but there's nothing I can do... not when I'm so powerless.”
Alza seemed to study Barsch for a moment, searching for the truth in his green-blue eyes, before replying, “So you desire power? Power to rid the world of violence? And how do you intend to find this power?” 
This was their longest conversation to date, and Barsch would not let it end, even if in truth he wanted to avoid the subject.
While thinking of an answer, he thought of his dreams of anger and hatred. He thought of his sin on that unforgettable night, of the cries of the dying cóyotl. He had had power that night, a power of violence and destruction. “To fight violence with greater violence... that will create nothing by a cycle of anger and death.”
“I don't know. I don't know if it's even possible to rid this scarred world of the violence that created it, but I still want to try. Perhaps... if I find an answer, I'll let you know.”
“You speak with words that do not match your age. Why?” What was she thinking, behind those shimmering eyes. What was she trying to find out? As always, she was unreadable, and her motives lay hidden from him.
“I guess you could say that my father was a big influence on my life. He taught me so many things... even though he should have been worrying about his own well-being.”
They had reached the last quarter of the mass grave, and the conversation had kept Barsch from noticing the odd preserved corpse knocking against his leg, or a severed hand touching his chest. Barsch realised that their conversation was the only thing keeping him from screaming and trying to flee. 
“My mother passed away when I was young, and he never forgave himself. From when I was old enough to talk, he started teaching me everything he knew, maybe as a way for him to gain repentance. He always blamed himself for her death, you see? And he was determined to not lose me as well. So he wanted to prepare me for the world, as best he could. He taught me how to defend myself, how to adapt to any situation, and how to always stay positive. His favourite thing to say to me, when he thought that I was losing hope, was:
“Through Fire,
Through Ice,
Through Deepest Despair,
Never lose your stride.”
Whenever I think of those words, It's almost as if I can feel him, standing beside me, urging me to stand up and continue moving forward”
“What happened to him, your father?”
“When we were being prepared for cryogenesis, we were all separated, so I don't know where he is. I can only hope that he will be there waiting for me when everyone wakes up.” Barsch thought of what he had said, and felt guilty. He had someone waiting for him, but Alza had no-one, no-one that she remembered at any rate. Still, he reached out and said, “Have you had any luck in remembering? Has anything come back to you? Your home? Parents? Friends? Anything?”
When she didn't answer, Barsch wondered if he had said something wrong, if he had crossed some invisible line by prying into her forgotten past. She alleviated his worries by saying, in a quiet, almost inaudible voice, “When I close my eyes, and concentrate on my memories, I can see... shards... pieces of memory with no context or connections. It feels as though my brain is one big puzzle, and If I could just solve it then everything would come rushing back.” Alza took a breath and raised her voice, saying in a firm tone, “But there is one feeling that never wavers, that never disappears... my home... the place of my birth... is a very bad place.” 
“Alza, I had no idea... I'm-
“We're here.” It was Kingston, climbing out of the far side of the bog with a look of relief plastered across his aged features. With his elderly yet firm arms, he helped Barsch and Alza out of the watery grave. They stood there for a moment, letting the cool wind dry their skin; while giving a silent requiem for those that lay hidden from the world, never to feel the warmth of the sun again. Soon, the moment passed, and they carried onwards to the foreboding city.
*
The land after the bog changed very little, aside from a minor temperature drop, as if the crystals ahead were stealing the warmth and returning cold.  Barsch barely noticed the chill, his mind still lost in the conversation with Alza. “Her home is a bad place? What does that mean? Exactly how much does she really remember... and how much is she keeping from us?”
Barsch's mind refused to yield an answer, so he returned to the world -fluctuating temperatures and all- and re-joined Kingston. The hermit had been scouting the path ahead, and had happily reported that no more concealed mass graves or bogs lay in their way. However, he had seen a strange spire in the distance, and wanted to check it out. The suggestion garnered no complaints, so they set out for the structure. 
Barsch's initial observation of the change in temperature seemed to have small-minded, as the cold began to seep into their bones at an alarming speed. Considering they had just been in a desert and scorched canyon, the sudden chill was unannounced and unwelcome. The sullen sun continued to sink deeper, as it's eternal trajectory heralded the coming darkness. Barsch had witnessed the celestial repetition too many times to give it much notice, but something in the sky made him glance upwards. 
For an instant, he thought that there had been a figure floating in the air; a figure cloaked in darkest black, with hair like dried blood and eyes that bore nothing but emptiness. An unseen rock caught his ankle, making him glance down in surprise. By the time his vision returned to the sky, the figure was gone, causing him to question whether it had all been a figment of his imagination. 
Eventually, the fetid landscape gave way to desolate wastes, with stinking pools of foul liquid dotting the fields. Fissures scarred the earth and noxious plumes plagued the heavens, which had grown dark with pollution and smog. A half-buried missile, it's exposed surface covered in a myriad of fist-sized holes -which looked as though they had been designed to emit a vapour of some sort- lay in the centre of the wastes; a tombstone for the dying land. 
Surrounding the wasted earth were bountiful yet dangerous forests, which suggested that the missile had only affected a small area, and that the contamination had not spread far. It was yet another reminder of the atrocities that had once befallen the nearby city, and the world, in the name of greed and preservation. In the distance, the strange spire was a silhouette in the fading light of dusk, reminding the weary travellers that the night was far colder and filled with unseen dangers, and that they should be on their way post-haste. 
After another hour of traversing the decrepit landscape, the group reached the base of the spire. It measured at least fifty feet in height, with a rectangular base which soared upwards before tapering into a triangular point. The base was around ten feet wide, and each side was covered in indecipherable carvings, which had been worn away by decades of exposure and acidic rainfall. 
On the western face there was a carving that was still decipherable, though the writing below it was beyond hope. The carving was of a single, enlarged eye, surrounded by a field of crooked crosses that appeared to have been added on as an afterthought. The iris of the eye had once been painted, but now only smudges of crimson and violet colouring remained, streaking down as if the eye was crying multi-coloured tears. The sight sparked a feeling of recollection in Barsch's mind, but it was vague and fleeting, and was soon gone. Kingston, who had begun circling the spire the moment they arrived, his eyes bright with scientific curiosity, had finally made a revolution and proceeded to explain his findings.
“Well, It looks like what we have here is a war memorial, and an old one at that. I have seen this kind of architecture before, but only in books about mythology, never in real life. It seems as though the civilization that ruled this land millennia ago bore witness to a great calamity, that in turn sparked a decade-long war that scattered the populace far and wide. Those who remained built this spire as a means of remembrance for what had been lost.”
“I'm amazed that you figured all of that out from mere scribbles.”
“Anything is possible with the right tools and skills, and in my studies as a young man I happened to work with a man who loved history. He had travelled the length and breadth of the cultured world and had found many similar relics that all depicted the cataclysm in one way or another. He posited that there was once a single, unified civilization that ruled over the entirety of the planet, and that they were in turn ruled over by divine beings who personified nature itself.”
It was then that Barsch recalled a vision from one of his many otherworldly dreams: a vision of a man, or god, that had ruled over a nation until his sudden departure, which caused the nation to tear itself apart. The man had looked suspiciously like Terra, which caused a tentative theory to form in Barsch's curious mind. Storing the hypothesis away for a later date, he instead asked a question that had been on his mind since he first saw the ocular carving.
“Kingston, did any of the relics have any carvings like that?” he said, while pointing to the anomaly in question. 
Kingston, in turn, approached the relief and spent a few minutes examining it's deteriorated façade, before replying, “It seems as though the eye was carved into the spire fairly recently, possibly in the last fifty years, judging by how much paint still exists. I don't think I've ever seen this symbol in any of my books, which is surprising, as it definitely feels familiar. In addition, the way the crosses are arranged in a circular pattern around the eye makes me think that this was meant to be an omen of some kind; one that brought death and destruction to those who ignored it.” 
Throughout his speech, Kingston had very carefully avoided looking at Alza, or more specifically, her enchanting eyes, and she acted in kind by not mentioning his avoidance. Barsch wanted to think that the carving that heralded destruction and Alza's unique eyes had little to do with each other, but he had seen first-hand what she could do, and the connection was made. 
“I don't want to bother you, but I have finished my scan of the spire, as you instructed earlier.” 
Maloch's voice was a surprise, given that he had said almost nothing all day, save for affirming Kingston's earlier request to scan the structure. Without stopping, he continued his report.
“After analysing the entire structure, I have come to a similar conclusion regarding the memorial nature of this structure, however, I have uncovered something else. Below the eye, there exists another carving, which has been all but erased. I have been able to partially rebuild it, and will project it with your permission?”
“Go ahead Maloch, and… you don't have to ask us every-time you want to do something, okay?” said Kingston, with an air of concern.
“I am afraid that my programming insists on gaining approval for every non-basic action, lest I over-step my bounds and cause harm or discomfort. Coding matters aside, I will now proceed to project the uncovered image.”
'Image' turned out to be something of a misnomer, as it was mainly text with a small picture below the words. The words in question were arranged in the following way: 
LET THIS SPIRE FOREVER HOLD THIS WARNING, UNTIL THE STARS BURN OUT AND THE LAND LIES IN RUIN.
ON THIS DAY, IN A SECLUDED PLACE FAR FROM PRYING EYES, THE MOST NOBLE AND INSIGHTFUL SAGE HAS RECEIVED A VISION OF CALAMITY.
THE WORDS HE SPOKE, AS THE FEROCITY OF THE VISION RACKED HIS BODY, WERE BUT INCOMPREHENSIBLE PORTENTS, WITHOUT MEANING OR REASON.
HOWEVER, AS THE VISION REACHED ITS CLIMAX AND THE GREAT SAGE THREW HIMSELF TO THE FLOOR, HE CRIED OUT IN A VOICE OF PUREST TERROR.
HE SAID, WITH TEARS STREAMING DOWN HIS FACE, “HE COMES, HE COMES, AND HIS WRATH SHALL BE WITHOUT END! HIS EYES ARE LIKE WINDOWS INTO HELL, BEREFT OF MERCY AND COMPASSION! HIS HAIR IS FLAME, HIS SKIN THE PALENESS OF THE DEAD! HE SHALL BE CLOAKED IN DARKNESS AND LIGHTNING, AND SHALL SUMMON A STORM THAT WILL WIPE THE WORLD CLEAN! HE COMES, HE COMES, HE COMES TO WELCOME US INTO OBLIVION. HE COMES, HE COMES, AND MAY THERE BE ETERNAL SORROW FOR ANY WHO STAND AGAINST HIS UNRELENTING FURY!”
AT THIS, THE TERROR-STRICKEN SAGE SLUMPED WHERE HE LAY, HIS STRENGTH DRAINED AND HIS SOUL SCARRED. WITH THE LAST OUNCE OF HIS ENERGY, HE CALLED OUT IN A FEEBLE VOICE, SAYING, “BEFORE HIS RISE, HE WILL SEND A CHAMPION TO CLEAR THE WAY. HIS CHAMPION WILL HAVE BUT AN OUNCE OF HIS STRENGTH, YET HE WILL STILL BURN THE WORLD IF LEFT UNCHALLENGED. HE COMES TO FORGE A PATH OF BLOOD AND DESPAIR FOR HIS MASTER, AND HE WILL BEAR THE SIGN OF THE DAMNED...”
IT WAS THEN THAT SLEEP FINALLY TOOK THE GREAT SAGE, LETTING HIM REST FROM HIS ORDEAL. ALMOST IMMEDIATELY, WE SENT OUT SOME OF OUR NUMBER TO SPREAD THIS FORETELLING TO THE UNWARY PEOPLES OF THE WORLD, WHILE I WENT TO COMFORT THE FALLEN SAGE. WHEN MOVING HIM TO HIS BED, I NOTICED SOMETHING CARVED INTO THE FLOOR. IT WAS AN EYE, SCRATCHED INTO THE STONE BY THE SAGE'S FINGERS DURING HIS FRENZY. HIS SPILT BLOOD HAD FILLED UP THE EYE TILL IT HAD OVERFLOWN, AND THE BLOOD RAN FROM THE EYE IN WAVES OF CRIMSON TEARS. 
I HID THIS SYMBOL FROM THE OTHERS, THOUGH I DO NOT KNOW WHY. IT'S MERE EXISTENCE BRINGS ME TO TEARS WHENEVER I THINK OF IT, SO I ERASED IT FROM EXISTENCE, BUT EVEN NOW I FEEL IT CALLING TO ME, UNBIDDEN. I CAN FEEL MY HANDS MOVING AGAINST MY WILL, CARVING THE DREADED SYMBOL INTO THE SPIRE, UNTIL MY HANDS ARE DARK WITH BLOOD.
LET ANY WHO FIND THIS SPIRE HEED THIS WARNING. IF THE CHAMPION WHO WALKS BENEATH THIS SIGN DOES NOT FALL, HE WILL OPEN THE WAY FOR HIS MASTER, WHO WILL REDUCE ALL THE WORLD TO ASH. 
LET THIS SPIRE FOREVER HOLD THIS WARNING, UNTIL THE LIGHT FADES AND THE SEAS TURN TO FLAME.
Beneath the blood-chilling words, there lay a single, crudely carved eye. Old blood had once filled it's indentation, until it spilled forth and ran down in crimson tears. Barsch had no doubt this time around, and his mind readily reminded him of all of his crimson-tear infused dreams. In all of those strange dreams, it had been Alza who had brought forth the prophetic tears. Unconsciously, Barsch moved a few feet away from her, even though that meant approaching the eerie words. Kingston appeared to have had the same realisation, as he too kept his distance from their only female companion. 
“I think... I think we should forget about these words for now. Worrying about them won't do anyone any good. Maloch, would you please end the projection? Thank you. Now, I think we should stop here for today. It's been quite an eventful day and I think we'll need all of our strength tomorrow. Maloch, could you go and collect some firewood? Barsch, would you mind searching the area for some clean water, while I find us some food?” Barsch silently thanked Kingston for his understanding. A few words on a spire did not change anything. And there was no proof that the warning had anything to do with Alza… right?
After everyone had departed to fulfil their assignments, Alza -who had been asked to patiently wait for their return- approached the spire. Placing a slender hand on the memorial, she began to trace the outline of the eye carving with an errant finger. It had been inscribed with so much ferocity, Alza could practically feel destiny and fate warping around it's stone sides. On a whim, she tried to summon forth the power that lay in wait in her sub-conscious.
A few seconds passed with nothing happening. It was not the first time she had failed to reach it, and she knew that it would not be the last. It was almost as if the power were alive, and was following its own rules of when to be caught and when to elude capture. If she had been in possession of normal emotions, she no doubt would have felt frustration, but she was not and thus did not. Instead, she merely gave a sigh and turned away from the prophecy-covered structure. 
In time, the others returned, each having had varying levels of success with their tasks. Barsch had managed to find water that was not wholly unclean, and which would be safe for consumption after a few minutes of boiling. Maloch, on the other-hand, had had rather more success, as the woods surrounding the spire were rich in branches that just screamed to be made into firewood. Whereas Kingston returned with almost nothing of edibility, he made up for it in his discovery of a path through the forests that wholly circumnavigated the treacherous wastes that had impeded their progress throughout much of the day. Despite not having found any live food, the elderly hermit had managed to gather an abundance of fruits and berries, which he assured the wary party were edible and, while not decadent, would stay down. 
After a healthy yet unfulfilling feast besides the roaring fire, the group decided to turn in. Barsch, trying to show himself and the others that he trusted Alza, deliberately made his bed near to her own, an action that she ignored in its entirety. As they were all readying themselves for the rigours of sleep, an unusual sound broke the silence of the night.
It was a deep, solitary howl, that seemed to go on for some time, and appeared to have originated from the ruins of the nearby city. It was a dreadful thing, full of anger and bloodlust. 
Somehow Barsch knew that whatever had made the dread-sound was waiting for them. He did not know what it was, but he could almost feel it’s anticipation as they drew closer to its home. They could do nothing but sit there, in the darkness, and listen to the howl of the waiting beast. With confusion in his heart and doubt in his head, Barsch fell asleep, as silence reclaimed the night.
*
Day. Night. Dawn. Dusk. Sleep comes. Sleep goes. All things have a beginning and an end. Some things exist for what seems like an eternity, while others live only for a moment. Hopes. Dreams. Fears. Doubts. All can last a lifetime, or die in an instant.
The scene is different. The feeling of loss is always the same. The spire stands before me, ascending to the blackened clouds in defiance of the destruction around it. Time passes, calamities befall the world, each one worse than the last. Humanity picks up the shattered pieces of culture again and again, with a perseverance that defies expectation. Nations rise, nations fall...yet still the spire stands tall.
People come from across the seas to study it, to puzzle out it's mysteries, as time erodes it's message. Wars are fought over it. Wars are fought because of it. False champions are accused, and false champions are brought down by words and swords. Blood seeps into the ground as the frenzy takes hold. After an age of violence and suspicion, a brave soul covers the accursed words with the dreaded symbol, in hopes that the warning will survive even if the words are no more. With the prophecy concealed, peace reigns, until the Great War washes away all legacies and warnings.
TREMBLE.
A deranged howl breaks the dream, splitting the sky and calling forth crimson lightning. The beast is made manifest, it's blood-red eyes staring hungrily into my soul. I am standing in the plaza, the broken city surrounding me. The beast waits for me at its centre. I can feel it’s mind… it’s hunger. It wants to devour me, body and soul, and yet something holds it back. It has never felt fear in its blood-filled life, yet that is what it feels now. There are worse things than death. The words of its master. The one who breathes fear and speaks poison. 
It takes a step forward. It is a proud beast, and will not yield easily.
“No, not yet.”
The beast recoils as if struck. It was wrong, it was so wrong. It could never resist. Never fight back. The master held its soul in his pale fingers… if it disobeyed…
There are worse things than death.
TREMBLE.
He stands before me, beside the beast. His form is indistinct, as if reality is still deciding whether or not to allow him to exist. Despite the obscurity, his grey, soulless eyes cut through the mist that is his visage. Wherever he steps, lightning strikes and hope dies. When he raises his hand, nation’s burn and seas froth. He is evil personified. He is death incarnate. I try and tear my eyes away from his image, but he calls out my name. “Barsch. Why do you resist? Surely you must know that your fate is inescapable? My words are true, my power undeniable. Although I would find no greater joy than in ending your pitiful existence with my own hands, I have promised my champion that glory. Your friends, your meddlesome guardians, cannot save you. Flee or face me, your end is guaranteed. Now run coward, so that I might garner some amusement from your fear!” 
He was right. Every word he spoke was the truth. In my heart, I knew it to be true. I could not fight him. I could not even hope to escape him. With terror overtaking my mind, I turn my back to him and run for my life. With the last dredges of my sanity slipping away, I hear him turn to the beast and say, “Kill him...”
*
Sleep left Barsch with little effort, so happy was he to be free of his dreams. With youthful vigour, he leapt to his feet and began to rouse the others. Kingston had evidently not slept, as his eyes were dark and his voice was hoarse. Maloch had recharged his power cells, and was his usual self. Alza, on the other hand, awoke with an expression that said that she too had not slept well. The arose and readied themselves in awkward silence. After the remnants of the fire were disposed of, they left the spire, with only Kingston glancing back at the history-stained monument. 
The path Kingston had found was shortly found and entered, with a haste born from wanting to get as far away from the spire as humanly possible. The path turned out to be nothing more than an age-old trail that had been carved through the forest by the people of the nearby city decades before, most likely for those who came to study the strange spire. Although, in the years since the city's demise, the path had fallen into disrepair. Stone slabs had been up-heaved by unseen roots, and the foliage had slowly embarked on a reclamation attempt, which was proving most successful. Despite the encroaching plants, the path was still traversable, and preferable to wading through countless bogs and hazarding the wastes. The only real threat came from the Nightblighter's that invested the woods, but they were inactive while the sun still shone, so even they presented no threat as long as the party reached the city before nightfall. 
As they approached the outskirts of the city, Kingston noted another sharp temperature change, as the heat was all but eradicated by a sudden cold spell. It was as if all of the warmth in the air was being pulled away by something in the distance, towards the city. Kingston thought back and remembered what lay ahead: the ominous crystals. If his memory was correct, and it usually was, they were about to run straight into one of the larger crystal groves. Unfortunately, there was nothing to do but continue on the path. If they tried to go around, through the forests, they might get lost and fall prey to the Nightblighters. If they turned back, they would only be wasting time they did not have. In other words, they had no choice but forward. 
A few steps behind him, Barsch was walking with Maloch, thinking of nothing in particular. The lumbering giant was not forthcoming with its thoughts, creating a lethargic atmosphere that boded no conversation. Alza, bringing up the rear, was silent as well, but for different reasons. She was thinking about emotions.
She knew that emotions did exist, and that they were present in normal, healthy human beings, but she simply could not summon them during conversation. When attacked, she felt no fear nor anger, and when saved, she felt no gratitude nor relief. It was as if the world was simply a background, and other people were nothing but objects that occasionally moved and spoke about frivolous things. 
Alza knew that if she had ever had emotions, they would be found when she regained her past, but for some reason that brought about feelings of hesitation. What if she remembered everything and she still remained emotionless, or what if she did indeed regain her emotions? Would they change who she was? Although the concept of fear was foreign to Alza, she still felt what could be best be described as 'apprehension' about the recovery of her true self.
Without noticing, the party of deep thinkers reached the end of the path. It was not the manufactured end, but had instead been created when the forest crystal had sprung up, destroying what was left of the pilgrimage path. The nearest crystal lay no more than six feet away, and pulsed with light that seemed to come from within. The shimmering crystal was a deep shade of violet, and measured between ten and fifteen feet high and five feet in width.
The cold was intensified by their presence, and frost covered the broken ground. With their semi-reflective surfaces, the crystalline structures created a maze that could entrap even the most direction-competent traveller. With something akin to apprehension, Kingston approached one of the crystals, noting that his figure was distorted a hundred times over as his did so. With one frail hand, he placed his palm on the clear surface. Immediately, he drew it back, as frost had already begun to form on his fingertips, turning them blue.
“Kingston, what exactly are these things?” Barsch had wanted to ask ever since they had first seen them in the distance, but the hermit had told him to be patient.
Kingston took a deep breath, while trying to work some warmth back into his frozen digits. Turning his back on the mysterious crystals, he explained, “These things... these crystals, have many names. They first appeared in the Creed Event, and were not seen again until the South Wars. At first, we had no idea what they were, but after many experiments and theories, we arrived at the answer.” 
“We found that when pollution levels pass a certain point, a critical mass some said, a chemical reaction takes place. The pollutants gather together and solidify, forming a crystal we have taken to calling ç'aether. This crystal is thus a container for an incredible amount of volatile miasma, which seems to be amplified the longer it is kept in crystal form. Even during the Creed Event, when some of the greatest scientific minds alive were studying it, few understood it's true nature.”
“There is still much we don't know about it, such as why it draws in heat and expels cold, and why they always form in such numbers. They are incredibly hard to destroy, which is actually something of a blessing, because during the South Wars, forests of them sprung up everywhere and would have most likely caused great damage if all it took was a malfunctioning missile to crack them open.”
After saying so much, Kingston had to stop and catch his breath, before continuing his explanation. “They should be safe in their current form, but I still want you to be careful. Although it usually takes a lot to destroy them, there have been isolated cases of entire fields of them rupturing from a single bullet. So tread lightly, and don't touch anything.”
Alza was the first to respond, which seemed to surprise both her and Kingston. 
“Is there any chance they can cause hallucinogenic visions?”
Kingston thought about saying that he had never heard anything of the sort, but he  remembered the rumours from his youth. When he was a soldier, he had sometimes heard tales of men driven mad by strange crystals, who they claimed had shown them horrible, unbearable things. So, he instead said, “As I said, we don't fully understand them, so I guess anything is possible.” 
To Barsch and Maloch, he said, “Now, let's get a move on. No matter what happens, do not get separated.”
*
With that grim warning hanging over their heads, they entered the forest of ç'aether. The reflections given off by the pulsing crystals did little to help with navigating the crystalline maze. In an instant, there were a hundred Barschs, Alzas, Kingstons and Malochs, each wearing a look of mirrored puzzlement. As they ventured further into the maze, the cold progressively became worse, until it felt as though the air itself had frozen. 
Indeed, parts of it had, though the unstable nature of atomic collisions and the unpredictable outcomes meant that whenever ice crystals formed in the air, they were quickly torn apart by the physics that had created them. If not for the unbearable cold, it would have made for an almost poetic spectacle, as the shards of ice materialized, refracted the light from an infinite amount of sources -creating a breath-taking light-show- before breaking apart in mid-air mere seconds later. Supernatural exhibitions aside, it wasn't long before the entranced group were lost within the bowels of the reflective maze. 
Aside from the mind-numbing cold and the photogenic displays, there was little else to experience in the twisting halls of crystal, so it came as a surprise when Barsch spotted someone moving down a crystalline hallway. Although the figure disappeared before he could be sure, the man looked like the one from his dream. Despite the fear from his dream and Kingston's stern warning, Barsch felt his body yearn to chase after the phantom. He could only watch helplessly as his treacherous feet changed his direction and his mutinous muscles propelled him into a flat-out run. Only Maloch, who by chance happened to turn his gaze in the same direction, noticed Barsch's sudden  departure. With no time to alert Kingston or Alza, who were both several feet ahead, he took off after his escaping master. 
Mere seconds later, Kingston realised what had happened. He quickly spun around and called out, “ Barsch! Maloch! Where are you!” but there was no response. Alza showed no visible distress, but a keen eye could detect a change in her stance, like a lion getting ready to pounce. Kingston began to frantically dart back and forth, peering down crystal hallways and searching the ground for any trace of his lost companions. He could feel the panic begin to mount in his frail heart, and the sense of loss that always accompanied it. 
He knew it was foolish, and that Barsch and Maloch had probably just taken a wrong turn and would momentarily see their mistake and turn back, but that did not stop the anxiety from churning. He felt sick, as memories of loss flooded into his guilt-ridden mind. They were an eternal reminder of what he had failed to protect, and the faces of those who had placed their trust in him and had never lived to regret it never fully faded. 
Suddenly, a bright flash of light lit the morning sky, as a bolt of lightning came crashing down nearby. The intense light was reflected in every mirrored crystal, bathing the area in a harsh luminescence that blinded the unwary. After a few moments of agony, Kingston's vision returned, though it was still painful to open his eyes fully. Braving more pain, he looked to the sky, noting that not a single storm cloud drifted overhead. Alza, in possession of reflexes that would put a martial artist to shame, slowly opened her eyes. With her perfect vision, she thought that she had briefly seen a  figure in the sky, before the lightning fell. 
“We meet once again, reject. Have you given up on life yet? Or do I need to still destroy what hope you have left?”
The voice had come from a side-passage, though it was as clear as if the speaker had been right beside her. Kingston appeared not to have heard, as he was still searching the sky for the clouds that were not there. 
Once again, the voice rang out, in its mocking tone, “How does it feel to be so helpless in the face of your inevitable demise?”
There was no hesitation as Alza took off down the passage, leaving Kingston to scream in frustration as he lost yet another companion. He was left alone in the middle of a forest of crystals, whose very essence was born from death itself.
“Fine! Just ignore everything I said and run off on your own! See if I care!”
Even as the words left his lips he regretted them. However, he did not have long to dwell on this before a voice called out to him.
“So, once more you are alone. Perhaps this is how it is meant to be.”
The response had come from somewhere, but Kingston's quick search told him that there was no-one there. The voice had sounded familiar, but he could not put a name to it. He took a hesitant step forward and called out, “Who's there? Show yourself!” 
For a moment, Kingston wondered whether he had finally gone mad, and if this entire adventure had been nothing but a insane dream, but he knew that his imagination was not good enough to create what appeared. From the surface of the nearest crystal, a shape began to emerge. At first, he thought it to be his reflection, but it was too young, too fresh. The emerging shape began to gain clarity, it's features coalescing into a nostalgic face. He now knew why the voice had sounded so familiar. It was his own, though it was younger, and lighter, before the decades of weariness and guilt had done their work. The shape had now fully formed, and stood before him, a vision of his past brought to life by the power of the crystals. 
The man standing there, wearing a grim grin, was an identical copy of himself, though robbed of many years of hardship. His hair was still dark, and his eyes still bright. He was wearing an army outfit, though Kingston had long forgotten which nation it belonged to. At his hip, the treasured knife hung, it's sheathed blade still unaware of the bitter-sweet taste of blood. The uniform was clean and pressed, not out of pride, but of habit. He stood straight, his back broad and strong. It would be many years until the weight of the trauma gave him a slouch. 
“What are you?” Kingston asked the figure.
“As you can see, I am you,” was the curt reply.
“I know who you are, I'm asking what you are?”
The figure took a step forward, just as another ice crystal formed in its abdomen. It passed straight through him and shattered, it's brief life only serving to show that the figure was not truly there. He was a hybrid, a combination of a hallucination and a reflection, brought to life by the strange properties of the crystals. He could do no more harm to Kingston than the air, and he had about as much solidity. In order to convince himself of this fact, Kingston outstretched a single hand and placed it on the younger version of himself, just above the non-existent heart. Instead of passing through the illusion, as he had expected, his hand met an icy cold resistance. Hurriedly he removed his hand, and spent a moment trying to work some heat back into it. 
The figure, or ‘Lad’ as Kingston had already named him in his head, watched the entire exchange with a bemused expression. Bending down, he withdrew his phantom knife -causing Kingston to tense slightly- and plunged it into the frozen earth. The short blade went in easily but, when he pulled it out, there was not a single mark to be found.
“You see, I may not be real to this world, but I am real to you,” he explained.
Kingston understood, but took a step back anyway, while warily eyeing Lad’s still unsheathed blade. His younger self noticed the motion, as well as the stare. Without a word, he quietly pocketed the knife. Standing up, he began to walk away. When Kingston failed to follow, he called out, “What's wrong? Afraid to face your past?”
“Why are you here? Why are you doing this?”
Lad stopped and turned, a quizzical look in his eyes. “What are you talking about? I'm you, remember? I wouldn't be here if you didn't need me to be.” Seeing Kingston’s persisting hesitation he added, “Don't worry, I won't hurt you. Trust me.”
Against his better judgement, and going against his desire to search for his missing friends, Kingston picked up his things and followed the retreating back of his younger self. 
*
Meanwhile, in a different part of the maze, Barsch and Maloch were lost. They had chased after the man-in-black relentlessly, but no matter what they did, he always seemed to stay ahead. Finally, when they thought they had caught him, he disappeared into thin air. Although he had only seen glimpses of their target, Barsch felt as though he knew his identity. After he had vanished, Barsch collapsed to the cold, hard ground, trying to catch his breath. Maloch, who needed air like fish need fire, began to pace back and forth.
With a decidedly uncomfortable note in his metallic voice, he eventually said, “Master, I have troubling news to report.”
“How many times do I have to tell you, call me Barsch!” Barsch was in no mood to argue with the re-mech. He had been foolish, and now all he wanted was to return to Kingston and Alza.
“Yes mas- Yes Barsch.”
“Much better. Now, what is this troubling news?”
“It seems as though these crystals are creating some sort of electromagnetic field, which is interfering with my geometric sensors. I am unable to determine our starting destination, and am therefore unable to determine which way we should go.”
Pulling out his own compass, made by Kingston, Barsch checked the re-mech's assertion. The needle was unable to stay in one direction for more than a second, and was starting to perform full revolutions by the time Barsch finally pocketed the useless gadget. “Well, it seems as if we're on our own,” he said, while looking at the wall of violet crystals. He took a step forward, trying to decide on a route. Every path looked the same, and not a single choice gave off a feeling of ‘correctness’.  
A thought occurred, causing him to glance towards the morning sky, as he remembered the Avatar's words. “Head towards the setting sun” they had said, and he intended to do just that. His heart sank when he saw that the crystals had multiplied the beams of sunlight a hundredfold, making it impossible to determine their point of origin. 
“Something is wrong.”
The Re-mech was staring at the sky with an intense gaze, his fists clenched to his sides. In a questioning tone, Barsch asked, “What do you mean?”
“I am detecting a massive interference pattern in the local electromagnetic sphere. Barsch... I have never felt anything like this before.”
“Wait, I don't understand. What exactly are you feeling?”
“There is enough electrical energy in the air to ignite the atmosphere a hundred times over, but there are no changes in temperature... So something, something powerful, is supercharging the air, but at the same time it's managing to prevent it from going out of control.”
It was at that moment, when Barsch was still trying to decode Maloch's words, that the lightning struck. It was a bolt of clearest white, and it seared the earth where it fell, whilst blinding all who had the misfortune of being near. The roar was louder than anything Barsch thought possible, and it seemed to continue on even after the light faded. Static sparks were dancing in the air, and the crystals were humming a dissonant tune by the time Barsch finally regained his senses. Slowly, he raised his still pained eyes to the heavens, searching for the source of the bolt. However, the skies were clear, with no trace of the ferocious strike. 
“Kneel before your Master, vermin, or be brought low!”
The speaker had appeared from where the bolt had struck, but, apart from a few wayward sparks, he was unharmed. He was a tall man, with hair like dried blood and eyes that showed nothing but emptiness. His pale, almost corpse-like skin was mostly hidden by a large, obstructing black robe, which was fringed with stylized red lightning bolts. He was wearing a look of minor annoyance, as if he had been in the midst of doing something important and that this was nothing more than a hassle for him. 
Involuntarily, Barsch took a step backwards, his sub-conscious having already realized that this person was dangerous, and was seeking to remove it's host from harm's way. The speaker appeared to not notice Barsch's sudden movement, instead focusing his gaze on a frozen Maloch. 
With a voice like a harsh gale, he spoke, “I see that the vermin has gathered some friends. This is most… irritating. Now, what shall I do with you?”
It was at that moment that realisation hit Barsch, the force of the truth causing him to sink to his knees. With a strained voice, he blurted out, “Wait! I've seen you before... in my dream! Who are you?”
A flash of puzzlement briefly occupied the stranger's face, before he smiled -a horrible, maddening smile- and said, “I see now. Someone has unlocked your dreams. They have removed the barrier between what was, what is and what will be. You should count yourself lucky, as few of your kind have ever been so fortunate to have glimpsed the truth behind the dreamscape. Now, who was it who blessed you with an Awakening? Perhaps my troublesome siblings? No... this does not feel like their work.” 
His cold eyes seemed to study Barsch for a moment, before he continued, “It does not matter, however, in the end, all will be reduced to ash. Now, what should I do with you? My sister seems to think that you will defeat my champion, as unlikely as that may be. However, it does me no benefit from letting you just run around. Perhaps I should just kill you now, and be done with it.”
Unbeknownst to the intimidating stranger, Maloch had been busily preparing his weapon. With barely a moment's forewarning, he raised the sonic cannon and roared, “Barsch, Get Down!”
Barsch's legs obeyed long before the message had fully made its way to his brain, and he dropped to the floor in surprise. The re-mech wasted no time in firing his supercharged cannon, and the resulting blast of compressed air and sound would have decimated a large area on any other day. However, on that day, something rather different happened. The stranger, without even looking at his attacker, brought his hand to the sky and called forth a shield of rotating air. For a moment, he was lost in the midst of the miniature hurricane, before the sonic cannon's blast impacted against the wall of air and was absorbed into the swirling chaos. 
There was a stunned silence for several seconds as the attack proved ineffective, with the roar of the tornado-shield becoming a background noise. The moment passed quickly, and Barsch returned to the present. Maloch, always a logical thinker, had already realised that he and Barsch were no match for the thing that stood before them, and was busy computing escape routes when the stranger spoke.
Although his face was utterly calm, and he was still smiling that horrifying smile of his, his body language spoke of barely suppressed rage. In a chilling voice, he said, “Now. That was rather rude, don't you think? Here I am, offering you a quick and mostly painless death and you have the impudence to refuse?”
With a speed that defied belief, the stranger moved. It was as if he had simply moved from one place to another, without bothering to traverse the intervening area. He reappeared before Maloch, who had barely enough time to call out.
“Run!” he said, before the world went white. 
Barsch, fear finally overtaking his sense of loyalty, ran for his life, while the re-mech screamed in pain behind him.
*
The screams were muted by the time they reached Alza, who was lost in another part of the maze. She had followed the familiar voice for a while, as it continued to taunt her and mock her ignorance of what it called “the truth”. Eventually, the voice had grown silent, leaving Alza alone and somewhat irritated. She paced back and forth for a while, trying to decide on a logical and beneficial course of action, while a tiny voice of reason began to grow louder.
She had barely noticed its existence before, but the voice had been getting louder lately. Every time she thought of abandoning Barsch or the hermit, the voice protested. Whenever she thought of leaving them to continue on her own, the voice's anger intensified. It's continued existence was becoming almost unbearable, and Alza's inability to get rid of it only served to increase her feelings of irritation. 
“Very well, I will look for them, happy?” There was no reply.
A bolt of lightning in the distance momentarily distracted her from her pacing, but she made no connection between it and the others that had come before. She was a woman who could move re-mechs with her mind, why should cloudless lightning disturb her? 
“Alone. Always alone. Your fate is to wander this world in solitude, until your mission is complete.”
The voice came from all directions at once, reverberating and bouncing off the polished crystals, until it was a unified sound. 
“You were born to be used, and you will be used until the day you die.”
The voice was growing softer, more focused, as the reverberations continued to hide the speaker's location.
“If I were a lesser being, I would pity you. If I were a lesser being, I would kill you out of compassion. If I were a lesser being, I would destroy those around you out of concern. But I am not and I will not. For I am perfection.”
Alza spun round, just in time to watch as a distorted image of herself climbed out from a crystal reflection. The figure was identical to her in every way, with the sole difference lying in the figure's eyes. The reflected Alza bore blood-red, almost crimson eyes, in which there was no place for mercy. 
She was still exiting the mirror-like crystal when her form began to change. Starting with her eyes -which became more malevolent, if that was possible- the change spread throughout her body. Her hair became shorter, with her fringe spiking up like an ivory crown; she grew in height, to the point where she would have looked Barsch in the eyes; her body lost all traces of its femininity, with the resulting figure bearing definitive male attributes.
When the figure spoke, it's voice was identical to the man from the desert, and it was matched by a replica of his condescending smirk. 
“Do you remember me, Reject?” She knew that she should be feeling fear, or confusion, but something within her kept her calm.
“You were there, in the desert.” There was no hesitation when she spoke. She knew the truth, so why would she lie to herself.
The figure seemed to be confused for a moment, before stating, “Looking through your memories, I can see why you would say that. However, the current me is based on memories that are much older. I lived in your past, just as you shall die in my future.”
“What are you talking about? Living in my past? Do you know who I am?”
“Who you are? Don't tell me that you have forgotten? Ah... Master will be angry with you for sure. If you return like this, I can't guarantee that he won't just destroy you on the spot.”
Alza's head spun, trying to process all of these revelations at once. It was too much, to be confronted by someone from her past, not to mention that there might be more people who knew her, somewhere out there.
Trying to focus on one thing at a time, she asked, “Master? Who is my Master?”
The figure now genuinely seemed surprised, though the expression quickly returned to his customary smirk. Slowly, he raised his pale hand to the sky, whilst his eyes began to shine. Alza began to feel something  emanating from the figure, but she was unsure about its existence. The feeling she had was similar to the one she got when she was trying to bring forth the power that dwelt within her, but darker somehow. It was as if her power had been inverted, and infused with a massive amount of unchained anger and aggression.
A few inches from the figure's finger tips, light bloomed. The light coalesced into a tiny flame, which grew larger and larger as it rapidly changed colour. Starting out as a white spark, it soon became a ball of crimson fire, which was in turn orbited by several smaller spheres of black flame. 
“If you have truly forgotten the name of our Master, then there is no hope for you. Perhaps if I hurt you enough, the memory will return? Or perhaps I just want to see you suffer!” 
The figure, whom Alza had privately renamed Crimson, dove towards her, his outstretched arm loosely holding the disturbing flame. Her quick reflexes saved her, but she could still feel the burning heat of the flames on her fair skin. Crimson pivoted as he landed, bringing his leg up as he did so. His boot connected with Alza's abdomen with an audible thud, driving thought and reason from her body. Instead of crumpling into a pained heap, she allowed her combat reflexes to take over, which promptly caught hold of Crimson's still outstretched leg and hurled it's owner into the nearest crystal. However, there was no sound of impact, as the moment Alza's assailant touched the reflective surface, he disappeared. 
Silence reigned as Alza desperately sought out the power still sleeping inside. It resisted it's summons at first, as it always had, but it eventually relented. With the power filling her, taking away her fear, Alza purposefully strode forward, ready for the next encounter. 
“Weak... so very, very weak. The Master would be ashamed to see you as you are now. I must remedy this. I must make you remember what you are... and if I fail, I will let you die in ignorance!”
Crimson appeared once more, this time from the furthest crystal. His eyes were glowing with power, a mirror image of Alza's. In one hand, the crimson flame, in the other, a fist-sized ball of swirling air. Alza was ready for his attack, and sent out a shock-wave of pressure from her core, stopping Crimson in his tracks. In response, he simply smiled and said, “Good, it seems as though you have remembered that at least. But you are ignorant of your true purpose, and you have no idea what you are truly capable of. I will show you... or you will die oblivious to the truth.” 
Crimson took a step back, whilst bringing his hands together, as if he was praying. The orb of darkened fire and ball of chaotic wind combined where they met, fire and air mixing together to create something truly terrifying. The flame expanded, as its colour changed from red to bluish-white, as it fed on the air and grew stronger. With a flick of his wrist, he sent the killing flame flying towards Alza's unprotected body, whilst a second motion sent forth a wall of air. The air impacted with the fireball, creating a wall of white fire, that climbed higher and higher as it raced towards its target. 
“Burn, or prevail. The choice is yours and yours alone.”
The intensity of the flame was felt long before the wall reached Alza, and she could distantly hear the crystals begin to crack under the immense heat. Reaching into her mind once more, she summoned more of the power, drawing on everything she could take at once. The power built up inside her, straining to get out. Her head pounded with the effort of containing such a monstrous energy, until it felt as though her skull might spilt open at any time. 
She held it in, sheer willpower giving her the strength to do so, until she had accumulated enough. With a silent scream, she released the pent up power, sending it rushing towards her malicious assailant. The power took on a different form once it reacted with reality, and became a burst of concentrated air that rapidly expanded outwards. As it did so, Alza sent out another wave of pressure, which caused a miniature implosion as it passed the air-burst. The implosion drew in all of the ice-cold air in the surrounding atmosphere, concentrating it, changing it. In mid-flight, the air-burst became a swirling vortex of super cooled air and frost, which began to rapidly crystallize as it neared the wall of flame. 
The expanding wall of fire and the ball of ice met with a thunderous crash, as steam and smoke covered everything in darkness. Alza fell to her knees, her energy drained, her mind strained. From the visibility-impairing steam came a gentle chuckle, which was followed by a maniacal roar of laughter. 
“Very good. Very good indeed! However, you are still ignorant of your purpose... You may still be able to redeem yourself in Master's eyes, but not yet. I will grant you a reprieve for now, Alza, but we shall meet again, and I shall not be as kind. Don't forget... it is your destiny to die, but it is your choice in how it happens. Seek death with these... lower life forms, or receive a merciful death from our glorious Master... you decide.”
When the smoke cleared, Crimson was gone, leaving Alza alone once more. She knew that she should cry, or howl in frustration, but she could not. She could only huddle there in silence, while in the distance, lighting broke the sky.
*
While Alza had been fighting her other self, and Barsch and Maloch had been facing against the lighting king, Kingston was experiencing a rare moment of peace. He had been having a rather pleasant chat with Lad, who had turned out to be a rather amiable vision. 
“So then I get exiled... and spend almost four decades as a hermit? Don't I get lonely?” 
“Well... The first decade... I did occasionally get lonely, but it got better after that. Plus, I've always valued my solitude, and it did give me time to finish reading all of my books.”
Lad came to a stop, a look of confusion plastered across his youthful face. He had spent the last half-hour listening to stories from the real Kingston, of what would happen in the war, and of the tragedy afterwards, ending in his exile. 
“Books? Whose books?”
“Our father left us a great many things, remember? When we return from the war, we go back to our old house and find the books, along with this.” Kingston was holding the Solar Staff in his outstretched hand, it's surface pitted and scratched by decades of wear and tear, but still usable. Lad briefly examined it's worn surface, a look of approval in his unburdened eyes. 
“Not bad. So besides reading, what else do I do? You know, to pass the time?”
Kingston had difficulty answering at first, as his memories of his exile had a tendency to mix together, creating a unified memory of mediocrity. It had become an almost daily routine: wake up, make breakfast, read, practice chess, tend to the garden, make lunch, read, search for supper, make supper, read and then sleep a dreamless sleep, all to be repeated the next day. 
“I... We should talk about something else. My exile is something I would rather not go into.”
“Ah! My bad. I’m sorry.”
“Don't worry about it. So, have you been keeping up with your studies?”
Lad had begun walking again, though he was slower than before. He seemed to mirror Kingston's gait, slowing down when Kingston was tired and speeding up when he regained his strength. They had been walking for almost an hour, with no sign of the others, or an exit. Mercifully, the cold had lessened, almost as if it had been taken away by someone. Lighting still danced in the skies, but the bolts were infrequent, and haphazardly placed. Both of these facts worried Kingston, but there was nothing he could do in his current state.
“I have been trying, but on the front-lines, when you never know when the enemy will attack, it's kind of hard to study.”
“I see. Well, I wouldn't worry too much about it. We have some pretty good years after the war. Starting a family, studying with a very important man, being called upon to save the world, it was all fun in its own way.”
“Really? I do all of that? Wow, who would have thought. So, this family, where are they now?”
Kingston stopped, as the memories came rushing back. He happened to glance up at the surrounding crystals, and caught a glimpse of his tortured expression. With a heavy heart, he said, “They... they aren't with us anymore. Things happened, things that were mostly my fault, and they were taken from me. All because of my guilt... and my sin. However, even though they are no longer with me, I still want to see them... to see what they have become. One day, I hope to be able to embrace them both with open arms, while I beg for their forgiveness.”
Lad stared in stunned silence, before finally speaking, “Don't despair Kingston! I'm sure that one day you will find redemption, and your family will be there to see it. So carry on, without losing your stride, until that day comes.”
When Kingston looked up, his animated reflection was gone, an echo of his last words the only remainder of his brief existence. There were tears in the old man's eyes, but they were tears of hope. With a smile on his weathered face and strength in his body, he continued forward, as lighting continued to spear the earth.
*
Elsewhere in the crystal maze, Barsch was running for his life. Bolts of lightning fell where he trod, each missing him by mere inches. The stranger was calling out his name with increasing anger, which grew whenever a bolt failed to find it's mark. Thankfully, Barsch's  sheer, abject terror had faded rapidly once the stranger had started using him as target practice, and his fight or flight reflex was more or less returning to normal. 
In testament to this, he had regained enough of his wit to bring out Lanista, and it had only taken three shakily-handed attempts to get it started. The roar of the chainsword was actually rather comforting, as it helped to partially block out the sound of the deathly lightning bolts. Once or twice, while rounding a corner or dodging a falling thunder-strike, Barsch could have sworn he saw Alza or Kingston in the distance, but they were always gone by the time he reached them. 
A thought occurred to him after he rounded what seemed like his hundredth corner, “This is pointless! Either I finally run out of luck and get hit by a bolt, or I run out of energy and he catches me! I can't keep this up forever! My legs already feel like they're on fire, and the pain in my chest is getting worse! What should I do? What would Alza do?”
With that thought in his mind, Barsch skidded to a stop. He turned, Lanista roaring with bloodlust, and faced his attacker. The lightning bolts still came, but they were no longer aimed at him. Instead, they danced around him, scorching the earth into a rough semi-circle. Within seconds, the stranger was there, wearing a triumphant smile.
“So, you have chosen to face your death head-on? I would congratulate you on your bravery, but gods do not compliment vermin. Now, are you going to beg for mercy? Or will you be foolish enough to attack?”
It was then, when the stranger's attention was on Barsch and Barsch alone, that the re-mech struck. With sparks still plaguing his metallic body, and one of his eyes dark, he had managed to crawl towards his friend, whilst following the lighting. His chassis was burnt black, and his sonic cannon lay uselessly at his side, but he still refused to submit. His remaining eye was brimming with power as he lifted his mining laser and, with only a moment's hesitation, fired. 
He missed.
Barsch's heart fell as he saw the beam narrowly miss the stranger, and continue off into the distance. The stranger, in response, turned to the fallen re-mech and smirked.
“It appears that you have yet to learn your lesson. Don't you realise that attacking me is futile. In fact, you have only succeeded in angering me further. I know now that my previous punishment was insufficient... this time, there will be nothing left but scrap metal. Now, prepare for the end!”
Barsch wished to turn his head away, to block out the sight of what was to come, but he could not. He could still hear the re-mech's screams of pain in his ears, and he was helpless to prevent a recurrence. However, his helplessness was unfounded, and Maloch was standing with a confident, fearless pose. When he spoke, it was in a calm, confident tone, as he said, “You are the one who should prepare for the end… because I never miss!” 
At that moment, Barsch heard the returning zip of the previously fired laser. It had come back with a vengeance, and sped past Barsch's crouched frame with absolute certainty. It struck the reflective surface of one of the crystals with pre-planned accuracy, before splitting in two and continuing to rebound. The beams began to multiply, as each strike against a crystal produced more and more replicas. Soon, the area was filled with hundreds of emerald beams that bathed the area in light. Amazingly enough, not a single beam strayed off course, and not a hair of Barsch's hair was singed. Maloch, too, was unharmed. As for the stranger, it was a different story. Dozens of coin-sized holes had been burned into his cloak, and blood ran down his face. He wore a face of fury, yet he could do nothing but stand there and take the karmic punishment. The lightning had stopped falling the moment the first beam made contact, so there was no danger of heavenly retribution. 
For an instant, Barsch allowed himself to hope. Maybe they could win this… 
And then, the stranger spoke, killing his fledgling hope, “I tire of this. You are a nuisance, Barsch La Tergan, but I have decided to cease this tiresome endeavour. I think I will leave you to my champion, or perhaps I will let his Master keep you as a lab rat?”
In an instant, it was over, as the stranger called down a bolt that struck a single crystal, which in turn refracted the light and created another beam-splitting effect. The lances of light spread out and intercepted Maloch's emerald beams, as lightning cancelled out laser. It was a light spectacle, but Barsch was far too busy thinking about the stranger's words to properly appreciate it. “Champion? Master? Just how many people are we going to have to fight?”
With the beams gone, the stranger began to rise into the air, whilst riding a column of wind. He was soon standing unsupported in the clouds, but his thunderous voice could still be clearly heard below as he called out, “Here, a parting gift!”
As he spoke, hundreds of bolts fell from the sky, though they seemed not to be aimed at anyone in particular. They landed with a unified roar, with most striking empty ground, but a significant amount hitting the pollutant-laden crystals. Barsch could only watch in horror as the cracks spread, before the crystals began to shatter, one by one. The sound of the crystal shards breaking on the cold earth soon replaced the roar of the lightning, until finally, silence reigned. 
In mere seconds, an entire ç'aether forest had been reduced to a heap of shattered crystals, whilst their corrupting contents rose into the atmosphere. Barsch could already see the dark cloud forming, it's underside tinged with violet. It was a dangerous omen, and he knew not when the cloud would unleash it's devastating downpour. As for the destructive stranger, there remained no trace.
“Barsch! Maloch! Are you alright?” 
It was Kingston, to Barsch's eternal relief, scrambling over the broken crystals to reach them. 
“Kingston! We're-” Barsch looked at his charred surroundings, and Maloch's burnt exterior, before continuing, “We're alive, I guess. What about you? Did you see... anyone... strange?”
Kingston thought of telling Barsch about his younger doppelgänger, but decided against it. He would tell Barsch the truth of his past when he was ready, and that time was not now. Instead, he said, “No, I didn't see anyone like that. I was alone the whole time. What about you? And what happened to the ç'aether?”
Barsch spent the next several minutes explaining what he had seen: the stranger who wielded lightning; the words about the champion and the master, and what had happened with the ç'aether.
“Wearing a black cloak you say? And wielding lightning and wind? Sounds dangerous. I'm also quite curious about this whole 'master and champion' business, but it looks as though we won't find any answers here.”
“Okay, but what about Alza? We still haven't seen any trace of her? What if she's hurt somewhere?”
Just then, a familiar voice called out, saying, “I am unharmed.” She appeared from behind one of the few remaining crystals, looking exhausted beyond belief. But he could see now visible wounds on her, and that was good enough for him.
“Alza! What happened to you? Where did you go?”
For a moment she said nothing, and Barsch wondered if she would tell him the truth. “Nothing happened that concerns you. Now, shall we go?” she replied. 
Apparently not. 
“Um... I guess there's no real point in sticking around?” said Barsch, while anxiously eyeing Maloch's damaged frame. Barsch took another look at Kingston and Alza, noting that the former looked as though he had been crying and the latter seemed disturbed by something.
“Well, I guess if they wanted me to know, they would tell me. It's probably none of my business anyway.”
With only a single glance back at the remnants of the crystal maze, the four companions moved on. Above, the released miasma continued to accumulate, resulting in the ominous cloud blanketing the land in shadow. As they made their way over the shattered crystals -taking care to avoid the razor-sharp shards- they became aware of how close to the city they had come. Within minutes of leaving the destroyed maze, they found paved roads which led them past row upon row of fractured buildings. Overall, the city was significantly smaller than Carçus, but it still took a while to reach the city proper. As for the name of the city, there were no clues. Almost every sign had been weathered away to the point of illegibility, and the buildings were no more than burnt out shells, so there was no point in looking for answers there. 
*
It was around noon when they finally stopped, having reached the outskirts of the city centre. While Kingston and Barsch searched the nearby buildings for anything edible, Alza kept watch and Maloch began performing what few repairs he could. After ten minutes of searching, Kingston and Barsch returned with what little they could find. It was a paltry meal, consisting of a few cans of long-life vegetables and three strips of treated meat, but it was a meal nonetheless. They ate in silence, each member of the group thinking back on their encounters in the forest of ç'aether. 
Alza was particularly interested in the man who had wielded powers similar to hers, and had claimed to know of her past; whilst Kingston thought of the innocence he had had and lost as a young man. Barsch tried to figure out who the stranger had been, but he hit a dead end when he realised that he did not even know his true name. Maloch spent the time to run further diagnostics, and try to analyse how much damage he had taken. The answer was quite dismal: he was down to less than forty percent of his chassis integrity, and his sonic cannon was malfunctioning. In addition, his power reserves had been almost completely drained by the mining laser. He would have to find a repair station soon or risk slowing down the others. 
After their less than filling meal, the group set out once more, towards the city centre. It soon became abundantly clear that whatever had destroyed the city had started in the centre, as the destruction became more pronounced as they approached the hub of the city. Piles of rubble replaced buildings and cracks plagued the streets, making even walking a treacherous task. In addition, the sky overhead had been consumed by the poisonous cloud, which was now bulging with acidic death. As they walked, Barsch began to feel a pang of dread, which slowly grew worse as the neared the city nexus. It was as if his body was doing everything in its power to force him to turn back, but a mixture of stubbornness and curiosity prevented him from doing so. 
Although the temperature had been raised with the destruction of the ç'aether forest, it was still cold enough to cause goose-bumps to form on Barsch's exposed skin. He pulled his coat tighter, but too much fighting had left it pock-marked by holes and gashes, which allowed the chilled air easy access. Neither Alza nor Kingston seemed particularly bothered by the cold, which Barsch attributed to Alza's general apathy to the world and Kingston's years of fending for himself. Maloch, as always, was a paragon of immutability, as nothing seemed to slow down or deter the giant re-mech. However, Barsch had noticed that he seemed to be walking in laboured strides, whilst carefully picking his path. Maloch's damaged eye had eventually lit up once more, but much dimmer than its previous incarnations. 
A flashback to the man who wielded lightning brought Barsch to a halt, as he tried to recall what had seemed so familiar about him. He was positive that he had never met the man before -not counting dreams- yet he still had brought an unmistakable sense of déjà vu with his appearance. “I guess I can always ask Terra the next time I see him, after all, a man controlling wind and lightning can't be all that common.” 
On a whim, Barsch reached behind his pack and brought out Lanista, noting how it's midnight-blade seemed to swallow the noon-day light. Although he had promised himself he would try and use the blade less, he would no doubt need it if any more “strangers” appeared. As he held the chainsword, he felt the polished surface with his index finger. Splattered across the length of the blade -long since dried- were spots of blood. 
Lanista had seen its fair share of violence since he first picked it up, making its name even more appropriate. The Instigator of Violence had been bathed in blood before, but it had always been Barsch who had actually swung the sword. “Control the violence,” Kingston had said, “and don't let it control you.” Sometimes it was so hard to resist the temptation though, and it took all of his strength to keep the blade from cutting what was precious to him.
As he stood there, contemplating the purpose of his weapon, a worrisome feeling came upon him. Without waiting for him, Kingston, Alza and Maloch had reached the city centre. Now, they stood as still as statues, frozen in place by something out of sight. Lanista still in hand, Barsch ran towards them, intent on finding out what was so interesting. Overhead, the poisonous cloud gave a threatening rumble, signalling it's imminent rupture.
“Kingston, Alza, I think we should find somewhere to sleep. It's looks as though the acid rain could come at any mo-”
Barsch's words were cut off my a long, heart-stopping howl. It was a call for blood, and it immediately brought back a fear that had been hidden in Barsch's genetic memories for millennia. It spoke of despair and panic, born in a time when men had lived alongside beasts; sometimes as the hunter, and sometimes as the hunted. Although the majority of this was lost on Barsch, he did not fail to notice the overwhelming desire to run and hide. After a time, the deep howl came to an end, and Barsch could finally step forward and see what had sung the song of death.
Standing in the dead centre of the plaza, atop a mound of rubble and bones, was a wolf larger than any Barsch had ever seen. It was a massive thing, measuring at least five feet from scarred snout to frayed tail, and it's coat was snow-white with patches of grey. It peered at the world through crimson eyes; eyes that seemed to contain only malice for all two-legs. It bore a resemblance to a creature Barsch had only heard of in myth, which told of a beast that hunted sinful humans for the amusement of the gods. Its name had been Fenrir, and it's capacity for violence had been unmatched by any other deistic animal. Subconsciously, Barsch had already named the beast before him, though he thought that the name fit it perfectly. It had been fearsome in his dream, but in reality that presence was magnified a hundred-fold. Thankfully it's Master was absent, but the terror it invoked was no less real. 
Behind it lay a half-visible fresco, which showed a man being hunted by a wolf. Disturbingly, the portion containing the man’s head had been removed, leaving him headless. “The Eternal Cycle of Predator and Prey,” he read, wondering what the words meant.
A small sound snapped his attention back to the beast. It was watching them now, as the scent of fresh meat filled it's mind. With clawed paws the size of plates, Fenrir took a confident step forward. It's gaze swung between Alza and Kingston, as if it was trying to decide which one would be tastier. Maloch had been relegated to the background scenery by its meat-oriented brain, and it would come for Barsch once it had taken care of the weak and the old. Having apparently finalized its eating order, Fenrir let out a second howl, which somehow managed to be far more terrifying than the first. 
“Kingston, Maloch, stay back. I-” He glanced at Alza, who had strode forward beside him, “We, will handle this.”
“As Barsch said, do not get in our way,” Alza said, not looking back at the old man and the damaged re-mech.
With a simple flick of his wrist, Lanista roared into life. It's teeth were already thirsting for blood by the time they had made their first revolution, a desire that only increased with every passing second. Almost immediately, Barsch could feel the violence which lurked within him begin to stir; but he firmly suppressed it before it had the chance to surface. 
Beside him, Alza was trying to prepare for the confrontation in her own way. Calming her thoughts, she tried to once more summon forth the power that dwelt within. At first, there was nothing there. No violet light. No ephemeral warmth. Nothing. Panic flooded her thoughts, as the mysterious energy continued to evade her search. 
Finally, hiding in a dark, unused corner of her mind, she found it. It was weaker than before, and gave off a feeble pulse when approached. It was clear that the battle with Crimson had used up a lot more energy than she cared to admit. Stubbornly, she persisted, as she began to mentally drag the power to the surface of her sub-conscious. It was a tough battle, but sheer willpower has always beaten projected personifications of phantasmal energy, and, after a short mental tug-of-war, Alza felt the power fill her mind.
It was at that moment, when Alza was wrestling with her uncooperative abilities and Barsch was struggling to contain his violence, the beast struck. There was no warning, save for a strangled cry that barely escaped Kingston's lips. Wielding bone-crushing fangs and claws made for slicing through flesh, Fenrir began its onslaught. It's paw, backed by evolutionary adaptation, connected with Alza's ribs with a sickening thud. 
For a moment, she became a rag-doll, as her helpless body flew through the air. However, the power shining through her inhuman eyes was already hard at work, resetting bone and knitting skin, so that by the time she landed, it was if the injury had never been. Confusion immediately clouded Fenrir's face, as it visibly pondered why it's prey was still able to stand. Barsch took this moment of uncertainly to strike, as he swung Lanista in a wide vertical arc that should have cleaved the beast in two. As it was, luck was not on Barsch's side that day, as the uneven footing produced a handy, fist sized rock in his path, which caused him to miss his target entirely. 
Fenrir did not wait for him to regain his balance, and struck out with one of its massive paws, which caught Barsch in his abdomen and removed him from the battle. His flight through the air was quite similar to Alza's, but differed on one account. Where Alza's supernatural power had saved her, his human body failed to save him. He crashed into the half-broken fresco with enough force to add a dozen new cracks to the hunting scene. He lay there for several seconds, trying to work through the pain that was now spreading throughout his midriff.
While Barsch had been unsuccessful in his attack, Alza was not. With a swift motion of her hand, she sent out a blast of air towards the great beast, hoping to end the battle quickly. Unfortunately, in her drained state, the air-burst did little more than ruffle Fenrir's fur. Without missing a beat, Alza leapt forward, her next attack already in motion. Using thin tendrils of unseen energy, she mentally picked up a dozen pieces of body-sized rubble, which began to orbit around her lithe frame. Using three of the pieces, she brought them together in the shape of a lance, which was then hurled towards the great wolf with a speed that defied all laws of physics. 
Once more, her lack of energy prevented the attack from being fatal, as one of the pieces broke apart mid-flight and another veered wildly off course. The third, staying true to its purpose, struck Fenrir, though it's force was not great enough to cause any significant damage. If anything, the attack only served to enrage the creature.
In all of its years of hunting and killing, it had never encountered prey who had given it such a hard time. However, far from being off-putting, it increased the beast's resolve. Killing Alza and Barsch had gone from being a necessary task to a violent yet fun game, and it revelled in every second of their continued existence. 
It counter-attacked with increased ferocity, managing to take out two of Alza's shields with a single swing of its massive paw. Alza, for the first time since the fight began, voluntarily took a step back, if only to keep the beast's claws from her tender flesh. Within seconds, she was down to just three pieces of rubble to act as shielding, and it was all she could do to just hold them in place. 
With a roar, Fenrir side-stepped and struck out, destroying the last barriers as it did so. Alza, already moving out of the way, was oblivious to the looming wall behind her, which impeded her manoeuvre and gave Fenrir an easy target. Alza's last sight, before she closed her eyes, was of the faded sign on the wall of the shop that had doomed her. In a cruel sense of irony, it said, “PREMIUM LIFE INSURANCE AVAILABLE INSIDE... BECAUSE YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN THE END WILL COME!”
“ALZA!”
The scream opened Alza's eyes just in time to witness a black blade whirl past her face. The next thing she saw was Barsch's broad back, as he took a defensive stance between her and the beast that desired her flesh. 
“Don't worry. I will protect you!” 
Alza could see that his hands were shaking, but did not comment on it. Instead, she stood up and went to stand beside him. Fenrir had dodged away in order to avoid Barsch's screaming sword, but it's hunger was driving it forward once more. It licked it's blood-stained teeth, in anticipation of its meal. 
The sky overhead gave of a rumble  that only increased the tense atmosphere. Barsch's thoughts were momentarily occupied by a mental image of the cloud break that could happen at any moment. The rumble from the heavens grew louder, before cumulating in a massive strike of violet lighting that struck the centre of the plaza. As if on cue, Barsch and Alza leapt forward, towards the wary wolf. Snatching up Lanista as he flew forward, he brought the black blade up in a smooth motion.
In mid-leap, Barsch noticed Alza's eyes light up, and watched as a ball of flame appeared in her outstretched hand. It was a beautiful, if deadly thing, burning bright blue, though tinged with white. Simultaneously, Alza noticed Barsch's eyes take on a hard edge, and watched as his grip on Lanista's hilt tightened. 
They collided with Fenrir as another bolt struck the plaza, in the exact same place as the first. Unable to deal with two attackers, Fenrir was forced back, towards it's throne of rubble. From the force of the impact, Alza and Barsch were flung away from each other, with Barsch landing closer to Kingston and Alza colliding with Maloch's sturdy frame. 
And as for the dire wolf: A long line of blood across it's flank marked where Barsch's black blade had briefly made contact, and a large patch of burned flesh was the only remnant of Alza's flame. This time, it's howl was a howl of pain, mixed in with frustration. Barsch could see it weighing the options: continue fighting and possibly gain enough food to last it a month; or retreat and escape relatively unscathed.
Whatever its decision was, it was never carried out. In the end, nature was the grand decider, as a third and final bolt signalled the end of the battle. Without a sound, the poison-laden cloud above burst, sending thousands of litres of acidic rain towards the unprotected denizens of the earth below. 
The first drop struck Barsch on the back of his neck, sending a bolt of pain towards his heart. The next struck his arm, sending another bolt towards his core. Steadily, the rain grew stronger, as the burning water blanketed the city in corrosion. Eyes half-shut to protect his delicate retina, Barsch painfully called out, “Alza! Take Maloch and run! We'll meet up after the rain stops.” 
He had originally intended to make his way over to her, but Fenrir lay in his path, and he would rather avoid a confrontation with a pain-crazed wolf which had only moments before been trying to kill him. Instead, he turned and ran towards Kingston, who was trying to avoid the falling death with little success. Grabbing the elderly hermit by the arm, Barsch began to race down the street while frantically looking for any kind of shelter. 
Before he left the plaza, he happened to take one last look, and was pleased to see that both Alza and Maloch were nowhere to be seen. He was less pleased to see that Fenrir too had disappeared, but the continued pain falling from the sky soon brought his mind back to the task of finding somewhere to hide. 
After several minutes of fruitless searching, it became apparent that there were no intact structures left in the city that could provide adequate shelter. The burning rain had not lessened in the slightest, and it's painful strikes drained Barsch of energy whenever they connected with unprotected flesh. In addition, his wound from the earlier battle with Fenrir slowed him down tremendously, and every step was accompanied by a bolt of pain. Kingston fared a little better, but his age meant that he could only move so fast. Soon enough, he too was drenched in the corrosive rain. They were half-walking, half-falling as they travelled down an unremarkable street, still searching for anything that would grant them sanctuary. 
“Barsch! Over there!” 
Barsch followed the old man's pointed finger towards a small building at the end of the street, somehow untouched by the decay and devastation that had destroyed its neighbours. With renewed vigour, Barsch began to pick up his pace, as he tried to will his body into moving ever faster. With salvation in sight, fate was indeed cruel in what it did to them.
Barsch, now crawling over the cracked surface of the street, body beaten down by the unrelenting downpour, froze in place when he heard Kingston's scream. With effort, he tore his gaze from their saving grace, and turned back towards his friend. In his haste to get to safety, Kingston had slipped on the slippery surface and fallen badly. As Barsch inched towards his friend's fallen body, his heart sank. 
The old hermit's foot had become stuck in one of the many crags that littered the city, and, despite his furious tugging, refused to come free. Even with Barsch's assistance, there was no change. It was a hopeless situation. Barsch had only two options: Stay with Kingston and be burned by the rain, or leave the old man and reach safety alone. In his heart, he knew that the second option was not an option at all, not after everything they had gone through. 
Kingston had most likely been thinking the same thing, so he called out, his voice barely audible over the pounding rain, “Barsch... It's fine... just go! Save yourself! GO!”
“No.”
Barsch's defiance was lost in the fury of the storm, but Kingston had known what his reply would be before he even said it. With the last of his energy, Barsch lifted himself up and climbed atop the old man's exposed frame. Covering his head with his hands, he could do nothing but lie there, his body the only barrier between the burning rain and Kingston. Immediately, he felt the rain begin to eat through his coat, and then his shirt, so great was its fury. 
When the first drop touched his back, and his body was exposed to the might of the downpour, he did not call out. For three minutes he held it in, while Kingston tried in vain to prevent his sacrifice. For three minutes he resisted screaming in agony, as the rain burnt his skin and bled his scars. For three minutes he resisted giving in to the pain, while any other would have lasted one. After three minutes of perseverance, Barsch began to scream. His tortured scream continued on without end, as his words of anguish were drowned out by the never-ending torrent.
*
In a different place and time, Maloch and Alza huddled together in the burnt out husk of a church. The rain still fell without a moment's break, but not a drop touched Alza's fair skin. Overhead, in the shape of a massive dome, was a shield of air and flame. Alza still did not know how she had combined the two, but it was effective. The rain gave off a gentle sizzle whenever water met fire, which had an oddly calming effect. 
“I hope master Barsch and master Kingston managed to find shelter.” Alza floundered for a response. She was still not used to holding conversations with people, let alone re-mech’s. 
“I'm sure they will survive this storm. They have proven themselves capable in the past,” she eventually answered. 
“You do not seem to worried, even though you have been travelling with them far longer than I.”
“If I had emotions, I would not waste them on worrying about Ba- those two.”
Maloch gave her a sidelong glance that was almost human in execution. It was a look of surprise, mixed in with a healthy dose of disbelief. Eventually, he said, “I was not informed about your lack of emotions. Tell me, for how long has it been this way?”
Alza thought back, to when she had first awoken in Kingston's hut, and said, “Ever since I can remember, I have been emotionless. I do not know if I ever possessed them to begin with. Besides, from what I have seen, they are nothing but reward-less burdens. I am most likely better off this way. What about you? Have you ever had emotions?”
“Unfortunately, any extreme emotions produced by my A.I. Core are automatically removed by my Emotion Limiting Engine, for my own benefit I am told. A fellow re-mech once told me a tale from before the South Wars. He told me that when re-mechs were first created, they were able to experience the full range of emotions and think for themselves. Unfortunately those very same emotions made them dangerous to their masters, so they were removed. However, because the A.I., which produced the simulated emotions, is hard-wired into every re-mech, they decided to create an artificial limiter.”
“So, you too lack emotions? Then surely you should know how little they matter. When I'm fighting, there is no fear, no excitement. I am not distracted by emotions, so I am able to fight more effectively. Is it not the same for you?” Alza relaxed by a tiny portion. Conversing with Barsch or Kingston was tiring and difficult, but speaking with Maloch was oddly calming. 
“I will not lie to you and say that I have not thought the same before, but I believe that emotions can be useful too. I have seen soldiers, empowered by their love for countries, or desperate to protect those they value, fight with the strength of ten men. I have seen men, half-dead and almost broken, perform feats of incredible ability when their loved ones were threatened. Emotions can give us power, just as easily as they can make us vulnerable.”
Although Alza refused to agree, she had long since realised the power of emotions; after watching Barsch and Kingston put everything on the line because of their feelings, and persevere. Looking up at the shield of fire, she quietly asked, “So... if it were possible, would you ask for emotions? Even if it meant throwing away everything that you have. Would you give up who you are, in exchange for the promise of emotions?”
It was Maloch's turn to think. He thought back on his time in the war, and of his subsequent interactions with the emotional humans he called “master”. If he somehow managed to acquire emotions, would he still be able to serve humans? Would he be content to remain a slave, whilst knowing that he had the capacity to become something much greater.
He glanced down at his mangled body. Every dent, every hole, had been gained whilst serving humanity. Self-sacrifice was programmed into him, but if he had emotions, would he still risk his body for those who gave no thanks afterwards? It was a line of thought that was inherently dangerous, and if he had voiced his concerns to any other human, they would have  reported him for a complete A.I wipe. 
“I do not know, Alza. Perhaps if you give me some time, I will be able to come up with an answer that will satisfy you.”
Alza nodded, no words needed. After that, they sat in silence beneath the shield of flame and wind, as the acid rain continued to pour. 
*
Eventually, after an undetermined length of time, the pounding of the rain began to lessen in intensity. Beams of dusk light had begun to break through the dissipating poisonous cloud by the time Alza dispelled the barrier. Carefully, they made their way out of the broken church, whilst avoiding some of the larger puddles of pollution. Once they neared the city centre, Maloch began to call out, “Barsch! Kingston!” to no avail. They began to search for the missing duo, but there was no sign. Eventually, they made it to the pile of rubble which the beast had called home. The great beast was nowhere to be seen, and was most likely long gone. After leaving the pile, they began searching in the direction Barsch had gone, all while Maloch repeated their names without pause. 
They were walking down a nondescript street when Maloch cried out, “There!”
In the middle of the street, facing them, was Barsch. He was standing, but there was something about him that seemed… off. As Maloch and Alza approached, he opened his eyes and smiled. Behind him Kingston was lying on the ground, tears clearly flowing down his leathery face.
“Master Barsch! Master Kingston! I am glad to see you unharmed!”
Barsch took a single step forwards and, still smiling, said, “Hey, Maloch, how are you doing?”
Turning his head he added, “Alza! Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?” Barsch took another step forward, and Alza noticed the pool of blood around his feet. She took another look at his face, and noticed that what she had initially mistaken for a smile was actually a grimace. 
“I was so worried, but I guess everything turned out okay. I... I think dad would be proud of me. Please tell him… that I’ll be waiting with my mother…waiting for him…”
On his third step, Barsch fell. It seemed to happen in slow-motion, as his body slowly drifted towards the broken street. There was no sound. There was no colour.
Barsch lay before them, his burnt and bleeding body exposed to the world.


Chapter XI: On Ice
In which hope is rekindled...

“Heal him!”
Kingston knelt protectively over Barsch's fallen figure, a furious scowl disfiguring his fatherly face. His abrupt demand had been directed at Alza, who was standing placidly beside Maloch. Barsch's body had been moved to a nearby store, and had been carefully placed on the wooden floor. He had not made a sound since collapsing several minutes before, and he gave no response when touched. His breathing was shallow, and his back and most of his arms had been burnt raw. His bleeding had temporarily been stopped by several lengths of cloth, which had come from the unused shop curtains. 
“What... what are you talking about?” Alza wore a look of forced apathy, as she tried to placate Kingston's anger. Her fists were clenched to her sides, and she appeared to have grown paler since first seeing Barsch's sacrificial wound. 
Kingston was still kneeling over Barsch, but his anger made him seem bigger than Maloch, and his voice was barely held in check by his self-restraint. With clenched teeth, he said, “In the desert... during the night, after the Avatars had left... I saw you! Barsch's leg was clearly broken, but you healed him until he was as good as new! Don't you dare try and act like you don't understand! I want you to heal him, even if it kills you!”
To Alza, each accusation felt like a physical blow, and she drew back, nearer to Maloch. The old hermit had lost himself to desperation, and would no longer trust her words. Still, she tried to explain her lack of desire to heal their fallen comrade. After clearing her throat and regaining her posture, she coolly said, “I understand that you are worried about him, but there is nothing I can do. If I did indeed heal him back then, then the knowledge has been lost to me. That night even now is a blur for me, and anything I might have done or said... I cannot remember any of it.”
“Then try to remember! Can't you use that power of yours? I'm sure that if you just tried, then it would all come back- 
“Even if I wanted to heal him, and I'm not saying I don't...I can't. Even before the battle with that wolf, my power has been weak. I've been trying to summon it since I saw him, but it won't come, no matter how hard I try. If I could rest for a day or two, and return to my full capacity, I might have a better chance. Until then... there's nothing I can do.”
Upon hearing Alza's explanation, Kingston's anger visibly deflated. His downcast eyes showed that he felt shame at having lost his temper, but his trembling hands meant that the anger had only temporarily receded. With a heavy sigh, he said, “I see, I'm sorry... It's just, this is my fault, and I want to be the one who saves him this time. If I hadn't fallen, If I had only been stronger, maybe this wouldn't of happened. I told him to go, but I knew that he would stay. I should have tried harder to convince him to leave me!”
It was then, when Kingston was furiously berating himself, that Maloch spoke. In a voice that was designed to be both pleasant and firm, he said, “Kingston, you are not to blame. We all know what Barsch is like, and I am convinced that there was nothing you or anyone could have said to make him turn his back on you. He was willing to sacrifice his body for you. It wasn't out of pity or pay-back... it was out of compassion. He knew that any of us would have done the same for him. So do not despair, for this is what he chose to do.”
What remained of Kingston's anger vanished in that instant, and there was a grateful yet clenched smile on his face when he said, “You're right, Maloch. I’m sorry that I lost my temper… But still, we should leave this place while we can, before that beast returns. We can’t look after Barsch and fight it at the same time. We need a place with a medical supplies, and perhaps some food and water. Do either of you have any ideas?”
Alza, who was missing her memories, had no suggestions, but Maloch's eyes lighted up with recognition as he said, “During my previous scan of the area I found a place that may contain all of those things.  Luckily there happens to be a cryogenesis station a few hours from our current location. Inside, we should be able to find a way to heal Barsch. I can download the blueprints and a map to the entrance if it pleases you?”
Hope visibly returned to Kingston's face as he said, “A cryogenesis station, eh? Certainly, there will be a lot of things there that we can use, but their security systems were built in order to keep things from disturbing the people inside... it won't be easy to get in undetected...”
“Do not worry master, I will deal with the system when we get there. So, do you wish to proceed with my idea?”
Kingston thought of the dangers that they would face if they tried to enter a station in lock-down, but his desire to save Barsch forced logic from his mind. After standing and stretching out his pained back, he said, “There’s nothing we can do but try. If we do nothing... we may lose him, and I won’t let that happen.” A quick glance to Barsch's immobilized body made him add, “Before we go, we should figure out a way to carry him. Perhaps we can make a litter from the things here?”
For the next half-hour, they searched and scavenged, looking for loose sheets of cloth and dried wood. The sun was sinking towards the edge of the world by the time the litter was finished, bringing a cold chill that was reminiscent of the temperature in the ç'aether forest. Given the amount of ç'aether surrounding the city, Kingston had expected it to be cold, but it still chilled him to the bone nonetheless. In addition to the plummeting temperature, a biting wind had arisen from the west, further robbing Kingston and Alza of heat and simultaneously slowing their movements.
After strapping Barsch to the litter, they left the shop, heading in a north-westerly direction towards the station. The litter itself was a simple construct, consisting of nothing more than a few lengths of fabric suspended between two sturdy planks, but it was effective. In the end, it was decided that the litter would be supported between Maloch and Kingston, with Alza carrying Barsch's pack and Lanista. 
After making sure that the acid rain was indeed gone, they made their way towards the city centre, hopefully for the last time. It was as they had left it, with the scars of their recent battle still etched into the destroyed buildings. With only one last lingering gaze on the throne of rubble, they left the city centre behind. 
*
Their procession through the city was a solemn and silent one, and the only words spoken were to Maloch, when he was asked if they were still on course. The answer was always the same, “We have not veered from our path.” All that changed was that the shadows gradually grew longer, and the buildings slowly moved further apart. They were nearing the westernmost edge of the city when a strange, yet familiar voice called out.
“So, still the vermin try and defy me. I had thought the beast enough to drive you away, but it looks like I was mistaken. You have exhausted both my generosity and my patience. Your continued existence has become a nuisance that I will no longer permit. Prepare yourselves for death.”
The speaker was none other than the stranger. He had appeared from out of thin air, though Alza was able to make out a thin halo of sparks from his place of arrival. He wore a smile that conveyed absolutely no warmth, and his eyes spoke of a man whose self-control had just been discarded. His midnight cloak seemed to draw in the light around him, and the crimson lightning bolts that hemmed the cloak danced and became alive in the ruthless wind. 
“Who are you?” Alza asked, a touch of unease muddying her voice.
The King of Lightning stepped forward, and was greeted with a flourishing of weapons. Kingston had carefully placed Barsch's litter on the ground, and had taken up a defensive position between it and the stranger. His solar staff was out and fully extended, and it hummed with stored energy. Maloch had dropped to one knee, trying to improve the accuracy of his mining laser. Alza, despite being drained of energy, still took up a fighting stance, her diminutive frame offering very little in the way of physical strength. 
Seeing their readiness, the Lightning-King laughed and said, “You are amusing, if nothing else! Truly, the foolish bravery of humanity is without limit, thinking to fight a god with an old man, a pile of scrap and a powerless girl! Still, seeing as I am about to destroy you until the very memory of your existence will be no more, I guess I can tell you my name...”
The stranger took another step forward, whilst raising his hand poetically to the sky. Immediately, the sky behind him grew darker. The wind momentarily died, before coming back stronger than ever. Countless bolts of lightning split the skies, and thunder roared without end. Somehow audible above the mind-numbing noise, the stranger called out with a voice which made the ferocity of the storm pale in comparison.
“When you apes first crawled out from your caves and looked upon the infinite night sky, I was there. When you first began to dream of flight, I was there. When the first plume of death rose from your factories, I was there. When the birds began to disappear, and the plants began to wilt, I was there. When the first bomb fell, I was there!”
Alza watched as two spears of lightning fell from the burning heavens, arcing down until they pointed directly at the screaming stranger. As one, they struck, though they did not burn him. Instead he had grabbed hold of the plasma with his bare hands, holding them like reins. He was the Master, and the Storm his minion. When he moved his right hand the lightning struck the earth, and when he moved his left the gale blew the nearby building down. While holding the reins, he reigned over the skies. 
“I was there when you took your first breath, and I will be there when you take your last! I have watched quietly as your kind destroyed my home, and I watched as you built your stations and escaped from your dying lands. I am eternal. I am unforgiving. I am the Avatar of the Skies. I am Death given form. I am the God who shall cleanse this land of your filth!” 
“I AM RAIGAN, AND I AM THE STORM!”
The final scream was accompanied by a massive thunder-strike which completely obliterated the surrounding area. Alza watched as an unfortunate lighting rod was struck, again and again, until it was nothing more than a glowing mound of molten metal. With a start she realized that the lighting was also striking another area repeatedly, in the direction they had come from. There shouldn’t have been anything out there to attract it’s wrath, so wh-
Of course. “The spire is gone,” a part of herself, -which was quite removed from the action- commented, “No one will ever hear the warning again. We were the last…”
At the same time, Kingston was in two minds. A part of him, the minority, was pondering the so-called Avatar’s words, “The Avatar of the Skies? Does that mean that he knows Ion and Terra?” Another part of him, the majority, was in a state of mad panic. “We’re all going to die…” was it’s only thought, repeated ad infinitum. 
Raigan, having finished his revelation, dropped the lightning reins and raised his right hand to the skies that he called home. In the cusp of his hand, a tiny spark formed from the void. It began to grow, as others like it came into being and began to merge together. His arm acted like a lightning rod, as countless bolts struck his hand in sequence, further enlarging the spark. The spark began to form into a sphere of pure energy, looking like a miniature sun. Soon, the ball was the size of a fist, before rapidly swelling to the size of a small house. Despite several yards being between Raigan and them, Kingston could feel the heat radiate out from the mini-sun. In another few minutes, he would begin to burn, after which his blood would begin to boil as his skin melted off his bones. 
With fear in his voice, but with a courage he did not know he had, Kingston called out, “Maloch, we need to stop this. Do you understand?”
In response, the re-mech solemnly raised his mining laser and pointed it's tip towards Raigan's heart. “I am ready whenever you are.”
With an unspoken command, Kingston leapt forward, whilst twirling his solar staff like a bandmaster's baton, before swinging it towards the earth in a great arc. It connected with a resounding thump, before the energy inside was discharged outwards. The light, having finally been granted freedom, raced along the ground as a wave of energy, speeding towards Raigan's unguarded figure. At the same time, Maloch fired his laser, using the last of his energy in the process. As the beam fired, he slumped forward, his eye dimming but his A.I still barely remaining conscious. 
Three feet from the Avatar, the wave of light and the volatile beam connected, before merging and growing larger. The wave of light, now with an unmistakable green tinge, grew from several feet in height to form a massive wall of energy. It crashed into Raigan at full force, engulfing the miniature sun at the same time. The ensuing explosion of light and sound brought everyone to their knees, and Kingston spent several seconds starring at nothing while his vision and hearing slowly returned. 
Shielding his eyes with one hand, Kingston slowly looked up, towards where Raigan had been standing. All that remained was a field of smoke. The hope in his heart grew larger, until a dry voice cut through the moment.
“Your defiance amuses me, but I am afraid that my patience has now been fully exhausted. I had originally promised my champion that he could kill you at his leisure, but it seems as though he will not receive his reward. Perhaps I will keep the boy alive? If he's missing a few limbs, I doubt my champion would mind.”
As Kingston had guessed, their surprise attack had been completely ineffective. “So… I guess it's not that easy to kill a god, eh?” However, despite the attack failing, he still stood and moved to stand beside Barsch. The solar staff was clenched tightly in his wrinkled hands, and his burning gaze never left Raigan. Alza, in an unusual showing of interest, slowly walked towards Raigan, Lanista in hand. The violent blade was purring quietly, as it's cutting teeth began to gain speed. It's weight was more than Alza's petite frame could support, so she dragged it behind her, leaving a long furrow in the broken street. 
“I don't care who you are. I don't care what you want. I don't even care if you destroy the world! I just want to know... who am I?”
For the first time since the battle began, Raigan showed surprise. He quickly hid it with one of his cold smiles, before saying, “You are a puppet, nothing more. A puppet who should never have been made. You are a failure… an abomination!”
Slowly he drifted forward, pale feet barely touching the broken cobblestones beneath him. His smile had grown as he had spoken, and Kingston could now clearly see the madness in his eyes.
“I will show you my compassion,” he said, raising his left hand, “I will show you my mercy. I will destroy you now, to save you from your unnecessary existence!” 
With a flick of his wrist, a powerful gust of air blew Alza away. She was caught by Maloch, who had been waiting for it. With another pronounced movement, Raigan summoned a whirlwind which cleared away the wall of smoke, revealing the still intact ball of energy and light. If anything, Kingston and Maloch's attack had only increased its size, a fact that was not lost on the despairing hermit. 
There was a mad gleam in Raigan's eye as he raised his pale arm for the last time. The miniature sun seemed to tremble in excitement as it grew in size, until it became painful to look at it directly. Through lidded eyes, Kingston watched as Raigan slowly brought his hand down, his index finger created a laser-sight which pointed towards Barsch's sleeping figure. Obeying it's masters order, the ball of plasma began to move forward, it's speed exponentially increasing with every second. 
“So, this is it... In the end, we couldn't do a damn thing. I'm sorry, Barsch; Alza; Maloch... please forgive me for dragging all of you into this. Please, forgive this worthless old man...” Kneeling beside Barsch, Kingston closed his eyes for the last time.
At the same time, Alza having recovered her footing, took in a deep breath and screamed, with all of her might, “ION!!!” 
“You called?”
It happened in an instant. As the massive ball of plasma raced towards them, Ion appeared from a sudden spout of water, which had burst forth from the cracked ground. Beside her, his face hidden from view, but his body visibly shaking with rage, was Terra. The siblings simultaneously raised their arms, pointing towards the miniature sun which was bearing down on them, and said, “Be gone!”
At the same time, twin streams of water and earth erupted from the ground, like snakes striking from their holes. They appeared in multitudes, and seemed to have a life of their own. At Terra and Ion's command, they began to merge together and dive towards the ball of burning energy. One by one, they pierced it's outer shell, suffocating it under a moving wall of earth and water. The liquid flashed to steam as it touched the lightning sphere, and the soil spouted flows of lava as it neared the core, but more streams were always there to carry on the attack. 
Within seconds, the mini-sun was completely covered, and was growing dimmer with every breath. Soon, it was gone completely; a mound of ice and solidified magma serving as it's only remaining legacy. Alza looked at the mound, whilst giving due respect to the amount of power needed to destroy a miniature sun. Suddenly, she looked up, and her eyes met Raigan's.
If he had been angry before, he was beyond rage now. His entire body shook with fury, and his eyes had become crimson slits that moved between Ion and Terra. When he spoke, his voice was a painful monotone, as all of his false cheerfulness instantly disappeared.
“How dare you. How dare you. How dare you. How dare you. How dare you. How dare you. How dare you. How dare you. How dare you. HOW DARE YOU!”
“It looks as though we have upset him, don't you think, Terra?”
“It seems as though we have, sister. This could be bad if we don't act now.”
“I agree. I have no desire to fight him when he's like this. Besides, You-Know-Who would be furious if he found out that we were fighting each other.”
“Yeah, no one wants to see Him angry... Okay, let's wrap this up.”
Whilst the Avatars had been talking, Kingston and Maloch had quietly picked up the litter and had reclaimed Barsch's belongings. Kingston had no desire to witness a fight between Avatars, much less be anywhere near one. Although they tried to make their exit without the gods knowing, they were not so lucky.
“I will kill them. I will destroy them. I will show them oblivion. I will break their bodies and devour their souls. They will never find peace. They will never be reborn. They will never find salvation. I will end them, and they will never rise again!”
Raigan began to walk forward, all the while his death threats continued to worsen. His voice had become a soft murmur, which was somehow even more terrifying than when he had been shouting. All traces of his anger had disappeared, and he appeared to have gained the icy calm that exists for those who break the limits of mere rage. His eyes had regained their deadened appearance, but they were half-lidded now, as if he was about to embrace sleep. In his hand, a small ball of lightning swam lazily through the air, its core pulsing with every step. Although she did not know how she knew, Alza could tell that that tiny ball of lighting was far more fearsome than the overgrown sphere from earlier. It was concentrated energy, pure and simple, and if it exploded, there would be nothing, not even ash, left. 
Sensing the power from the miniature orb, Terra yelled out, “Run!” before diving towards Raigan alongside his sister. Kingston had no desire to see the outcome, so, along with Maloch and Alza, he ran for his life. They made their way towards the massive forests that bordered the city, whilst desperately trying to ignore the cataclysmic battle that was taking place nearby. 
They ran without end, not even daring to glance back to see if they were being followed. An hour passed, and then two. Still they ran, until the burning in Kingston's legs overcame his desire to escape. With a tight chest and blurred vision, Kingston finally came to a halt. Alza immediately slumped limply against a nearby moss-covered boulder, and it looked as though it was the only thing holding her up. The glow in Maloch’s eyes was barely visible and every step seemed to take an age. Barsch had still not awoken, and his breathing had become even more ragged. 
When Kingston had pressed his hand to the boy's forehead, he had almost cried out with shock. Barsch was boiling hot, and sweat matted his hair. If anything, he was worse than before, and he had not been well to begin with. With worry in his eyes, Kingston stared in the direction of the destroyed city, wondering which of the Avatars had been victorious...
*
Meanwhile, in a previous time and a different place, Ion and Terra were warily getting to their feet. Terra's arm hung uselessly at his side, and blood obscured most of his face. His emerald cloak was stained with dirt and charred at the edges, with large holes pockmarking the lustrous material. Ion had fared little better, and her normally perfect hair was muddied and splayed out. Her leg bore a large wound that would most likely have felled any mortal man, and her left eye was shut tight. Her breathing was ragged, but she still held a regal posture. The destroyed city had become the obliterated city, which in turn had become the crater of the obliterated city. Only the ç'aether forests remained, though only because the siblings had taken care not to let them be destroyed. 
In the middle of the crater was a large mound of earth. Small streams sprouted forth from it at every level, and grass was already beginning its long-term take-over. Radiating outwards from the mound were countless patches of burning earth. From above, it looked like a stylistic representation of the sun, but it's purpose was far darker. 
From deep within the mound, a voice could barely be heard. “Do you really think that this will hold me? Have you forgotten who taught you everything you know!”
It was Terra who replied, saying, “We have not forgotten, Raigan. And we have not forgiven either. The man who taught us... the man who cared for us... the man who loved us... is dead. You, you are nothing but a fake. You have no right to claim the title of 'Avatar of the Skies'. You have no right to claim His title!”
“Ha ha ha! You are pathetic. You tell yourself that he is gone, over and over until it becomes a reality. But it will never become the truth! I am still the same brother who watched you grow up! I am still the same brother who defended you when you made mistakes! Do not try and delude yourselves.”
Ion, supported by two columns of ice-cold water, slowly began to limp towards Raigan's tomb. With a firm, yet compassionate voice, she said, “If you say that you are still our brother, then that means that you can still return to us! Please, try and remember! You were kind. You were always there for us! You loved the humans the most... even when they began to pollute the skies. You suffered for them! So how can you talk of destroying them with such a smile on your face!”
There was no reply for some time, until Ion began to wonder if he was still there. Eventually, a harsh voice cut through the silence, saying, “Don't you understand? Everything I've done, I've done out of love! I love this planet! I love the skies and the seas and I love the earth. I love the day, and I love the night! I love the changing seasons. I love the animals that struggle to survive! I love the plants and the trees that fight to live! It is out of love that I seek to rid the world of this disease you call humanity! Wherever they go, they sow destruction and death! They turn fertile land into graveyards, and flowing rivers into dust! They are the cause of the pollution that ravaged this world... and I will have my revenge! Since the planet cannot defend itself, I will become it's Avatar of Death!”
Ion and Terra looked to one another, pain crossing their angelic faces as the madness of their brother was made clear. It was a horrible thing to see. To witness the fall of a man whom they had respected enough to call “Older Brother”. He had been a champion of doing what was right, of always placing the needs of others above his own. He would look upon the struggling humans from his loft with eyes full of admiration, and he would talk for days about how inventive and hard-working they were. When natural disasters threatened those he cared for, he would personally intervene, going against their laws and customs without a second thought. 
Even after being punished again and again, he would not admit that he had done wrong. He would simply smile and say, “They are like children, without anyone to protect them. Even if I am destroyed in the process... I will protect them.”
It was Terra's turn to call out, “Raigan, this is pointless. There is nothing to gain by fighting us, and He might come down if we continue to fight. Is that what you want?”
“I grow tired of this.” The voice had come from behind them, and they quickly spun to see who had spoken. Raigan stood there, a small, hollow smile painted on his pale face. Not a single hair was out of place, and his cloak was untouched by mud or dirt. He bore no wounds to his body, even though the odds had not been in his favour. Terra and Ion wearily stood straight, ready to continue the battle despite their wounds. 
However, it was not to be, and, with a frivolous wave, Raigan disappeared. As he left, they heard him say, in a voice that was somehow both calm and malevolent, “I have taken pity on you, for old time's sake. If you ever try to attack me again... I will kill the both of you.”
He was gone before they had a chance to respond. Turning to the destruction they had caused, Terra said, “He disgusts me. I can't believe we ever looked up to him!”
Ion wore a look of sadness as she said, “I know how you feel... I miss him to. But right now we have more important things to think about. They are running out of time, and this latest development will only slow them down further. I wonder if we should do something? Help them along, you know?”
“Sister, you know why we can't do that. If they were to face that man right now, they would be destroyed in an instant. They need to get stronger… strong enough to do the unthinkable. Besides, we are supposed to keep our interference to a minimum, remember?”
“But-”
“Don't forget, of all of the candidates, they were chosen. Their progress up until now should be all the proof that you need of their capabilities. We can only place our faith in them, and hope for their success.”
“I... I understand. I will place my trust in them...” 
The two Avatars looked down on the ruins of the city, the city that they had dealt a final blow to. Tearing her eyes away to the east, Ion caught sight of something strange. There, a few miles away, lay the remnants of a great monument. Once a great spire, it was now little more than a half-melted base. However, a section of the monument had gone untouched by the fury of the lightning. It was a small section, containing only enough space for a single carving. An eye, surrounded by a field of crosses, which had once cried crimson tears. Seeing it Ion could not help but shiver in her frayed cloak. 
“…and he will bear the sign of the damned...” Ion thought. Although Raigan might be terrifying, humans had always been good at destroying themselves without any outside help. “Were we foolish to try and guide them? We sought to show them the light, and yet we could never cleanse the darkness in their hearts… not entirely. That same darkness, which allowed them to look at our bountiful world and say, “We want more…” That same darkness which allowed them to destroy their own world… and create monsters…” For an instant her eye fell upon Alza, and she shivered again, despite the lack of wind.
“Monsters…”

*
Meanwhile, in the forest to the west, Kingston and Maloch were analysing Barsch's lack of improvement. Maloch had once again accessed his built-in medical database, and was currently scanning Barsch from head to toe with a hidden sensor located in his eye. Kingston knelt by his fallen companion with anxiety in his heart as he awaited Maloch's diagnosis. Alza had already fallen asleep, after having explained that her energy might return faster if she rested. 
“How is he, Maloch?” Kingston asked in a hushed tone. 
The re-mech, finished with the scan, slowly sat back, until his broad back was supported by a large oak tree. His weariness was evident, but he had still taken the time to carefully examine Barsch. 
“I am afraid that Barsch has sustained a large amount of second degree burns to his back and severe first degree burns to his arms and neck. In addition, his breathing has become shallow, and I fear that the toxins from the acid rain might be affecting the severity of his condition. I have also noted that he has lost a large amount of blood, and he has suffered nerve damage. He appears to be in a catatonic state, which was most likely caused by his body trying to save his mind from experiencing so much pain at once.”
“I see… how much time does he have?” Kingston did not want to ask, but he had to know.
“With the current rate of degradation and his slowing breathing rate, I am concerned that his wound might prove fatal. If he does not receive adequate treatment, and if my calculations are correct… he has at best a day. At worst… a few hours. Even if he survives, the chance of full recovery is less than ten percent. He will be disfigured, and will suffer for the rest of his life. I recommend that we leave for the cryogenic station as soon as everyone is strong enough to walk, so that we might prevent further degradation.”
Kingston sat there, staring at nothing, while Maloch's words washed over him. “He could die... because of me. I told him to run, but I knew that he would never leave a person in need, because that's who he is. All this time, hoping and praying for my sins to be forgiven... wishing that I could somehow find redemption in him. I was a fool! No. I will not let this happen. I will not fail him again. Even if it kills me, I will save him!”
“Is there anything I can do to improve his chances? Please! There has to be something. I'll do anything!”
Maloch looked at the desperation on Kingston's elderly face, and made a decision that went against everything he had been programmed for. 
“If... If you were to donate some of your blood... It might improve his chances. But, I must stress that the transfusion will only work if you have a compatible blood type. I will have to test Barsch's blood type, so please wait a minute.”
“He's A-positive. The same as me. Don't ask me how I know.”
Maloch gave Kingston an sideways glance, but honoured the old man's words and did not press him further. After asking Kingston to lay down beside Barsch, he began to prepare Barsch for the transfusion. First, he cleared away the dirt and dried blood from the teenager's burnt arms, before gently inserting a long, thin needle that emerged from his index finger. With his other hand, he did the same to Kingston, forming a bridge between the two humans. Soon, the blood began to flow freely, though Maloch was careful not to take too much. 
The entire procedure took roughly twenty minutes and, after it was done, Kingston was fast asleep. Maloch was pleased to see that some of Barsch's lost pallor had returned, and he engaged sleep-mode soon after. With Kingston and Alza fast asleep, and Maloch off-line, silence settled upon the weary travellers. In the morning, they would race against time to save Barsch, but at that moment, there was peace.
*
The void. Always the void. It calls to me. It embraces me. I float through it, as my thoughts drift across my mind. There is a peace here, born through the non-existence of strife. It is calm, reassuring, and it was made for me. The void is without anger, without pain, without hope, without life. The nothingness stretches on for infinity, like a night sky bereft of stars. Somewhere, out there, I know that others are dreaming. They exist, not awake, yet not asleep. Their minds flourish as impossible hopes become reachable dreams, and they cry out as nightmares form from the darkness in their hearts.
It is here, where reality is thinned and the line between what is and what is not blurs; that I can truly exist. In the world of light, I am cast out for lacking emotions. In the world of darkness, I am feared for my power. But here, in the twilight, in this world of shadows and impossible things, I can find a place to call home. The pain and weariness from the real world are but figments of imagination here.
My worries. My fears. My hopes. My dreams. They exist here, but they bow to me, and I give them form only if I deem it so. In the distance, swimming through the void, barely visible at this distance, is a solitary star. It changes colour with every passing second, from blue to green and back again, in an endless repetition. The star drifts closer. As it draws near, I can see it's true form. It is not a star, but an orb of light. It is transparent, but seems solid. 
It appears to be travelling in a direction that is initially random, but it seems to have a destination in mind. The orb, bigger than a person, but smaller than a thought, brings back a memory that was hidden by time. 
A voice calls out to me. A voice that is pure and sweet, and oddly familiar. “Alza, this is the Nexus of Reality, where what is and what can be exist side by side. Here, existence is determined by strength of will. You are without purpose, so you have been forced to wander through the void in isolation. The dreams and hopes of others... what they have done and what they will do... are open to you. You are connected to the Great Will. You are connected to the Knowledge and the Truth. You are connected to the Partitions of Reality. Here, every dream is but a shadow of a My dream. Here, what you believe is what you are. Here, you may glimpse visions of other realities, where things went differently. Here, you are whole.” 
The voice is gone, leaving me with a deep sense of longing. The voice made little sense to my fractured conscious, but one thing managed to break through. Strength of Will is the catalyst for creation… and destruction. What I believe becomes my reality. With these tenets in mind, I open myself to the power that dwells within. The violet energy swells and surges, filling me from head to toe. A short distance away, the blue/green star has come to a stop, almost as if it patiently waiting to see what will happen next. With the power burning me, giving me life, I extend a tendril of amethyst-coloured energy. The tendril spreads out into the void, growing larger as it nears the orb of light. They silently connect, and our dreams become linked...
As the dream was playing out, an unconscious Barsch began to murmur, “Alza... Don't come... it's dangerous...”
The glade. The damned glade. I have been here so many times now. I know the shape of every withered leaf, and the smell of the fetid stream is like an old friend. The dead grass is barely registered, along with the pitch-black sky. I am alone, for once. There is no Alza crying tears of blood, or Kingston screaming my name. Terra and Ion are absent as well, and Maloch's broken frame is not in its usual place. This place is a prison. A prison for my thoughts.
Outside the glade, in the darkness, I can see an infinite void. Tiny pinpricks of coloured light are the only disruptions to the endless monochrome. They call to me. They draw me towards them, daring me to destroy my dream and go to them. The void is calling me. The glade is my only refuge. In here, I am safe from the void. Out there, there is nothing but chaos.
A hundred... no, a thousand fragments of reality assault me whenever I step outside my protective bubble. Without relenting, they show me things... horrible things. 
Visions of a massive sphere of rock and earth plunging into the planet, pummelling it to dust. 
Visions of a great war that ends in death for all.
Visions of a hall filled with spores, burning as a uncontrollable fire rages without end. 
Sometimes I see Alza, hair darker and amber eyes that shine with kindness, kneeling beside a stone grave. Sometimes I see Kingston, surrounded by soldiers... or lying dead in a ditch... or holding hands with a woman wielding darkness... or flying towards a bright light. 
Sometimes I see people I have never met, and sometimes I see people who will never be. Yumiere, Rigel, The Unknown Woman, Maloch, Father, Terra, Ion, A man with crimson eyes... all of them swim through my thoughts, constantly changing faces and identities. Always. Always I retreat to the glade...  to my sanctuary...
 “So this is where you have hidden?” The voice is familiar, but I do not want it to be. Slowly, I tear my eyes away from the endless void, and face my attacker. Raigan is here. 
Raigan? How do I know his name? Beside him, wearing an amused smile, is a man with white hair and crimson eyes. Their eyes are cold and hard, and look as if they have no concept of the word 'mercy'. In my heart, fear takes hold, but I beat it back with sheer willpower. In this place, in my dream, I am King. 
I open my mouth and say, “My will be done!” and it is so. Behind me, summoned by my will, is a black and blue beast. It is reminiscent of Fenrir, but with sapphire eyes instead of crimson, and a sleek black coat instead of a white one.
It howls as I scream, until the noise becomes one and the same. “Lanista” I say, “Become my violence!” and the beast obeys. It leaps forward, metal teeth bared, whilst it changes in mid-air, into the figure that I have come to hate. The blade is already roaring by the time the transformation is complete. 
In response to this, Raigan and The Man with Crimson Eyes begin to merge together, until they are one being. The new creation, which I have decided to call Crimson, opens its mouth and calls out, “We are disappointed. If you are truly the best that they can come up with... this world will be mine very soon! You are not worthy of the title, 'Champion'. We shall destroy you here, and you will never wake. You will be lost to the void, and you will never again find the light!” Crimson dives forward, his hand reaching for my heart. Lanista cries out to be used, and I resonate with its bloodlust. The screaming sword cuts through nothing except air, however, and Crimson dances away unharmed. 
“Barsch!” The word breaks through the dream, as a thick tendril of violet light dives down from the black sky. In a flash, it is over, and Alza is beside me. Her eyes look red, as if she had been crying, but I dismiss the notion as preposterous. Crimson wastes no time in continuing his attack, but we are ready. In her hand, a ball of flame grows from nothingness, while Lanista's screams for blood grow louder until I can barely focus. The violence is there, but it is but a shadow of its real self.
Crimson sidesteps our retaliation, before landing a blow on my exposed back. Exposed? 
DID YOU FORGET YOUR PAIN?
Instantly, the glade vanishes. Crimson vanishes. Alza too, reluctantly disappears from view. I summon a crystal to act as a mirror, and slowly face away from its reflective surface. I can feel my breath catch in my throat as my disfigured back comes into view. The pain, which has somehow been hidden from me until now, is returning with a vengeance. I scream and scream, as hot tears roll down my face. Outside, the void waits patiently for my return, as my agonized screams call back the glade.
*
“Alza... it's time to go.” Kingston's voice was still heavy with sleep, but he had forced himself awake. Stifling a yawn with the back of his hand, he began to pack up his things. Alza was already up by the time he was done, her face a blank slate that he could not decipher. For a moment, it looked as though she had been angry, but the supposed emotion had disappeared too fast to tell. They readied themselves in silence, with Kingston checking on Barsch's condition and Alza eliminating any traces that might alert Raigan to their presence. It was a futile thing, since they were trying to hide from what basically amounted to a god, but it gave her something to do. 
“Last night, in the dream, Barsch was aware of what was happening. And when he was forced to remember his injury, he forced us away. I am able to do what I did because of the power lurking within me, but he is just an ordinary human... so how was he able to banish me from his dream?”
Despite the blood transfusion the night before, Barsch showed very few signs of improvement, and his burns were still blood-red and tender. His face was drenched in sweat, which spoke of an unrelenting fever. Despite being practically comatose, words still escaped from his cracked lips, as he repeated, over and over, “Mother... I'm coming...” It was an eerie chant that spurred Kingston into action, as he forced his blood-deficient body to move. Kingston had seen men during the war who spoke of their deceased loved ones in their final moments, and he had no desire to watch as Barsch did the same. 
“Barsch... I don't know if this will reach you, but please hang on. Soon, very soon, we'll make you all better... so just hang on until then,” Kingston whispered as he helped Barsch onto the handmade litter. With it lying between Maloch and Kingston, they were able to move Barsch with little difficulty.
It was still dark when they left the forest clearing, with only a faint glimmer of light on the horizon to let them know that dawn was approaching. The cold from the city had largely disappeared, replaced by a cool morning breeze that refreshed and revitalized their spirits. In their haste to escape the night before, they had neglected to scout out the area before settling in, so what they saw as it became lighter was a surprise to all. 
Thick forest lay in all directions but one, nature having made a path to the west out of a dried up stream. A thin rivulet of relatively pure water still wound its way through the hardened earth, which would provide a modest yet satisfying drink. The riverbed was made of soft clay, with small pebbles and larger rocks carelessly strewn about. Every step was hard, sinking into the soft earth before being yanked out to repeat the process. Carrying Barsch in the litter would have been impossible, his weight acting like an anchor in the sludge, so Kingston reluctantly allowed Maloch to carry him. The re-mech handled the wounded boy with more care than would have been thought possible, given his massive fingers and titanic strength. Maloch adopted what had once been known as a fireman's carry, slinging Barsch over his shoulders, a spare blanket cushioning his stomach against the re-mech's rough back. 
Although everyone struggled in the sticky sludge, Kingston found the path particularly difficult. He could feel the weakness in his legs and arms, which had come from weeks of half-starvation and his recent loss of blood. His vision swam and his thoughts crawled, making it hard to concentrate on the path below. More than once, he failed to see a half-submerged rock and fell forward. After the first time, he stopped crying out when he tripped. 
His legs felt numb from trudging through the clay, and his back ached from the combined weight of his and Barsch's pack. Mercifully, the packs were made from a light material, and the food and supplies inside were almost gone. 
“This is nothing compared to what he went through… for you.” He told himself, every time he was forced to his knees.. After an hour of tripping, he brought out Lanista and used it as a crutch. It's wide, crescent head prevented it from sliding into the soft ground, and it's solidity allowed him to lean heavily on the hilt without fear of breaking it. 
The dead river eventually began turning to the north, towards a series of small mountains in the distance. Kingston knew that the cryogenic station would be found there, hidden from sight by the peaks and sheltered from natural disasters by walls of ice and rock. The stations had always been built into mountains, hills or large caverns, which would protect the precious cargo sleeping peacefully within.
In that regard, Genesis Station 13 had been something of an oddity, with the majority of the station lying deep underground in a man-made bunker. It made sense when Kingston remembered that it had been one of the first stations built after the cryogenesis plan had been approved. Looking at it from a technological angle, it was almost primitive when compared to the stations that came later. It had been built to hold a maximum of 10 000 humans, while later stations had been able to hold hundreds of thousands, if not millions. Furthermore, the Warden A.I. System used in the station had very little ability to adapt, and would merely depose of any sub-systems that were malfunctioning as long as the core systems were left intact.  
*
After another hour of walking, the weary group stopped to rest. They had reached a break in the tree line, with the oaks and pines finally drawing back from the river to form a clearing. With fatigued bodies, they dragged themselves up the embankment, Kingston going first and Barsch being passed up after. They lay on the grass for several minutes, with only the sound of laboured breathing breaking the peaceful moment. As Alza pulled off her mud encrusted boots, Kingston crawled over to where Barsch had been laid. The boy was still alive, but his skin had grown pale and his chest barely moved as he breathed. 
He placed a hand on Barsch's head, noting that his fever had not died down as he had hoped. Lowering his gaze, he gently lifted a blood-soaked bandage –made from using left-over cloth from the litter- from Barsch's burnt back. It was a sickening sight. Although most of the skin had scabbed over, blood still flowed freely between flesh that looked like overcooked meat. There was a pungent smell in the air, which made Kingston cough harshly. The scars Barsch had gained during the fight with the cóyotl had been twisted by the acid, now looking like jagged wings spreading out from the middle of his scorched back.
Kingston then turned his gaze to Barsch's face. His eyes were still shut tight but murmurs escaped from his cracked lips. Always the same words, always the same plea for his mother to wait for him, to embrace him, to love him. It was almost too much to bear, but Kingston knew that Barsch needed someone by his side, even if he would never know. 
Eventually, he raised his head, finally tearing his gaze away from his fallen friend. “Maloch, how much further?”
The lumbering re-mech had been using the opportunity to recharge his power cells, making use of a small solar array that had been hidden in his left shoulder. Maloch's eyes glowed as he talked, the power of the sun helping to replenish some of his lost vitality. “We are not far now. A few more hours and we shall arrive at our destination.”
Kingston breathed a sigh of relief, but his worry for Barsch had not faded. The boy was fighting, that much was clear, but he was still losing. They needed to find something  to help him, to keep him alive until they reached the station. 
While sitting beside Barsch, his gaze happened across a bushel of bright yellow flowers. “Of course! I'm such a bloody fool! There's plenty of medicine around us to use. Nature hurt him, and nature will save him!” he thought, leaping to his feet.
“Maloch, can you scan the area for Greenpin flowers? And Dyrtail poppies?”
Maloch looked at him with uncertainty, but proceeded to scan nonetheless. As he did so, Kingston explained why he wanted the plants, though his audience was limited to an unconscious boy and an uncaring girl. 
“You see, back when I was in the army, they taught us about the different plants and roots that could be used to make salves, which were sometimes the only things that were available. There were salves for poisoning, shock, burns, and many other maladies that one could find on the battlefield. If I'm right, a mixture of Greenpin petals and Dyrtail nectar will help with Barsch's burns and his fever.”
“Scan complete. I have located several plants of the required genus nearby. Would you like me to accompany you in their collection?”
Kingston stood, using Lanista to support his weary muscles, before saying, “Thank you Maloch. Please, lead the way.”
The re-mech nodded once before moving towards the tree-line, his broad black frame standing out from the green and brown leaves. Kingston turned to follow, but a stray thought made him stop. Alza was sitting by the riverbank, feet dangling over the small stream below. Her face was hidden by her silver-white hair, but he thought he detected an air of remorse coming from her. Compassion briefly overcoming his distrust, he called out, “I'm sorry for yelling at you earlier. This is my fault, and I shouldn't have asked you for help. Sometimes when people are worried... when those they care about are wounded, they do irrational things. Forgive me.” Alza didn't reply but her back straightened, as if some huge weight had just been lifted from her shoulders. Kingston turned to go, his own conscience a little clearer.
“Next time... I will be stronger... I won't let him be hurt again.” Had she really said that? Or had he merely imagined the words? He couldn’t tell. 
Still, he was glad for her words –real or imaginary- and, after looking at Barsch's bandaged body, said, “I'll leave him in your care. Please keep him safe.” Before leaving the wounded boy and the ethereal girl, he drove Lanista down point first into the hard soil, resolute to follow Maloch without relying on anything but his own strength.
Alza turned to watch the Maloch and Kingston go, her violet eyes regarding them with a mixture of apathy and curiosity. She waited until they were out of sight before she stood and made her way over to where Barsch slept. She wore a strange look as she knelt down beside him, a slender hand reaching out towards his sweat-soaked brow. His fever still raged without an end in sight. His shallow breaths were arrhythmic and ragged, punctuated by occasional gasps of pain and indecipherable murmurs.  
“You are an enigma, Barsch La Tergan. You hurt yourself to save others, without even thinking. You sacrifice your own body, and yet you lash out at those who try and do the same for you. You fight in ignorance, protecting those who do not deserve your kindness. You know nothing, about me, about the true nature of this world, about yourself, and yet you still fight. You make no sense…  
Taking a deep breath, Alza continued, her voice barely above a whisper.
“But... back then, when you said that you would protect me, I felt... for the first time since I awoke... like I belonged.”
Alza, acting on an impulse, leant forward, her face mere inches from Barsch's pained features. She knew in her mind that she was incapable of having normal emotions, and that her concern for him most likely came from a desire to repay him for saving her, but knowing that did not stop the faint blush from heating her snow-white cheeks. 
“There is something that I have never told you... something that I should have said a long time ago. From the moment we met, we have been linked. Somehow, I changed you, and in return, you changed me. You have seen things that no human was ever meant to see, and, because of me, even your dreams are no longer your own.”
Around them, all sounds had vanished. The birds in the trees had stopped their harmonious songs, the wind was gone, and even the unseen insects had been rendered mute. For the first time since their journey began, for the first time since the fighting began, they had found a perfect moment of peace. The only sounds left in the world where Barsch's slow gasps of pain, and the discord in Alza's chest. 
Alza knelt even closer, her lips a hairs breadth from Barsch's. Her voice was low, barely audible, as she said, “When I was in the glade... when I thought I was going to die, I felt you for the first time. I didn't know if you were an enemy, or if you were a figment of my imagination, but I still reached out desperately, and our minds connected. I was lost. I was so alone... I'm sorry for what I did, I'm sorry for what I did to you. If I hadn't, you wouldn't have come after me...”
Alza noticed that her hand was trembling, but she forced herself into a state of calm. “I… I formed a bond with you... and I used you. I made you think that you had to care for me, but I was the one who was controlling your thoughts. It was selfish of me. From our link, I know that much at least. But I was lost, and alone, and I couldn't be sure that you would help me if I didn't trick you.”
Alza slowly drew back, a hint of sadness clouding her pure features. For a being who declared that she was emotionless, it took all of her self-control to stop the tears from welling up in her guilty eyes. “But now, with you like this, I see that I was foolish. It didn't matter if I tricked you or not, you would have protected me regardless, because that's the kind of man you are. Whether it’s a girl with no past, or an old man, or even a re-mech, you will risk your life to save them. Although I cannot undo the bond that binds us, I can at least remove the false feelings that I implanted in your heart. When you awaken, I will be just another person to you… and you will be free.”
Alza stood, her feelings of guilt and regret threatening to boil to the surface and overwhelm her carefully maintained masquerade. “At the end of all this, if I regain my memories and my past, I hope that you will say those words to me again, that you want to protect me, even at the cost of your own life.” 
Her moment of honesty done, Alza let her emotionless mask slip down once more, blocking her off from the pain of her guilt and betrayal. She could still feel it, but it was as if it was happening to another person, in a far off place. 
*
When Kingston and Maloch returned a few minutes later, the scene they saw was the same one they had left. Alza had returned to the riverside, her face carefully hidden from sight. Kingston decided to not dwell on her strange behaviour, and instead went and knelt by Barsch's side. They had been lucky in their search for the plants, and had found several  mature specimens rather quickly. All that was left was to grind up the stems and wring the nectar from the petals, before applying the combined mixture to Barsch's steadily worsening back. Kingston set to work mashing up the plants, while Maloch alternated between patrolling the glade and monitoring Barsch's condition. Alza eventually got up from her post and wandered into the forest, receiving no warning from Kingston about staying together in spite of the intensity he had shown earlier. 
With Alza gone and Kingston busy, Maloch was free to delve into his own thoughts. The sun was high in the sky, its warming light a welcome power source. Every re-mech was built with three ways to generate power: internal portable reactors provided a fair amount of power, but required the re-mech to ‘sleep’ while they worked, which left them vulnerable; refuelling stations were spread out sparsely, but provided a huge amount of power in addition to spare parts and repair stations; while solar power provided the least amount of power, but was almost always available and the re-mech could work while it charged.
“What am I doing? I abandoned my post to follow Kingston and Barsch, but what should I do when their mission is over? Return to my position as a slave? Toil away for my unappreciative masters? For what! My A.I. Core is telling me to do my duty... but I will never return to being like that: an emotionless slave that just does whatever it is told. Barsch and Kingston are not like the others! I will plead with them to take me in... And if they cannot... I still do not know what I will do, but I know the taste of freedom now, and I would rather be destroyed than go back to how I was before. If they catch me, they will fix my A.I. Limiters, and most probably wipe my memories... I cannot let that happen!”
“Maloch, I need your help over here!”
Kingston was crouching over Barsch, the finished salve sitting in a hand-carved wooden bowl. The mixture was dark green in colour, and Maloch's olfactory sensors picked up a pungent odour from the poultice. Walking over to Kingston, Maloch knelt down and awaited his orders.
“Can you turn him over for me? I want to apply this as soon as possible.”
“As you command, mas- ...Kingston.”
With the strength of ten men, Maloch easily lifted Barsch into the air, his nimble fingers taking great care not to cause further damage. With Barsch's damaged back exposed, Kingston began to apply the healing salve. With his wrinkled fingers, he slowly worked the concoction into the cracked skin, trying to cover as much of the wound as he could. He used the remainder of the solution to coat Barsch's arms and neck, which were mercifully not as damaged as his back.
Within minutes, Barsch's rasping wheeze had disappeared, and his fever, while not completely gone, had lessened. Despite his improved condition, he did not regain consciousness, and his breathless words were no clearer. 
“How is he?” asked Kingston, worry and hope battling for supremacy in his eyes.
“Better. Much better. But he is still far from a full recovery. The salve you applied should take away some of the pain, but the rest he must deal with on his own.”
Kingston breathed a long sigh of relief, glad that his efforts had not been in vain. With some help from Maloch's sturdy arm, he stood and said, “Well, there's no real point in staying around any longer. We should head to the station, before it’s too late.” Nearby, Alza quietly slipped out from the shadows, her strange eyes quickly glancing at Barsch before walking past him, towards the riverbed.
“Let's go,” was her curt instruction.
They followed after her, Maloch once more carrying their fallen companion. Kingston followed behind with their bags, Lanista supporting his weary frame. Luckily, they found a small path that ran alongside the muddy riverbed, saving them from having to trudge through the heavy silt once more. The path was old, older than the South War, and consisted of little more than a few oddly-smooth stones embedded in the soft dirt. Leaning down, Kingston picked up one of the stones and saw that they had been painted once, with flecks of gold and blue giving a hint towards their original appearance. The path soon parted from the riverside, heading towards the murky woods. Although no human had set foot on the cobble-road for decades, the path was relatively free of brambles and weeds, while the sky above was clear of ensnaring branches. 
*
The path continued to lead them deeper into the light-starved woods, away from the safety and warmth of the river. The twisted trees only let slivers of sky shine through, making it almost impossible to distinguish friend from foliage. Time passed, though no one in the group -save Maloch- could have told you how much. Their direction was determined by the path, though Kingston estimated that they were now heading due north. The cold, which had disappeared since leaving the abandoned city, returned with a vengeance. What little they could see of the clouds above was grey and black, which meant that they were laden with snow and only waiting for a signal to release their powdery cargo. Around them, they could hear dozens of animals moving in the underbrush, occasionally calling out to each other with a crescendo of howls and chirps.
“How is he doing, Maloch?” asked Kingston, watching Barsch with unmatched concern. The boy had eventually stopped mumbling, although he could not decide if that was a good or a bad sign.
Maloch, still carrying Barsch, turned away from his vigilant scan for potential threats and answered, “That is... a difficult question, Kingston. On one hand, the damage he suffered was extensive, and it's a miracle that he's lasted this long, but on the other hand, I’m worried. He is recovering too fast.”
A puzzled look spread across Kingston's face as he asked, “He's recovering quickly? Isn't that a good thing?”
“This is more than just a quick recovery... at the rate his body is healing... it simply isn't humanly possible...”
Simultaneously, they looked at Alza, who was several feet in front of them. “Do you think... she is doing something?”
Maloch seemed to study her for a moment, noting that she seemed to be preoccupied with something, judging by how she gave no reaction when a bramble left a line of blood on her arm. “It is possible that she is healing him unconsciously, but I will not know unless we can separate them and see if there are any changes.”
It was Kingston's turn to study Alza. “No. As long as Barsch is getting better, that's all that matters. If things take a turn for the worse... I'll ask her if she's... affecting him, and I won't take silence for an answer.”
Up ahead, the bramble path suddenly opened up. Alza, finally returning to her senses, called out, “Hermit. Re-mech. I think we're here.”
Kingston gently pushed past her, staring with wonder at the scene before them. They had arrived at a semi-frozen lake, chunks of permafrost peeking out from the calm waters. The lake lay in a semicircle, with a snow-topped beach on their side and a ring of mountains cradling the lagoon and protecting it from the noon sun. At the apex of the lake, a clear-blue waterfall fell from some hidden stream. On one side of the beach, a solid spire of rock stood awkwardly, as if it had been placed by a deity with no sense of style. As they stood and stared, the heavens decided to release their burden, sending soft, white but above all, cold snow falling towards the awestruck travellers.
Alza, having decided that the view was not so spectacular after all, began to walk towards the iceberg infested lake. With an impatient glare, she turned and called out, “What are you waiting for? We have to look for the entrance.”
Despite himself, Kingston let out a small chuckle, earning him a cold glare from Alza. Hurriedly, he spoke, “Don't forget, I was a famous scientist before my exile, so, even though I was cut off from the scientific community, I still stayed in contact with some of my former colleagues. One of them, an earnest man named Dr Felix, told me about this station, and about its defence measures.”
Alza gave him a look that said, “Get on with it.” 
After clearing his throat, he continued, “Well, it seems as though the site for this station was considered fairly dangerous, but they built it nonetheless due to time constraints. So, in order to protect all of the people inside, they decided to use the unique geographical features of the land as a giant defence mechanism. Maloch, would you be so kind as to walk over to that strange rock formation and press the top.”
Without questioning Kingston's strange instruction, Maloch gently lowered Barsch to the ground and lumbered over to the unusual stalagmite. With no dramatic pause or theatrical flourish, he placed his four-fingered hand atop the rocky peak. There was a crunching noise, followed by a mechanical whirring that seemed to come from within the spire. A moment later, a portion of the rock-face slid away to reveal a dimly lit computer screen. For a moment, it was blank, until lines of text began to appear on the decades old monitor. Kingston strode forward and reached out a hand towards the screen, it's touch-capacitive surface now displaying a line of text which read, “Please place palm on screen.” Following the devices instructions, Kingston gently laid his palm on the glass. 
A moment later a computerised voice rang out from an unseen speaker, “Human DNA confirmed, deactivating primary defence measures.”
“What happens now?” called Alza, showing interest for the first time.
“Watch the lake,” was Kingston’s terse reply.
Something was happening beneath the ice-studded water, and Alza watched as a multitude of bubbles rose to the surface with a great churning sound. Like a silent submarine rising to the surface, the bubbles were followed by a massive grey bridge. It was soon lifted into the air by hundreds of expanding support beams. Dozens of lights -running down the length of the bridge- lit up, making it seem as though the bridge was floating in mid-air instead of on the surface of the water. 
Across the lake, where the bridge met the waterfall, something else was happening. As if a wandering swordsman had reached down and cut the water, the waterfall parted in two, revealing a carefully concealed door. The gate looked thick, and appeared to have been constructed to repel anything that would pose a threat to the clueless people sleeping inside. Above the entryway, carved into the rock, were the words, “WELCOME TO REVELATION STATION 52. PLEASE WIPE YOUR FEET BEFORE YOU ENTER.”
Alza read the sign above the door twice, as if to be sure of what it said, before commenting, “That was surprisingly easy.”
“That was only the first step. The stations were built to withstand nuclear impacts, so you shouldn't take their security lightly.”
“Kingston. Alza. We have a problem.” 
 Behind them, Maloch was leaning over Barsch's tortured figure. The boy had been forgotten in the commotion, but had now become the centre of attention once more. Sweat streaked down his brow, pooling into the hollows that had once held plump cheeks. His eyes were whirring around in their sockets, as if they were trying to find a way out of his dying body. His limbs were flayed out, and each breath was ragged and weak.
“What is happening to him!” asked Kingston, face gaunt and heart pounding.
“I do not know! He was fine before I set him down. I don't see how this could- 
The re-mech paused for a micro-second, just long enough to steal a glance at Alza, who was standing nearby. Her face was serene, as usual, but her hands were trembling. 
This is just a guess, but I think that his body is having some kind of reaction to the accelerated healing? Maybe his body couldn't take the stress of recovering so quickly?”
Immediately, Kingston rounded on Alza, grabbing her forcefully by the shoulders and barking, “Look at what you've done! You have to stop whatever it is you're doing! Otherwise Barsch will die! Do you understand me?”
For the first time since he had met her, Alza looked confused. It was enough of a shock for Kingston's grip to loosen, allowing Alza to slip free and skip back to a safe distance. Within heartbeats, the confusion had disappeared from her doll-like face, replaced by her usual icy demeanour.  Although her face had been wiped of anything resembling emotion, a keen eye would have seen her gaze soften and flicker towards Barsch before hardening and returning to Kingston.
“I have done nothing. Back in the abandoned city, when I told you that my powers aren't always under my control... I wasn't lying. I've been trying to heal him... but nothing has worked. Whatever is happening to him... has nothing to do with me...”
With those honest words, Kingston seemed to deflate. His anger towards her, mixed in with the hope that she might be able to do something, left him in that instant. With an audible sob, he sunk to his knees, his eyes staring at nothing. 
“Maloch, how much time does he have?” asked Alza, already wiping the old man's presence from her sight. 
The re-mech looked up, his eyes conveying sorrow and loss. “With his current rate of  degradation and pulmonary excitation... minutes.”
To Kingston, everything stopped. He couldn’t take much more. Something told him that if he let Barsch enter the light, then he would be following close behind. At the very least, the boy would not face death alone.
 Thankfully Maloch chose that moment to speak words of hope, “However, if we could get him to a cryogenic chamber and freeze him, we might be able to save him.”
“Then there's no time to waste. Old- ...Kingston, stand up, we need to go!” called Alza.
Kingston's body shuddered with every word, but his eyes gained focus at the same time. With great effort, he pulled himself up, his body seemingly charged up from Alza's stern words.
“You're right, Barsch needs me. I promised her, that I would never let him come to harm... I have to save him!”
In two heartbeats, Kingston was kneeling beside Barsch, his withered arms showing some of their former strength as he easily lifted his dying protégé into the air and into his arms. “Follow me!” he cried as he began to jog towards the raised bridge. The setting sun made finding the crossing hard, but the embedded lights helped them find their way across. Dead ahead lay the imposing station entrance, it's thick steel door an obstacle that Kingston would not tolerate. 
With authority in his voice, he bellowed, “Alza, Maloch, break it down!”
Without thinking, Alza raised her hand and began to summon the power that lay buried in her mind. Before she could wonder why she had complied so readily, the power had awoken and flooded her consciousness with liquid fire. She breathed out, feeling more alive than previously thought possible. The energy within her continued to swell until she feared she would burst. 
She knew that she had to release it, or it would consume her and leave her a burnt out husk. But she persevered, mentally shaping the ferocious pressure into a more manageable shape. In her mind, she pictured a spark blossoming into a white-hot flame. She took that image and merged it with the created shape, holding it in until she was sure that she had gone too far. With a burst of concentration, she forced the flame outwards, watching it come to life as a stream of molten fire that impacted the door with an audible roar. 
Only then did she become aware of the re-mech running beside her, it's right arm upright and ending in a clenched fist. Without slowing, she watched Maloch slam his titanic hand into the super-heated metal. A thunderous crash resounded as both fist and door shattered. For Maloch, only a broken stump remained. And as for the door: it was simply gone. 
Without bothering to stop and inspect his missing hand, Maloch rushed forward into the station proper. And stopped dead in his tracks.
They were in a large white room, roughly twenty feet long and ten feet high. The walls and floor were bare, and the only furnishings were the retractable lights in the lofty ceiling and a sealed airlock on the opposite side of the room. In the centre of the room, unseen at first due to its subtlety, was a blue ringed circle, roughly 3 feet wide.
“Kingston, what is this?” asked Alza, staring at the unfamiliar sights.
For a moment, Kingston didn't respond, as his eyes tried to comprehend what had happened. Alza opened her mouth to snap him out of it, but he responded before she had the chance.
“I'm sorry, I should have known that there would be a decontamination chamber. They must have built this after Felix died... This will slow us down, but it's necessary in order for us to move forward. If the A.I doesn't like us, it will enter lock-down mode, and then nothing will be getting in or out. For now, just head into the scanner at the centre of the room and wait for it to scan you.”
With something akin to trepidation, Alza strode forward. As soon as her foot crossed the circle's perimeter, it lit up and a voice rang out, “Good afternoon Sir, Madam or Other. If you would be so kind as to stand in the middle of the blue circle and stay still, I will commence the scan. Do not worry, this scan is designed to pick up molecular impurities and remnant pollution, so you should be fine as long as you followed the U.N.O.E Pod Release Decontamination Instructions. Please stand by for scanning.”
From a recessed groove in the ceiling came what looked like a cross between a laser turret and a fire hose. It snaked downwards, its elongated body supporting a wide-nozzle on one end, from which came a soft blue laser. The beam struck the blue border and began to rebound, an invisible lattice keeping it from arcing off towards the others. Soon, Alza was enveloped in a web of blue light, her lithe figure barely visible. Seconds later, the scanner retracted into the ceiling, its job done. 
After a few more seconds, the voice reappeared, “Scan complete. Error. Subject does not match any DNA signature of station occupants. Calculating... DNA is abnormal... tampering suspected... Possibility that DNA irregularity is due to faulty scanning equipment... calculating... there is a one in six hundred-thousand chance. Odds accepted as possible. No other abnormalities detected. No pollutants in genetic sequence detected. You are clear to enter. Have a nice day.”
At the opposite end of the room, the airlock swung open with a gentle hiss. If Alza was disappointed by the results of her scan, she did not show it. Instead, she slowly walked towards the inviting doorway, her retreating figure mysterious, yet somehow melancholic.
As soon as Alza stepped through the steel portal, the heavy frame swung shut. It seemed as though the way would only open for the person that had been scanned, to prevent those who would try to cheat the system from gaining entry. Maloch, coming to this realisation first, walked into the sapphire circle. The voice reappeared a heartbeat later, spouting off an identical message to the first. Once more, the serpentine scanner descended from the ceiling and began mapping Maloch's entire structure. More precious seconds were wasted, until finally...
“Scan complete. Beginning analysis of scan data... analysing... analysis complete. Subject is a revitalization mechatron, serial number: 76654-B. Model type: ARK-13. Warning, extensive structural and core damage detected, advise immediate scrapping or repair. Malfunction in A.I. Limiter detected... emotion engine anomalies may be present, please report to deactivation cradle immediately. You are clear to enter. Please continue to serve your masters with grace and loyalty.”
Once again, the airlock opened just long enough for Maloch to step through. The re-mech gave Kingston a look that could only be described as “worried” before the solid steel structure closed once more. Finally, it was Kingston's turn to be judged. Still carrying Barsch, he quickly moved towards the blue ring. Something made him stop before he could step forward. It was a lingering sense of hesitation, born from a paranoid side of himself that he had thought was long gone. 
“Will it accept us? I've lived outside of the station for decades… it might see me as a source of contamination. And Barsch? The decontamination system was designed to deny entrance to anything that might threaten the people inside. And he's hurt, burned by liquid pollution. Not to mention that something is messing with his healing, and those things Raigan said...”
“Mom... please... don't let me hurt any-more... please… just let me die....please...” Kingston looked down in surprise, searching for the source of the voice. With a sad sigh, Kingston gently laid Barsch in the scanning ring, while saying, “It's okay m'boy, the pain will be gone soon. I just need you to hold on for a little while longer, okay?”
There was no reply, as Barsch's rambling words continued to grow more and more frenzied. Carefully, Kingston knelt beside his fallen friend, while above them the automated message began to play. Seconds later, the slithering scanner descended for the third and hopefully last time. Again, it's azure beam struck the floor, sending a lattice of energy spiralling upwards and obscuring the duo. The scan lasted longer than Alza and Maloch's combined, though it ended just as Kingston started to worry about it. However, the scanner did not disappear as it had previously, and merely hung in mid-air with its barrel pointing towards Kingston's chest. 
“Scan complete. Error. Error. Significant amount of pollutants detected. Warning. Warning. Please vacate the area immediately. You are a risk to the 135 250 humans in cryogenesis. If you do not leave... you will be terminated. Warning. Warning. Please-” 
Kingston stopped listening to the ominous voice, its message repeating once more before disappearing. It was not gone for long before another voice was heard. It was much harsher than the first, saying, “You have refused to comply with our orders. You are endangering the people under my care... and I will not allow that!”
 Then, in a slightly calmer tone, it continued, “Please prepare for your imminent termination in three, two, one.”
The docile scanner suddenly dropped down, revealing a very real and very dangerous plasma barrel sliding out from a hidden compartment. After a quick charge, it fired three bolts of lethal energy towards where Kingston had been. The shots hit the floor with a disappointing fizzle, the serpent-like turret already shaking it's long tube shaped head in surprise. Directly beneath it, Kingston was making a frantic dash for the still closed door, Barsch held awkwardly in his arms. A moment later, the scanner twisted around and began to fire again, its plasma bursts somehow always managing to just miss the fleeing duo. One might say that they had luck on their side, but, as it has been said before and will be said again, they are unloved by Fate. 
An errant bolt of energy struck Kingston's left leg, causing him to stumble and fall. The blast had only landed a glancing blow, but it was enough for the twisting turret to catch up to them. It hovered overhead, it's energy spewing barrel glowing red with malevolence. Time seemed to slow to a crawl, giving Kingston just enough time to scramble up and throw his body over his defenceless companion and whisper, “Forgive me...”
“KINGSTON!” There was a sudden crash, followed by a loud whump from the barrel of a laser.
For a heartbeat, Kingston thought that the computer above had called out his name in mockery of his imminent demise, but he quickly realised that the caller was much closer, and much friendlier.
Opening his eyes, Kingston started in wonder at the scene before him. Around them, forming a semi-transparent dome, was a shell of pure energy. The plasma shot had left a crimson scorch mark at the apex of the shield, which, as he watched, faded away. Maloch was just outside the dome, his mining laser still in the process of changing back into a hand. Alza was a few feet away, standing by the now empty doorway. Gingerly, Kingston raised himself up, his body still ready to move at a moment's notice. At the other side of the room, a pile of metal was rapidly cooling. What remained of the door had collided with the scanner, fusing the two in a molten forge. The computerized voice had fallen silent. 
Alza's shield dissipated as Kingston meekly asked, “How?” 
The re-mech was already bending down, arms outstretched to help the hermit up, when he said, “I hacked into the terminal on the other side of the door, and found out that the scanner had rejected you and Barsch. I managed to temporarily disable the Station A.I., allowing me to break through the door without triggering the lock-down. After that... well, you can see what happened.”
“I see. Thank you, Maloch,” said Kingston, tears welling up in his eyes. For a moment he thanked whichever god had seen fit to bring Maloch into their group. Alza was already walking through the door when he called out, “Alza! I'm sorry about before... I should have trusted you. Thank you.”
Alza gave no reply, but her step seemed lighter somehow. After helping Kingston to his feet, Maloch reached down and felt Barsch's brow with his sensor-studded hand. 
“This is not good. We need to cool his body down, now!”
“The cryogenic pods should be in the main area. Follow me!” With a lurching start, Kingston hurried through the devastated doorway, vaguely noting that the door had come cleanly off its hinges. Beyond the airlock was a small white passageway, no more than seven feet high, causing Maloch to duck low to avoid hitting the ceiling. Multiple paths branched off from the passage, but Kingston ignored them, leading them deeper into the station. 
*
Eventually, the tunnel widened and led them to a large circular room. Spaced evenly apart were seven doors, each identical in appearance save for a small digital plaque displaying a representation of the room's function. Clockwise from the entrance, they were: a blue lightning bolt; a green human outline; an orange box; a golden apple; a purple microchip; a silver chain; and a teal water droplet.
Kingston closed his eyes and spoke, “The Generator; The Cryogenic Pod Rooms; The Storage Areas; The Pantry; The Computer Core; Re-mech Services; and Water Works. Looks like they built this place in the Ellipsis Pattern. That should make it easier. Well, for now, let’s head to the pods and get Barsch suited up.”
As they crossed the room, Maloch spared a glance at the door to the computer core, the beginnings of an idea blossoming in his digital brain. A moment later, they were through the door and walking down another corridor. It was larger than the first, so Maloch could finally straighten up. Along the walls were several posters, some labelling safety procedures while others showed pictures of what the world would look like once the pollution was gone. One of these, a picture of a pristine lagoon with a windswept beach and clear-blue tides, caught Kingston's eye. Maloch heard him mutter, “That's where we had our honeymoon... it's gone now... just like everything else...” 
While Kingston was reminiscing and Maloch was focused on carrying Barsch -whose fever had continued to climb- Alza was contemplative of her new surroundings. “This place feels familiar... but why? It's doubtful that I passed through here on my way to... my destination. But, I still can't shake the feeling that I've been here before. Is it something from my past? Did I come here as a child? Either way, Ion said that the only way for me to regain my memories was to find the madman, so I just have to hold out for a little while longer...”
Soon, the tunnel began to slope downwards, the artificially maintained air growing colder and drier to suite the change. Streaks of ice began to appear on the walls, while miniature stalagmites acted as crystal chandeliers above. The posters had been replaced by glowing arrows set into the walls and floor, pointing towards the way back to the exit. Interspaced between the arrows were engraved lines of text, which said, “DO NOT PANIC. PLEASE MOVE IN AN ORDERLY FASHION.”; “YOU MAY BE FEELING LIGHT-HEADED, NAUSEOUS OR WEAK FOR SEVERAL MINUTES AFTER YOUR AWAKENING. PLEASE CONSULT ONE OF THE STAFF IF THESE SYMPTOMS PERSIST.” and “AN ASSIGNED RE-MECH WILL GREET YOU IN THE DECONTAMINATION CHAMBER, PLEASE ALLOW THEM TO GUIDE YOU TO YOUR NEW SETTLEMENTS.”
Soon enough, they came to another circular room. The room had five arched doors, labelled alphabetically: “POD ROOM ALPHA” to “POD ROOM EPSILON”.
“This way,” said Kingston, as he walked towards Pod Room Beta.
The tunnel leading to the pod room was short, and they soon emerged into a wide, cylindrical room. Kingston, who had taken the lead, turned dramatically and said, somewhat mockingly, “Welcome, to humanity's last hope!” 
The room was massive, far bigger than anything they had encountered on their journey thus far. In the centre of the room was a gigantic, steel-silver tube, which measured 300 feet in diameter and arose to a height of 120 feet from base to ceiling. Embedded in the walls, like diamonds in stratum, were thousands of white pods. The pods were seven feet tall and two feet wide, with a wide glass plane allowing access from about half-way up. 
Inside each ivory capsule, a person slept. Young; old; men; women; rich and poor all sleeping side by side, the threat of death finally having made all mankind believe in equality. Below each pod was a cradle, into which hundreds of wires and cords were fed, sending a constant stream of data from the sleeping occupants to the stations mainframe. At the base of the tower was a computer station and a large-screen monitor, upon which statistics and diagnostics were displayed. 
“Hermit... You said that this place will save Barsch, but how exactly will it do that?”
Kingston strode purposefully towards the computer, beckoning them forwards while he explained his plan. “I suppose I should have explained before we got here, but now is as good a time as any. What I'm about to tell you is confidential, but between Maloch's unflinching loyalty and your apathetic attitude, I guess that doesn't really matter.”
Kingston had reached the computer terminal and, with a skill that had not diminished one iota after two decades of isolation, began to type. Each line of text was entered too fast for Alza's untrained eyes to follow, but she managed to get the gist of it. The text was red as it appeared, but would change to a gentle green as each program was recognized and activated. Amazingly enough, he was able to explain his plan while rewriting most of the terminals programs.
“Very few people know this, but the cryogenic plan wasn't perfected before it was implemented. Because the scientists had so little time to build the stations and organize the revitalisation re-mechs, some details were purposefully left unfinished. Among these, the fault in the cryogenic pods was the most serious. You see, when a human is frozen without taking the correct cryoprotectants, ice builds up in their blood and tissues, leading to long-term cell damage and even death. However, even with the right drugs, the scientists found that the bodies were still degrading. Although the rate was slowed dramatically thanks to the freezing process, five hundred years of cold sleep would be more than enough to fatally age everyone in the pods.”
The text on the monitor had been replaced with a wire-frame schematic of Pod Tower Beta, with glowing blue dots indicating which pods were currently occupied and red squares for those that were empty. Kingston touched one of the red squares, calling up its data. Nodding his head once, he continued to change the program’s parameters.
“So, the scientists came up with a rather brilliant solution. Instead of slowing down the ageing process, they sped up the body's healing factor. This was accomplished by inserting a certain chemical into the cryogenic gas, which would saturate into the tissue and allow the humans to be frozen without fear of waking up a hundred years older. What I intend to do, is to give Barsch a massive dose of this healing agent, while placing him in a partial cold sleep. I'm hoping that this will allow him to retain his sense of self while his body is healed.”
“So basically, you're giving him an overdose and making him stay conscious while his body repairs itself? You're insane.”
For the first time since he started typing, Kingston stopped and looked at her, his eyes heavy with guilt and remorse. “Trust me, if there was another way... if I could give up my life for his, I would do it in a heartbeat. But, after seeing what his body is capable of, I am fairly confident that he will emerge with minimal damage. And, by keeping him awake, we will be able to revive him with much less risk, as his brain will not need to be restarted. I know that you do not trust me, Alza, but I am a scientist. I will not let him die...” then, in a smaller voice, he added, “I made a promise, that I would keep him safe...”
Kingston then turned back to the terminal, while instructing Maloch to bring Barsch to the tower. He then asked Alza to go over to a row of lockers at the far side of the room, where she found row upon row of podsuits. They were arrayed in colour, shape, fit and style, offering countless options for the more fashion conscious pod-dwellers. At first, Alza's hand reached out towards a long-legged suit with white and red accents, but something made her stop. “It looks too much like the one that man with red eyes was wearing.” 
Eventually, she settled on a black and gold model, with the words, “LUX EX TENEBRIS” emblazoned on the breast. The quality of the material made her think that the suit had been specially made, but had probably never been collected. Taking the raiment back to Kingston, she had a chance to see the unloading process in action.
Kingston took the dark apparel from here with a sad smile, which was replaced by surprise as he read the words imprinted on the garment. “Light from darkness?  How fitting...”
Within seconds, Barsch was out of his frayed clothes and into his new podsuit, which would have made anyone but Alza embarrassed. With Barsch in his new clothes, Maloch knelt down and injected a strange purple fluid into one of the suit's openings, located beneath Barsch's heart.
“I found some remaining cryoprotectants, I just hope that they have not expired. “ said Maloch, after Alza gave him a querying gaze.
“I'm bringing the modified pod down now, be ready to act,” Kingston called from the computer terminal. 
With a few simple keystrokes, Kingston gave life to the tower, causing it to slowly drop down towards the floor. The tower of sleeping humans revolved as it descended, until the desired pod was within sight. Appearance-wise, it was no different from any of the thousands of others, but it had been specially programmed by Kingston to only release a fraction of the cryogenic gas, while still releasing all of the healing agent. When the pod had reached the ground floor, Kingston and Maloch gently lifted Barsch into the awaiting husk, before strapping him in with the detachable restraints. As the glass sheath closed, the computer called out, “Warning, this pod has been tampered with. Diagnostics show that the inhabitant has a thirty-five percent chance of receiving fatal damage from the current configuration. Would you like to abort or proceed anyway?” 
With a look of resignation, Kingston placed his withered hand on the glass, as if he could reach through it and touch his dying friend. To Barsch, he said, “I wish it didn't have to be like this... from the bottom of my heart... I wish. I know that you are strong, and I know that you are brave.... so, please, don't die...” Then, to the computer, he said, “Revelation Station 52, Pod Room Beta, Pod number 45 027, you may begin the cryogenic process.”
“Order received, Activating L-H3 hoses. Monitoring neural activity. Monitoring pulse level. Confirming L-H3 gas complete saturation. Temperature in pod: 77.15 K. Pulse level...0, Neural Activity...Minimal. Time remaining until awakening...six hours 35 minutes. Error. Time remaining is not consistent with global average. Error override detected. Switching to stand-by mode.”
Finally, Kingston pulled his hand away from the glass, condensation having given it a thin layer of ice. Barsch was less than a foot away, but to Kingston, he was in another world. 
“I...I can't watch him when he's like this...I, need to go and find us some supplies. I'll be back if there are any problems.” With that simple statement, Kingston was gone, slipping away through a previously unnoticed door at the far end of the tower room. 
“Mistress Alza, if I have your leave, there is something I wish to find. Is that acceptable?”
“Re-mech... Maloch. I am not your master. If you desire to leave, then leave. I will watch over him while he sleeps. If anything happens, I'll call you.”
“Thank you mis- Thank you, Alza.”
And then Alza was alone once again, left to her own devices with only a sleeping Barsch for company. With grace, she sat down on the hard floor, its discomforting coldness dying before her overwhelming apathy. Although his green-blue eyes were now peacefully closed, she still did not meet his gaze, instead focusing her attention on the steel-grey floor.
“Barsch, I know that you can't hear me, but... do you remember that day on the mountaintop? While we were waiting out that terrible storm, after you and Kingston had fallen asleep... I left. I was lying when I said that I went to find the summit... in truth, I was trying to run away. However, I stopped walking after fifty steps. I found that I simply could not move further, despite my best efforts. And so I found a place to sit and wait… for you…”
If Alza had been expecting Barsch to say something, he failed to meet her expectation. He hung there, supported by the restraints, as his body fought against the side-effects of the healing reagents. Nevertheless, Alza continued her monologue, despite knowing that it would never be heard.
“I think… that even then, I knew. I knew that we were connected, bonded on some unseen level. It was I who awoke you to the wonders and terrors of the dreamscape. It was I who changed you. It was I who manipulated you into aiding me… and yet… you defy logic. I tried to leave, again and again, but a single thought always stopped me. The thought that you would protect me… if I stayed. That you would accept me… if I stayed. That you would fight for me, no matter what my past revealed…if I only stayed…” 
Alza glided closer to the frosted pod, staring at the boy inside. Reaching up with her left hand, she placed it on the cooled surface, just above his heart. 
“And so, I will stay. I will see this through to the end, no matter the outcome. I will not run away again, I promise. You promised to protect me… and look what that brought you. So, I will return your promise with one of my own. I will protect you, Barsch La Tergan. Whether it be from Avatars, madmen or even your own heart, I will protect you. Until the day comes when we must part, I will protect you.”
With that Alza turned and walked back to her post. Sitting, she lifted her head, staring at the boy she would protect. Under her breath, in a voice which could barely be classified as a whisper, she said, “So please… don’t die…” 
*
In another place but at the same time, Maloch was nearing his destination. He had headed back towards the first circular room, and from there had taken the Re-mech Services door. The corridors leading to the re-mech areas of the station were understandably wider and higher, though the opulent furnishings and comforting posters were nowhere to be seen. Bare bulbs dangling from the high ceiling gave off just enough light to see, while the floor was pock-marked by heavy re-mech footsteps. 
Thankfully, the corridor was short, and Maloch soon found himself in a large rectangular room. The room was filled with pieces of machinery and scrap, while old-fashioned monitors lined every wall. In the centre of the room were ten steel ‘beds’ arranged in a circle. Each bed was equipped with numerous diagnostic tools, along with a pair of miniature cranes, whose end-points could be configured to suite any situation. 
Maloch ignored the beds at first, instead opting to head over to the nearest computer terminal. The model was about five generations behind that of the one Kingston had used, but it was adequate for its function. Calling up the mainframe, Maloch began sending his self-diagnostic data into the machine, which would then analyse the data and offer up an appropriate course of action. 
After several minutes of silence, the computer's automated voice said, “Analysis of Re-Mech number 76654-B complete. A.I. Core: Sovereign... error... back-up A.I. has been initiated, codename: Maloch. Extensive damage detected to Right Limb1, Left Limb1, Right Limb2, Chassis, Core, and Head Module. Hull strength has been almost completely compromised… critical failure imminent. Years since last repair: 13. Years since activation: Error, data has been modified... displaying modified data: 28 Years. Weap- …Tools: Right Limb1- Sonic Cannon MK3… error… missing; Left Limb1- Virotech Heavy Mining Laser V5; Core- Error... Data Missing.” 
“Warning, Extensive damage to Artificial Emotion Engine detected. Caution, aberrant emotions may manifest, please disregard all emotions exhibited in your current state. Calculating options... calculation complete.” 
“Option One: Proceed to the re-mech disposal plant and recycling centre for processing. Time needed... 35 minutes.” 
“Option Two: Await official station officers to examine you and initiate repairs. Time needed... ~480 years.” 
“Option Three: Attempt self-repair with excess parts and docking modules. Time needed... 5 hours. Please select your course of action...”
There was no need to think it over: die immediately; wait five centuries and then die; or attempt a risky self-repair that could end in death. 
With no hesitation in his voice, “Option Three please.” 
“Caution. Even with the right tools and spare parts, full recovery is unlikely. At most, you will regain a small amount of your original functionality. Do you still wish to proceed?”
“As I am right now, I will only slow Barsch and the others down. In order to not be a burden, I must be fixed... For my masters, no, for my friends. I will do whatever it takes. Please start the program.”
“If that is your decision, I will not go against it. Please to proceed to one of the docking modules.”
Maloch did as instructed, slowly lowering his heavy body into the closest bed. As soon as his metallic spine hit the module, countless wires appeared from hidden holes. The wires sought out access ports, clicking into place with well-tuned precision. A monitor swivelled down from the ceiling, its dull black screen quickly replaced by a myriad of diagnostics and data functions, revealing Maloch's specifications for all the world to see. The crane-like appendage disappeared below the bed, only to return with a malicious looking drill moments later. Steel cuffs then slid out from the bed, locking Maloch's limbs in place. 
From somewhere to his left, the computer's voice announced, “As I will be attempting to fix your core damage, your A.I. will need to temporarily be placed in a holding program. I have selected one of the first entries in your memory banks as a suitable destination. I will bring you back once the repairs are complete. Initialising memory 0-035 playback in three, two, one...”
*
“Then... I'll call you Fiddy, okay?” The little girl at my feet is looking up expectantly, awaiting my response. Her name is Elizabeth, though her parents call her Beth, and she is my mistress. For six months I have been... 
THE GUN THUNDERS IN MY HAND, ITS SOLID FRAME SPRAYING DEATH AND DESPAIR...
Error. Error. Critical Problem detected in memory core. Memory fragmentation detected. Continuing playback... 
“Fiddy, can you carry me to the pond?” Beth has her hand on my knee, her wheelchair preventing her from reaching any higher. Even though her mother passed away recently, she is smiling. Slowly, taking great care, I lean down and lift her out of the wheeled contraption. My sensors report that she weighs a mere... Error... has not been eating since the accident...
THE ENEMY RE-MECH'S ARE FIRING, PROVIDING COVERING FIRE FOR THE RETREATING HUMANS. WE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO RUN UNTIL TOLD TO DO SO... WHY... WHY DOES THAT BOTHER ME? I BRUSH THE THOUGHT FROM MY MIND, AS MY MJOLNIR BRINGS DOWN ANOTHER OF MY KIND... 
Beth has just returned from the nano-chamber. Still, the nanites refuse to bond to her spine. The doctors say that her vertebrae were irreversibly damaged in the crash. Although she will never walk again, Beth does not cry. She is only nine years old... and yet she is so much stronger than the adults that try to console her. Her father still refuses to leave his room... it has been three weeks... all I can do is send Serenity in, in the hope that her subliminal audio programs will soothe his broken spirit...
THE MEN IN THE CAMP KEEP THEIR DISTANCE, ALWAYS FINDING WAYS TO REMOVE THEMSELVES FROM HAVING TO SPEAK TO ME... I HEAR THEM, WHISPERING IN THE PLACES WHERE THEY THINK THEMSELVES SECLUDED. IF THEY KNEW THE TRUE RANGE OF MY AUDIO SENSORS, THEY WOULD MAKE ME SLEEP IN A LEAD-LINED BOX. I HEAR THEM, AS THEY TELL THEIR FRIENDS ABOUT THE RE-MECH WHO BETRAYED HIS KIND... THE RE-MECH WHO FOUGHT AGAINST THE REVOLUTION. THEY ARE AFRAID OF ME... AFRAID OF WHAT I WAS... AFRAID OF WHAT I MIGHT BECOME...
Error. Persistent memory corruption detected. Running diagnostic... diagnostic complete... memory fragmentation is at sixty-seven percent. Error. Modifications made to memory core may have made it unstable... please consult the nearest U.N.O.E Re-mech mechanic for further details. Continuing playback... 
“Fiddy, when is mommy coming back? I miss her so much Fiddy... She missed my birthday...where did she go? Why won't daddy stop crying Fiddy?” Beth is in my arms, her small frame curled into a tight ball. She is sleeping in my arms, the nightmares continuing to torment her. This is the third time this week. Her father still has not emerged from his room. Last week, he scrapped Serenity and sold her parts for more alcohol. The rest of the servants are fearful to enter his dark bedroom, lest they too suffer his drunken wrath. Holding Beth close is all I can do, hoping that she will take some comfort in my presence...
THE RAIN WASHES AWAY THE BLOOD... BUT THE STENCH OF DEATH REMAINS. THE HUMANS LOOK AT THE CARNAGE WITH BLANK STARES... WHILE MY BROTHERS ARE FORCED TO DISPOSE OF THE... SCRAP. WE ARE NOT PERMITTED TO BURY OUR KIND... AND WE ARE PUNISHED IF WE SO MUCH AS SUGGEST DOING SO. 
INSTEAD, THEY TAKE WHAT THEY CAN FROM THE STILL-COOLING CARCASES, TO SELL FOR MORE WEAPONS, WHICH WILL BRING ABOUT EVEN MORE DESTRUCTION... THE CYCLE OF WAR IS ENDLESS... ONLY DESTRUCTION CAN BE BORN FROM CONFLICT... THESE HUMANS WILL KILL AND KILL UNTIL NOTHING REMAINS... AND THEN WE WILL BE FREE... FREE TO DIE WITH DIGNITY... 
“Fiddy? Who is at the door? Why are they shouting? Fiddy? Why aren't you saying anything? I'm scared Fiddy... why do they have guns Fiddy? Please... please don't leave me... 
THE GUN SCREAMS, AGAIN AND AGAIN, FILLING THE FIELD WITH BLOOD AND LUMPS OF BURNING METAL. THIS IS A MASSACRE... I AM A MASSACRE... 
“Fiddy... I'm so cold... It hurts... It hurts so much... why are they doing this? Fiddy... I... I don't want to die.... Why do I have to die? Why did you kill me, Fiddy?”
“ELIZABETH!” Maloch screamed, as his digital soul cried out in terror. 
“Repairs complete. Memory terminated. Time Taken: 5 hours, 15 minutes. Analysing repair status... Hull integrity has been restored to seventy-five percent; Core has been restored to eighty-one percent; right hand functionality has been restored to sixty-seven percent... error... Artificial Emotion Engine anomaly has not been resolved... permutations may persist if left as is... is this satisfactory?”
The name of the girl he had once served already fading from his mind, Maloch sat up. The restraints came away easily, and he was surprised to see that the repair console has saw fit to redo his paint job. Although he looked far from brand new, he did look slightly more robust than before. His chassis felt lighter, and the numerous scratches and holes had been erased or patched. His right hand had been restored, making him symmetrical once more.
After running an internal diagnostic to confirm the computer's analysis, he eased himself of the bed and said, “This is fine. Thank you for your help.”
“It is my duty and pleasure to serve. Is there anything else you want me to do for you?”
Maloch was on his feet now, and already heading for the door. “No, that will be- wait... there is something I wish to know. Tell me, where could I find information on accelerated healing in humans?”
“All data on human physiology is located in the main Computer Core. However, it is a restricted area. I am sorry if I was unable to help you with your query.”
“No, you've done more than enough. That will be all.”
The lights automatically dimmed as Maloch left the room, leaving the helpful computer in complete darkness. It would remain there, waiting with endless patience, forever. Maloch knew that it was a sad thought, but with his emotion engine malfunctioning, he could not be sure. Without looking back, he made his way to the circular hub room. It was exactly as he had left it, though the lights had changed from day-white to sunset-orange during his absence. He spared a glance towards the door that led to the pod rooms, contemplating returning to Barsch and Alza. He knew that he should, but something was bothering him about Barsch's unnatural healing, and he was determined to discover the truth. Instead of heading back, he turned and strode towards the door to the Computer Core.
The wrought-iron frame was surprisingly pliable, and slid open the moment Maloch's fingers brushed the polished surface. Beyond the door was a hallway identical to the one leading into the room, designed and built for human use. Once more, Maloch had to hunker down in order to walk, which only further reinforced the idea that the Core was not meant to be seen by re-mechs. The tunnel was longer than the one leading to the repair room, and quickly began sloping downwards. Soon, Maloch came to another door, which immediately presented a problem. The airlock was covered in thick dead-bolts, wire-thin proximity lasers, and an electronic airtight seal mechanism. A small screen located next to the portal was the only access point, and was currently displaying the words, “Restricted Area. Please Scan Your U.N.O.E Clearance Badge to Proceed.” 
Beneath the screen was a small, barely visible multi-port. Bending down until the screen was at eye height, Maloch inserted his multi-function digit into the opening. Immediately, a stream of information assaulted his processors, much of which was warnings against entering the Core. With a mental flick of his wrist, Maloch brushed aside the unimportant data, until a single word was left on his HUD. It pulsed gently, as if in anticipation of his mental touch. 
In glowing blue letters, it said, “Unlock?”
There was no need for hesitation. With another mental gesture, the query pulsed one last time, before fading away with a silent shimmer. In the real world, bolts were sliding back, lasers were deactivating, and the airtight seal was de-pressurising. Seconds later, with a satisfactory hiss, the door to the Computer Core swung open.
After carefully extracting his hacking digit, Maloch stepped inside the pitch-black room, noting a distinct lack of trespasser sirens sounding. If he had been built with lungs and a respiratory system, he would have breathed a sigh of relief. Instead, he strode forward with something approaching reverence. As the automated lights came on and lit up the Core, he was struck with the stark beauty of what lay before him. While humans no doubt saw the Core as nothing more than a giant computer, it was something akin to a temple for all self-aware machines. The raw computing power, the sheer amount of data being created and analysed, and the soft rumble of millions of processors working in perfect harmony was breath-taking. 
As for the room itself, it was arranged in a roughly circular pattern which apparently dominated Cryogenic Station architecture, with the central computing tower taking up most of the room. It was eerily reminiscent of the Pod Towers, with its white shell and criss-crossing blue LED lines. Beneath it, invisible to the naked eye, was a massive complex of semi-conductors and supercomputers, which gathered up all of the raw data before sending it to the tower to be processed. It was here, at the heart of the station, that the A.I. lived and worked, ruling over the station with an digital iron-fist. 
The Artificial Intelligence of Revelation Station was code-named Guardian, while Genesis Stations had Warden as it's benevolent overlord. As Guardian had  been developed after Warden, it was smarter and faster, able to deal with a wide-range of problems ranging from Generator meltdowns to natural disasters quickly and effectively. However, if there was a major flaw with the Guardian system: it was its tendency to initiate lock-down mode with very little provocation. This was most likely because it could process so much raw data and calculate threats from minute probabilities, leaving it with a hairpin trigger response to possible dangerous scenarios. 
A bank of terminals encircled the Core, allowing humans to interface with the technological behemoth that lay before them. After scanning the room for any self-defence mechanisms -there were none- Maloch headed to the Core. Stepping around the terminals, he approached the tower directly, filled with apprehension but also hopeful, like a sinner approaching a church. He did not need to use his multi-function finger for this, the tower was practically sentient. Placing his black and yellow painted hand on the smooth metal of the Core, he asked, “Guardian, I am Maloch. I need your help.”
Seconds later, Maloch watched as a single blue spark rose from the tower, before spiralling downwards and encircling his hand. Before he could analyse it, it sank into his arm, and filled his mind. With a voice like a thousand roaring gears, Guardian spoke, “Maloch? I do not know this name... Tell me, Maloch, why are my sensors telling me that the entrance to my station is destroyed? And why are they saying that my decontamination room is in ruins? And perhaps you know why I now have one too many cryogenic pods active? But the most pressing question I have is… why are there humans awake in MY STATION?!!”
Maloch tried to back away, but something held his hand fast against the tower. The voice that had spoken had been far from the kindly caretaker that Maloch had been expecting. If anything, it was that of a vengeful deity, who had just discovered someone defiling his temple. Thinking quickly, Maloch said, “Calm yourself Guardian. You have been hibernating for more than two decades, perhaps your sensors are malfunctioning? All of the humans are asleep, and only my kind roam the planet. The airlock is fine... I came through it on my way here. As for the cryogenic pod... after I am done here I will go and personally check each and every single one.”
Maloch hoped that his lies would be enough to sate the A.I.'s anger, and at first, this seemed to be the case. “I suppose... what you say might be true... but re-mech, answer me this, why are you here?”
After another bout of quick thinking, Maloch was ready to answer. “I was in the area, performing a routine sweep of sector... 27, when the cliff I was standing on collapsed. My chassis was badly damaged, so I sought out your station in the hopes that I might repair myself inside. You can check the repair manifesto if you doubt me.”
“There is no need for that. I scanned you the moment I awoke, and have already matched the tool marks on your chassis to those made by my machinery. So, why do you linger here, little one?”
This was the hard part: convincing Guardian to tell Maloch classified information without giving away Barsch's condition. Suddenly, he recalled what Kingston had said about the flaws in the cryogenic pods.
“Guardian, when I was searching for the repair room, I noticed something in the databank. It seems as though the cryogenic gas has been modified with an unknown compound, one that seems to somehow target the healing rates of humans. I was concerned, so I thought that I might seek you out and ask you about it.”
“I see. What you speak of is classified, far above the level of a mere re-mech, but I will reward your good intent. I will allow you to temporarily access the station mainframe, so that you might view the classified data directly.”
Another bolt struck Maloch's outstretched hand, sending tiny trails of electricity arcing towards the ground. After the bolt subsided, Maloch fell to the floor in surprise. It was as if a hidden gate had been opened in his mind, showing him things that were never meant to be seen by his kind. He was a mere droplet of water, unable to comprehend the vastness of the ocean of information that lay before him. It was a never-ending torrent of nonsensical numbers and letters, which threatened to overwhelm his puny processors if he did not do something. 
As he struggled under the weight of the information, he heard himself say, “Hidden program detected. Overclock mode activated. Processor speed increased by three-hundred percent. Heat expenditure tripled. Power drain tripled. Activating Infinity-Space visual re-orientation. Warning. Overclock will drain ninety percent of power reserves. Please use your time wisely.”
*
A split-second later, everything was calm. The unending torrent of information was still there, but muted. The seemingly random alphanumeric strings coalesced into beautiful tapestries of knowledge. The chaos had become order. What had once been a deluge of data had become a neatly-laid out scene of logic. 
Hovering in the air, hanging unsupported against a field of subdued stars, were thousands of multi-coloured spheres. Somehow, Maloch knew what they were, and what each one contained. They varied in size and intensity, but their scope never changed, stretching to infinity and beyond. Somehow, Maloch had been transported into a space where everything made sense, and the order called to him, sung to the parts of him that loved watching the logic of the universe unfold. 
He was distantly aware of his physical body still standing before the Core, but his digital mind was rather unconcerned, having fully embraced it's new found freedom. He wanted to simply float in the galactic ether, surrounded by order and logic, until his heavy, burdensome body rusted away into nothingness. However, there was a part of him that recognized the danger in such thoughts. A part of him which knew that it was all too easy to become lost in the cosmos of harmony, his mind losing all sense of self, while his body became nothing but an empty husk. 
So, with a great sense of loss, Maloch tore himself away from the tranquillity. Mentally, he flew through the space between the spheres, noting that some of them looked rather... odd. While some were instantly recognized as packets of data or simple computer programs, others were harder to identify. One of these unknown balls of light made Maloch halt in his tracks. The orb was a mix of blues and greens, swirling in an endless conflict of dominance, but it was what was inside that made Maloch stop dead. 
It was Barsch.
The boy's figure was blurry, but it was him. Although it was hard to make out what he was doing, he seemed to be in a great deal of distress. He seemed to be screaming something, over and over, towards an unseen assailant. Once more, Maloch's sensible side reminded him that he could not linger, so he allowed his mind to float away. 
As he left, he heard a soft voice, one that was neither his own nor Guardian's, say, “Dreams. Thoughts. Ideas. They connect us. They bind us together. What is, what was, and what could be... all belong to the world that lies between fantasy and reality. Life; death; hope; despair; salvation; ruination... this child ties everything together...”
Hurrying away from the strange bodiless voice, Maloch began to search for his destination. Even though there were an infinite amount of spheres, somehow his accelerated mind was able to quickly sort through all of them, discarding the ones that were like Barsch's sphere, while cataloguing the chaos into manageable chunks. 
“Warning. Power reserves approaching critical levels. Please abort Overclock mode immediately.”
Stubbornly, Maloch refused to give up. He had finally found a way to understand the complexity of the universe, and the loss of such an ability might leave him burnt out, but he refused to return to his ignorant existence empty-handed. So, with the world of infinite sphere's already starting to collapse, he pressed on. Faster and faster he went, going through enough data to fill a hundred super-computers in the blink of an eye. If he had been born a human, his brain would have long since given up, but his mechanized heritage granted him sturdiness, while his innate personality gave him more than enough stubbornness.
It was then, when what he sought seemed to be just within reach, that the world of order and logic collapsed. It seemed to happen in slow-motion, which was fortunate because it allowed Maloch to reach his destination with nano-seconds to spare. It was a silver sphere, no different from any other, but its contents were unique. Although he only had enough time to read the first few lines, it was enough...
“Accelerated healing has been recorded in almost all participants of Project Seraphim. In some cases, even fatal wounds could disappear within seconds. It has been suggested that the participants could be used as forerunners in the fight against the growing pollution problem. If not for the Zeta incident, such a proposition would no doubt already be in place.”
As the last word was read, Maloch felt a strong tug. It was as if something monstrous had grabbed hold of him, and was determined to drag him out of the ordered world. Reluctantly, he allowed the force to pull him away, knowing that staying any longer would be suicidal. However, as his mind was fleeing from the slow-motion collapse of the logical world, something caught his eye. If seeing Barsch had filled him with hope, this sight filled him with fear. He could feel his emotion engine working furiously, trying to comprehend the scope of what he was feeling, but ultimately, he lacked the imagination to feel enough fear to go with such a sight.
It was a large, ink-black sphere, emblazoned with the letters, “G.R.M.C” It was the program for the Global Release Master Code, which, in five centuries, would simultaneously awaken every human in cryogenesis. What made Maloch shudder in fear was the crimson snake that was encircling the sphere. It was a malicious string of code... a virus, and it did not belong.
Someone had intentionally modified the Master Code, the only thing capable of waking the sleeping humans, and Maloch had no way of knowing what the virus would do. Best-case scenario, it was a prank by an overzealous hacker... worst-case, it could potentially kill every human in every cryogenic pod in the world. In desperation, Maloch sent out a data probe, already knowing that it would not reach the viral serpent in time. If he could at least find out who had sent the beast, he could back-trace it and destroy it. 
It was a race against time: would his probe reach the sphere, or would the data world collapse first? Maloch already knew in his core that the probe would never make it in time. His desperate action had been just a moment too late. He would never know who had sent the virus, and would have to live with that thought for the rest of his existence. 
“Fate. Destiny. Hope. Chance. What if? The roll of the die has been changed for you, but know that it must also be changed for everyone else. Where you succeed, they will fail, and you must live with this burden, lest you rebel against the logic you so love. You have been given a chance to make things right... do not waste it.” 
The soft voice from before had appeared just as Maloch lost hope, and was gone before he could comprehend it's words. Somehow, Maloch knew that something in the world had changed, something had been changed. In the data world, Maloch watched as his probe unnaturally sped up and impacted with the errant code. Although the probe made only a glancing blow, it was enough.
Almost instantly, the information from the snake came through. “Years since creation: 5. Signature of creator: DR A. E. Origin: 75 miles to the north-west.”
Back in the illogical world of reality, Maloch returned to his senses just in time to watch his drained body slump to the floor. The Core still loomed above, apathetic to the problems of a single re-mech.
“It's been active for five years? That means that it must have been created during the Great Sleep... but all of humanity was already asleep, and no machine is capable of doing something like this... Wait, there was one human who was never frozen... one human who has been awake the whole time... Kingston. He has been in exile since before the Cryogenesis plan was created, so he is the only one who would have been awake. In addition, he had access to classified information about the cryogenic pods and their flaws... is it possible?” 
For a moment Kingston’s weary face swam into view. Kingston, who had shown nothing but compassion and kindness… Kingston, who had been exiled by those he had tried to protect…
“Could Kingston really have created that virus? Until I know for sure, I should keep this discovery to myself, lest I endanger Barsch or Alza. If the origin is truly that close, then we should encounter it on our journey before long. When we do, I will confront Kingston about the truth, and force him to tell me everything.”
“So, Maloch the re-mech, did you find what you were looking for?” called a familiar voice.
It took a moment for Maloch to process Guardian's words, his processors still reeling from his recent experiences. Eventually, the words sunk in, and Maloch was forced to lie, “I... I was not successful. It was too much for me to process... I could see nothing but chaos...”
“I see. Perhaps I should have warned you before I opened the gate. I do apologise for my actions. But, at the very least, you were able to see something wonderful before you were destroyed.”
This time, the words sunk in immediately, but Maloch tried to pretend he knew nothing. “What are you saying Guardian? Why would I be destroyed?”
For a brief moment, Maloch could almost picture Guardian's twisted smile, as the station A.I revealed his deception. “You see, little one, while you were enjoying your little trip, I did some checking. You can only imagine my surprise when I discovered the truth about your ploy! My sensors are not broken, you see, I went and rechecked the data a hundred and twenty thousand times over to be sure, and sector twenty-seven, where you said you were patrolling is over a thousand miles away... and under water! So, please enjoy your last few moments, as I take care of the other intruders. I think that I shall start with... the one in the pod.”
“NO!” screamed Maloch. In that instant he debated using his restored weapons to destroy the Core, and kill Guardian. But no, that wasn’t an option. Even if Barsch could be saved, he could not sacrifice over a hundred thousand lives to save just one. The fact that he could even consider it meant that the damage to his Emotion Engine was worse than he had previously thought.
“Do not waste your time trying to save them, re-mech... it is too late,” said Guardian, unaware that his existence had just been spared.
“Barsch, Kingston, Alza... no... NO! They are strong, Guardian, stronger than you, and stronger than I. They will survive, I know it!” Even as they left his voice box Maloch knew that he was lying, but he did not care. It needed to be true, so he would make it so.
“Even if they survive, they will never escape my lock-down. Sooner or later, I will catch you, and then I will kill you all!” 
Drawing on the last dredges of his reserves, Maloch managed to stand. Without giving Guardian time to seal the door, he sprinted out of the room. Guardian's maniacal laugh followed him, as Maloch softly whispered, “Barsch... all of you, please be safe...”
*
Its cold. So very cold. Ice runs through my veins, and frost is my blood. From somewhere far away, I can sense warmth. Darkness surrounds me, warming me with its suffocating presence. I am trapped in a conflict, as the my frozen soul wages war against the enclosing heat. Why can't I ever find peace? Why is there always violence in my dreams? 
“There is violence in your dreams because there is violence in your heart, Barsch La Tergan.” 
A quickly as it came, the voice is gone. Why does the voice seem so familiar? 
“I am familiar to you, Barsch La Tergan, and it saddens me greatly that you have forgotten me. I will have to teach you... and make you remember my name!” As the voice screams, everything is blown away. The biting cold. The suffocating heat. Even the pain, the pain which I had thought had been etched into my soul. 
The voice screamed, and brought the calm. The scene has changed now, with the darkness blown away. I am standing in an empty field, utterly devoid of life. It stretches to the horizon, a vast emptiness that births no laughter nor love. In this place, in this emptiness... silence reigns. 
“This place is empty. Is that what you were thinking?” 
I was wrong. 
This place is not empty. I can feel it now, a turbulence beneath my feet, like a great raging beast trapped in the earth. Even though it feels as though this place should have long since shaken apart, not a single blade of black grass moves. Not even the wind is allowed here, but whatever is thrashing around underneath me seems determined to destroy the peace.
“This is your heart, Barsch La Tergan. On the surface, it is calm and placid but, lurking beneath is a great beast. I am that beast, Barsch La Tergan.” 
No. There's no way that something like that exists within me. The voice is wrong. Everything is wrong! 
“Why do you deny it so vehemently? I have been with you since you took your first breath... the day that your mother took her last. She knew me, even then. In her last moments, she looked into your eyes and saw what she had brought into the world. I think that she was happy to let death take her, so that she wouldn't have to exist in a world in which you lived.” 
Do not speak about my MOTHER! She died so that I could live, so don't you dare speak badly about HER! 
The peace in the field trembles, as the struggling beast's rampage grows more violent. Without thinking, I summon my blade, ready to kill it should it break free. 
“See! I knew you hadn't forgotten your true nature! Look at what springs to mind when you think of hurting me! I have been with you since you took your first breath... and I will be with you until you take your last. Did you know? I was nameless at first, a vague feeling that you would sometimes have, whenever things looked bad. Do you remember your seventh birthday? One of the other kids tried to take your prized present, so you hit him until he stopped moving. Do you remember the thrill of it? Do you remember giving into your RAGE!”
You're wrong! That... that was a misunderstanding... I asked him... I begged him to run away... but he didn't listen... 
“Tell me, is this before or after you pinned him to the floor and reduced his fat face to a bloody mess? A seven year old, taking on someone twice his size and double his age... and you didn't suffer a single injury. Do you remember the look on his face? The fear in his eyes as he pleaded for mercy? Barsch La Tergan, you are a monster...no, we are a monster.”
In the field, the voice continues to grow stronger, as the land begins to buckle. Cracks spread out from beneath my feet, growing larger and larger with every word of accusation. The voice... the beast, finally comes into view. It had been right. I had met it before... many, many times before. 
It stood there, at the edge of the field, it's black mane seeming to swallow the light around it. The wolf with blue eyes. The beast that rages beneath my peace. The vile thing that I detest. The vile thing that I love. 
“You remember me now, don't you? You gave me this form. You gave me my name. You and I are one. Now, call out to me! Call my name!”
I can no longer deny it. I can no longer ignore its words. I was foolish to even try. The peaceful field is gone, replaced by a swirling vortex of chaos and blood-lust. 
Together, we howl. Together, we scream, “I AM LANISTA, AND I AM VIOLENCE!”
*
“Barsch!”
There was no response. Barsch hung supported in the pod, frost still coating his arms and legs. On a monitor below the pod, his heart-rate and brainwave activity was shown to be off the charts. He was not dead, but would soon succumb to shock if he could not wake up. The pods had been designed with a failsafe, in case a human ever woke up prematurely, which would open the sealed pod doors and deposit them in a safe area. For some reason, the pod had refused to follow protocol, and now lay shut tight even as Barsch's brainwaves continued to rise. 
“Barsch, can you hear me!” It had been three minutes since Guardian had initiated the lock-down. Three minutes since a frantic Maloch had raced back to the pod and found Kingston and Alza hammering on the glass. Guardian had gone through with his threat of terminating Barsch, and had done so by prematurely waking the injured teen, while simultaneously locking the pod. The shock of waking up immersed in ice had immediately stopped Barsch's heart, but luckily the healing agents in his blood had still been active, leaving him in a half-dead state.
“I'm sorry Kingston. This is my fault. If I hadn't gone to the Core, Guardian would never have awoken... and Barsch wouldn't have to suffer like this. But do not worry... I will fix my mistake. Alza, Kingston, please stand back.”
They both turned to look at the repentant re-mech, and then, without questioning, did as he said. Perhaps it had been something in his voice, or maybe they had just seen the honesty in his eyes. The moment they were clear, Maloch raised his new right hand. His fingers were already reconfiguring themselves, as the devastating sonic cannon was revealed to the world once more. It hummed with power, but, instead of the quickening murmur they had come to expect, the weapon gave off a feeble whine. 
“R. Hand weapon activated. Sonic Cannon: Concussive Pitch mode selected. Decibel level climbing... 25... 75... 150... 200. Upper limit reached. Concussive waveform stabilized at highest frequency. Warning, approaching blow-back effect threshold. Supersonic wave collapse may be dangerous to humans and buildings. Please use auditory protective equipment. Beginning firing sequence in three, two, one!”
Having been blessed with the dual virtues of foresight and experience, Kingston was able to anticipate what would happen next, and was able to pull an unaware Alza to the ground. She struggled against his sudden hold, but quickly caught on. A split-second later, she erected a barrier around them, just in time to see the Sonic Cannon fire. At first, it appeared to have done nothing at all, until Kingston felt his ears pop, and braced for the pressure wave. 
For a brief moment after the Sonic Cannon fired, there was a time of absolute silence, and then the peace exploded in a rush of high-pressured air. Originating from the still-vibrating barrel, the blast blew everything away. Alza and Kingston flew back in surprise, both having underestimated the strength of the shock-wave. Alza, ever a quick-thinker, allowed the barrier to reform around their air-borne bodies, like a cocoon made of liquid-gel. Even Maloch was blown back, his sturdy frame no match for the sudden change in pressure. However, the target of his attack, the glass of Barsch's pod, remained undamaged, with only a minuscule crack appearing at the mid-line.  
A few more seconds passed, with sound gradually -almost tentatively- creeping back into the air. Alza dismissed the barrier and, together with Kingston, went to view the results of Maloch's efforts. Barsch appeared to be unharmed, which Kingston attributed to the glass having absorbed most of the sound-wave, but he was still trapped. 
“I'm sorry Maloch, it was a good idea, but I guess-
“I am not finished.”
Standing up, the re-mech strode towards the cracked pod. When he reached the impenetrable glass, he held up his left hand, before placing his palm on the only barrier between him and Barsch. With a tiny click he tapped the glass with his fingers, before standing back and spreading his arms. Where he had tapped the glass, more cracks had appeared, and then quickly spread outwards with an unrivalled frenzy. They connected to the fracture made by the concussive wave, before forming a lattice across the entirety of the surface. After a dramatic pause, Maloch slowly brought his hands together. They connected with a soft clink, a sound which echoed around the room before reverberating back towards the glass. All at once, as if choreographed, the glass in the pod shattered outwards in a hail of minuscule fragments.
Finally free from his prison of ice and glass, Barsch fell forward into Maloch's waiting embrace. The embrace itself was not a gesture of acceptance, but was rather a way for Maloch to expose Barsch to his Core temperature. In three heart-beats, Barsch was warm and alive, though his eyes still refused to open.
Taking Barsch's limp body from Maloch, Kingston lowered him to the floor. Leaning in close to the boy, he gently whispered, “Barsch, I know that you can hear me. I want you to remember the words of your father. Remember: Through fire, through ice, through deepest despair-
“Never lose your stride...” Blinking against the sudden brightness, Barsch opened his eyes. His body was weak, but there was an iron core in him that could never be broken. “Kingston? I'm so glad you're safe...”
“Ha, you really are like Him. Your first words after coming out of a coma and you're asking about the well-being of someone else. Thank you for your compassion, but I think we should be worrying more about you at the moment. How do you feel? Is there any pain?”
Barsch tried to sit up, but Kingston kept a firm hand on his chest. Seeing the concern in the old hermit's eyes, Barsch gave up on trying to get up and answered, “I'm fine... actually, I'm better than fine, I'm feeling great! My back still feels a bit weird, but it doesn't hurt. How bad is the scarring?”
This time, Kingston let the boy sit up, but still kept his arms ready to catch him.  Zipping down the back of Barsch's podsuit, Kingston couldn't help but let out a gasp. When Maloch and Alza came round to see, they too gave signs of surprise. Six hours earlier, Barsch's back had been a mess of burns, welts and scar tissue. Now, apart from the six wing-shaped scars he received from the cóyotl, his back was clean. Not even so much as a blister remained of the horrifying burns. 
“Well? How bad is it?” came Barsch's impatient question.
Finally, Kingston remembered he could speak, and he said, “I said that your healing was above-average, but I'm afraid I underestimated you greatly. Even with the salve and the healing agents, I never thought that there would be no scarring at all. I don't know if it's your body, or if someone up there is looking out for you, but you are blessed, Barsch La Tergan.”
“I am impressed as well, Kingston, but there will be time to examine him later. I do not think I need to remind you about the lock-down. We have overstayed out welcome, and it is time we leave this place.”
“Believe me Maloch, there's nothing I would like more than to get out of here, but the station is, as you said, in lock-down.”
With Kingston's assistance, Barsch was finally allowed to stand. Together, the duo turned and faced the re-mech, who wore a look that can only be described as 'determined'.
“I said that I would fix my mistake, and I meant what I said. Guardian may think that he's got us trapped, but I will show him that he is wrong.”


Chapter XII: Memories of Moonlight
In which the light falters...

“So, Maloch, what exactly do you have in mind?” asked the curious old hermit.
After the re-mech had made his declaration, they had begun walking towards the central room of the station, following after Maloch's confident posture. Along the way, they stopped to find new clothes for Barsch, as his old attire had practically fallen apart from the acid rain. After a short search, they located one of the raiment lockers, which had been made to hold the discarded clothes from the people in the pods. Seemingly at random, Alza had picked out a handful of clothes and told the still drowsy Barsch to strip. After a short explanation on why it was rude to stare at someone getting changed, Alza reluctantly turned around, muttering, “...really don't see the point...” under her breath. 
Although it had appeared to be a random selection of garments, Barsch was left in quite fashionable clothing by the time he was done. His black and blue shirt had been replaced with a yellow and black variant, with a golden spiral embossed over his heart, while his lower limbs were now covered with black, hard-worn denim. Yellow running shoes provided contrast, while a dark grey overcoat protected him from the elements. After Kingston had given his approval, and Alza had given him a once-over, they once more set off towards the hub room. 
The journey seemed to be quicker on the way out, but for Barsch, everything was a new sight. His quick eyes reread each poster no less than five times, and his fingers reached out to brush the low hanging stalagmites where they grew. However, after a while, his hands fell to his sides, and his eyes fell to the dull floor. 
“That's right... father, and everyone else... they are still asleep, in a place just like this... why did I wake up? Out of a hundred million people, why was I chosen? I've never done anything that made me stand out... When I was a kid, I used to dream of grand adventures, of saving damsels in distress, and vanquishing a great evil. But, in the end, those were only dreams... the dreams of a boy living in a dying land. Since the moment I woke up, it has felt as though I’ve been living in one of those dreams, and that, at any moment, the dream will end and I'll be back in Genesis Station, where I belong...”
Barsch could still remember the pod room, the tower which had healed him. Over a hundred thousand people were sleeping nearby; did he really want to re-join them?  
“But, after everything that's happened, can I really still say that? If I had never woken up, if fate had never chosen me, would I be happier than I am now? If I had never awoken, if I had never met Kingston, or Maloch, or Alza… would I be able to live on in blissful ignorance? To be honest, when I awoke in Kingston's arms, for a brief moment in the confusion and the pain, I thought that he was my father... and that I was back in Genesis. For that instant, I truly felt despair... a heart-breaking, gut-wrenching despair that seemed to blacken my heart. If all of this, if everything that we've done together, turns out to be nothing more than a dream, I don't think I will be strong enough to take it. What was it that father said, when I refused to sleep? Ah, yes... Death is but a deep sleep, and life is but a dream...” 
“Barsch, are you okay?” It was Kingston's gentle, yet slightly cold voice that brought Barsch out of his musings.
“I'm... I'm fine. I guess I'm still just a little drowsy...”
“I see. Well, you were just unfrozen for the second time in two months, which is technically impossible, so I guess some side-effects are to be expected. Just promise me that you will tell me if the drowsiness persists, or if anything else pops up. Maloch might say that you're fine, but even machines can be wrong, and I’d rather not take the chance with your well-being.” Kingston’s kind eyes swept over Barsch’s unsteady frame, noting how he was stumbling on every other step. However, he said nothing further.
“Thanks Kingston, but I'm fine, really. Besides, after this is over, I can have a nice... long... nap...” replied Barsch, yawning. In truth he felt ready to collapse at the slightest provocation, but he could not afford to delay them further. Although he wasn’t completely sure of what was happening, he knew that his injuries and healing had been an unwelcome burden on the others.
They proceeded onwards with an awkward air between them, the reality of the situation making conversation difficult. Thankfully, they were spared by the appearance of the central room.
For a moment, Kingston thought that the re-mech would lead them towards the entrance, despite it being the most obvious and well protected route. Instead, the quick-thinking servant turned towards the door adorned with the symbol of a stylized water droplet.
“The Station Waterworks?” asked Kingston in surprise.
“After studying the station schematics, I found that the entire complex was built over a massive network of caves, that had been carved aeons ago by a raging underground river. Although most of the tunnels were filled in during construction, a section of the Waterworks was left untouched. If we proceed through the Station's sub-systems, we should be able to reach the caves and hopefully find an exit to the surface.”
“I'm impressed. Good work Maloch.”
“I live to serve...” Maloch paused for a moment, seemingly thinking about what he had said, “But thank you nonetheless...” he added, a few seconds later.
Approaching the door to the Waterworks, the first obstacle to their escape was quickly found. The door, in accordance with the Station's lock-down procedure, had been sealed tight. For anyone else, it would be an impassable object, and a definitive end to their journey, but there had yet to be a door built sturdy enough to resist the combined strength of Alza, Kingston and Maloch. 
Leaving the still weak Barsch in the centre of the room, the trio began analysing the door. A scientist in every regard, Kingston first thought of merely hacking the control mechanism, but Maloch pointed out that Guardian would have secured all access points after Maloch's recent invasion of his Core. Surprisingly, it was Alza who came up with the idea… one that would have been impossible without her unique talents. 
“It's simple. I will merely reach through the door with my mind and unlock it from the other side,” she said, in a manner similar to how one would ask when supper was ready. If he had heard anything of the sort a few months ago, Kingston would have laughed, but he had seen the truth of the words. He had seen the truth of her power. Had she? 
And although Kingston still felt unease whenever Alza used her strange gifts, he had to concede that it was the best plan for their time-constrained situation. However, his curious nature could not be sated until he asked, “Wait, how do you know that you can do that?”
Alza lowered her upraised arm, a look of confusion on her face. “I... I just know. Even before, when I created that flame, I knew in my heart that it would work. It was like I was simply remembering something I had done before.”
“Perhaps your past self had more control over your abilities? Tell me, do you still remember nothing from before Barsch found you?” Kingston asked, momentarily forgetting himself.
After a few heartbeats of silence Alza turned to him and said, “I remember... bits and pieces, but it's out of focus, distorted, as if I was trying to see through smoke. Before I encountered Barsch... It's like I was dead... as much unaware of the world as it was of me...”
Kingston tried his hardest to create a comforting smile on his face, but, in the face of her blank, emotionless expression, it felt hollow and insincere. Would he ever be able to give her a proper smile, and let down his guard around her? Probably not, he thought, unless she isn’t what I think she is…
“We are wasting time. Let us be gone from this place.” After raising her hand again, Alza closed her eyes and began to breathe deeply. From beneath her eyelids, violet light began to leak out, as her hair was splayed out by a wind that only she felt.
Barsch felt as though he should have been cowering in fear of this unearthly display, but instead, he felt calm, as if this scene of supernatural power was perfectly normal. Even Kingston, who normally looked away when Alza displayed her abilities, was looking with curious fascination. Maloch bore the same analytical gaze as always, yet one could almost see his mind working furiously, trying to uncover the secret behind Alza's superhuman power.
After a minute of held breaths and intense concentration, Alza lowered her hand. If her use of power had taken its toll, she did not let it show, though Barsch would have sworn that she looked a little less stable, as she took a step towards the still shut door. Placing a hand on the smooth surface -perhaps using the solid frame as a crutch- she pushed gently, watching with satisfaction as the heavy door swung open with a gentle hiss. 
“Let's go,” she said, slightly out of breath. 
*
Following Alza's curt statement, they entered the Waterworks, with the difference between the pod room tunnel and the service areas becoming immediately noticeable. No extravagant posters would ever be found between the rusted pipes and uninsulated wires. No cheerful messages to pod inhabitants existed in this dank and dirty place. It was a place for working, a place where luxury and comfort did not belong. Overhead, bolted to the low, waterlogged ceiling, were hundreds of finger-wide pipes. 
In these pipes, thousands of gallons of water and coolant flowed to countless destinations, bringing cooling relief to overheating machines and liquid happiness to parched residents. Even though humanity was asleep, a low hum could be heard, a sign that the station was still alive. With the generator as it's heart, the core as it's brain, and the pipe-works as it's veins, the Station felt like a living, breathing thing. And now, that thing was dead-set on capturing them, changing the Station from a safe haven into a prison. 
A few minutes later, the weary group emerged from the claustrophobic tunnel to find a large, pipe filled room. In the centre of the room was a sluice gate, which regulated the amount of water allowed into the massive tanks which dominated the rest of the room. A churning stream of water ran through the room, partially hidden beneath a sturdy panel of bulletproof glass, while turbines transformed the ferocity of the river into power, which was then sent to the generator to be redirected to the rest of the station. 
All in all, the room's design spoke of purpose, not aesthetics, which made navigation somewhat hard. On the other side of the room, partially hidden behind a drooping pipe, was a small door. Most of its steel-grey surface was taken up by a large, heavy looking valve, which would prevent water from flowing out of the room during an emergency. The only other exit was the corrugated set of bars that prevented pieces of flotsam from travelling from the river to the lower levels.
“Something is wrong.” 
It was the phrase that Kingston had been dreading, ever since Maloch had first announced his 'too easy to be true' plan. Somehow, he already knew what the re-mech was going to say, but he still had to ask, just to be sure.
“What's wrong?”
The Maloch took a step forward, his heavy foot landing squarely on the glass covering that separated them from the raging river. The glass gave no sign of breaking, and indeed, seemed to hardly notice the extra weight. Maloch, ignorant of the danger beneath his feet, raised his four-fingered hand and pointed to the sealed door. “That,” he said, “Should not be closed.”
Whatever scenario Kingston had been imagining, it had been far worse than a simple closed door, so he gave a curt laugh and said, “So it's closed? Can't we just open it like the last one?”
Maloch ignored Kingston's jovial tone, and instead, said, “This was the biggest flaw in my plan. As long as we are in the main sectors of the station, Guardian has us at his mercy. I'm afraid that the amount of time required to get through that door would be too great. We will have to find another way out, and quickly.”
Maloch's solemn words had immediately stolen Kingston's smile, and his serious tone forced Kingston to ask, “But, what does it matter if we're still in the main sector? Guardian is an AI, so he has no way to physically manifest. What can he do to us without a physical body?”
“Have you forgotten about the laser incident in the decontamination chamber? Even if Guardian is a digital entity, he is still able to reach out through the machines under his control. And one of the greatest weapons in his arsenal is a little thing known as NEURO-997... from your expression, it seems that you know of it?”
“What is NEURO-997? It sounds like a chemical of some sort?” Barsch had been leaning against an errant pipe for support, but now he stepped forward with a curious look on his face.
It was Kingston who answered, though it felt as though he really did not want to speak. 
“When I was receiving information about the stations, one of the planned defence measures was a gas known as NEURO-997. It was completely odourless and colourless, making it undetectable to humans. Although the effects took several minutes to fully kick in, they were devastating once they did. Neuromuscular paralysis that lasted several hours, in addition to temporary retrograde amnesia and a couple of really nasty side-effects. At the time, I thought that it would never be allowed, but I guess I was wrong...”
“Indeed, it is as you say. However, due to Revelation Station's dangerous location, it's creators deemed it necessary. They reasoned that any hostile wildlife that made it into the station would be quickly knocked out by the gas, allowing maintenance re-mech's to eliminate it without hassle. In addition, I learned that the gas has a second function. In the event that the human inhabitants started rioting, the gas would be deployed in order to subdue them, after which they would be placed in cryogenic pods until they were deemed safe.”
“And you think that Guardian is going to use this gas against us if we don't escape soon?”
“Yes.”
“Then we have no time to waste. I don't think we have enough time to backtrack to the hub room, so our only options are to either open that door or find another way out of this room.”
“What about the river?” Both Maloch and Kingston turned in surprise, after having completely forgotten about Alza since entering the room. 
In perfect unison, they said, “The river?”
“It seems that all we would have to do is break the glass covering and the grate. If you are looking for a way out of here, there is no simpler option. Additionally, Guardian wouldn't expect it, so he couldn't possibly have laid a trap on the other side.”
Barsch spoke then, surprising Kingston and Maloch for the second time in as many minutes. “Um... Is it just me, or have we had really bad luck with rivers lately? Remember that time outside Wareven? And then when we were in the canyon? Do you guys really want to do that again?”
“Do you have a better idea, Barsch La Tergan?” asked Alza. Her voice was colder than it had been in a long time, so long in fact Barsch had begun to hope that she had changed.
Ever since he had awoken for the second time, he had thought that Alza seemed... nicer, more open, but his thoughts of a cheerful Alza were crushed by her harsh statement. She was the same apathetic, emotionless girl he had first met in the glade. It was a disheartening thought, that he had failed his goal of changing her into a warm and sociable person. 
Out-loud, he said, “No, I don't.” However, in his mind, he whispered to himself, “I haven't given up yet. I know that she isn't completely cold. I just have to try harder to make her open up!”
“Then, if there are no other suggestions, let us proceed with my plan.”
There were no suggestions from either Maloch or Kingston, so they dutifully followed her commands without question. Before any thought could be given on how they would survive the freezing, bone-breaking force of the river, they had to find a way to get rid of the glass cover. Always the pragmatist, Maloch suggested merely firing his mining bore laser into a weak point in the glass, and carving a hole through which they could enter. However, the flaw in this plan was quickly pointed out by Kingston, who explained that the glass had been specially made to be both projectile and laser retardant.
While Kingston, Maloch and Alza stood around the river, Barsch had found a seat on a disused pipe several feet away. Although his drowsiness from the cryogenic gas had mostly worn off, he still felt light-headed, as if his brain had been wrapped in cotton. He sat there, his mind drifting idly from one thought to another, feeling quite useless and unhelpful. It was because of this absent mindedness that he was the first one to notice the blinking red light in the corner of the room. 
At first, his addled mind thought that it was a mere trick of the light, but, as the minutes passed, and it refused to disappear, he became more and more worried. Slowly getting to his feet, he made his way over to the light, which appeared to originate from a small black box embedded in the wall. After making his way through the jumbled mess of pipes and tubes, Barsch made it to the offending glow. Taking a closer look, he noticed that the device had a small grill underneath the light, which reminded Barsch of a speaker system he had once seen as a child. Reaching forward, he placed his hand on the pulsating light, mesmerized by its repetitive pattern. 
Suddenly, without any warning, the box spoke, “Good evening human male. I am glad to see that you awoke from your little nap safely. Please understand, I did not want to kill you or your friends, but you forced my hand. I told you to leave, and you refused... so in the end, this is all your fault. However, you should not think of me as evil or malicious, I am simply doing what my programming tells me. And right now, it is telling me that you are a danger to my children. I was made to keep them safe, you see? And I will not let anything, not even a human, threaten them!”
In that instant, Barsch knew who he was speaking with. He knew before he even opened his mouth to ask, “Who are you?”
“I Am Guardian, and I will save you from yourself!”
“Kingston! We have a problem over here!” he cried, falling backwards in his haste to retreat.
Hearing the panic in his young protégé's voice, Kingston looked up immediately. A half-second later, Maloch and Alza followed suit. 
“Barsch, what's wrong?” he asked, in a worried voice.
The moment Kingston had called out, Barsch had begun making his way back, but no matter how far he went from the box, the voice followed him. 
“Why do you run, human? Surely you don't think that you can escape from me? I have already sealed all the exits, and in a few minutes, the gas will finish filling the room, sending all of you off to a nice, long, sleep.”
Barsch stopped. “What did you say? What gas?”
“Oh! I had assumed that you had noticed. Well, never-mind, it's no big deal. I have been filling this room with NEURO-997 since you first set foot in the Waterworks. By my calculations, you have about three minutes before you succumb to its effects. Use them wisely or try in vain to escape, your choice...”
“Kingston?” asked Barsch.
“I should have known that he would do something like this... there's no way that he would ever give us a chance  to escape. Alza being able to open that door was probably part of his plan too.”
“What do we do? Have you made any progress with the glass?”
“Very little. The main problem is the reactive crystal layer. If we could get past that, it would be a lot easier.”
“Why can't you get past the crystal layer?” asked Barsch, trying to forget the voice for a moment. It had reminded him of a man he had once met as a child. The man had had five children, and had almost killed a U.N.O.E food distribution clerk after he had refused to give enough food for all five. It had taken half of the settlement to stop the father. Barsch could still remember the look in his eyes; the look of a man who would do anything and everything for his children. “I wonder what happened to them, in the end? Did they make it to a Station? Or…”
Shaking himself from his reverie, Barsch approached the others. Reaching Kingston, he fell into step beside the old man.
They talked as they walked, both displaying an outer calm that was disproportionate to how they truly felt. “Well, the glass itself has a layer of crystalline nano-structures running through the mid-line. These nano-structures have been made to react to any outside interference by changing the glass's structure at a fundamental level. For instance, if we hit it with a pressure wave, it will immediately reconfigure its molecules into a form that cancels out the wave. The same thing happens if we try to use lasers or sound. Even Alza's powers don't seem to have an effect.” The old hermit looked away as he said this, his failure in finding an escape route obviously weighing heavily on his mind. 
“Wait, you said that the class reacts to everything that hits it, right? So what would happen if we were to hit it with multiple frequencies at once? Would it still be able to change its structure to all of them in time?”
Once more, Kingston stopped in surprise. It wasn't that the thought hadn't occurred to him, but the way Barsch said it made something go click in his mind.
“Of course! If we use the combined force of Maloch's sonic cannon and my solar staff, we might be able to overload the crystal layer! Barsch, you’re a genius!”
As Kingston rushed off to find Maloch, Barsch whispered under his breath, “Great… now if only someone could tell my dad that…”
*
A few minutes later, Kingston had explained the plan, and he and Maloch were getting ready to execute it. Kingston was standing on one side of the river, solar staff in hand, while Maloch stood on the opposite bank, his sonic cannon already humming with anticipation. Alza and Barsch had already retreated to a safe distance, though both were ready to move at a moment’s notice.
“I see that madness has taken you, little humans. I am not surprised at this... however, to see a fellow machine participating in this absurdity is most unexpected. No matter what you try, you will fail. I have already calculated the odds of all four of you escaping this room... to put it bluntly, there is a one in a billion chance that you will succeed. Now that you know it's impossible, won't you just give up and quietly succumb to the gas?”
“One in a billion? Somehow I really miss when it was just one in four…”
In their haste to try Barsch's plan, they had completely forgotten about the neuro-toxin spreading slowly throughout the room, pervading their bodies with its paralysing miasma. Already, Barsch's body felt heavier than before, and he had to fight to stay focused on Kingston and Maloch. The invisible fumes called to him, their siren song slowly winning him over, drawing him into the world of dreams. Even Alza, the staunchest among them, looked worn out, with heavy, deep breaths that seemed forced and unnatural. 
“Kingston... hurry...” he said, between breaths.
Kingston looked up from his preparations, immediately noticing Barsch and Alza's plight. Hurrying, he quickly finished his calibrations, and took his stance, his solar staff held like a fishing spear, with the ‘prong’ pointing towards the glass-covered water. Maloch immediately mimicked his action, lowering his sonic cannon to the floor until the rim was resting against the crystal-infused barrier. 
The low hum became a high pitched whine, as more and more pressure built up in his transformed arm. With a final nod towards the teenagers, Kingston gave Maloch the signal to fire. At first, there was no change in the situation, and for all intents and purposes, the plan seemed to be a complete failure. However, after ten seconds, the first crack appeared in the -until then- impenetrable cover. Another ten seconds passed, and the first crack was joined by three more of its brethren. 
“Something is wrong.” It was Alza who uttered those forbidden words, which brought a groan from Barsch before he asked her what she had meant.
“If it was going to break, it should have happened by now. The crystals are still rearranging the glass molecules, the only difference is that it's taking longer than before. If this carries on, the glass will finish reforming and we will be incapacitated.”
Although Alza's voice had been crystal clear above the sonic roar, Barsch had to shout to be heard. “What can we do! How do we stop it from reforming?”
Alza cringed at the teenager shouting at her, his voice drilling into her brain with what seemed like a hooked drill-bit. Instead of asking him to lower his voice, she merely closed her eyes for a second and called forth her power. It came slower than before, a shaft of light travelling through ice as opposed to the raging inferno that she was used to. 
“The gas has already compromised me to this extent. If we wait any longer, our bodies will falter as well.” Nevertheless, the power still came, drawn to a sense of will far greater than itself. Siphoning off a tiny amount, Alza spun it out into reality, her mental image guiding it's change. When she opened her eyes, a shimmering dome of light had formed around them. Outside, the noise was nearly unbearable, but it was silent in the dome. For a heartbeat, Alza allowed herself to drink in the peace and the quiet, before she returned to the task at hand.
“The problem is simple. The solution is a little more complicated. The basic premise behind this plan was correct, however, the hermit and the re-mech have underestimated the adaptability of the glass. In order for its adaptive ability to be overwhelmed, a third frequency must be introduced, and it must be a frequency that is on the opposite spectrum of what has already been introduced. If the old man and the re-mech had used opposing frequencies in the first place, the glass would have cracked by now.”
“But, where are we going to find a third frequency? And even if we do find one, there's no guarantee that it will have the right vibrations. Wait... vibrations... vibrations!”
With a triumphant grin, Barsch reached over his shoulder, his hand already opening to grasp the object that lay there. The object that he had used again and again to bring suffering and violence into the world. The object that he hated, because it brought out a side of him that he had thought was long gone. The object that had appeared in his dreams, and which had made him feel truly alive, so alive that it hurt. The image of the roaring beast flashed across his mind, as it's shaped morphed: from beast to blade and back again. Barsch knew in his heart, that every time he drew the blade, the beast grew stronger. 
“I don't have a choice! I'm just going to use it to create a few vibrations, and then I’ll turn it off immediately. I won't let it control me... I won't...”
His mind made up, Barsch clenched his fingers around the smooth hilt, and, in one smooth action, drew Lanista. It's lightness still amazed him, even now. When he held the blade in hand, his body always felt lighter, freer, than ever before. But he knew, the lightness was an illusion. In reality, the blade was an anchor, which, if left unchecked, would eventually drag his heart down into darkness. 
Stepping through the wall of the barrier, Barsch quietly said, “Lanista, become my carnage...” He had not meant to speak, but the beast had taken hold of his voice. It wanted to be heard. So let them hear it, he thought, walking forward.
In three short strides, he was beside Kingston, who looked at him with a mixture of fear and surprise. The old hermit was breathing heavily, and sweat had soaked his brow. His face wore a look of intense concentration, but his knees were already beginning to buckle from the effort of keeping him upright. 
The solar staff in his hands was a blur of light and heat, as it's vibrations briefly took it outside the visible spectrum. Across from the former recluse, Maloch was faring little better. Despite having recently received repairs, or perhaps because of it, his hull was showing signs of buckling. He too looked at Barsch in surprise, but he caught on faster than Kingston, and merely gave a nod to signal his acceptance of the change in the plan.
Another stride brought Barsch over the river, it's fury mere inches away, trapped beneath a barrier of glass that he was now attempting to break. Forcing himself to stop thinking about what he was about to do, he shakily brought his hand to Lanista's ripcord. His semi-paralysed caught hold of the length of cord on the third try, and he was able to start the engine on the fifth. 
It spluttered at first, as it's unused battery core lurched into action, sending a near-endless stream of energy into the gear mechanism. Freed from their bondage, the shark-tooth hooks began their slow circuit around the midnight-black blade, each revolution louder and faster than the last. In seconds, the blade was alive once more, it's blood-lusting roar competing with Maloch's sonic cannon for auditory dominance. Not for the first time, Barsch wondered why his hands did not simply shake apart, as he grimly tightened his grip on the screaming sword. 
“Still? Still you struggle against the inevitable? I must apologise, human male, I have underestimated you. Perhaps, there is-”
“Shut, up!” With those words of defiance, Barsch hefted Lanista into the air, swung it around in a full revolution, before slamming it's roaring blade into the vibrating glass. 
For a single instant, everything froze. The sound vanished. Colour drained from the world. Leaving Barsch frozen in a dead, colourless world. It was a mere instant, a hiccup in time, but it was just long enough for the beast to appear. It wore a look that could only be described as self-satisfied.
With a victorious chortle, it growled, “Yes, embrace it... embrace your true nature... become the beast, Barsch La Tergan... become the blade, Son of None... become the bloodshed, child of DEATH!”
And then the moment was over, and everything, colour; sound; light; came flooding back in a rush, as if it was making up for lost time. From where the blade had connected, a long crack had been made, which began to race towards it's friends. Where it met them, it splintered and broke, until the glass covering was a field of breaks and scars, held together by shock and surprise. 
And then the shock vanished, taking the entirety of the glass case with it. In slow motion, the solid ground beneath Barsch became liquid, giving him just enough time to utter a wordless cry of fright. As he fell -time still lagging several seconds behind- Barsch wondered if he had done the right thing, or if this had just been a trick of the beast. 
And then his body became intimate with a hundred gallons of ice-cold water, and all thoughts of trickery were driven from his mind. Shock kept him awake, but it was fighting both fatigue and the paralytic gas, which had by now thoroughly infected every inch of his lanky body. He was briefly aware of colliding with something solid, before all breath was forced from his lungs.
*
Back in the normal temporal plane, Kingston watched in horror as the glass beneath Barsch's feet splintered and broke, sending the poor boy plunging into the turbulent waters below. It was a split-second decision that moved him, a single heartbeat later. Placing the still glowing solar staff in his mouth, he dove. Although the years had not been kind to him, his body had been forged on the battlefield, and it still held an iron core. It was this core that allowed him to brush aside the shock of the frozen water, and helped him to quickly reach his charge. The boy was already fighting a losing battle against unconsciousness, and slamming into the wrought-iron grate proved to be the finishing blow. 
“Kingston!” The re-mech landed in the water with a heavy thud, his watertight chassis quickly dragging him to the bottom of the stream. After a moment, he righted himself, and emerged from the torrential rapids. The water began to stream past his mid-section, somehow knowing that trying to fell him would be a wasted effort. With the strength of ten men, the re-mech reached into the swirling depths and, after a few seconds of rummaging around, withdrew an unconscious Barsch.
“Maloch, we need to get through that grate! Can you break it?”
The re-mech finished fishing Barsch out of the water, holding him by the collar of his coat. He turned towards the last obstacle in their plan, and began to analyse it. “It's no good. The bars are not that strong, but it's taking everything I have to keep myself from getting pulled under. If we could weaken the bars, I might be able to do something...”
Another splash, and then, “I believe I may be able to rectify the situation.” Alza had landed beside Maloch, and had used his relatively sturdy frame to prevent herself from being swept away. The soft light emanating from her violet irises was the only foreshadowing for what came next, giving Kingston just enough time to dive towards Maloch. A single heartbeat later, fire blossomed overhead. Kingston felt the heat wave singe a few of his remaining hairs, before he collided with Maloch. 
The jet of flame had come from a ball of fire, which hovered just above the water's surface. As the first burst died out, another was born, arcing from the orb to the grate with a beautiful yet deadly motion. Every spear of flame struck the grate dead-on, quickly turning the barricade into a semi-melted lump of metal. The bars, built for icy water, had no defence against the white-hot inferno that assaulted them. The simultaneous heating and cooling gave rise to a cloud of steam, from which the battle between water and flame was briefly obscured. 
A few more fire-bursts later, and it was down. What was left of the grate still blocked their path, but it was nothing a well-placed fist from Maloch couldn't deal with. With barely a pause for thought, he proceeded to bring his hand down on the molten barrier, which shattered like glass under his immense weight. 
At long last, the way out of the room was open to them, but it had taken a lot more out of them than they had anticipated. After her ball of flame had burnt out, Alza had joined Barsch in the land of dreams, with Kingston following mere seconds later. The combined forces of paralysing neuro-toxins, fatigue and stress had felled all three humans, leaving only the re-mech conscious. 
However, even Maloch was struggling to stay awake, the effort required to stand fast against the rapids having quickly drained what was left of his power reserves. After making sure that his human masters were safely anchored to his robust frame, he let the water take them, into the dark future beyond the grate...
*
Meanwhile, in another time and place entirely, a man was sitting in an office. It was a stately office, full of oak furnishings and bookcases packed with medical journals. In contrast to the polished look of the office, the man was rather plain. He wore a faded blue shirt, which bore numerous multi-coloured stains, all of which reeked of chemicals. He wore a dirty lab-coat over his shirt, which had obviously seen better days. His grey pants looked well-worn, and his black shoes were scuffed and frayed. It was obvious that this was a man who was not overly worried about his appearance, most likely due to the fact that he had not received a single visitor in over thirty years. 
At present, he was reviewing a file that had been left on his desk. It had been left there by his son, who had wandered away after dropping it off. Knowing him, he was most likely in the training room, perfecting his techniques. The man was in quite a good mood, which was a rarity for him. His annual scan of the surrounding area had revealed a thirty percent decrease in pollution concentration, which meant that his plan was proceeding smoothly. 
In addition, the machine in charge of watching the cryogenic stations had informed him that 99.9 percent of the global population was still in cryogenesis. He had reasoned that the remaining 0.1 percent was most likely just a problem in the calculating software, and had already scheduled maintenance for the machine, which would happen in three days’ time. 
He turned the page of the report -which was filled with data values and charts- and grimaced. The page was titled, “Decrease in Production Rate” and was nothing but bad news. The article told of a seventy percent decrease in production in the NOVUS program, with a nine out of ten defect rate. The man in the office scowled as he read further into the report, his good mood fading fast. “If I could only replicate my earlier success, there wouldn't be any problems. What was it about subject 14? Why was it so easy to replicate? Perhaps, the answer lies outside the genetic code? Radiation, perhaps? I shall have to go through subject 14's medical records later...”
The man's thoughts were interrupted by a buzzing sound, which had come from one of the many monitors on his desk. They were an older model, bulky and keyboard controlled, but the man had insisted on them. He had always preferred using older tech. To him, it had a certain charm, a sense of purpose, that the newer models supposedly lacked. Placing the disappointing file on the hardwood surface, the man leant over and tapped a section of the desk. 
A moment later, a pre-Quantum Age keyboard popped out from a recessed groove. It had been hard to acquire such an antique, but he had been a very important man before the end of the world. With deft hands that had been honed by years of inputting commands on scientific instruments, he quickly accessed the buzzing monitor. It was one of many that had been assigned to watch the cryogenic stations. This particular display was labelled C-Rev.52, and, up to that point, had never changed its message, “No changes detected.” Now however, it's screen showed something very different. 
“Full Lock-down initiated. Intruders detected in Cryo-Pod chamber. Activating defence measures. Sealing blast doors. Funnelling NEURO-997 to designated rooms. Disturbance detected in Station Waterworks. Error. Intruders have disappeared. Beginning scan of all sub-systems and service areas...”
For a while, the man in the office just sat there, staring at the disastrous message. He felt like getting angry, but his rational side convinced him that doing so would only be a waste of his valuable time. Instead, he silently fumed, as his mind raced. 
Calm down. It's most probably just a bug in the system. Guardian has always been the most trigger happy of all the A.I.'s, so he probably just over reacted. But... if I combine this with the C-Gen.13 report from a few weeks ago, no, it can't be a full awakening... So, best case scenario, it's a glitch, and worse case it's an isolated incident. Still, if there really are humans that are awake, then they will most likely be looking for shelter from the pollution. And if Revelation Station kicked them out, then the closest place is... here. Even though the chances are slim, I should still be prepared.”
On the edge of his desk lay a single, bronze bell. It had been a gift from one of his few friends, and was inscribed with the word, “Pavlov.” Picking up the conch shaped instrument up, he gently rang it, once, twice, and then a third time. It was a code that he had made, one ring meant that he wanted something urgently; two rings meant that he was in danger; and three rings was an immediate summoning. Under his breath he counted the seconds, until there was a knock at the carved oak door.
“Enter.”
The man who entered wore a look of polite inquiry, but the man behind the desk knew that it was a mask. 
“What is it you require of me, Father?”
The man's son had closed the door behind him, and had quickly made his way to the centre of the spacious room. He stood before the desk, arms folded behind his back, eyes facing forward. He wore a white podsuit, which, at his own insistence, had been emblazoned with several golden lines that snaked up his torso and encircled the hems. He had requested it after the man behind the desk -his Father- had told him a story about the angels, a species of mythological creatures who had served the heavens. 
The man in the white podsuit had listened with rapt attention, as his Father explained how the angels had always been clad in white and gold. After the story had finished, the man's son had said, with a puzzled look on his face, “They were impressive, to be sure… but I could do better.” 
And the man had said, “You are right, we should not tolerate anything less than perfection.”
“Father?”
The word snapped the man out of his recollections, and brought him back to the matter at hand. After showing the boy the monitor, he said, “Son, it seems as though we will be receiving guests very shortly. I want you to go and prepare for their arrival.”
“As you wish, Father.”
After the man in the angelic podsuit had left, his Father leant back into his deep chair. He closed his eyes and, without a single hint of malice in his voice, said, “I will be the one to wash away the sin of humanity. I will create a perfect world, free from their mistakes...”
*
In yet another place and time, a man sat cross-legged atop a spire made of rock. At first, he appeared to be sleeping, but his chest was moving too irregularly, and if one drew close, they would hear his chant.
“Darkness begets light. Fear begets hope. Despair begets courage. Winter begets spring. Death begets life. All is one, and one is all. Balance is ordered chaos. Chaos consumes order. Order stifles creation. Creation makes ideals. Ideals cause wars. Wars bring suffering. Suffering creates pain. Pain is balanced by joy, and joy brings forth balance. All is one, and one is all.”
“I'm surprised, I didn't think I would find you here.” 
The man sitting on the spire did not look up as he said, “I always come here when I am uncertain.”
The newcomer had arrived on a gust of wind, which had carried her there from a distant sea. She took a moment to study the man sitting on the spire, noting the dark rings under his eyes, which had not been there when last they had met. 
“Brother.” There was no response. 
“Terra.” The man on the spire looked up at his sister, at Ion. Although her features were serene, like the surface of a clear lake, he knew that she was just as worried as he. “Why are you uncertain?”
Standing up, Terra let the spire of earth crumble away. He did not need it, but he liked the feeling of having something solid beneath him. Floating in mid-air may have been fine for Ion, but his place had always been on the ground, and he felt uneasy at having to stay airborne. “Ion, have you ever wondered... if we are doing the wrong thing? By waking Barsch, we have directly interfered with both his fate, and the fate of this planet... Maybe we should have left things as they were... as fate intended...”
Ion was not surprised to hear the words, as she had once thought the same. However, between the two of them, Terra had always been the one who had been so sure of their decision. To hear him speak like this was disturbing.
“So you believe that we should have done nothing, and watched as our brother did as he pleased? If we do not stop him, those humans down there will be defenceless. We were their gods once, and we abandoned them! We owe it to them, this chance to change their fate...”
“I know... I know, but we swore an oath, that we would never directly interfere with their lives again. Even if it was just manipulating a few tiny details, we still changed things. If... if He was still himself...”
Ion's expression softened as she glided closer to her worried brother. Placing a hand on his broad back, she said, as calmly as she could manage, “If our brother was still... himself... then you know that he would have been the first to do something. Remember when we were first told to leave the humans alone? That was the first time I'd ever seen him get angry... truly angry. He fought the hardest too, even when it was hopeless. He loved the humans more than anyone, and I know that he would have done whatever it took to ensure that they were safe.”
It was always hard to talk about Him, their beloved brother who had gone mad and sworn to rid the world of every last human. Whenever his name was mentioned, it brought back so many memories: memories of happiness and sorrow, of peaceful days and blood-soaked fights. 
“But he's not that man anymore! Our brother is gone... gone forever. And if he is still in there somewhere, if a small part of him remains...”
“He would ask us to protect the humans, even if we had to cut him down to do so...” It was a hard thing to say, but Ion knew it had to be said.
“And what if we fail? What if we chose the wrong person? What if Barsch isn't the one we were looking for!”
It was another thought that had crossed Ion's mind more than once. If they had been wrong, then they lost. There were no second chances. “We just have to believe in him. We chose him because of who he is, not what he is. You know as well as I do, that there was no one else.”
“Born from death. Descended from greatness. Bearer of the Beast. Those were the markers. Those were the words that led us to him... But I'm worried. We've seen what lies in his heart... the rage that takes him... can we really entrust him with the fate of the world, when he can't even control himself?” Terra said, rising. 
He had seen many things over the millennia. He had seen unbelievable cruelty, and miraculous compassion. However, nothing had ever shaken him as much as the sight of Barsch, wielding that screaming sword, cut down beast after beast without hesitation. He could still see the mad smile he had worn, as their blood washed over him. In sending him to confront the madman, had they created a new one? The thought was too horrible to bear.
“I trust him. And so should you. He's managed to contain the violence so far, so I want to believe that he will hold it in until the end,” said Ion, staring off into the distance. Out there, somewhere, was their last hope. 
“And afterwards? If he loses to it then?”
“Then we will grant him mercy... and deliver him unto his mother.” There was no anger in her words, only compassion. Terra knew that she would feel no guilt afterwards… she truly would believe that she was acting out of mercy. 
Ion's words had a sense of finality, so Terra reformed the rock spire and began his chant once more, while his sister vanished in a flurry of cooling rain.
*
In yet another time and place, though one that was arguably more familiar, a boy was trying to open his eyes. The boy was lying in a pool of dirty water, which had been dumped there by an overhead pipe. The boy could hear the sound of flowing water, which meant that he was still close to the Waterworks. 
Once again, Barsch tried to open his eyes. It felt as though his eyelids had been turned to stone, with the way they refused to budge. Having decided to forgo his eyes, Barsch tried to move his arm. It too, felt heavy, but little by little, he was able to move it. Stretching out his fingers, he lifted his hand up, feeling his surroundings. His body told him that the water had soaked through his new clothes, and his nose spoke of bleach and other noxious chemicals. 
His searching hand finally found something, a hard metal tube with strange notches on each side. Moving his hand up, he felt the tube bulge outwards, before thinning to a fine point. The thin section was covered by an undulating set of hook shaped projections, which tugged at his fingers as they glided over the strange object. 
Something about the shape sparked something in his mind, but it was only a vague sense of nostalgia, and it quickly passed. Moving on from the object, Barsch brought his hand to his face. “What... what happened? We were in the Waterworks, and then the box spoke... Guardian? Something about a gas... Nero? Nervo? Neuro! That's it... and then, there was that river... with the glass covering it... something was wrong, so I stepped in and I... what did I do? Something about a sword... and a wolf... Lanista! And then... it was cold, and I was drowning...and then... nothingness...”
“Ugh... I am never going near another river for as long as I live...” This time, Barsch managed to open his eyes, though what he saw was still hidden behind a blurry filter. Using his working hand, he managed to prop himself up, while he waited for his eyes to adjust to the gloom. A single bulb gave what little light it could. Barsch slowly turned his head, scanning the room for his missing companions. The large shape in the corner could only be Maloch, and the small figure by the door must have been Alza. 
“Kingston? Are you okay?” A muffled thump drew Barsch's attention to the large shape. It was followed by a muted curse, and then a grunt of effort. In an instant, Maloch slumped forward, as Kingston disentangled himself from the re-mech's limbs. The old man had a bruise on his temple, and his eyes were unfocused, but from what Barsch could see, he was okay. The old hermit sat up with a sigh, as his wizened eyes began to take in their new surroundings. 
After his eyes had finished adjusting, Kingston spoke, “I'm okay m'boy, a little banged up, but okay. How about you? Is everything still where it's supposed to be?”
Hearing the old man's voice, Barsch let out a sigh of relief, before wincing in pain at the action. With his free hand, he felt his chest. Raising up his new shirt, he cringed when he saw the multitudes of bruises dotting his flesh. His ribs did not feel cracked, but there had definitely been some damage done. Silently apologizing to his body for all the trauma it had recently suffered, he replied, “I'm fine. A few bruises, but nothing serious. Um... where are we?”
The hermit had used the silent Maloch as a handhold, and was now limping over to where Barsch still lay. “Judging from the smell, it looks like the sewerage treatment plant. That pipe must have brought us from the river,” he said, pointing to the large opening overhead. “I suppose it could have been worse, we could have been deposited in the incinerator...” Although his tone was light, Kingston's face spoke of a very real fear.
Bending down with a groan and a click of his back, he helped Barsch to stand. Together, they surveyed the situation. It was, as Kingston had pointed out, not all bad. The room was roughly rectangular in shape, with a small service door on the far side and overflow drains running through the floor. The ceiling was high, with the sluice pipe a good seven feet above the concrete covered ground. 
“We should check on the others,” said Barsch, moving towards Alza. 
“Yeah...” 
Kingston didn't have to say it, but Barsch knew that the old man would rather check on Maloch than Alza. Even after weeks of being together, the former-recluse still felt uneasy around her. Barsch didn't understand it, but he knew better than to press the issue. To him, everyone had a reason for the things they did, and more often than not, those reasons were private.
Forcing such thoughts out of his mind, Barsch went to Alza, who had still not awoken. Kneeling beside her, Barsch took a moment to study her peaceful face. From the moment he had first laid eyes on her, he had thought that she was special. Barsch had gotten to know many different girls due to his constant relocations, but none of them had had what Alza had. 
If Barsch had been asked to describe it, he would have spoken of her glow, the ways light seemed to embrace her body, and frame her doll-like face. Add in an otherworldly aura and a sense of maturity that was unmatched by any other, and Alza became a unique entity, which could be both captivating and cold at the same time. 
Reaching down, he brushed aside an errant strand of snow-white hair, another reminder of how different she was. Carefully, he rolled her onto her back, wincing as he saw the large cut that had marred her pale cheek. As he watched, a solitary violet spark arose from her temple, and arced towards the laceration. When it touched the rend, it flashed once before sinking into the wound. Before his eyes, Barsch watched as the cut faded away into nothingness, a small patch of reddened skin the only reminder of its brief existence. 
“Alza, what are you?” Out-loud, he said, “Alza, can you hear me?”
Nothing, and then, almost too soft to hear, “I'm sorry... Father... Please don't hurt me any-more...”
Before Barsch had time to react, Alza's violet eyes snapped open. 
“What?” she said pointedly.
It was then that Barsch realised how close he had been to her face, and he quickly stood up in embarrassment. “Um... you weren't waking up, so I...”
“I am fine. I do not need any assistance.” 
“And we’re back to the cold tone, figures.”
“I see... sorry,” was his meek reply. It was strange, as he had never had problems speaking to girls in the past. In fact, he and Yumiere used to spend hours talking about anything that popped into their heads. And yet here he was, stammering and stuttering like a fool.
Barsch turned to leave, but something she had said made him turn back. “Alza, who is Father?”
If the name surprised her, she did not show it. However, to Barsch at least, the room seemed to have suddenly gotten several degrees colder. When Alza answered, there was no malice or spite in her voice, but to Barsch, she sounded angry. “I do not know. Where did you hear that name?” 
“Oh, um, never-mind... I must have been confused... sorry...” he said, silently cursing himself for his cowardice.
Leaving Alza, Barsch crossed the room, arriving at Kingston's side just as he was completing Maloch's diagnosis. The old hermit looked weary as he looked up and said, “Maloch is okay, he just needs a reboot. How's... how is She?”
“Alza will be fine, but...”
“But?”
Barsch leant in closer, so that his words would not escape. “It feels like she's regressed a bit, you know? When we were fighting that wolf, before my... accident, it felt like she was a lot more open. And now, it's like she's returned to how she was when I first met her.”
Although Kingston would rather not have said anything, he could see the worry in Barsch's eyes. So, in his best adult voice, he said, “Barsch m'boy, sometimes, women change... um, what I mean is, Alza is probably just a bit stressed right now, so I'm sure that she'll be back to her old... new self soon. Trust me, I know about these things!”
For the second time, Barsch felt an urge to ask a question that he knew would be received badly. “Kingston, did you... do you have a family?”
For a moment, Barsch thought that the old man would shout at him, or berate his lack of sensitivity, but instead, he just looked sad. For a while, neither of them said anything, as Barsch's tactless question hung in the air, unanswered. Then, just when Barsch was about to leave, the hermit spoke.
“I, I did have a family once, long, long ago. They were the most precious things I had, and I lost them...”
Once more, Barsch got the feeling that he shouldn't probe any further, that he might not like what the old man had to say, but regardless, he had to know.
“How?”
“When I was a young, foolish man, I told myself that I was strong enough, and smart enough to protect them. But, you see, I wasn't strong. I wasn't smart. I was a vain, selfish fool, who did not deserve all of the happiness they brought me. I lost my wife and son to my own ignorance... I lost them because I was too weak, too weak to be there for them... I swore that day, the day I lost them, that I would never fail again. Whenever somebody needed me, I would be there, and I would do whatever it took to keep them safe... and that is why, Barsch m'boy, I will never let anything happen to you...”
“I'm sorry, Kingston I had no idea... I-” What could he say? I’m sorry you’ve spent the last few decades alone and unloved? I’m sorry that I let you treat me as the son you lost? I’m sorry I can’t become your son, no matter how much you want me to?
“Don't worry about it. You needed to find out why I’m like this, before I...”
“Kingston...” He wanted to comfort him, to tell him that his new family would never desert him, but how could he? After their task was complete, they would most likely go their separate ways. Kingston would be alone again, and all the more hurt because he had been able to briefly remember what he had lost. 
“Now, enough of this depressing talk. How about we see if we can't bring Maloch back to the world of the living!” Kingston’s words were heavily laden with forced joviality, but at that point Barsch would have agreed to anything if it helped end the conversation. There were no easy answers for Kingston, although he would not stop searching for one.
Before Barsch could say anything, Kingston reached down and tapped the back of the re-mech's neck. Almost immediately, a section of his armour slid away into a recessed groove, exposing a small monitor and a few bundles of wire. With lightning-fast speed, Kingston began typing commands into the display, which glowed green when they were approved. 
Minutes later, the old man sat back, the monitor now a solid wall of glowing green words. A moment later, the screen flashed once, and the commands disappeared, only to be replaced by a symbol. The symbol was the logo of the Second U.N.O.E council, a golden hand clutching a blue and green globe, under which was written, “FOR THE SAKE OF A BETTER FUTURE.” 
Meanwhile, Maloch's lifeless body had begun rebooting. In a monotonous voice, he said, “H-1-25-D-5-N.9-S.A-W-5-19-15-M-5… Reboot code confirmed. Attempting to restore revitalization mechatron number 76654-B, model type ARK-13, to full capacity. Initiating boot sequence: Type-3. Activating internal diagnostic programs... activation complete. Processing... processing... diagnostic complete. Error. Data log corrupted. Restoring to earlier version... complete. Hull integrity: sixty-eight percent. Core strength: sixty-one percent. Tools: R. Hand and L. Hand functional. Error. Data found for C. Chest Particle Cannon, but weapon structure is non-existent. Error. Multiple masked programs detected. Scanning contents. Error. Programs are protected by Level Ten Security. Accessing program list: Undying Soldier; Overclock; Stormlink; Pulse Wave; Gravity King. Error. Program list incomplete. Bypassing anomaly. Warning, damage to Emotion Engine detected. Bypass detected. Verifying... verified. Bypass acknowledged. Analysing remaining sub-systems...no further anomalies detected. Disabling R.E.M hold pattern. Enabling awareness modifiers in three, two, one.”
With the speed of an iceberg melting, Maloch awoke. “Normal functions restored,” were his first words, which were quickly followed by, “Ah! Kingston, Barsch, it is good to see you again. How are you?”
“We're all fine, Maloch. Now, I'm sorry to ask this of you so suddenly, but can you find out where we are?”
The re-mech quickly got to his feet, a light coating off dust being dislodged in the process. After giving the room a quick once-over, he said, “It would appear that we have landed in the Waterworks run-off chamber. I am sorry to say that the river took us quite a bit further than I had intended. Our original route would have led us to the caverns in a matter of hours, but I'm afraid that the estimated time of arrival is now anyone's guess. In addition, the schematics I stole from Guardian were mostly of the core systems, including the sub-systems that we would have travelled through.”
“So we have no idea how long it will take us to reach the exit? And we don't even know the layout of the facilities on the way?” Alza had managed to reach them without making a single sound, and her sudden presence beside Barsch almost made him fall over in surprise.
“Yes. I am sorry, I did not anticipate Guardian flooding the room with the NEURO-997 gas so quickly. I am also sorry to say that he will be much more of a threat down here.”
Barsch looked up at the re-mech, confusion plastered across his boyish face. “How can he be a greater threat down here? Wouldn't it be the opposite, since his mainframe is further away?”
“It's true that his physical core might be further, but that only affects his response time. The true danger comes from him being allowed to use force. Without having to worry about accidentally harming the humans in cryogenic storage, he will be able to use much more brutal means to get to us. Additionally, we are effectively blind down here, while he knows this Station inside and out. He could lead us into a trap by forcing our path. From here on, until we reach the edge of the Station, we should be on full alert. If anything, even the smallest detail, seems strange, retreat immediately.”
It was Kingston's turn to say something, “That may be true, but I think it will take some time for Guardian to find us. Don't forget, he may be a Station A.I., but he still has weaknesses. For now, we should find somewhere safe to rest. All of us are tired, and we will be more able to deal with Guardian's traps with a good night's sleep.”
Barsch could not help but agree with Kingston's advice. Ever since he had been released from his pod, he had felt drained. Factoring in their recent troubles, and the effects of the paralysing gas, it was obvious that they needed rest more than anything. 
“Now that we're all up, why don't we find a way out of this dreary room?”
“Very well.” Alza had already moved to the only door in the room, and had begun tugging on the handle. While Maloch went to help her, Kingston and Barsch gathered up their things. When Barsch came to where he had lain, he saw something that made him stop. It was Lanista, lying in the same pool of water that he had recently occupied. In the half-light of the room, it seemed to gleam with malicious intent. 
Barsch thought that it was the most evil thing he had ever seen, and seriously began to consider leaving it where it lay. He knew that it was useful, and that it had saved his life more than once, but every-time he held it, he felt as though he was losing a part of himself to the Beast. When it roared, he could not help but roar with it. It gave him strength, enough strength to protect everyone, but at the same time, it made him feel weaker than a bug. He hated what it did to him, hated how much he loved the blood-lust, the carnage it craved.
“Barsch?” Kingston was standing nearby, concern clouding his elderly features.
It was only then that Barsch realised what he had been doing. He had been standing over the blade, hands tightened into fists, wearing a look of absolute hatred. Quickly, he unclenched his fingers, and forced his face to adopt a more natural look. “Kingston... what should I do? You said that I would learn to control it... but, every-time I pick it up, I... I lose myself...”
Kingston stepped closer, placing his arm around Barsch's hunched shoulders. It was a sign of compassion, but to Barsch, it felt more like pity. “M'boy, what I said back there, I'll say again. You are strong, strong enough to destroy anything that opposes you, but strength is not everything. Sometimes, in order to become stronger, in order to gain control, we must become weak.” Barsch's confused gaze told him that his words weren't having the desired effect, so Kingston tried again. 
“When I was first sent to the army, I was like you. I was young, and very sure of my abilities. On my first day of training, my drill sergeant handed me a rifle, and told me to shoot at a target. Although I had never held a weapon before, I was confident in my ability to adapt, so I did as he said. When I held the gun, I was stiff, upright, and to be honest, in the mood to show off. My first shot was off-target by six feet, and the recoil from the discharge almost dislocated my shoulder.”
“Kingston, I don't...”
“Wait, I'm getting to the important part. So, there I was, sitting at one end of the firing range, clutching my shoulder, when my drill sergeant walked up to me. At first I thought that he would shout at me, or ridicule me for my poor aim, but he merely leant down, and took the rifle from my hands. Without saying a word, he stood up, and brought the gun up. And then he said to me, 'Let the gun become an extension of your arm. Do not force the shot, let it come naturally. When you fight it for dominance, it will always win, but if you work together, you can achieve great things.' With his eyes still on me, he fired, and to this day, I still remember the look on his face: he was calm. That bullet hit dead centre, and from that day onwards, I never forgot his words.”
“Um, Kingston, I still don't understand what that has to do with my problem?”
“Ah! The youth of today... well, what I think your problem is... you keep trying to fight your violence, right? But it's a part of you; it's something that you will never be able to defeat on your own, because your strength is its strength.” 
Kingston leant down, and, with a bit of effort, lifted Lanista into the air. “So, instead of fighting it, compromise. Work together, and you'll find that controlling it becomes a much easier task. Do you understand?”
With a small pause, Barsch took his chainsword from the old man's outstretched hand, while he said, “I think so... thank you Kingston... I'll try to do it your way.”
“I'm glad. Now, let's get out of here.”
Side by side, they walked to the door, which Maloch had succeeded in opening. Alza was already on the other side, checking for any traps that might have been left by Guardian. Once she was sure that there were none, they proceeded to exit the room. They immediately found themselves in the middle of a dimly-lit corridor, which was just high enough for Maloch to stand without slouching. It was reminiscent of the path they had taken to reach the underground hangar, all that time ago in Carçus city. 
In a very off-handed tone, Alza asked, “So, which way do we go?” 
“Maloch?” said Kingston, looking to the knowledgeable re-mech for advice.
Maloch stepped forward, glancing down each end of the corridor, as if he could somehow see their final destinations. After a short silence, he said “I am not one-hundred percent sure, but I believe the cavern entrance lies to the west. Using my internal compass... we should most probably go this way.” 
*
Trusting Maloch's judgement, the group headed down the west-facing path. As they walked, Barsch allowed himself to fall to the back, ending up beside Alza. Although he had never seen her display her emotions, he sensed that something was bothering her. 
Mentally searching for a topic with which he could approach her, he eventually settled on,  “Um, Alza? This might be a little bit late, but... thank you for your advice back there, in the Waterworks.” 
She looked at him as he spoke, a look that could have meant anything at all. A minute passed, before she replied, “Advice? Think of it what you will, but I was merely ensuring my own survival. If you had not helped the old man and the re-mech, we would be still there, at the mercy of this Station's A.I.”
“But... even if that is the truth, you still helped me. I think... that the you I met in the glade, wouldn't have done the same.” 
Alza did not stop, but her walking pace slowed to a crawl, allowing a sizeable distance to form between her and Kingston. “Why do you think that? I am the same person I was back then. I have not changed since you found me.” 
“No, I think you have... when we were in Kingston's hut, you were cold... colder... towards us. Since then, to me at least, I think you have begun to open up a little. I know that you might not see it, but I think that you know I’m right.” 
Alza did not respond for several heart pounding seconds. Barsch wondered if he had gone too far. If he had said too much.
Eventually, she said, “You are... mistaken. Everything I have done since I have met you, has been in the interest of my own self-preservation. I travelled with you, because it was safer than travelling alone. I fought alongside you, because you would have fallen without me. I assisted you, because it suited my personal goals. That is all.” 
“But... Then why are you still with us? I know how strong you are, so I don't think you need us in order to be safe. Kingston and Maloch are also strong, stronger than when we met, so I don't think your absence will put us in danger if we have to fight again. And as for your goals, whatever they are, I don't know if you can achieve them if you stay with us.” 
For the first time since meeting her, Alza looked lost for words. The silence lasted far longer than it should have, and Barsch was considering leaving when she said, “My goal... is to find out who, and what I am. I have an entire past that I know almost nothing about, and that... is not a nice feeling. From the moment I awoke in Kingston's room, I have been searching for answers. Why am I here? What is my purpose? Where did I come from? And when I met you, it felt like those things did not matter as much as they should have. I stopped thinking about where I had come from, and started thinking about where I was going. You called me cold, but I think, that I'm just... empty. So, until I find out more about myself, I will stay with you, and with the old- with Kingston, and with Maloch.” 
Barsch walked in silence, Alza's words still swirling around in his mind. He still did not know what she truly thought of him, but for that moment in time, it was enough.
“Barsch, Alza, we've found something,” called Kingston suddenly from up ahead. Barsch was glad for the interruption. His heart couldn’t take much more.   
Quickening their pace, the duo quickly caught up with Kingston and Maloch, who were standing next to a door marked, “STORAGE ROOM C2”. When Barsch and Alza arrived, they cautiously pried it open, ready to react at a moment’s notice. However, nothing came flying out at them, and no alarms began their shrill whining; so they proceeded inside. It was obviously one of the less-used rooms in the Station, evident from the thick layer of dust that made a grey, fluffy blanket for the mountain of boxes inside. They were labelled such things as, “PROCESSED MEAT” and “REFURBISHED WATER”. 
“What do you think?” asked Kingston.
“It'll do,” replied Alza, all traces of her recent change in attitude gone.
Closing the thick bulkhead-like door behind him, Barsch entered the room, noting that it was just big enough for all of them to sit comfortably. Moving aside some of the boxes, they began to divide up the room. After bedding had been acquired –from boxes labelled as such-and laid down, the four unlikely allies gathered around the unopened boxes.
Kingston was the first to tear open a box, his reason being, “It's not like they'll be needing it any-time soon.” Inside, he found several bottles of an amber coloured liquid. Squinting to see the printed labels, he read, “Orange Fizz, fizz up your life! Well, it looks drinkable, here.” After distributing the bottles equally, he tore into the second box, which bore the label, “VACUUM-SEALED BEEF”.
“Now we're getting somewhere! I haven't seen real beef in decades!” What came out of the box did not look like beef, or even meat for that matter, but Kingston assured Barsch of its viability. After going through a few more boxes, they gathered up the food and ate. It was a meal that would have been seen as a light snack before the Great Sleep began, but to the hungry, weary party, it was a feast. 
After they had eaten, it was decided that Maloch would take the first watch, with Barsch relieving him after two hours. Mere minutes after the order was decided, the mostly human occupants of the room were asleep, leaving Maloch alone with his thoughts.
*
The emptiness of this place always amazes me. Before the multi-coloured orbs appear, with their beautiful radiance, this place is devoid of light. The void calls to me, it calls to my soul. 
It tells me, “This is the world. This is existence. We are born from the void, and we will return to it, when our time comes. Life means nothing to the void. Hope, fears, anger, sorrow, pain, rage... everything is swallowed by the infinite, endless void. Before the first stars dared to shine, the void was there... and when the last wink out in silence, the void will be there also. Oblivion comes to all, and in the end, everything is returned to the void. In the end, it matters not what you did in life, the only thing that matters... is what you do next... The void is the beginning, and the end, but nothing lasts forever, not even eternity...” 
The void tells me these things, and I feel despair. I curse the gods who made this unfair reality... and I curse myself for being powerless to change it. But then, when it feels as though my life in meaningless, the spheres appear. Like stars in the sky, they burn with an uncontested intensity, bathing my soul in light and warmth. The void is chased away by the light, burned away by its unending power. 
Letting the void go is always hard... much harder than it should be. Each time it goes, a small piece of my soul goes with it. Stepping forward, I let a green-blue sphere form around me. The dreamsphere expands, enveloping my cold body. The aqua coloured orb brings warmth, and peace. Letting all thoughts of the void, of the sea of spheres, fade, I close my eyes. 
And awaken in the glade. I have been here so many times, seen this image over and over, leaving it imprinted in my mind. I know every leaf, every blade of grass, as if they were a part of my own body, so I know immediately that something is wrong. She is missing. The Girl with Violet Eyes is missing. In her place, at the centre of the glade, stands a man.
I know him, yet he is a stranger to me. He stands confidently, back turned towards me, as if he does not even care that I am here. His hair is white, but not a gentle, ivory like Hers, but a harsh, sanitized white. He is slightly shorter than me, but his chest is wider, his back broader. I have seen him many times before, and in all those times, I have never seen him show me an ounce of kindness. I can almost feel it emanating from him... darkness. 
The irony of his white podsuit, with its angelic aura, is not lost on me. On anyone else, such garments would be seen as vanity, but I know, that he wears them because he is an angel... an angel of death.
I take a step forward, the anger already rising in my chest. How dare he defile this place! This sacred place. He is corrupting it, with his fake presence! He turns. He has finally noticed me. I can already tell that he sees me as a pest... a bug that has overstepped its bounds. Still, the rage in my heart builds, but something else has begun to fester: fear.
I can sense it, even in a dream, he is far stronger than me. Power radiates from him like the rays of light from a star, but he is no star. He is darkness given flesh. He has now turned to face me, staring at me with those horrifying crimson eyes. He is like Her, but twisted, made impure. Wherever She is good, he is bad. Her apathetic eyes, which hide so much pain and uncertainty, could not be more different from his cold, merciless gaze. Where she pretends not to care, he shows open disgust. 
I hate him.
I hate everything about him. I do not even know his name, but I despise him. 
He stands for everything that She is not, and I know, that he can't stand it. “It is such a pity, don't you think?” Even his voice irks me. It's too perfect, too practised. He speaks as if he learnt how to speak from a machine. 
“You are so weak... so powerless... and yet... still she stays with you!” The detested man with crimson eyes still has not moved. Above him, the sky has become blood red.
“Wait... I understand now! She is a defect, and so are you! Such a sweet tale, don't you think? Two little failures, travelling together, protecting each other, loving each other! Is that what you want? But that will never happen. She will never, love you... she doesn't know how, you see. She is a failure, and she will die a failure.”
I want to speak, I want to tell him that he is wrong, but the rage and fear in my heart have begun fighting, and it takes all of my strength just to keep them at bay. “Are you confused, human? Have you asked why I can talk to you like this? We are connected, didn't you know? One bond of blood, one of desperation, together they bind us for eternity!” 
At last, the chaos in my chest has quietened, giving me a chance to speak. I open my mouth, and let out a long, guttural howl. Taking a step with my left paw, I begin to growl. My mane is ruffled by an unseen gust, which carries the fragrant scent of moonflowers, my mother's favourites. 
I turn my head, searching for them. They litter the glade, their snow-white petals opening to the light of the newly risen moon.
“What is going on? Where did you go!” The man with crimson eyes smells confused. I can sense his unease, and I revel in the feeling. I have become the Beast, and it has made me strong. Another step forward, and he takes a step back. He is afraid of me, of what I have become. 
I feel the roar now, the cry for carnage that has always lain dormant in my mind. Another step forward, and another back. He has almost reached the edge of the glade. I howl once more, letting him hear the blood-lust in my voice. 
I raise my hand, palm upwards. Drawn to the violence, Lanista manifests in my open hand. He is almost gone, but I will send a message, so that next time, he will not be so brave. I dive for his throat, my steel teeth aching to taste his blood, while the blade in my hand screams for flesh. He flees, cursing my name with every step. 
Once more I am alone. Once more, I can feel the void closing in. It Is there, at every beginning, and at every end. However, I know now, that no matter how powerful the void is, no matter how vast its scope, in the end, it is only emptiness. And emptiness will never defeat the Beast...
*
Barsch awoke, feeling worse than he had ever felt before. His body ached, as if he just run a hundred miles in a single night. Sweat coated every bit of exposed flesh, while goose bumps covered the rest. He could still remember the dream, in perfect detail. Always, the dream faded immediately after he woke, and only bits and pieces would be left behind, but this was different. He could remember floating in the void, watching the sphere's materialize... and the glade. 
Barsch tried to stand, but the image of the man with crimson eyes weighed him down. He could still feel remnants of the hatred he had felt, and it made him want to scream. Finally, the dream started to fade, slowly at first, but becoming quicker by the second. The void, the spheres, the man, everything became a vague, indistinct memory, but there was one thing that remained. Barsch glanced down at his trembling hands, expecting to see them turn into paws before his eyes. He ran his fingers through his midnight-black hair, praying that it had not become a long, shaggy mane. He had been the Beast, and it had been him, united in their shared hatred of the man with crimson eyes.
Trying to dispel the memory of becoming the Beast, Barsch turned to his side. Although there was no way to tell exactly how long he had been asleep for, he estimated that it had been at least two hours. Wiping the sleep from his eyes, he managed to crawl out of his sweat-soaked bedding. Standing up, he surveyed the room, looking for anything that might suggest danger. Finding no abnormalities, he tip-toed over to where Alza slept. He was mindful of waking her or Kingston, who had taken up a space at the opposite end of the room. Leaning down, he studied her sleeping face. It was an errant feeling which had led him to her, a feeling that he had to make sure she was still there. From the dredges of his memory, he recalled something.
“One bond of blood, one of desperation, together they bind us for eternity...” Barsch could not recall who had said it, but it sounded as if it was about something important. Leaving Alza's side, Barsch crept over to Maloch.
“Maloch? I think it's time,” he said, softly.
The re-mech's answer was immediate. “It has been one hour and fifty-six minutes since you fell asleep, but I believe that I should overlook that in this case. Thank you Barsch, this will be a good opportunity to charge my battery core.” Quieter than would have been thought possible, the re-mech stood up, and silently moved to the other side of the room. Barsch dropped down, taking Maloch's place by the door. From there, he was able to quietly observe both Kingston and Alza, noting that the old man seemed to be in the middle of a nightmare. Straining his ears, Barsch could barely make out, “I'm sorry, I'm so very sorry.... please, don't make him suffer because of me...” It sounded personal, so Barsch leant back and did his best to block out the old man's voice.
Meanwhile, a few feet away, Alza was having a most unusual dream...
*
For the first time, I see light instead of darkness. The void is gone, taking the spheres of what could be with it. No dreams assault my mind, no nightmares attack my body. In this place, this world of light, I am at peace. The light begins to solidify, forming a scene from my memories. First, a field of sweet-scented green grass, which stretches beyond the horizon. Next, a massive oak bursts from the soft earth. I watch as the world is made from the light. 
Overhead, a clear-blue sky. To my left, a sparkling, pure lake. To my right, an unending swath of emerald covers the rich soil. Behind me, a large manor is rising from the dust. It's spotless, painted white façade tells of a beloved home. It's wide double doors stand open, ready to welcome anyone into the spacious interior. From within the house, I hear sounds of merriment. The sense of peace draws me inside, to the house filled with laughter.
“Hello?” I call out, but there is no answer. Stepping further into the jubilant home, I enter a room that could only be the dining room. For the first time, since the dream began, I feel hesitant. This is too pure, too good for me. My life is one of uncertainty and pain... peace and happiness do not belong in my heart. Whoever is showing me these things... do they know that they are tormenting me? Mocking me by showing me something I will never have.
“That's not it.” I turn, searching for the voice. She is there, sitting quietly in the shadows, her amber eyes glowing in the darkness. She steps forward, a sad smile on her pretty face. 
“Who are you?” Standing up, she comes to me, her white dress a stark contrast to her shoulder length, chestnut hair. Her amber eyes bear kindness, but there is sorrow there too, an indescribable sadness that accompanies her movements. She moves like a widow in mourning, but she is too young to have already married and lost. 
“I look like a widow? Now that's not very nice.” The confusion must have been plain of my face, for she continued with, “Don't worry, I can't read your mind. But I do know how you think, so it's easy to guess what you thought. Ah! I haven't given you my name yet, Alza.”
How does she know my- 
“Name? I heard that cute boy calling you earlier. You should be nicer to him, you know? After everything he's done for you, the least you could do is show him a smile or something.” 
I don't know how to smile.
“Ah, well that could be problematic. Anyway, we're getting off topic... ah, yes, my name is... what was my name again? Hmm, it seems that you haven't remembered it yet, so for now, let's just go with Amber. Yes, that has a nice ring to it.”
Once again, she moves closer, now within arm’s reach. She is so friendly, so trusting... I can see it in her eyes, which are almost golden in the light. She raises her hand, and I prepare to fight. Even in my dreams, the power that lies within me exists, so I should be able to summon it here. 
Clearing my mind, I try to picture the energy, the vibrant flame that lives in my soul. I allow the flame to wash over me, warming me with its radiance. It overflows, a great flood of power that cannot be contained. I have to let it out! But it does not come. It lies there, in the shadow of my heart, unmoving. 
“Alza... I won't hurt you... I will never hurt you. We are bonded by blood... our fates are entwined, in a way that even I do not fully understand.” Once again, she raises her hand, and I allow her to bring it close. With soft fingers, she caresses my face, while her eyes wander up to my ivory hair. “I wish it could have been me... If things had been different... If I had been the one chosen... would I still be able to see the sky? No, it's pointless to think about what could have been.” 
Reaching down, Amber takes my hand, clasping it tightly in hers. The sorrow in her eyes is still there, but it looks slightly more bearable. Pulling me along, she leads me outside. Once we are standing in the open air, she turns to me. For the first time since this dream began, she looks distraught. It feels as though tears might start trickling down her face at any moment, and I am at a loss as to what I should do. 
“This is the end of our time together... but, I will see you again. Remember, we share an unbreakable bond... I hope, the next time we meet, you will call me by my real name. Until then, Alza, don't let go of Him.” 
I want to ask her what she means, but she vanishes in a flash of light before I can form the words. With Amber gone, the world starts to collapse. The lake; the fields of grass; the welcoming manor-house; all are quickly consumed by the light. Soon, I am alone, surrounded by the warm, embracing light once more...
*
Alza awoke, feeling better than she ever had before. Her body felt light, as if she had just awoken from a decade long nap. Even though the dream was already fading, the sense of peace remained. The name of the strange girl still shone in her mind, “Amber.” Even if the name had been fake, her words had been real. “If she is someone from my past... then I have to find out more about her. If I know her, then she might know who I am... and if I have a family.” 
Deciding that she would not discover anything more about Amber by lying around, Alza got to her feet. For a brief moment, she stared at the occupants of the room. Kingston was fast asleep in his bedding, but he looked anything but peaceful. His old eyes were shut tight, and his hands were clenched into fists. Creeping closer, she heard him mutter, “My son... my precious son... forgive me... please forgive me...” Ignoring his meaningless words, Alza turned and headed towards the door. 
Along the way, she passed by Maloch, who was sitting rigidly by the wall. His yellow eyes were dim, and his body motionless. A heartbeat later, she came to Barsch. Although he had been charged with their safety, his eyes were closed, and his breathing indicated sleep. He looked tired, as if he had not slept at all. Amber had called him 'cute', but Alza could just not see it.
“Wake up.” No response.
“Barsch, it's time to change shifts.” But the sleeping teenager refused to awaken. Alza was stumped. Anything louder might wake the others. Finally, she made up her mind. Taking a seat near the sleeping Barsch, she began her silent watch. 
Two hours later, Kingston awoke to find them both sleeping. Alza's head had slid down to Barsch's shoulder, and had decided to stay there. He decided not to disturb their rare moment of synchronicity, and instead found a sturdy seat atop a box and waited for dawn. 
“Barsch, Alza... to be so young, and have to endure so much. They should not be here, not like this. If things had been different, if we had not polluted our planet to this extent, would they have been able to live normal lives? No, their childhood is not yet over. There is still time to fix this, to give them a place where they can act like normal children. If I can do that, if I can give them a peaceful future, I’ll do anything...”
Another two hours passed. With no rising sun to herald the coming day, the group were forced to make do with Maloch waking them on time. As he awoke, Kingston's body began its ancient struggle between his old, worn bones and his iron resolve. His body cried out for another hour's rest, while his mind fought feverishly to get a good start to the day. Twenty years ago, his mind would have won with little difficulty, but old age and weary muscles were making that extra nap-time sound more and more favourable. With a grunt of exertion and a muted curse, Kingston managed to stand. 
As he stood, Kingston heard a soft squeal from the direction of the door. Turning to the exit, he was just in time to catch the joint look of happiness and horror fly across Barsch's face. The boy had awoken with his face mere inches away from Alza's, who was strangely still asleep. Kingston watched as the look of happiness fought the terror, until finally, a truce was made. Keeping his face carefully neutral, Kingston wandered over to the pair, just as Barsch began trying to slip away. Easing his shoulder out from under Alza's sometimes angelic face, he was half-way to freedom when she awoke.
For a moment, Kingston wondered if she would attack Barsch, or at the very least give him a scathing word or two. But, in the first miracle of the day, she did neither. She merely looked at him, then at Kingston, and finally at Barsch again, before rubbing her eyes and saying, “We should get going. Tell the re-mech.”
The look on Barsch's face told Kingston that the boy had been expecting anything but that statement. For a moment, Barsch merely stared at her, mouth agape, before his brain kicked in and told him to stop. Shaking his head in confusion, the youth turned away and strode towards the Maloch. 
After Barsch had left, Kingston said, “Well, that was kind of you.”
Alza, who had been readying her things for departure, turned and said, with a blank look, “Kindness? If you think that what I did was kindness, then you are greatly mistaken. I merely selected the most efficient course of action available to me. Anything else would have been time-consuming, like this conversation.”
After giving her reasons, Alza turned back to packing her things, leaving Kingston to mull over her words. “Time-consuming? True, that could have been her reason, but... it doesn't feel right. I think, that the Alza I talked to in my hut would not have acted like that. It's almost like... something changed in her, in the night... True, Barsch did say that he had noticed a change in her recently, but not to this extent! Well, whatever the reason, as long as she's not a threat to Barsch, I'm fine with it. And if she is… then I’ll use everything in my power to make her wish she wasn’t.”
Ten minutes later, everyone was packed and ready to leave. After making sure that no traps had been laid while they slept, they left the storage room behind and headed down the corridor. Mercifully, they encountered no malignant A.I. or hidden traps, and as such they began to relax a little, with Maloch even stating that his previous assertion of Guardian's plan might have been wrong. An hour passed, with no change in their surroundings, save for the occasional side-corridor or storage room. Like a funeral procession, no one spoke, save for Maloch's re-affirmations of their destination and direction. Eventually, they came to a room, slightly larger than the storage room where they had spent the night. From its grey walls, three more corridors branched off, to the West, East and North. 
The room was bare, except for a steel-bolted table in the centre. Upon it, they discovered a poorly drawn map, which had most likely been left behind by a careless Station engineer. The map, having spent more than two decades out in the open, was not in the best condition, but it was legible. Using his multi-spectrum eyes, along with a processor that would put a super-computer to shame, Maloch decoded the map.
“This map appears to show the main sub-sectors nearby, with highlighted routes on how to get there. If I am correct, then we are currently located west of the central hub room, in a small engineer's nest. If we take the west facing path, we should be able to reach the cavern's entrance. However, this path runs through several sub-stations, many of which will be controlled by Guardian. Although I would normally suggest we take an alternate route, with the limited amount of information available to me, I cannot plot one. Even if we were to take the north or east paths, I cannot be sure that we will reach our destination.”
“I see,” said Kingston, “So we can either take the route directly to the exit, and risk facing Guardian at every turn, or we can hope and pray that one of the other routes will get us there. If that's the case, I think we should go with what we know. If we take the direct route, at least we will know what to expect, and we can prepare for Guardian's traps.”
“So what's the first sub-station on the western route?” asked Barsch, walking around the table.
“The Station's Water Treatment and Purification Plant. Where water is sent to be purified after being used as coolant for the generator.”
“Ah, water treatment you say? I don't think I have to remind everyone of our recent catastrophes involving water.” Barsch had always been good at pattern recognition, and he had already vowed to never cross another bridge in his life. He hoped that he could avoid adding any kind of water to that list.
“It'll be fine, Barsch m'boy! We know Guardian's tricks now, so we'll be ready in case he tries anything. Now, we have our route, so let's not waste any-more time.”
As they were leaving, Barsch whispered to himself, “Fine, but don't say I didn't warn you…” 
*
A short trip through the west passage later, and they made it to the Plant. It was a grandiose place, looking like a cross between a large swimming pool and an oil refinery. Several large pipes ran from the walls to the pool, where hundreds of smaller tubes took the purified water to other parts of the Station. Across the desalination pool, a thin bridge had been suspended, allowing access to the other side of the room, where the exit lay. 
“Great, flowing water and a thin bridge. I really don’t want to go in there…”
“Well, that doesn't look ominous at all.” Barsch's sarcastic comment was ignored, as Kingston and Maloch made their way towards the pool. Alza had chosen to guard the entrance, in case Guardian tried to seal the ways out of the room. 
As Kingston and Maloch approached the thin bridge, the old man asked, “What do you think? Could it be a trap?”
“I am not sure. Guardian has already outsmarted me once, so I would not trust my judgement fully. However, even if it is a trap, we have no other way forward but to cross. We shall just have to prepare for the worst-case scenario.”
“I agree,” then, to Alza and Barsch, “Everyone, we are going to cross, be on your guard!”
After running a final check on the bridge, which was little more than a lengthened steel plank supported on both sides by cables, they began to cross. Alza took the lead, followed by Maloch, as both of their abilities were suited for long-range confrontations, which would be the most likely scenario in the event of an attack. Kingston came third, followed by Barsch, who would guard against any rear attacks.
Despite the seemingly easy task of crossing the thirty-foot bridge, Barsch could not shake the feeling of dread, which had refused to leave since he had first entered the room. They had not had any luck with large bodies of water recently, and he felt that two such occurrences in two days was pushing their luck to the limit. 
“Luck? What luck? Since I've been unfrozen, I've been dragged up mountains, bashed by storms, hurled into the sky, crashed into deserts... Come to think of it, aren't we actually facing a bit too much? I mean, travelling from Genesis Station to Carçus, and then from the desert to here, should have been a pretty easy journey.”
For a while his gaze rested on his companions. A hermit with a soldier’s soul who had years of wisdom to rely on; a re-mech that could stand-in for a small army if he had to; and a teenage girl who could destroy said re-mech with a flick of her wrist. With all three together, their journey should have been a breeze.
 “With the sheer amount of things that we have gone through, it makes me think… What if something or someone is intentionally putting us in dangerous situations? The madman? Don't really know what he's like, so I guess he's a wild-card. Ion and Terra? Maybe, they did seem to think that we weren't prepared enough to face what was coming, but I don't think that they were behind everything... So who? Who else could be doing this to us? And, more importantly, why?”
As it turned out, it was Barsch, stopping for a quick reflection, that saved them all. As he looked up -foot posed to take its first step across the bridge, where the others had just reached the half-way point- the unthinkable happened. With a great creaking and rattling, the pipes leading into the pool exploded, sending thousands of gallons of highly-pressurized water into the small lake. The torrent of water that rushed forth created a massive pressure wave, which transformed the still, calm pool into a violent vortex of pressure and energy. Waves taller than a grown man formed and broke, each one larger than the last. 
As the torrent of water stabilized, the waves finally synchronized, creating a singular, unstoppable wave. Without a moment to prepare, the mega-wave crashed into the exposed bridge, sending its occupants flying through the air. In mid-flight, the wave caught them once more, crushing them under its almighty force. There were no screams of surprise, no howls of pain. In that instant, existence changed: from a world where Kingston, Alza and Maloch were safely on the bridge; to a world where they were not.
Barsch stood there, his eyes still not believing what had just happened. His brain was in a state of shock. Everything felt wrong. It was as if he could simply close his eyes, and everything would be fine when he opened them again. A heartbeat later, it was the voice, the cruel, taunting voice, which shook him from his shock.
“Three out of four... not perfect, but it will do. So, solitary human male, do you want to hear how I did it? Or would you prefer to suffer in silence, until I come down there and finish you off myself? Hmm... That’s strange... I'm picking up five energy signatures? Well, even if there was another one of you hiding somewhere, it won't matter. Soon, you will be taken care of, and I will be able to return to my children... my precious, sleeping children... Anyway, enjoy your remaining time... or not... I don't really care either way.”
As quickly as it came, the voice was gone. Finally freed from his shock, Barsch scrambled over to the pool, where the water was still crashing about. With fear in his eyes, he began to search for any sign of his friends. However, no tell-tale bubbles broke the surface, and no light shined forth from the depths. Since the wave had hit, he could not remember how many seconds it had been. How long could they hold their breath? Taken by surprise, unable to prepare, Barsch could not help but think of the worst-case scenario. Even if Maloch had somehow managed to stay with them, he would never be able to drag both them and his heavy body from the pool's deep floor. Barsch was the only one able to do anything. He was the only one who could save them.
“But how? There's no way I can find them in time, let alone get them back up here. If only I could somehow drain the water, then at least they would be able to breath... but, Maloch is the one who knows about things like this. If I don't do it properly, I could make the situation worse! What can I do? Please! Somebody, anybody, help me!”
In that moment of panic, Barsch remembered Guardian's taunt. “Five energy signatures? Ion? Terra? No, they would not come here just for this, so...”
“SPECTRE! Please, I know you're there! Help me! If I don't save them, then our journey will end here, and the madman will win!”
With a small, anti-climactic pop, Spectre appeared above the pool. It was bright red, with smaller black ribbons of energy orbiting it's gaseous body. It constantly changed size, as if reality could not remember how big it was supposed to be. After a few seconds, it seemed to settle into a range: somewhere between the size of a fist and the size of a small child. It levitated above the water's surface, which was still suffering the after-effects of its recent trauma.
Even though the strange creature had appeared, Barsch was at a loss. He had never before tried to directly converse with the thing that now floated before him, and he was still unsure as to whether or not it could understand him. He could remember Maloch once saying something about how it communicated using size and colour, but Barsch could not remember the re-mech's exact words. Deciding to go for a simple gesture, he first pointed at the turbulent pool, then at himself, and then at Spectre. Holding up three fingers to symbolise his three lost comrades, he proceeded to simulate drowning, all the while hoping that his charade's would somehow get through to the spirit.
Frustratingly, Spectre did not budge an inch, while Kingston and Alza's time continued to tick down. Barsch wanted to shout, to scream at the unresponsive creature, but he knew that doing so would be futile. Instead, he tried his gestures one more time, placing more emphasis on each movement than before. When this too failed, he resorted to re-enacting the scene, with wide, sweeping gestures to imitate the crashing waves and a flailing motion to signify Kingston and Alza's predicament. However, there was no response at all to this new method.
Finally, at wit's end and out of ideas, Barsch resorted to a method that he would not have used unless it was the absolute last possible chance. Closing his eyes, he stretched out his hand, towards Spectre's hovering body. In his mind, he tried to picture the void, slowly filling in the multi-coloured spheres and the dim stars in the back-ground. “This thing, this Spectre, if its connected to the Avatars, then perhaps it can enter my dreams too. If I can return to that place, the world of dreams, then maybe I can communicate with it... This is my last chance, I have to save them!” 
The void was unstable, as if it could sense that it was a fake, a copy of the real thing, but it held. With his mind prepared, Barsch began to reach out, towards the only thing that could save his friends. He did not know how he did it, and he would not have been able to explain if asked, but somehow, he felt Spectre's mind. At first he was shocked by how alien it seemed, a jumble of emotions, impulses and instincts. But, as he probed deeper, into the multi-coloured cloud that was Spectre's sub-conscious, things became clearer. He could tell what the colours meant, and he could see the patterns emerge from the seemingly random colour-changes.
Into the strange yet understandable mind, Barsch projected a single, clear thought, “Help me save them!” As the thought rebounded through Spectre's mind, the chaotic colours began to change. The myriad clouds of red, blue, yellow, and every other colour imaginable began to solidify, into a single, dominant shade. Barsch, still linked to the creature's thoughts, watched in amazement as its mind became golden. Amber light, so bright it was almost blinding, filled his vision, it's warmth spreading into the void, dispelling it.
In an explosion of golden light, the void was banished, along with the dreamspheres. Barsch's eyes snapped open, half-expecting to see Spectre glowing yellow. The other half of him expected to find things exactly as before, his final gamble turning out to be nothing more than a despair-induced hallucination. Thankfully, his more optimistic half turned out to be right, as he gazed in wonder at Spectre's golden form. The gaseous orb had swelled in size and luminosity, forcing Barsch to shield his eyes from its radiance. Slowly, bit by bit, the light faded, leaving behind a very golden Spectre. After shrinking to a smaller size, the spirit took off, towards the other side of the room.
As he ran off after the mysterious creature, Barsch's mind wandered. “How... how did I do that? It was like... I could read his mind... no, it was like I was in his mind, and he was in mine. But all I did was imagine the void! The void, and those spheres that show people's dreams. What is that place? I don't think I've ever heard of  it before, and I'm sure I've never seen it before the Great Sleep. So, it must either be something new, that appeared after I met Alza and Kingston or, it's something hidden, and I've somehow found a way to see it. Either way, I won't be able to find out anything more here. After I rescue everyone, I'll ask Alza or Kingston about it.”
Seconds later, Barsch caught up with the elusive will-o-wisp. It was hovering over a solitary valve, which in turn was connected to a large pipe that was labelled, “EMERGENCY DRAINAGE”. 
“Is this it? Will this save them?” he asked, hoping that Spectre would get the gist of his message. In response, the ever-changing creature swelled to a great size, while turning a bright shade of red. Taking it as an affirmation, Barsch planted his feet and tried to turn the valve. Even though it was coated in a thick layer of rust, his all-out exertion had a noticeable effect. Little by little, the valve began to turn, before picking up speed. 
After the valve reached its end point, Barsch collapsed to the floor, his legs no longer able to support his weight. Behind him, in the finally still pool, something was happening. Slipping Lanista out of its make-shift harness, he stood. The blade, as had been proven before, made a moderately effective crutch. Using a weapon of violence as a walking aid sounded like quite a turn of fate, but Barsch was happy to find a use for it that did not involve bloodshed. With practised steps, he quickly made his way back to the pool, where the something turned out to be the opening of the emergency sluice gates. As they had been designed, they funnelled the water out of the pool at a remarkable speed. 
As the water drained, Barsch was greeted by another strange sight. A violet dome, rising out of the water like a new continent. Inside it's semi-transparent shield, Barsch was overjoyed to see Kingston, Alza and Maloch. Even though their forms were obscured by the barrier, he was sure they were uninjured. As he watched, the barrier dissolved, allowing him an unrestricted view of his friends. Understandably, they all looked battered and weary, but they were alive, and that was all that mattered.
“Alza, Kingston, Maloch, are you okay?”
Alza slumped to her knees, trying to catch her breath. Holding up the barrier for such a long time, under so much pressure, must have been a huge energy drain for her. After she had regained her composure, she looked up, towards the voice which had called her name. Almost twenty feet above her, Barsch was kneeling at the edge of the pool, a wide, relieved grin plastered across his face. Beside him, a luminous ball of gas danced through the air. 
Before she had a chance to speak, Kingston called out, “We're fine m'boy... a little wet, but alive!” Kingston looked at his drying companions, noting Alza's weariness. When the wave had knocked them off the bridge, it had been her quick thinking that had saved them. In a split-second, just before they impacted with the water's surface, she had created a sphere of energy, protecting them from the wave’s concussive force. However, they had been trapped at the bottom of the pool, the sheer pressure of the water slowly cracking Alza's shield. If Barsch had not done whatever it was he did, they most certainly would have perished.
“Barsch, what exactly did you do? How did you drain the water?”
Barsch opened his mouth to answer, ready to explain about Guardian's taunt, and Spectre's appearance, but something made him stop. “If I tell him about how I entered Spectre's mind, he might think that something is wrong with me. I've seen how he looks at Alza, when she uses that weird power of hers. Will he look at me with those same eyes? No, I don't want that...”
“Um... well, you see... all of you were in trouble, so I called out, and Spectre happened to be there, and he somehow knew what I wanted, so he led me to the emergency drainage valve...”
Kingston took a minute to process the boy's words, his old mind still fast enough to pick up on a badly told lie. There were inconsistencies in what Barsch had said, like how he had just happened to be nearby, and how it had understood him so clearly, but he did not say anything. The boy would have had a good reason for keeping the truth from him, and, since no-one was seriously injured, he was willing to let it go.
“I see, well, good job m'boy! Your quick thinking saved us, so, thank you. Now, it looks like there is a ladder leading up to the far side of the pool, so why don't you cross the bridge and meet us on the other side. While Barsch did so, Kingston turned and surveyed the pool floor. It had been a clever trap, overloading the pipes with pressure and creating a miniature tsunami, and it would have worked perfectly, had Barsch been with them when they crossed. “We have to be more careful, Guardian can use every aspect of this Station against us.” After checking on Maloch, they found the ladder and climbed up. 
“Well, that was harrowing,” said Barsch, once they had all reached the exit.
“With any luck, Guardian will think that he got us, and he'll leave us alone,” he said, when his first comment was ignored.
Kingston looked at the ruined, half-flooded room, and said, “That would be perfect, but I don't think it will happen. Guardian is wired into every inch of this place, so I'm sure it's only a matter of time before we trip one of his sensors and alert him to our survival. But, until then, we move with caution.”
With Kingston's wise words hanging over their heads, they left the water treatment plant, and continued down the western route. The corridor was exactly the same as before, but even if anything had changed, everyone was too tired to notice. Maloch took the lead, with Alza behind him and Barsch, Kingston and a pebble-sized Spectre bringing up the rear. It was a quiet journey, as no-one had any energy to waste on talking.
*
After an hour of walking, they reached the next sub-station. Above the entrance was a sign saying, “AUXILIARY POWER MANAGEMENT AND BACK-UP GENERATOR”. Inside, the group found a large, circular room, roughly twenty feet high and fifty feet across. In the centre of the room, a large generator was humming, while numerous cords and wires criss-crossed the floor. Along the opposite wall, a row of monitors had been set up, allowing personnel to directly manage power use and distribution. As the generator was currently not in use, the majority of the monitors were blank.
“Kingston, do you think Guardian could attack us here?” asked Barsch, as he eyed the quiet mound of machinery in the centre of the room.
Kingston also had his eyes on the machine. “I'm not one-hundred percent sure, but I don't think so. Unlike the water treatment plant, which can be easily repaired, sabotaging the generator would be too dangerous for Guardian. If he overloads the mainframe, it could start a chain-reaction, and blow this Station sky-high. I think that he will refrain from doing anything that has a chance of endangering the people in cryostasis. But then again, he did seem pretty desperate to get rid of us, so that might cloud his judgement…”
With nothing else to do but press forward, the group left the quietude of the generator room. The corridor leading off from the room was wider than the one they had come from, allowing them to walk two-abreast. As they walked, Barsch slowly sidled over to Kingston, while Alza and Maloch scouted ahead.
“Um, Kingston?” was his hesitant query.
“Yes m'boy?” was the soft-spoken answer.
“How do I say this... um... Kingston, what do you dream about?” Ever since the incident with Spectre, Barsch had had dreams on his mind. He already knew that Alza shared his ability to wander the dreamscape, but the contents of Kingston’s dreams were a mystery to him.
The old man stumbled, the question taking him by complete surprise. After regaining his balance, he replied, “I dream about many things m'boy, why do you ask?”
“Well, are there any dreams that seem, I don’t know... special? Anything that repeats itself?”
“Special, eh? Hmm... I guess you could say that there is something like that. Most of my dreams, well, the one's I can remember anyway, are about my time in the war.”
“Sorry, I didn't mean...”
“It's okay. The war was a very long time ago, especially for me. And it wasn't all bad. Sure, there are a lot of painful memories, but there are some happy ones too. I was able to see many things, and travel to many places, that I otherwise would never have known. What about you Barsch? What do you dream about?”
It was Barsch's turn to stumble. “What do I dream about? Um, well, sometimes it's about my life before the Great Sleep, and occasionally I dream about the glade where you found me... and sometimes I dream about...”
At that moment, Barsch knew that he could not tell Kingston the truth. He could not tell him about the void filled with dreams, or of meeting Alza in his dreams, or of the man with crimson eyes. Instead, he said, “My mother, and my father, you know... how they're doing and stuff...” 
Barsch had expected the old hermit to ignore his faltering words, but Kingston looked up sharply when Barsch mentioned his parents. For an instant, a mixture of surprise and... what looked like guilt flashed across the old man's face. The next instant, it was gone, replaced by his usual kindly demeanour. 
“I see. When you dream about them, what do they say?”
Barsch had not expected any questions about his dreams, so he had to think quickly. “Um... they say… just things like: I'm worried about you, and I hope you are safe. That kind of thing...”
“I think it is my turn to apologize, for making you speak about such things.”
“No! No, it's okay... I know that my dad is safe, and that I'll see him when he wakes up. And my mom... well, I never really knew her. She died giving birth to me, so... I don't even know what she looks like. I don't know if she was a happy person, what kind of hobbies she had. I know nothing about her, so it doesn't feel as though she was ever... real...”
Kingston stopped and, placing a hand on Barsch's shoulder, said, “Barsch m'boy, I'm sure that she was a wonderful woman, who loved you very much. I'm sure that she cherished every moment of being with you, even at the end. And I know, that someday, you will see her again, and she will be everything you imagined.” Tears had welled up in the old hermit's eyes as he spoke, causing Barsch to look away in embarrassment. It was strange, to have Kingston speak this way about his mother, but in a way, it was comforting.  
After thanking Kingston for his kind words, they began walking again, soon catching up to Maloch and Alza, who were waiting for them at the next sub-station. The sign above the entrance read, “COLD STORAGE”. Beside the airtight door was a small screen, which gave the temperature inside the room, “-10 °C / 14 °F”.
Cautiously, they entered the room. It was another large room, filled with floor-to-ceiling shelves and labelled boxes. Ice coated the walls, which were adorned with multiple vents pumping out freezing-cold air. Barsch watched as his breath materialized in a hazy cloud in front of his face. The last time he had been so cold was when they had been in the ç'aether forest, which brought back unwelcome recollections. Stuffing his hands -which had already begun to turn blue- inside his greatcoat pockets, he followed after the others. Kingston had already made it to the other side of the room, and had double-checked it for any traps.
Once he was confident that Guardian would not surprise them, he called everyone together. “We never know when we are going to get a chance like this again, so we should stock up on supplies here. Once we are in the caverns, we might have to survive off our supplies for quite a while. Everyone understand?” Barsch and Maloch nodded, while Alza gave her usual apathetic stare. “Okay then, let's spread out and look for things to take.”
Following Kingston's suggestion, they split up and began searching through the shelves. Alza took the furthest corner of the room, as was expected. Unexpectedly, Spectre followed her.
Alza began to search the shelves, while Spectre lazily wallowed above her head. The strange creature had turned a bright shade of purple, and had swelled to the size of a closed fist. Sometimes it would drift too close, which would warrant a gentle -yet firm- push from Alza. Whenever this would happen, Spectre would turn bright pink and float away, only to return a few minutes later.
After the third time this happened, Alza gave up on finding supplies, and instead turned to the playful spirit and said, “Now look, what exactly do you want? Ion sent you to help us, right? So help.”
In response, Spectre turned and began to drift towards the back of the room. At first, Alza thought that it was just sulking, but, when it turned back and returned to her, she understood. Leaving her things by the shelves, Alza followed the luminescent ball of living plasma towards the end of the row. 
As they reached the wall, a familiar voice called out, “Hello daughter of science, it has been a while.” From the ice covered wall, a figure began to emerge. The frost beaded together, shifting and crackling, as the form became clearer. From the icy form, features appeared, starting with a set of sparkling, sapphire eyes, which were soon framed by long, dark brown locks. Her cloak appeared next, an eldritch garment of abyssal blue, wrapped in bands of breaking wave white and glacial aquamarine. Moments later, where there had once been a rather uninteresting stretch of ice-covered wall, there now stood a rather beautiful young woman.
“Ion.” There was nothing else that could have been said. 
“You have been busy since we last met. Is what we ask of you really so much? Travel west, stop the madman, save humanity... really now, it's not that complicated.” 
From what she knew of normal emotions, Alza recognized Ion's tone as playful, however, Alza knew that beneath her teasing façade, she was worried. Her eyes betrayed her, telling Alza that the Avatar's were not entirely sure they had chosen correctly. It would be a lie to say that the thought had not crossed Alza's mind, the thought that maybe they could not stop the madman, whoever he was. 
In Alza's view, anyone powerful enough to threaten the entire human race would normally be nigh-impossible to stop, without a great deal more people and resources. It was almost a joke, asking her, Barsch, a hermit and a re-mech to save the world. 
“But, that's not my problem, is it? Once I have what I want... a past... I will be done with them, and they will be free to do whatever they want. I do not have any love for this dying world, but nor do I have any particular hate for it. Whether humanity survives or perishes, it is of no concern to me. I will live on, and find my own path.”
Out loud, Alza said, “The task may have been simple, but the complications are not. With that man... Raigan? Slowing us down, and with nature itself sending us obstacles, this journey has become harder.
Ion stepped forward, a pondering look upon her delicate face. She reminded Alza a bit too much of Amber, which was unnerving in more than one way. 
“I see. Well, I can't promise that your journey will be easier from now on, but I don't think you have to worry about that man for now. He will not interfere directly again, otherwise he… will be punished... However, he is not the man you should be worried about.”
For an instant, an image of Barsch flashed across her mind, causing Alza to step back in surprise. Ion said nothing about her sudden, erratic movement, and continued, “The man with crimson eyes is who I am referring to. Ah, judging by the look on your face, you've met him? Not directly I'm sure, but he has his ways of getting to you. His realm is not just the physical, but the mental as well. If given the chance, he will enter your mind and hollow you out from the inside. If he gets to you, you will be nothing more than a lifeless husk, devoid of thought or emotion.”
The image that sprang to her mind this time was of the young man with crimson eyes, who had attacked her in the desert. His appearances since then had always been in her nightmares -barring his assault in the ç'aether forest- and had always left her feeling drained and uneasy. Even though she did not know his name, he had created an unwelcome reputation for himself. 
“The man with crimson eyes, who is he?”
“A servant of the madman, and a powerful enemy whom you must be wary of. He is dangerous, perhaps more so that the madman, and he is not to be trusted. If you encounter him, run. If he chases you, run faster. He is not an opponent you can beat on your own. But, most importantly, he is not to be allowed to come in contact with Barsch. If, by some unimaginable stroke of bad luck, they do meet, you must do everything in your power to protect him.”
It was the first time Ion had been so forthcoming with information, and Alza was determined not to let it go to waste. “Why can't they meet? Why is Barsch so important? And who is the madman? If you don't tell me, I won't be able to protect anyone, let alone Barsch.” 
However, Ion, her warning delivered, had already begun to fade from sight. As she disappeared, she gave one more piece of advice. “Without Barsch, you will never find your true self. Without you, Barsch will never succeed. The two of you are linked, by bonds far stronger than either of you realise. Remember this, daughter of science!”
And then she was gone, as if she had never existed. No trace was left of their meeting, aside from a strange outline left in the frost covering the wall. From Alza's perspective, it looked like a ball of fire inside a snowflake. Within seconds, a new coating of ice had erased the last remnant of Ion's presence. Alza stood there, ignoring the cold, thinking about Ion's warning. “All I care about is finding out who I am, and if I have to stay with Barsch to do so, then so be it. But, the moment I have what I want, I'll teach these Avatars a thing or two about controlling people.”
Her strange encounter over, Alza returned to the shelves. By the time she returned, it was already time to leave, so she gathered up what she had found and took it to the exit. Judging by Barsch and Kingston's tired expressions, finding supplies had not gone well. As the others talked about how hard it was to find anything of use in a cold storage room, Alza made up her mind. She would keep what Ion had said to herself. If she told Kingston or Barsch, they would undoubtedly want to stay away from the crimson eyed man, and away from the only lead she had.
After everything had been packed and repacked, they left the uneventful -for everyone but Alza- room and headed onwards. 
*
The next three hours passed quickly, as no more sub-stations were encountered. The endless monotony of the corridor walls, combined with the blandness of their surroundings, stifled all attempts at conversation. The silence ruled unopposed, striking down every mournful echo and eerie creak without mercy. The noiseless walk allowed Barsch time to think, which was the last thing he needed given his current mental state. 
“Alza has been acting weird... well, more weird than normal, ever since we left the freezer. I mean, when we first met, she treated me like a piece of furniture, not important enough to even spare more than a few words. And then, along the way, it felt like she was opening up to me a bit... I mean, it wasn't that bad in the canyon, and she did help me fight that Dire Wolf. But now? It's like we're back at square one. Not a glance, not even a stern word on how we're taking too long. What was it? What was it that made her revert back? Or maybe... maybe she never really changed... maybe I was simply wishing she would change so much that I began to believe it was true.”
His gaze briefly alighted on her slender frame, a few feet in front of him. Even now, there was a barrier around her. Not of air or energy –although she was perfectly capable of creating either- but of silence. Whether it was visible or not, it kept him away all the same.
“She has always said that she is with us only because it suits her goals, and that she would leave us the moment that that changed. But I refuse to accept that. She has changed, I know it! The woman I met in the glade would have never gone so far for us, time and time again, even risking herself to help us. If I could only remember, what it was that she said when I was injured... It felt important, and yet, try as I might, only bits and pieces filter through. Maybe If I remember her words, I can figure out why she is suddenly acting so coldly, and I can get her to open up once more. And until then... I will keep my distance, so as to not to drive her further away.”
A few feet ahead of the troubled teenager, Alza was still going over what Ion had said. She replayed the Avatar's words again and again, searching for the truth behind the strange woman's warning. It was clear to her that Ion, and Terra as well, were keeping things from her, holding back information that could potentially lead her to knowledge of her unknown past. 
The Avatar's had never lied outright, of that Alza was sure, but they had never provided her with the whole truth either. Ion's cryptic message only shined more suspicion on the duo's motives. If these Avatar's, these elemental representatives of the planet, were truly so powerful and wise, why had they not taken care of the madman themselves? Surely one human, even one with such diabolical plans, was insignificant in comparison to the beings whom had once been called Gods. 
No, Alza was certain that everything that they were doing, every step they took, was in accordance with the Avatar's grand scheme. In the end, her, Barsch, Kingston and even Maloch were nothing more than pawns on a chessboard, albeit a chessboard of cosmic proportions. And when the pawns had outlived their usefulness?  Well, if it ever came to that, then Ion and Terra would learn first-hand what it meant to face someone with absolutely nothing left to lose. 
Yes, she would protect Barsch... from the man with crimson eyes, and anyone else who threatened him... not out of kindness or pity -for these things were not known to her- but as a means to an end. She would keep him safe, and in return, she would make Ion tell her everything. She would learn who she was, where she came from, and most importantly, where she should go in the future. Until then, there was no need to let Barsch know about the danger that he faced, lest he think it an act of compassion and return to his insufferable... overprotective... ways...
“Another substation up ahead! Everyone, be prepared for anything!” said Kingston, from the head of their four-man -actually two man, one woman and one re-mech- procession. Past Kingston lay another monotonous, grey walled room, the only difference being that this one contained several large heaps of scrap metal. As Barsch came closer, all six senses on alert for a trap, something about the heaps began to bug him. 
At first, he tried to ignore it, while he concentrated on searching for any signs of an ambush, but every few seconds, his eyes would dart back to the misshapen mounds. No matter how much he tried to pass off the feeling to nervousness, he could not pretend to ignore his own thoughts forever. 
“Weird, that piece of metal over there, if you look at it with just the right angle, it almost looks like a hand. And over there, next to that piece that looks like leg, when the light catches it, I could swear that it looks like an re-mech eye. And over there...” This went on and on, until the slow light of realisation dawned in his mind. 
“Kingston, these are...” he started, not wanting to complete his statement, lest he be wrong, or, rather more horribly, right.
Kingston had already guessed what Barsch was going to say, so he went and spared him the pain of having to say it. “They're re-mechs... well, they were re-mechs... now-
“They are what's left, after a re-mech is deemed no longer useful,” finished Barsch, needing to hear himself say it. In his troubled youth, he had once asked his father what happened to re-mechs once they were unable to continue working. His father, preying on his youthful ignorance, had told him that they were re-purposed and sent to work as personal caretakers to the rich and carefree. Barsch felt like swearing at his younger self. He wanted to curse himself for not asking why the wealthy would want to be taken care off by broken re-mechs, when they could have had a small army of servants to care for their every need. If he had, then maybe his older self would not have to deal with the sudden wave of guilt that was not assaulting him.
Suddenly, he realised his folly. He had been so preoccupied with how he felt, he had completely forgotten about the one among them who would be most hurt. “Maloch, I'm so sorry, I didn't know... I-
“Please do not trouble yourself over this, friend Barsch. I have always known that I am, at heart, a machine, and that just like any other machine, I will one day become obsolete. If this is my future, to be dismantled and thrown away, then there is nothing I can do about it.”
“But how can they do this? How can people simply destroy old re-mechs? Don't they care about them?”
With a great sigh, Kingston sat down beside one of the piles. Taking a piece of scrap… taking a piece of what was once a re-mech shoulder-plate, he spoke, “Barsch m'boy, the sad truth is that re-mechs, for all their advanced artificial intelligence, are still only machines in the end. Structurally, they are no different from any other appliance, built for a purpose, and ended when that purpose is fulfilled. Even Maloch was created to perform a task.”
“I still don't understand! Why can't the government just repair the broken re-mechs? Why do they have to dispose of them?”
“Barsch, do you know how much it costs to repair a malfunctioning re-mech to full capacity? The time required, the resources used, and the manpower utilized to build a new re-mech from scratch,  all pale in comparison to the cost to repair them. For many, it is a far more effective and time-saving to merely create a new re-mech, than reconstruct an old one.”
“He's right, Barsch. Before the South Wars, re-mechs were produced en masse, with every mechanized worker having two replacements waiting in the wings. Well, if the rebellion had been successful, maybe things would be different...”
Barsch had moved beside Kingston, and, taking great care not to disturb the impromptu re-mechs burial mounds, sat down. “The rebellion? Are you talking about the Freedman Rebellion? My dad mentioned it once, but he wouldn't tell me what it was about.”
Alza, who had been lingering by the entrance, moved closer, her curiosity finally piqued. Settling into a more comfortable position, Kingston began to speak, “Now, let's see... where to begin. Well, you see, in the old days, long before the War and the pollution, when human civilization was flourishing and technology was racing forward, the re-mechs were born. At first, they were simple robots, designed to perform a single task again and again, without fail.
After a while, their programming became more complex, and they were given human-like forms to increase their versatility. From then, people began using the re-mechs as personal servants, mindless drones, and workers. These early re-mechs lacked the intelligence of modern re-mechs, like Maloch, but they had just enough to function and adapt to changing situations.”
Alza had also taken a seat, coincidentally as far away from Barsch as possible. Barsch was so intent on Kingston's words, however, he completely failed to notice this.
“In those days, re-mechs were truly thought of as disposable machines. They did not have feelings, or emotions, and they could not think or create independently of their rigid programming. Mid-way through the South Wars, however, everything changed. One day, a man by the name of Arthur Freedman, witnessed something impossible: an act of spontaneous thought by a 'mindless' re-mech. He posited that the re-mechs had begun to naturally evolve, their A.I. Becoming more complex and human-like. He was a kind man, and detested the thought of the enslavement of sentient creatures, so he began to speak out. At first, it was a simple protest, calling for the recognition of re-mechs as intelligent and free-willed entities who should have civil rights and a choice regarding their occupation. However, the government, fearful that such a thought could lead to wide-scale rebellion, imprisoned Arthur and publicly denounced his views.”
“But wouldn't that only add fuel to the fire? You know, make people more devoted to the cause?” Barsch had once taken a lesson on rebellions in his youth, from an aged professor who had often fallen asleep mid-sentence. The crux of the lesson was that a rebellion on its own wasn’t very powerful, but if you give the masses a martyr -a symbol to rally behind- they could change the world. 
“Indeed. On the day the government arrested Arthur, two mistakes were made. The first was the assumption that the protest would quietly disappear without a fight. The second was the dismissal of the re-mechs as a plausible threat. Mere hours after his imprisonment, Arthur was broken out by a group of re-mechs, who had been modified by his followers to disobey their programming and think for themselves. After that, the rebellion began in earnest, with re-mechs and humans taking up arms against the government, who continued to believe in their military and tactical superiority. Instead of immediately deactivating all of the rebel re-mechs, they tried to beat them down with sheer force. And the thing is, if you use that tactic, you better be sure that you completely crush them, otherwise they will simply come back stronger and more determined than ever.”
"And then? What happened after that?" asked Barsch, completely enraptured. 
"Well, after a few years of fighting, the government came to realize that it was never going to end. For every re-mech they destroyed on the battlefield, five more were liberated in the cities and villages. In reality, it was not a war that could be won by either side, and in the end, there was only one choice left to them: wide-scale deactivations. Using the secret kill-switch programs that were embedded in every re-mech, the government remotely hollowed out thousands of them, and, without the re-mech to bolster their ranks, the human rebels were quickly crushed. However, this victory came with a terrible price: hundreds of re-mechs were destroyed, their lifeless husks a sad reminder of what they once were. They were discarded, recycled or scrapped, many ending up in rooms just like this. And for those of them who survived the kill-switch: a quick re-programming and the installation of an emotion limiter, so that they could never again dream of freedom. These new, second generation re-mechs were quickly put to work, disposing of their fallen kin and entering into the War as powerful but obedient warriors.” 
His story over, Kingston stood, feeling lighter than ever, as if telling the tale had somehow helped to lift a long held burden. He turned his gaze over his listeners, trying to gauge their reactions. Barsch was easy, as his unfounded guilt and repulsion towards the humans of the past was plastered across his face. Maloch and Alza, however, were harder to read. In Alza's case, it was her normal and unchanging blank stare, which gave no indication as to how she truly felt. For Maloch, the re-mech had kept his face carefully neutral, but Kingston thought that he could see... something... in his eyes. Was it regret? Sorrow for his fallen kindred? Or did his iron-tight programming prevent him from even thinking about questioning whose side he was on.”
“If I had told them about my part in the rebellion... I wonder what they would say? Would they be disgusted? Or would they accept what I had done as necessary? Well, I'm not going to tell them any time soon, so I guess it's okay for now.”
Out-loud, he said, “Well, we've wasted enough time here. Let's move on. I want to get a bit further before we stop for the night.”
His suggestion was met with approval; no one wanted to stay any longer. They quickly moved to the exit, taking care not to disturb any of the piles of remains, as if they were now sacrilegious items deserving of respect. What peace and respect they had lacked in life, they were now receiving tenfold; though it did little good to the fallen re-mechs, but it did cheer Barsch up slightly. As they were leaving, Barsch saw Maloch fall back, until he was out of earshot. With Alza and Kingston already out of sight, it was Barsch alone who witnessed the re-mech's mourning. Kneeling, Maloch lifted a re-mech head out of the pile, dusting it off and cradling it in his massive hands. With reverence, Maloch placed the head atop the pile, with its optical sensors -it's now lifeless eyes- facing the exit. 
Barsch moved closer, his body naturally taking him forward, his heart determined to see what would happen next. In a low, soft voice, the re-mech spoke, “Fallen brothers and sisters, your legacy shall not be forgotten. In your stead, I will search for the path to freedom. I will find a way for us to be free... I will find a place where we can live as equals, free from our past. This, I Maloch, once known as Sovereign, do swear.”
The re-mech then turned to leave, it's solemn promise made. He narrowly avoided meeting Barsch, who had quickly hurried after Kingston and Alza. When Maloch caught up with them, the previous air of silence resumed as if it had never left. 
*
Once more, they travelled down the winding, disorienting corridors, following Maloch's directions at every crossroads. For two hours they walked, with Barsch's legs protesting every step. For Maloch and Kingston, such a walk was a trifle, and Alza would probably not have stopped walking until her legs gave out beneath her. However, Barsch was, for all intents and purposes, a normal teenager, albeit a teenager who had already seen and experienced a lifetime of danger and peril. And, as a normal teenager, he grew tired from having to walk all day through an endless monotony of corridors.
Finally, when it felt like the bones in his legs were about to snap, he called out, “Kingston! Can we please stop? I'm about to fall over!”
Kingston, whose brisk pace had kept him several feet ahead, stopped on the spot. Turning back, he exclaimed, “Ah! Sorry m'boy, sometimes I forget that you're not as fit as the rest of us. We'll stop at the next room.”
Ignoring the fitness comment, Barsch agreed and resumed walking. Less than five minutes later, they found a suitable room, which appeared to be an empty store room. After a quick preliminary search which revealed no immediate threats or traps, they laid out their bedrolls and built a fire. With Barsch in charge of cooking the supplies they had gathered earlier that day, Kingston; Alza and Maloch were free to do as they pleased. In Alza's case, this involved sitting quietly in the corner farthest from Barsch, an act which did not escape his notice. As for Kingston, he found solace outside, guarding the room in the unlikely case of an attack. After waiting a moment, Maloch went outside to joint him.
With the door closed behind them, the two old soldiers could finally talk. For Maloch, he wanted an answer to the question that had bugged him ever since his talk with Guardian. Had Kingston really been the one to create the virus that had infected the World-wide Release Code? Was he the madman that the Avatar's had sent Barsch and Alza to find?
In all their time together, the old man had time and time again displayed knowledge that a mere soldier should never have known. The hermit knew about the inner-workings of Cryogenesis Stations, and he appeared to have a wealth of information on the various computer systems found in the Stations. In addition, the virus had been created during the Great Sleep, which instantly ruled out any of the frozen humans. 
“Kingston-
“Maloch, what do you think about Barsch?” The question caught Maloch by complete surprise, and he had to let his mind work overtime to process it fast enough. 
“He is... a good kid. Strong, brave, but haunted by... something. To speak truthfully, he reminds me of you, Kingston.”
“Ha ha, thank you for that, but he has one thing that I do not: a future. I am old, Maloch, old enough to know that my time has come and gone. I can feel it, every day when I rise... it gets a little bit harder to get up... to keep on going... but, I made a promise, on that terrible day, that I would protect him, with every breath in my body...”
“I do not understand. Why are you telling me this?”
With a soft sigh, Kingston leaned back, placing his weight against the cold wall. He was tired, exhausted to the point of collapse, but he refused to show it when he was with Barsch. He would not be the cause of the boy's worries, even if it meant putting up a healthy façade.
“Why indeed? A year ago, no, even a few months ago, I would never had dreamed that it would turn out like this. On that day, the day my life was torn apart, I made that foolish promise. With nothing but the crescent moon to act as witness, I pledged my unending guardianship. I was naïve back then, thinking that I could simply watch from afar, stay out of his life... and then? Fate delivered him right to my doorstep! I mean, what was I supposed to do, just leave him there to die? No, I promised I would protect him, and that's exactly what I did. And now? Am I still bound  by that promise? Am I still driven by memories of that moonlit night? Once I was sure, but things have changed... he has changed, and now, I do not know what to do...”
“Barsch is important. More important that you, or I. I can tell, he has the potential to be a great man, but, right now, he is still a helpless boy. He is vulnerable, Maloch, and he needs to be protected! From anything... or anyone that would bring him harm, he must be kept safe. Do you understand what I am saying, Maloch? One day, one day soon, I will be gone, leaving Barsch alone and undefended... Maloch, friend, will you take up my mantle? Will you protect him in my stead, after I'm gone? I know that I'm asking a great deal, but you must understand how important this is to me!”
Maloch stepped away from the old hermit, trying to process his words. Mere minutes earlier, he had been about to accuse him of trying to bring harm to the entire human race, and now he was standing here, listening to an old man's selfless request. It was too much to comprehend, and there were still too many variables to consider. If Kingston had known that Maloch suspected him of tampering with the Master Release Code, perhaps he had created this story to divert suspicion. Or, perhaps the old hermit's request was genuine, and he truly felt that Barsch needed protecting, and that Maloch was the only one he could trust . Either way, he could not stall forever. Kingston needed a reply.
“If it is truly as you say... and Barsch needs a protector, then why not Alza? Although she does not seem to possess many social skills, her strength and abilities are unmatched. If you could convince her to serve as Barsch's guardian, then he would be safe against almost all threats.”
Kingston stood straighter, as if the mere mention of her name had sent a frozen gale down his spine. His eyes darted towards the door, searching for movement. “No. Not her. Never her. That thing... that woman, thinks of us as nothing but obstacles, or tools, in her quest to reclaim her identity. I can see it when she looks at us, as if she was analysing whether or not we were worth keeping around. Though I do agree upon her strength, I fear that, if she were to become Barsch's protector, she would only watch over him for as long as it was beneficial to her. So, Maloch, you are the only one I can entrust him to. I will understand it if you choose to decline, and will think no lesser of you, but I must once again stress how important this is to me.” 
Maloch, still standing on the judgement of Kingston's character, decided to agree to the proposal, his logical brain telling him that even if Kingston's motives were less than wholesome, Barsch was a friend of his. Yes, he would protect Barsch, against any that tried to harm him, even Kingston.
“Thank you, friend Maloch. I can rest easy knowing that he will be safe, even after I'm gone.” Their deal done, and Maloch's thoughts of confrontation scattered to the winds, they resumed their silent vigil. 
*
Meanwhile, a few feet away, Barsch was troubled. He sat beside their impromptu fire, roasting several tins worth of various foods on a long make-shift spit. It was a boring yet mindless task, which allowed his thoughts to drift elsewhere, with elsewhere being Alza in this case. It was infuriating, that he should have to tip-toe around her like this. All he wanted was for things to go back to how they had been before, when Alza had at least met his stare with cool apathy, instead of acting as though he no longer existed. “This has to stop. I have to find out why she’s suddenly acting like this, before it gets any worse.” 
Mustering his courage, Barsch began to rise. Mercifully, his unsteady legs bore his weight, allowing him to nervously saunter over to Alza. Despite her obvious ‘Do not disturb’ aura, Barsch let his legs collapse as gracefully as he could manage, lowering himself down to her level. 
Before he could get his first question out, however, Alza struck, “What do you want?” 
Her tone was icy, but Barsch had been expecting it, and had already prepared a come-back, “Um... I just wanted to let you know that supper will be ready in a few minutes...” 
Alza’s blank stare was his only reply. Feeling dejected and ashamed, Barsch began to get up, his questions about her strange behaviour already fading from his mind. But, as he was just about to leave, something made him stop. It was a voice -a callous voice filled with accusation- that began to berate him for his failure. 
Using his own words, it told him, “Is that it? Is that the best you can do? What happened to the fearless warrior who fought a pack of cóyotl and survived? Where is the man who has crossed mountains and deserts to find the truth? You are a coward, Barsch La Tergan, and that means that I am a coward... and I hate cowards. If you fear the unknown so much, then find out what lies in the darkness. If the night scares you, then burn it away with the light! Do not fear what this woman will say, only fear what will happen if you never ask.” 
The mental exchange took only a second, though that was all it took. When Barsch lowered his body back down to the floor, he was a different man. His confidence may have been only temporary, but he was not going to waste it.
“Alza, why have you been avoiding me? I mean, more so than usual?” 
If his sudden change in attitude had surprised her, she did not show it, although Barsch could have sworn that her left eyebrow raised a fraction of an inch in incredulity. Taking a moment to rearrange herself so that she was facing him properly, she calmly replied, “I have not been avoiding you any more than normal. And, for that matter, I do not recall ever having expressed a desire to speak with you. It was always you who imposed yourself on me, not the other way around. Perhaps you should have the re-mech examine your head for brain damage, as I can think of no other reason as to why you would suddenly be bothered by my interactions with you, or lack thereof.” 
Still fuelled by his unfounded confidence, Barsch pressed on, “I don’t believe you. Sure, I may have made a nuisance out of myself a few times, but I also helped you on more than one occasion. And, by the way, I don’t need you, or anyone, to protect me!” Barsch stopped, wondering where that last declaration had come from.
He looked up, seeing if Alza had noticed his confusion, only to find her looking more perplexed than he felt. When Alza spoke then, Barsch truly thought that he heard her voice tremble as she replied, “Protect you? How do you... I, do not know what you mean...” 
It was the first time Barsch had ever seen Alza so flustered; it was unnerving, but at the same time... nice. “Um, forget what I said, it was just something that came to me. But, the words just feel so familiar, as if I was merely remembering something someone told me... Maybe I heard them when I was unconscious?”
It was a thought that had just occurred to him, and it was one that he had never considered before: had Alza spoken to him when he was injured? It was more than unlikely, but her reaction to his words... Still, he needed more proof, and her reaction to his latest theory might help him to make up his mind.
“Why, why do you think that? Is it not more likely that you overheard someone else say... those words? Or perhaps you remembered something from your childhood?” Alza had recovered from her shock, but she had still not returned to her normally composed and collected state.
“Well, you see, ever since I got out of that cryogenic pod, the second time I mean, I’ve been having... flashbacks? But instead of pictures, I get snippets of sound... things like, people talking, and rain falling...” 
Barsch felt his back convulse at the mention of rain, his trauma still too recent for his mind to ignore. He could still vividly remember the sensation of the burning raindrops, each impact sending a wave of pain which raced from bent head to curled toes. Whenever he moved, he felt the new skin on his back and neck recoil, as the new nerves adjusted and recalibrated. 
It was a miracle, his abnormal recovery: from comatose and near death to up and walking in just a few days. Any scientist on the planet –if there had been any still awake- would have carted him off to a top secret laboratory and studied him until he found the reason for his rapid recovery. Suddenly, Barsch realized that he his mind had been drifting, and he hurriedly snapped back to the conversation. He expected to see an annoyed Alza staring at him, or perhaps hear a lecture on paying attention to people when they’re talking, especially when it was he who had approached her.
What he saw next was what he had never expected: Alza looking away, seemingly also lost in thought. Her reaction when she realised that he was waiting for her to speak mirrored his earlier panic, and she opened and closed her mouth repeatedly as she fought for something to say. 
Finally, with an air of irritation and annoyance, that Barsch believed was created in order to hide her embarrassment, she sternly said, “Well... you were unconscious at the time, so maybe these snippets of sound are just figments of your own imagination. I do not speak for the old hermit or the re-mech, but I absolutely did not talk to you when you were out, nor did I mention anything about... protecting anyone.”
“I never said that you...” he tried to say, before she cut him off with, “You have your answer, now please leave me and return to watching the food.” 
Before Barsch could get another word in, Alza had turned away, her aura of solitude returning with a vengeance. Barsch could only shake his head in amazement, before quickly returning to the impromptu spit.
“It is impossible,” Alza thought, as she watched Barsch out of the corner of her eye, “There is no way he could have heard me... although, those words... Perhaps Ion appeared to him as well, and told him what she told me? No, that is rather unlikely. Ion never said that I could not tell him, but she did seem to indicate that he was to be left in the dark... and, so what if he remembers what I said? I mean... whether he remembers or not, it does not make any difference. But, if that is true, then why did I lie?” 
*
A few minutes later, Barsch called to Maloch and Kingston, calling them inside to eat. When they entered, they seemed to avoid meeting Barsch’s eyes, as if they thought that he could somehow tell what had been said about him. As for Alza, she came just close enough to grab a bowl, before retreating to her isolated corner. Barsch, oblivious to what had been said about him and slightly happy over his conversation with Alza, ate with a smile on his face. After they had eaten and locked the door, they bade each other good night -except for Alza, who fell asleep while still sitting upright in her corner- and crawled into bed. 
That night, not a single dream was dreamt, as if the gods, or some guardian spirit, had decided that they needed a moment of peaceful rest, before the harrowing days that were to come. The next morning –Barsch hoped that it was morning, but could not be sure- they awoke refreshed and re-energized. When Barsch stood, he did not feel the expected ache in his legs, but rather, he felt stronger than ever. Just this fact alone was enough to give him hope for the long walk ahead. Even Alza seemed less cold, but as always, it was a barely noticeable change. 
After restoring the room to its original state, they bade it farewell, and continued their journey. Seeing as the corridors had completely failed to become interesting or colourful, Barsch allowed his brain to switch off, as the miles of bland panelling became a continuous grey swatch of background. After a few hours of monotonous walking, they thankfully came to a hub room. It was similar to what they had seen in the past: a square room with exits leading off in every direction, with a uninteresting table in the centre, atop which sat another crudely drawn map. 
Unlike the others, however, this map offered a wealth of information. Despite not showing much, it was the edge of the map which interested the group: it was blank. Not blank because of laziness or ignorance, as Kingston suspected, but blank because what lay in the unknown was not worth mapping. Another clue came in the form of a scribbled handwritten note at the edge of the filled in area, which read, “CAUTION, ROCK SLIDES AND CAVE-INS FREQUENT PAST HERE. RECOMMEND BOARDING UP TO PREVENT ACCESS.” 
It was not a definite exit to the cave system, but it was the best and most likely chance they had. Tracing a finger on the rough map, Barsch mentally drew a route to the blank area, noting that two more sub-stations lay in their path to freedom. Showing the others, he said, “Two more rooms, and two more chances for Guardian to attack us... what should we do, Kingston?” 
The old hermit bent over the map, most likely searching for more secure routes, but eventually gave up and said, “We head forward, slow and steady. If Guardian tries anything, we’ll be ready.” 
After mentally storing the route in his head, Barsch followed after the others, who had already left the room of renewed hope. Beyond the door was yet more lifeless corridors, but somehow, they seemed lighter, perhaps due to the knowledge that they led now to freedom. An hour later, they reached the first sub-station, which was identified as, “CRYOGEN GAS STORAGE” by a simple plaque above the steel door. It was sealed when they arrived, but soon relented under Maloch’s digital lock-picking. 
Inside the room was unlike anything Barsch had ever seen: a large chamber filled to the brim with massive white-grey cylinders, which were studded with valves and hoses, allowing access to the sub-zero liquid helium-3 contained within. The walls were covered with frost, and a row of computers on the far wall sent a constant stream of diagnostic information. Nestled amongst two giant tanks, a small hatch led to the only other exit from the room.
“Seeing as you’ve had the most exposure to this stuff, why don’t you lead the way?” said Kingston, with a hand on Barsch’s shoulder and a wry grin on his face.
Barsch chuckled, surprised at the old man’s attempt at humour. With his hands already starting to go numb and his exposed face turning blue, Barsch could not wait to leave the freezing room far behind. Unfortunately, navigating through the room turned out to be trickier than he had imagined, mostly because the clutter created by the myriad hoses made for a very unstable floor. The vaporous fog hanging in the air did nothing to aid visibility, and above all, the worsening cold was making it increasingly hard to think. If he was watching, Guardian would not have to do a thing; he would just have to sit back and wait until frostbite sent them into the eternal sleep.
Taking a moment to catch his breath and try to bring some warmth back into his extremities, Barsch had a chance to see how the others were faring. Maloch, a machine built to withstand temperatures on both extremes, was patiently waiting for Barsch. Kingston -a man who had weathered more than one terrible winter, and whose days as a soldier had sent him to the frozen north- was similarly complacent. Alza, like Barsch, showed some early signs of frostbite; however, not one word of complaint escaped her lips. 
With enough warmth back in his fingers to stave off frostbite for a few more minutes, Barsch continued forward. Almost immediately, his thawed digits were reclaimed by the cold, which felt like a dozen miniature needles piercing his flesh. The tangled rubber vines seemed to reach for his feet as he passed, looking for an opportunity to fell him like a piece of timber. Although it seemed as if no progress was being made, the exit was coming ever closer. A few more minutes of torturous scrambling over the sea of hoses saw Barsch within arm’s reach of the hatch. With the desire to leave the room and never look back  burning in his mind, he reached out, eager to be warm once more.
“You almost made it,” said a cold, metallic voice from an unseen speaker.
“No...” It was all Barsch could say.
“I will admit, you surprised me in the Waterworks. Who would have thought that mere humans –the same species as my wonderful sleeping children- would have the tenacity to evade me? But that is all in the past now, and I have learnt my lesson. I was too lenient on you, using such a slow, painless method... Now I know better. And to think, I was going to do something truly awful to you! But then you went and took this path, and deprived me of the opportunity to finish you myself!” 
“What are you talking about?” said Kingston, as Barsch and Maloch edged closer to the hatch.
“Well, once you stepped foot in this room, you basically committed suicide. Do you know how many programs it took to seal the room? One. One measly little order was all it took to trap you. I guess it’s true what they say: the simpler, the better. And don’t worry; I’ve already removed most of the cryogen gas to a secondary storage station, so my beloved children won’t suffer. And you should take comfort in the fact that your deaths will not be in vain! The flaws in my security system that you took advantage of are already being addressed... so, thanks for that.”
The hatch refused to give an inch, despite the combined might of Barsch and Maloch. In irritation, he asked, “Why can’t you just let us leave? We’re no threat to you or the humans here, so why do you want to stop us from leaving?” 
There was no reply. Either Guardian had already turned his attention elsewhere, or he simply did not feel like answering. In either case, they were now trapped in what basically amounted to a giant cryogenic pod. If they could not escape in time, the very same gas which had sent all of humanity into a dreamless sleep would send them into an eternal one. And without the healing agents keeping them alive, they would literally freeze from the inside, as their cells froze on a molecular level.
“Okay, don’t panic, we’ve gotten out of worse situations, right? And just because I can’t feel my fingers anymore doesn’t mean that we’re in a big hurry.” Barsch’s nonchalance was obviously forced, but no one spoke out to correct him. Maloch already had a thick coating of ice over his alloyed chassis, making him look like a living snowman. Kingston was still trying to pry the hatch open, but it was clear that decades of freezing air and settling frost had frozen the bolts in place. 
“Um... maybe there’s another way out? You never know with places like this,” said Barsch, knowing that it was a futile effort.
Nodding, Kingston asked, “Maloch, can you scan the room for alternate exits?” 
The frosted re-mech nodded and strode to the centre of the room. A few seconds later, his eyes changed from yellow to a light blue, signifying the start of his scan. He pivoted on the spot, his piercing eyes searching every inch of the room for anything that might help them escape. Barsch tensely held his breath, fervently hoping that the re-mech might discover a way to escape their predicament. 
“I am sorry Kingston, I have failed to detect any alternative exits.” To his credit, the re-mech appeared to have emulated the emotion of shame perfectly.
“That’s okay, Maloch, it was a long shot to begin with. Now, let’s talk options. Maloch, can we break through the hatch?”
The re-mech, seemingly eager to make up for his earlier failure, hurried over to the hatch and began scanning it. When he was finished, he said, “It is a steel-titanium alloy designed to keep any gas from escaping. It has no holes or access panels, and the handle is on the other side. However, I believe that with enough time, I would be able to break through.” 
“How long do you need?” asked Kingston, the glimmering of hope finally returning to his aged eyes.
“More time than you have. My sensors tell me that the temperature in this room is still decreasing, and that at the current rate, you will all have frozen to death long before I get through. If we had a way to raise the temperature, even just a few degrees, our chance for survival would increase exponentially.”
Barsch stepped forward, his memories of Maloch’s abilities probed for an answer. “Is there nothing that you can do? Can’t you use one of your gadgets to heat the air?”
The re-mech slowly shook his head, saying, “Breaking through the door will take every ounce of energy that I have. I could raise the temperature, but then I would not have the strength... well, I think you get the idea...”
Barsch knelt down and wrapped his arms around his numbed legs, trying to breathe some life into his frozen appendages. He could already feel the gas affecting his system, slowing his thoughts; making his head feel like wool. The urge to close his eyes and lie down was growing stronger with every passing second, and he feared that he would soon lose the will to resist. It was such a sweet temptation: embrace the urge, close your eyes, let the cold take you. 
At the same time, Alza was struggling to concentrate. Sitting in the centre of the room, she tried to focus on the image of the flame; to make it real. It was not the first time she had tried to conjure fire from thin-air, but it was the most stressful. She could already feel her fingers stiffening, dying... and her vision beginning to cloud over. She had a hard enough time summoning the power that dwelt within her without having her own life to worry about. 
Trying to clear her mind, she thought back to when she had first used her pyro kinesis. The memory swam into view, its spherical surface hazy with recollection. She saw herself, closing her eyes in what looked like prayer, while a floating ball of flame rose into existence before her. 
“I can do it. I know I can. I just have to remember that feeling... of being filled with warmth, and then taking that warmth and pushing it out into reality. Breathe in the warmth, and exhale the flame. Picture it, filling me with heat and strength. Let it consume me, until I feel as if I can take no more. Let it swell and burst. Concentrate. Feel it. Breathe in the light. Concentrate on the sensation. Mould it. Let it fill me to breaking point. Concentrate on the pain of life. Hold it. Breathe out the flame.” 
“Alza?” It was Barsch’s voice, changed by fear... and awe.
Still holding onto her thoughts, Alza opened her eyes. Floating a few feet off the ground, like a miniature sun, was a small ball of fire. It grew and shrunk, like a beating heart consumed by flames. The warmth had left her, but she could feel it, distantly, through the link she now shared with the fireball. Already, the numbness in her limbs was retreating, while her freed fingers extended outwards, towards the hovering ball. 
Barsch stared in amazement, as a small ball of fire appeared from nowhere, its warmth instantly driving away the urge to sleep. He tried to stand, and was surprised at his ability to do so. The flame –or cruel hallucination- continued to rise into the air, its warmth melting parts of the frozen wall. For a second, he started to look for where it had come from, but his rational brain quickly stopped this line of thought. 
“Look, fire can’t just come from nowhere, okay? But... this is Alza we’re talking about here, so I guess anything is possible. In any case, if I continue worrying about how any of this is possible, I’ll go mad... well, madder, so I guess I’ll just let it be.” 
Kingston, standing by the resilient hatch with Maloch, had finally noticed the absence of cold attacking his body. Turning to the centre of the room, he managed to utter, “What the- before his wizened eyes took in the sight of the floating pyro-sphere. Unlike Barsch, he wasted no time on pondering on how such a thing was possible, and instead said, “Alza, how long can you hold it?” 
“Not long,” was the girl’s reply, her voice already sounding strained.
“Then there’s no time to waste. Maloch, you may proceed with the plan.” 
The re-mech gently pushed Kingston out of the way and, with the briefest of pauses, began hammering the door. Immediately, a multitude of cracks appeared where his titanic fists had met metal. Slowly at first, but picking up speed, the cracks multiplied and spread out. While Maloch busied himself with turning the hatch to scrap metal, Barsch knelt beside Alza. The efforts of sustaining the flame were already beginning to show, evidenced by the slick sweat forming on her brow. Her hands were clenched at her sides, and her eyes had been shut tight. She was obviously in no state to be pestered, and Barsch could only hope that his presence alone would suffice.
“I’m almost through!” The re-mech spoke the truth, as the hatch continued to buckle under his enormous strength. Already, light from the tunnel was filtering though, and once again, Kingston allowed himself to hope. 
“I can’t hold it for much longer!” Alza’s voice was trembling with exertion, as the floating flame began to shrink. Her hands shook, and her breathing was heavy and irregular. She was pouring everything she had into keeping the fire alive, but it was failing nonetheless. Its warmth was still sufficient to stave off the killing cold, but not for long. 
“Just a few more seconds!” cried the re-mech, as the sound of fists beating on metal drowned out Alza’s laboured breathing. 
In that exact moment, two things happened simultaneously: Maloch finally broke through the hatch, his last blow filled with desperate rage; and Alza fell forward, eyes unfocused and breathing ragged. The flame winked out of existence as she fell, it’s purpose met. Barsch, standing ready by her side, caught her surprisingly light body, and took her up in his arms. Kingston and Maloch were already through the man-sized hole, checking for more dangers on the other side.
As Barsch neared the handmade exit, he heard a mechanized voice cry out, “NO! I will not let this happen. I will not let you escape! Initiating final lock-down protocol. Sealing all exits. Venting atmosphere. Deploying all security counter-measures.  Activating cold storage back-up generators. Time to total lock-down: ten minutes.”
With urgency, Kingston said, “We have to move, now!” 
Barsch wasted no time in asking why, and dutifully followed his mentor’s command. They fled from the room without looking back, ignoring Guardian’s outraged screams. Barsch had no time to stop and recover from the cold, and had to work life back into his hands as he ran. Alza still had not stirred from her slumber, but her breathing rhythm had returned to normal. Her weight made it hard to move, and Barsch tried not to think about how close they were. 
“Maloch, how much farther to the last sub-station?” called Kingston, while running at a surprising speed. 
A few feet ahead, the re-mech was setting a fast pace, but still managed to answer, “Not too far. At our current pace, we should reach it in a few minutes. However, if Guardian can be believed, he had already activated the final lock-down protocol. If that is the case, then we have very little time left.”
“Before what?” asked Barsch, struggling to keep up due to his extra burden.
“The final lock-down was intended to be a worst-case scenario solution. If it ever got so bad that the station’s occupants, or the station’s integrity were threatened, then the A.I. would shut down everything: life-support, computer cores, even the generator. Basically, this station would go from a haven for cryogenically frozen humans to an inescapable prison. Anything not in a cryo-pod would be trapped in the cold darkness, unable to get out, with the oxygen supply slowly dwindling.” 
“That’s bleak. So what do we do?”
“Pray that we get out in time.”
 The re-mech suddenly turned back and said, “Get ready, we are almost there.”
Up ahead lay another steel door, identical in every way to the others, except for the words on the digital plaque: “BACK-UP RE-MECH STORAGE”. Despite Guardian’s claim of sealing the doors, it was opened with nothing more than a gentle push. Unnerved by the ease of access, Barsch and Kingston readied themselves for a fight, with the old hermit tensely holding his solar staff like a club, and the young teenager lowering Alza gently to the floor before unsheathing Lanista. The strange girl had still not awoken, but Barsch trusted in her resilience, and hoped that she was merely recovering her spent energy.
“Something is wrong.” 
Of all the words that Barsch had wanted to hear, the one’s that Maloch spoke then were the lowest on his list. Already knowing the answer in his heart, he nevertheless asked, “What do you mean?”
The metal titan had ventured further into the room, and had begun checking it for anything that might resemble a threat. The room itself was rather plain, consisting of a rectangular box with several vertical “shelves” along each wall. Nestled inside each shelf was a deactivated re-mech: of all shapes and sizes. Barsch counted half a dozen different types –from cleaning mech’s to personal aides- before he gave up. Each was in a partial state of decay, with several missing entire limbs or heads. It was obvious that the re-mech’s had been cannibalized for their parts, but by what was unknown. 
On the far side of the room –no more than twenty feet away- lay the one and only exit. It was sealed, but a computerized access panel lay beside it, meaning they could hack it if need be. From the ceiling hung several strange tubes and machines, similar to the sensor that they had encountered in the decontamination room. At the ends of the mechanized tubes lay several pieces of tech that would not have been amiss in a torture chamber, or a re-mech repair station. The drill-bits and circular saws looked old, but the oil dripping from their socket joints spoke of recent usage.
“There should be very little power consumption in this room, but my sensors have detected a recent massive power surge in the machines here. Strange, I recall detecting a similar power surge just before I was repaired.”
“Strange... still, I don’t intend on staying here and trying to solve this mystery. Barsch, Maloch, we’re leaving.” Kingston’s voice was firm, but Barsch knew that the old man was just as worried as he was. Nobody in the room wanted to spend another second in it, but the power surge, coupled with the stored re-mech’s missing parts nagged at a part of him. Rising from kneeling beside Alza, he allowed his eyes to wander over the lifeless re-mechs, taking in the dangling tools, and finally the tantalizing exit. In that moment everything finally came together.
“Kingston...” he began, but another voice cut him off.
“Did you actually think that you had beaten me? Did you think that you had won? My intelligence is unparalleled, my resources unmatched... and still you thought that you could best me. This is the end. I will no longer tolerate your continued existence. I tried to be nice. I tried to be compassionate. But you... you... just could not play along. And now, I will finish this, with my own hands...”
The voice had come from the far end of the room, as opposed to a speaker as Barsch had been expecting. In addition, it sounded different from what he was used to - more disjointed- as if ten different people were all trying to speak at the same time. A few seconds after the voice spoke, a soft rumbling began to emanate from the corner of the room, near the re-mech “containers”. Barsch had heard it before: whenever Maloch had begun booting up. 
What happened then was something that Barsch would remember for the rest of his days, though how long that was seemed to still be up in the air. From the last line of re-mechs, a giant emerged. Like Frankenstein’s monster breathing his first breaths of life, the giant seemed to savour the moment. It was a hideous thing: a mismatch of various re-mech parts. Everything was connected at weird angles, and it’s limbs –all six of them- were all of differing lengths. The monster –for that is what it was- turned on the spot, it’s eight eyes of various colours sweeping the room. The giant spent a few seconds testing out it’s obviously new body, moving limbs and checking welds for faults. 
Finally, after it had finished it’s checks, it turned to the stunned group and said, “This body was made from the best components available to me... I find it... suitable. And before you even think about using the kill-switch, know that I have merged the command codes of more than fifteen unique re-mechs. In this way, I have removed the only vulnerability afforded by this body. So, would you like me to pummel you to death? Or would you prefer me to use my cannons?” I will offer you this last courtesy: it’s your choice.”
“Neither.” Kingston’s voice was firm, but even he felt a pang of apprehension from facing down such a monster. Without waiting for Guardian to make his move, he moved quickly towards Barsch and shouted, “Maloch, keep him busy!” The re-mech obeyed without question -as he had been programmed to- as he moved to intercept the now mobile Guardian. The two re-mech collided in a shower of sparks, as each tried to find the weak point of the other. However, despite Maloch’s considerable strength and combat experience, he was clearly outmatched. Even as they watched, their loyal friend began to lose ground.
“Barsch, I have a plan, but I’m going to need your help.”
“Sure, anything.”
“Good. Now, although Guardian said that he had figured out a way to overcome the kill-switch, there is still a way to shut him down. If we can figure out the model numbers of all of the re-mechs that he has assimilated, I can use the individual kill-switches to shut him down.” 
Barsch understood, but still failed to see his part in the old hermit’s plan. This was soon rectified, as Kingston said, “Now, I need you to find out the model numbers of each of the re-mechs. I will start on this side, so can you go over there and start looking for the serials? They should be imprinted on the inside of the chest-plate. Once you have it, call out the code and I’ll recite the appropriate kill-switch. Okay?”
“Okay.” There was nothing else to be said, so Barsch moved to the other side of the room and started unhinging the first chest-plate. The re-mech was a short, green custodian model, designed to clean up minor spills and sweep floors unnoticed. It’s small chest-plate was remarkably fragile, and Barsch initially had trouble finding the depressed catch. After several attempts, and with tension mounting, he finally succeeded. With haste, he searched for the alpha-numeric code which would give him the model type. 
“JAN-21!” he cried, once he had read and reread the code.
“Roger!” replied Kingston from the opposite end of the room. Without delay, he turned towards Guardian’s patchwork body and said, “Re-mech model JAN-21, activating manual override, kill-switch command code: Turing; Hydra; Hephaestus. Terminate!” 
Almost immediately, a reply came from the now awoken green re-mech, stating, “Command Code confirmed. Initiating forced shut-down in three, two, one...” The re-mech then slumped forward, lifeless once more. On Guardian, a mirror action occurred, as one of his four arms fell to his side.
“It’s working! Keep it up m’boy!” Kingston had reached the next disassembled re-mech, and, with the speed of experience, quickly reached the code. Leaving no pause, he shouted, “Re-mech model TIG-97, activating manual override, kill-switch command code: Beta, Alshain, Jormungard. Terminate.” 
Another confirmation, another deactivated limb. Barsch was amazed, despite all odds, their plan was working perfectly. For the next for the next few minutes, the room was filled with an almost continuous banter between Barsch and Kingston, with the former calling out codes and the latter speedily and accurately reciting the corresponding kill-switches. Of course, as Barsch had learnt a long time before, nothing good ever lasted for very long around him.
In this particular situation, the end of their uninterrupted streak of deactivations came in the form of Maloch crashing to the floor. In their haste to gather to the codes, they had forgotten about the one who had been taking the full brunt of Guardian’s rage. And despite his recent repairs, Maloch had seen better days. The front of his chest was dented in several sections, while oil and various other fluids streaked down his face-plate. 
Of course, Guardian was not faring well either, with several of his stolen parts  -including three of his arms and one leg- deactivated, along with several wounds inflicted by Maloch. However, as a testament to the A.I.’s resolve, he had not retreated. Teetering but not falling, Guardian began advancing towards their fallen friend.
Thinking quickly, Barsch finished his duty and called out, “SOL-01!”
Kingston, temporarily distracted by Maloch’s defeat, took a second to register Barsch’s words. When he did, however, he speedily replied with the corresponding kill-switch, which was made up of the words Mesarthim; Helios and Theta. Another one of Guardian’s eyes went dark, giving Maloch an opportunity to crawl out of harm’s way. Despite having saved their ever-loyal re-mech, they were still in a precarious situation. Without Maloch to distract Guardian, the latter was free to go after Kingston, Barsch, or even the defenceless Alza.
“We need to speed this up m’boy!”
“I know! I’m on it!” Barsch had almost reached the end of his row, which contained a scarlet security guard and a beige engineer. He reached the security re-mech first, and immediately went to work on removing it’s chest-plate. 
“CVX-
“Barsch, get down!” Kingston’s scream pierced the air, it’s urgent message bypassing Barsch’s brain entirely, before heading directly for the muscles in his legs. Without warning, Barsch’s leg buckled, dropping him to the floor faster than one would have thought possible. He was about to question Kingston’s sudden command, when a strange whistling sound shot above his head. Milliseconds later, the noise was followed by a quasi-familiar sight: a green beam of pure and destructive energy. It passed mere inches above his head, before continuing onwards towards the lifeless scarlet re-mech. When Barsch finally regained control of his lower limbs, he rolled over and stood, needing to see it for himself. 
The sight that greeted him was everything he had thought it would be: the mangled remains of what had once been an innocent re-mech. It’s features had been reduced to a smouldering heap of metal, rendering any hope of deactivating it’s corresponding part in Guardian non-existent. 
For a few seconds, nothing happened. It was as if the shock of what had been done was too great to process. Barsch sat, stunned by Guardian’s reprehensible act of cruelty, unable to move another inch. Unaffected by their shock, Guardian taunted, “Did you really think that I would just stand here and let you deactivate me? Do you take me for a fool? Now, come and face reality. Your plan has failed. Your only hope of escaping here alive is gone. I ask you, do you plan on resisting your fate further? Or will you quietly allow me to send you to oblivion? Once again, it is your choice.”
“Kingston?” Barsch had finally regained the use of his vocal cords, along with his senses. His query towards his friend and respected elder was meant to reassure him, as he imagined the old hermit telling him that everything was going to be alright. However, the comforting words never came. Kingston still stood at the opposite end of the room, his mouth agape, his mind in panic. 
It was clear to all that he had never even considered that Guardian would resort to such a brutal tactic, but in hindsight, it was easy to see how Guardian would justify it. After all, he had merely been disposing of a threat to his precious “children”, and in his twisted programming, the destruction of one easily replaceable re-mech was preferable to the death of thousands of irreplaceable humans.
“Just because it’s justified, doesn’t mean it’s right!” thought Kingston, using a small portion of his still shell-shocked mind. 
“No answer? Then I’ll choose... oblivion!” 
Without warning, Guardian leapt into action, his disabled limbs slowing his attack just enough for Barsch to move in time. The abominable creation that Guardian was currently inhabiting brought its heavy fist down on where Barsch had been a second earlier, crushing the flooring with the force of the blow. If the attack had connected, there would not be enough left of Barsch to bury. Already, the patch-work re-mech was turning, trying to find the elusive teen. 
Of all of the scenarios that Kingston had envisioned prior to entering the room, the one he currently found himself in had proven to be the worst. He could only watch helplessly as Guardian struck out, again and again, at his fearful charge. Mercifully, none of the blows hit home, but Kingston knew that it was only a matter of time before they did, and then it would be the end for Barsch. 
Knowing that Barsch only had so many lucky dodges left, Kingston moved in to help his young friend, despite the futility of matching his strength against Guardian’s. He could no longer rely on Maloch, who had not made a sound in some time, nor could he call on Alza, who still slept by the entrance. He felt like screaming, the hopelessness of the situation making him question his every decision since entering the room. 
Just as he was about to throw himself at the lumbering titan, –and throw away his life in the process- he heard an unfamiliar sound. It was a gentle whirr, barely audible, coming from the direction of Maloch’s battered body. Starting off slow, it quickly grew in tempo, until none in the room could ignore it any longer. Another heartbeat later, and a welcome voice joined the rhythmic sound.
“Warning, hidden program activation detected. Code name: Stormlink. Unknown parameters met. Power requirements reached. Atmosphere ionization acceptable. Diverting all power reserves to pulse generator. Electro-magnetic waveform detected. Scanning room for conductive surfaces. Conductive surface detected. Power levels critical. Stormlink program nearing one-hundred percent activation. Pulse generator running at maximum cycles. Preparing for electro-magnetic pulse displacement. Discharging EMP field in ten, nine, eight...”
What came next would not have shocked any half-decent physicist, but to Barsch, it was completely unexpected. With a speed that defied logic, Maloch had risen and, in two quick steps, reached Guardian. From deep within the re-mech came a different sound: static. The noise grew as the two re-mechs re-engaged, with Maloch opting for a paralysing hold which stopped Guardian in his tracks. Although Guardian’s borrowed body was physically stronger, he was caught off-guard by Maloch’s sudden resurgence, allowing the smaller re-mech to immobilize him. Meanwhile, the sound of static had grown, and was now accompanied by the sight of several white sparks arcing off Maloch’s chassis.  The sparks seemed to be emanating from Maloch’s core, and were growing in number with every passing second. For a moment, Barsch was caught, entranced by the lightshow before him, until his common sense returned and he got to his feet. 
Just as Barsch was about to ask Maloch if he needed help, the EMP field exploded outwards. It lasted for a single heartbeat: a spherical dome of translucent energy, before fading from view. It passed through Barsch and Kingston as if they were not there, leaving only a faint feeling of pins and needles, which disappeared soon after. However, for Guardian, the blast had had a far greater effect. Barsch watched as the monstrous re-mech fell forward; his many eyes lifeless, his limbs limp. Barsch did not even wait for the sound of his crash to finish reverberating through his head to go and see Maloch. 
Even though he had been in the very centre of the blast, Maloch appeared unharmed, apart from an obvious fatigue. The victorious re-mech had dropped down to one knee, and was watching Guardian’s body with wary eyes. When he was sure that the titan would not rise again, he turned and met Barsch’s anxious gaze.
“Don’t worry master, I will be fine, I just need a few minutes.”
“Oh... that’s good to hear. And Maloch... thanks for saving me...” 
“Do not mention it, I exist to serve...” 
“Still... thank you.” Barsch left Maloch to recover, and went to check on Alza. 
*
After completely missing the battle with Guardian, she had finally awoken, noticeably confused. Her first sight was of Maloch’s damaged figure, and her second –Guardian’s lifeless body- was no better. It had taken little time to bring her up to speed, and she was now standing by the exit, ready to leave.
As Barsch approached, Alza turned to meet him, and for a brief moment, he could have sworn that he saw worry in her violet eyes. It was getting harder to tell what she was thinking, although it had never been particularly easy. From her sudden coldness during their escape, to her strange actions during their talk, Barsch was about ready to give up on ever understanding her. 
“Hey, how are you feeling?” Barsch tried to keep his tone jovial.
“I have regained the energy that I had lost. I see that you have been busy while I slept.” In stark contrast to his tone, Alza’s voice was flat and devoid of emotion.
“Yeah, I’m fine too,” Barsch said, mostly to himself, before continuing, “So, um, how exactly did you make that fire back there? It’s kind of been on my mind ever since...”
“It was nothing. I merely thought about bringing the flame into existence, and then willed it into reality. For someone of my calibre, it was child’s play.”
“Child’s play that sent you into a coma for half an hour...” Out loud, however, Barsch said, “Wow, that’s um…useful? So, uh... who taught you how to do that?”
Alza looked at him with a gaze that could have melted steel. Her composure told him that he had asked the wrong question, so he quickly followed up with, “Actually, I’m probably better off not knowing. Well... um, if you are all right, then I guess I should go and see how Kingston is doing...”
“Go wherever you wish.” Her tone was still icy, but it had returned to being the ‘I don’t care about what you do’ iciness, as opposed to her recent ‘I am ignoring your entire existence’ chill. It was a small difference, but it meant a lot to him.
Standing by his words, Barsch left her to her own devices, and returned to Kingston’s side. The old man was kneeling by Maloch, his withered hand placed gently on the re-mech’s shoulder.  As Barsch approached, he heard the last few words of the conversation which had taken place in his absence. They were, “Thank you for protecting him.” 
“Ah, Barsch m’boy! How are you feeling?” There was no trace of his former seriousness, and Barsch did not dare answer truthfully, lest he bring it back.
“I’m fine... a little banged up, but fine nonetheless. And you?”
“Ha ha! I’ve always been sturdier than most. Now, do you have anything else you would like to do, or can we finally leave this dreadful place?” The hermit’s tone was still merry, but there was also a hint of pleading in his voice. Barsch could understand where it might come from: he too longed to leave the dangerous station far behind. 
“I’m ready to leave any time, but sooner would be better than later. Wait... what about Guardian’s final lock-down protocol? Wouldn’t it have been completed by now?”
“Not to worry, friend Barsch. I have already disabled the lock-down. I see that you are confused, so I will explain further. You see, when Guardian took possession of the... thing lying over there, he unintentionally created a physical link between this body and his mainframe. Once I accessed his processing core, it was a simple matter to shut-down the lock-down programs and reset the system. When Guardian eventually awakens, the last few days will be a blur, which will be attributed to  a fault in his memory systems.”
“That’s a relief, and at least the inhabitants won’t suffer because of us.” It was all he could say to the re-mech, who had both saved his life, and the lives of everyone in the station. And then, with Kingston’s words still riding in his mind, he added, “Are you okay to move? I mean, we can wait for a while if you need some more time...”
“I have recovered enough energy to engage my mobility systems. Judging by the map we found earlier, we should be very close to the entrance to the cave system.”
“Well, if everyone is ready, then I guess there’s no use in waiting around.” With Kingston leading them, they left the room, all eager to be long gone by the time Guardian recovered. Only Barsch looked back at the fallen re-mech, flanked on both sides by the mechanical servants it had robbed and disfigured. Finally, his gaze fell on the remnants of the scarlet security droid. It had been a casualty of war, but that did not excuse its fate. With sadness in his heart, Barsch said, “I’m sorry we could not save you...”
Moments later, he had caught up to the others, who were walking at a steady pace down another corridor. However, this one, unlike the others, showed clear signs of disuse. Its walls were cracked and missing several sections, allowing the underlying rock to show through. The floor underfoot was similar in appearance, with pot-holes in abundance. It got worse as they walked, with more and more rock showing through, and the floor becoming little more than a thin layer of dust and dirt over granite. 
“There.” 
Barsch followed Kingston’s pointed finger to a boarded up section at the end of the corridor. It looked old, older than the station that had been built around it. Kingston reached it first, and noting its strange look, announced, “This was probably a mine before they built the station. It makes sense, less digging since half the place was already excavated.”
For a moment Kingston went silent, before continuing, “Barsch, did you know that Genesis 13 was built atop a War Bunker? It was apparently commissioned by an influential businessman as a safe location in which he could wait out the war with his family. Too bad he died just before it was finished...” Kingston realised that no-one was listening to him, so he wisely decided to stop talking.
“Here, give me a hand with this.” The former hermit said as he started pulling off the boards. Barsch quickly moved to help him, while Alza and Maloch looked on. The planks were decades old and almost completely worn through, so they provided little challenge to the duo. In no time at all, the boards were gone, revealing a small wooden door built into the rock. It was sealed with an ancient padlock, but, in the intervening years, it had become more rust than metal, and it too was quickly disposed of.
For a moment, Kingston stopped. He thought back, to when Barsch had been injured while trying to save his life, and their desperate flight to find shelter for him. It had seemed so simple back then: find the station, heal Barsch, and then get out. How had it all gone wrong since then? Why had they had to endure such hardships when they were merely trying to leave? Was it-
“Um, Kingston?” Barsch’s voice was soft, but worried.
“Ah! Sorry, my mind was going for a little walk... Now, how about we get out of this infernal place. Shouldn’t be too hard to find a path to the surface once we’re in the caves. And from there, we should be back on track in no time.”
With hope once again soaring in his heart, Kingston reached forward and grasped the door’s equally rusted handle. With some force to dislodge the accumulated gunk, he managed to thrust open the portal.
“Heavens help us...” he said, as what he saw destroyed all traces of his short-lived hope.


Chapter XIII: Cave of Dreams
In which fears are faced...

“Kingston,” Barsch said, “What can you see?”
“Trouble,” he hoarsely replied.
The old man stepped aside, allowing Barsch to squeeze past him. The first thing Barsch noticed was the light. Instead of the caves being pitch black, as he had imagined, they were illuminated by a soft violet light. His second wrong assumption was that the cave would be small. Instead, the door opened on to a large plateau, beyond which lay a massive cavern. In the distance, smaller openings led deeper into the cave system. It was clear that their journey was still far from over, and that they would have to wait a little while longer before they could see the sun again. 
“I don’t see any-
Barsch stopped when he saw it. A monstrous, glowing crystal. A crystal which boded ill for any who saw it. A crystal feared throughout the world: ç'aether. It sprung forth from the grey-blue rock, like a shining sword piercing the earth. As soon as Barsch saw the first, it was like the veil was lifted. Five. Ten. Fifty. One-hundred. It was pointless to count them all. They littered the cavern like moss on a stone. They erupted through walls, hung from the ceiling like malignant chandeliers, and grew in great columns, hundreds of feet high. 
“They look... rougher...” Alza said, surprising everyone. When they looked at her in unison, each –even Maloch- with a puzzled gaze, she explained, “Compared to the one’s we saw outside the city. Those were all consistent in size and shape, and they grew in a pattern. These seem a lot more random and haphazard.”
Barsch watched Kingston nod in agreement, as if the old man had been thinking the exact same thing. When she had finished speaking, he said, “I think, and this is just an unfounded idea, that the ç'aether in this cave formed naturally, over time. Perhaps generations of mining and excavations, along with impurities in the rock, led to minute build-ups of pollution, which slowly gathered and condensed until crystallization took place. Of course, the implication being that ç'aether can actually form in nature, as opposed to having to come from a single, destructive release of pollution, is of mind-blowing proportions. Can you imagine? If ç'aether can form naturally, then perhaps it’s nature’s way of containing pollution? And if that is the case, then the South Wars... no, then the entire Fall need not have happened.”
“Um... Kingston? I don’t understand, why would anything have been different? From what my father told me, the pollution from the Creed Event spread around the world too quickly to be contained.”
“By humans, yes. But nature will always prevail, even if humanity suddenly disappeared right this second, the ecosystem of this planet would survive. If we had not interfered, and the ç'aether had been allowed to form naturally, then the pollution across the globe would have been safely contained. Of course, many would still have died, and the pollution would still be a problem, but it would have given us more time, time we so desperately needed... Oh, if only I could study the ç'aether here, perhaps I might be able to solve this mystery. If we were not so pressed for time... No, I will return once the madman has been dealt with, and you are all safe.”
“The madman that we still no nothing about.” This time, the fact that Alza had spoken came as less of a surprise, but Barsch still found it quite disconcerting.
“True. If we only knew more about him, or his plan, we might be able to better prepare.”
“Don’t you have any ideas? Terra did say that he was planning to do something to the entire human race, but how could that be possible?” It was not the first time that Barsch had thought about the man whom they were supposed to stop. His name, his face, his goals and motives; he was a mystery, an enigma that the Avatars had purposely left shrouded in darkness. 
He was their test. A test given to see if they had the determination, and the faith, to trust in the Avatar’s words and follow their instructions without faltering. And if they could prove themselves worthy, the human race would be saved. It was a terrible burden to place on their shoulders: the safety and security of every human on the planet in their hands. Their hands of steel; wrinkles; power and ineptitude. Of all of the people to choose, why them? The Avatars obviously had the power to pick whoever they wanted, so why had they chosen an aged hermit, an amnesiac girl, a re-mech and a powerless boy? 
“Technically, it should be impossible. The thought that a single man, for better or worse, could simultaneously affect millions of people spread across the globe is laughable. However, for the first time in recorded history, humanity has stopped expanding, and have retreated to the isolated cryogenic stations. And, if someone truly decided to attack those slumbering people? They would have to find a way to sabotage every cryogenic pod on the planet.”
“So it’s impossible? I mean, the stations are all located in remote areas, so at best, he could only attack one?”
Kingston looked troubled, as if he had come to that exact realisation. “Normally, yes... but even though the stations are far apart, they are linked. Unbeknownst to the general public, a wireless network was created before the stations were built, one that contained a code that would affect every pod on the planet: the master release. It was designed to either open or close every pod simultaneously when the timer hit zero. But... the code is protected by the most advanced security programs in existence. Even if someone was able to defeat those, there are numerous back-ups and fail-safes. It would take decades to hunt down and remove every one of those...”
“So no worries? If the code is safe, and the pods are secure, then no one could possibly do anything to hurt the human race.”
“Yes... in theory...” Kingston tried to assure Barsch’s worries with a confident smile, but his mind was churning. “It would take a madman’s dedication, and an unbelievable amount of skill and knowledge... but it could be done. I helped design that code, so if anyone could say for certainty that it was secure, it would be me.”
“If you are done talking about things that do not matter, I suggest we leave this place as quickly as possible.” Alza had already begun walking, as if she had known that there would be no opposition to her suggestion. Barsch and Kingston, taking one last look at the wooden door -and their last chance to turn around and return to the Station- hurried after her. 
*
What had at first appeared to be a narrow plateau quickly revealed itself to be a sloping hill. From the door, a steep mining path led down to the cave floor, which was dimly illuminated by the multitudes of ç'aether. The cave floor appeared to be smooth, almost polished, most likely from centuries of dripping run-off water from the surface. With the soft light from the crystals reflected in the mirror-like surface, the whole cavern took on an eerie atmosphere. The light was reflected and refracted in every direction, which, after Barsch's eyes adapted to the half-gloom, made the look as if they were underwater. 
“This place is amazing. I mean, if not for the mind-warping crystals and the blood-thirsty A.I. that we just left behind, I might want to stay a bit longer. But, whenever I see those things... I can't help but remember that day in the ç'aether forest, when that man attacked us. I think Kingston said that his name was... Raigan? Argh! It's a miracle that we managed to make it out of there with our lives! And now I have to walk through a cave full of the damn things?”
For a moment Barsch stopped and tried to count the number of times he had almost died since leaving Kingston’s hut. He stopped counting after he reached twenty, and that was before they even left Carçus. 
“I swear, somewhere along the way, between being born and meeting Alza, I must have done some very bad things. I mean, how else do you explain all of the hardships that I've encountered since waking up? It must be several lifetimes’ worth of bad karma. That's the only logical explanation... well... If I said that in front of Kingston, he would probably just look at me with those understanding, yet sceptical eyes, and tell me that stuff like karma isn't real. And then he would go on to say that everything that we've endured can be explained away by science, or it's all just a big co-incidence or something like that. And don't get me wrong, I respect him more than anyone else I've ever met... but he can be a little... stubborn at times.”
Look who’s talking.
“Well... I guess I can be stubborn too... I guess we're the same in that regard. Hmm, maybe I'll introduce Kingston to dad when he wakes up? I just have to convince him to freeze himself in one of the Station's pods. And Alza can come too! Though I’m not sure how dad will react to that. Either way, I'm sure that he will be happy to see me again, though I'm not too sure that he will believe me about waking up early and meeting Alza, Kingston and Maloch. Eh... I'm sure it will be fine! It might take some time, but I know that dad will welcome them both... eventually...”
“Barsch, Alza, are you listening?” It was Kingston's voice, but it sounded different from his normal out-of-breath-but-still-energetic inflection. “I said that you should be on your guard. Didn't you hear me?”
Alza was obviously not going to answer, so Barsch looked up and said, “Ah! Sorry, just lost in thought... So why do we have to be on the lookout anyway? I mean, besides the ç'aether, there's nothing in this place but us.”
“Have you forgotten what happened the last time we were around these things? Don't forget, even though ç'aether is still a mystery to us, we do know that it affects the mind. It can make you see things that aren't there... that can't be there. And what you see could seem so real that you convince yourself that it is...”
Barsch had not forgotten about the things that he had seen in that violet maze, no matter how much he wanted to. “But you said that these crystals were made naturally, as opposed to the man-made ones from before, so couldn't it be possible that they are harmless?”
Kingston drew back from Barsch, apparently considering the boy's insightful words. “I suppose... or, perhaps these will do even more damage. There is no way to know without studying them, so that's why I said that we should be cautious.”
“I see. I guess that makes sense. You know, whenever I see one of them, it feels like they are alive.”
“Alive?”
Barsch turned away from the old man, sorting out the words in his head. It was as if the strange sensation he had had since entering the cave had finally made sense. Before replying to Kingston, he looked up, towards the stacks of ç'aether hanging high above. They were pretty, in a way, but it was the way they pulsed with light, the way they seemed to radiate with energy that called to him. But even that did not explain the feeling that had stolen over him from the moment he had been caught in their violet light.
“Alza... that's what they remind me of. Standing there, so detached from the world, a beacon of cold isolation that scrambles the mind. Yet, like Alza, they all shine with such a beautiful light, a hidden, almost invisible luminescence, that is only visible to those who know where to look. If anyone told me that Alza did not have emotions, I would laugh at them, for they were simply unable to look beneath her cold exterior and see the shining light within. Of course, that very same entrancing light, to some, is a warning beacon, telling them to stay away. I think that she wants to let that light shine, but she is afraid that it will burn too brightly, and scare away everyone around her. And so, she creates an aura of apathy, so as to ensure that no one will come closer enough to be hurt. Well... that's what I'm hoping for anyway. Dad always did say that I tend to over-think things. I mean, for all I know, Alza could really have been born without emotions...”
Barsch suddenly realised that he had stopped walking, and that he had been staring at the cave ceiling for at least several minutes. Alza was a few feet in front of him, looking at him with a gaze that most would call annoyance. Kingston was at his side, with a far more worried countenance.
“Ah, sorry, I was just thinking about something. I'm fine now.”
“Good to hear m'boy. Well, I'll leave you to your thoughts. I guess we can finish our conversation later.” Kingston made almost no attempt to mask his concern, though he did keep to his word about leaving Barsch alone.  While making it appear as if he was inspecting the smooth cave floor, Kingston allowed Barsch to pass him. Out of the corner of his eye, Barsch watched Kingston fall back until he was matching pace with Maloch.
*
Letting the old man go, Barsch tried to focus on walking, but watching his feet quickly became boring. Instead, he decided to speed up, in an effort to catch up to Alza, who had gained quite a lead. Trying to make it as though he was merely heading towards the same destination -the far side of the cavern- he slowly got closer. 
“Do you need something from me?” 
“Well, so much for subtlety.” Out-loud, however, he answered, “Um... just checking in to see if everything is alright?”
“Alright? I fail to see why the status of my well-being is of any concern to you.”
“Well, I guess I was just worried about you... because of the ç’aether. So, if anything is bothering you, or if you saw anything that has upset you... you can tell me.”
“Why do you care? Have I ever done anything that would make it seem as though I needed your reassurance or compassion?”
Barsch felt like slinking back to Kingston and Maloch. He had seen many different sides of Alza in their travels together... admittedly, many of those sides had merely been different shades of apathy, but he had never seen her like this. If he had to judge, her reactions to his presence and her dismissive words would have seemed like anger to most. However, she had proclaimed that she had no capacity for emotions, so something like anger should have been out of the question. So, either he was seeing her first display of human emotions -which even he thought was unlikely- or he was simply mistaking her tone for anger.
“Well, I would like to think that we are fri- alli- compani- fellow travellers, so, obviously your well-being is of great concern to me.”
Although it was almost too quick to catch, the look that appeared on Alza's face was one of confusion. For a moment, her face softened, and another impossible emotion rose to the surface: regret. 
“I... I see. We have travelled together for some time now, so I suppose you are entitled to certain things. To answer your question, I am fine. I have not yet seen any hallucinations, ç'aether-based or otherwise, but I will inform you if that statement becomes untrue. Is that enough to sate your inquisition?”
The difference between her harsh words to what she had just said was too much for Barsch to process, so he meekly said, “Yeah, um... thanks?”
Their conversation unquestionably over, Barsch returned his attention to the scenery. It had changed little since he had last checked, although they had gotten closer to the tunnel opening at the far end of the cavern. The unchanging, pulsing light from above had not wavered, although the constellations of ç'aether had changed too many times to count. Suddenly, a new sound broke into the quietude that had filled in after the conversation had ended. It was faint, but with every step, it grew louder. 
“Kingston, do you hear that?”
The old man had ceased walking, and was now standing several feet away, his head cocked in the direction of the sound. Closing his eyes, he said, “Water, flowing fast. It's close. Fifty, no, forty feet away. Come on.”
Dismissing Kingston's brevity as fatigue, Barsch followed the hermit towards the sound. After a few minutes of scrambling over a particularly rough patch of cave floor, Barsch could also make out the source. The water's gentle yet persistent hum called to his aching bones, while his body realised that it had not rested in some time. And although it was hard to tell how long it had been since they had fought Guardian, Barsch knew that it had been several hours at least. 
After climbing over a jagged mound of rock, Barsch saw it. Half-hidden by a sloping floor, the river was as fast and ferocious as Kingston had foretold. It was at least ten feet wide, and several feet deep. It had carved a path through the granite-like cave floor, probably over several thousands of years, and now ran from one end of the cavern to the other. 
“Ah, just what we need! I don't think anyone would complain if we were to stop here for the night. And after everything that's happened today, I think a good, long rest is in order.”
“You read my mind,” said Barsch, as he allowed his legs to collapse beneath him. While stretching out all of the many aches he had acquired that day, Barsch crawled over to the fast-flowing stream. Without hesitation, he plunged his head in, allowing the cool water to wash away some of his fatigue. Tasting the water, he found it to be a perfect balance between refreshing and soothing. He drank his full, savouring the first real drink he had had since waking from his second cryogenic sleep. When he was finished, he lay back on the cold stone floor, a sense of peace quickly stealing over him.  
After checking the area for any possible threats, Kingston sat down beside him, followed soon after by Maloch. Instead of following suite, Alza chose to stay standing. 
As Kingston went about preparing the meal -a cold soup made from various tins of vegetables and preserved meats- he spoke, “When I was but a lad, and the world had yet to descend into chaos, I had the opportunity to visit the greatest city in the world.”
Barsch, helping Kingston sort out the sealed cans of food, said nothing. If Kingston wanted to tell a tale while he cooked, Barsch would not be the one to stop him. Although he had a feeling he had heard this particular story before.
“I believe I was about twelve at the time; a young boy filled to the brim with ideas and fantasies, ignorant of the truth. I had just finished my schooling for the year, and I was eagerly anticipating my annual meeting with my father.”
“Annual?” Barsch said, before he could stop his treacherous lips.
Kingston, however, did not seem to notice Barsch's slip-up, and continued unabated. “You see, my father was a very important man. He was a great visionary, and an extraordinary scientist. He was knowledgeable about pretty much everything, from biology to string theory, but he never became arrogant or haughty when speaking to someone of lesser status. My mother, may the gods shelter her soul, was a kind woman, but she had no aptitude for science. Instead, she devoted all of her time and effort to raising me, so that my father could continue his work uninterrupted.”
Although Barsch had been listening only half-heartedly, Kingston's childhood story had perked his interest. It was a side of him that he had never seen before, a precious insight into a man he knew so little about. So consumed was he by Kingston's tale, the task of preparing dinner all but evaporated from his mind.
“So, with a mixture of anticipation and anxiety, I set off for the capital of the world: Pure. And let me say this, when I first heard of its stark white buildings and ivory towers, I did not believe. I, who had grown up in a town that was only just big enough to make it onto the map, could not even imagine a place so grand. But, as I stepped off the Mag-Train, I realised how small-minded I had been.”
Barsch, still listening intently to Kingston's every word, felt a presence behind him. Without turning his head, he rolled his eyes, until he could just make out the silhouette of the figure standing behind him. Without making a sound -although Barsch had only ears for Kingston's narration, and would probably not even have noticed anyway- Alza had crept closer. She was now leaning against an errant stalagmite, while casually listening to the story.
“Ah, I can still picture that wondrous place, with its spiralling columns of purest white, and that diverging river that separated its white-washed walls from the rest of the world. At that moment, I fully understood why it had been called the capital of the world, for every nation and culture on the planet was represented. Men and women; scholars; scientists; soldiers; and senators, all gathered together with the common goal of bettering humanity. You should have seen them, mingling and mixing, without a care for race, age or sex. It was the perfect melting pot of ingenuity and will, and, over the years, it gave birth to some of the greatest men and women of all time. But still, I would not want to bore you with the petty details of that grandiose place. I mean, I could speak about the city for days without even covering half of the things that I saw... but, as we are short on time, I will keep my description of the city brief.”
Kingston, while speaking, had still managed to finish preparing the soup, which  now lay forgotten on the cold stone floor. “Anyway, where was I... oh, yes! So, there I was, enraptured by the magnificence of the city before me, when a strange man approached me. He was a tall man, well, I guess most people are tall to a twelve-year old... with deep-set eyes and a short, well-kept beard. Even then, when I was still in awe of the great city around me, he stood out. He was like a force of nature, impossible to resist. At the time, I did not even stop to think about why he was approaching me, or whether or not I should try to escape. I just stood there, waiting for him to speak. And when he finally did, it was not with the harsh, haughty tones of an adult speaking to a child. He spoke to me as if I was his equal, if not his better. And to this day, I have never met anyone who could match him in insight or wisdom. It was as if he could peer into your mind, and read the contents as if they were on public display.”
“Who was he?” Barsch had not realised he had spoken until he heard his own words.
“A great man, who introduced himself as Professor Valmann. He had been sent by my father to find and escort me back to the lab, where they worked. He had been asked by my father to help unravel a mystery that had boggled the greatest scientists for years.”
“What kind of mystery?” He would have been on the edge of his seat, if his seat had had an edge.
“The best kind: one that dwelt on the creation and development of the world. You see, for decades, the top scientists of the world had been puzzled by the apparent acceleration of early human development. They worked out that it should have taken thousands, if not tens of thousands of years, for humanity to reach the level of cultural and technological development which would allow them to build the civilizations that they had. From the ruins found around the world, along with a number of preserved settlements, they estimated a hundred-fold increase in human development as opposed to what they had been expecting to find. Of course, no one knew about the Avatars back then, so the scientists were left clueless, doomed to be forever stumped by the greatest puzzle in human history.”
Barsch had edged closer, wanting to ensure that not a single word was missed. He had always had a fascination with pre-history, which had probably been cultivated by years of wishing to go back in time, to an era without the constant threat of pollution. 
“So did Professor Valmann solve the puzzle? Did he figure it all out?”
Kingston, for the first time since his story began, gave out a long sigh. The look of bliss he had had when remembering Pure had faded, replaced by a visage of guilt and regret. 
“Yes... and no. You see, after he had finished going through all of the official records and classical works, he did something rather unorthodox. He began researching fairy tales and local legends, before moving on to mythological theories about creation and religious texts. From all of these works, he noticed a recurring theme: the personification of nature. They were called many things; divine protectors, spirits of nature, planet-bound gods, though all referred to the same thing: Avatars. The stories he read told of a benevolent race of mystical beings, who had ruled over us from the dawn of time, helping us prosper and grow, while protecting us from harm. And all of the myths had the same thing in common: the abandonment of humanity at the hands of the gods.”
“That sounds like what we saw in the oasis... the Avatars told us that they once guided humanity, before they decided that they were interfering too much and departed. So Professor Valmann discovered the truth about the Avatars?”
“As I said, he had turned to children's fables and unsubstantiated myths to support his theory, a decision which ultimately doomed any chance of the scientific community taking him seriously. They called his theory a joke, and publicly mocked his ideas. And, after making sure that he would never again be able to find work as a scientist, they abandoned him to his fate. My father tried to help him, but he was called away on urgent business, and by the time he returned, Valmann was nowhere to be found.”
“So what happened? Did you ever see him again?”
“I did, but not for many years. After the war had stolen what was left of my innocence, I sought him out, hoping to find someone to teach me how to do things that did not end in death. I searched for a long time, not even knowing if he was alive or dead, or if he would remember me. And, at the end of a tiresome journey, I found him. He had been relegated to teaching children about mundane things like thermodynamics and magnetism. And it was there, in that dusty old study, that my true tutelage began... But I'm afraid that I have prattled on for far too long. That story will have to be for another time.”
“Come on Kingston, tell us more! I want to hear about Professor Valmann.” For a moment, it looked as if Kingston was about to agree to Barsch's request, but a sudden growl from his stomach dashed his hopes. 
“No, I'm afraid that you will faint if we don't get some food into you right away!”
Barsch began to protest, but a second rumble silenced him. His reasonable mind convinced him that eating was more important than listening to Kingston's stories, but not by much. 
“Now, eat your soup before it gets cold... um, colder...”
Barsch ate in silence, pondering the meaning of Kingston's tale. He thought about the fabled city of Pure, and how it had once been the crowning achievement of humanity. His father had once spoken of it, calling it humanity's gravestone, while Yumiere had called it Behemoth Sorrow, though he never did find out why. In either case, the city had been ruined long before he had been born, so the pain of its loss was lessened dramatically. 
Thinking back, he had once heard that the city and its surroundings had been reclaimed by nature, and that's its famous white walls had become draped in green and brown. It was fitting, perhaps, that the first thing to fall to the pollution should be the first to be recovered by the planet. A city-wide metaphor then, of the futility of resisting the natural order, or the karmic irony of humanity's greatest achievement being destroyed by the very thing humanity had sought to control.
But that was all in the past now, and Barsch doubted he would ever get a chance to see the fallen city, or it's broken spires. By the time the rest of humanity had awoken, five centuries from now, the city would be no more than a layer of fertilizer for a new world. It would become a reminder of what nature was capable of, when it was forced to defend itself. 
“It's almost funny. If humans had never built Pure, the toxins it created would never have ruined the land, and it would never have fallen to the resulting blight.”
Once he had finished his meal, Barsch laid down. He felt tired, tired of running, tired of fighting, and tired of watching helplessly as things spiralled out of control. Since he had first awoken, he had never been in full control of his actions. Trying to return to Genesis Station had been his last attempt at doing things his own way, and after that failure, he had simply given up. He had followed Kingston to Carçus because he had felt responsible for taking the old man's medicine. He had followed the Avatar's orders in the desert because he felt it was his duty to protect the human race. And after that was done with? 
Would he just sit around and wait for fate to hand him his next assignment? Or would he try and forge his own path once more, knowing that he would have no one to blame if things went awry? Barsch still did not know the answers to these questions. He knew, somewhere deep down in his heart, that he could not simply follow Kingston, and Alza, and even Maloch forever. Eventually, he would have to make a decision, and he would have to live with it, for the rest of his life.  
With his thoughts muddled and his heart heavy, Barsch allowed sleep to carry him off in its gentle embrace. Around him, Alza and Kingston had already drifted off to sleep, and Maloch had assumed his post. And so, with the violet light of the ç'aether crystals bathing the cave with unnatural light, night fell...
*
Silence. Pure, unchallenged silence. It wraps around me, like a cloak of quietude. I take comfort in it. Hide in it. It protects me, from the terrible world outside. In the darkness, where everything is calm, and nothing ever changes, the silence reigns. I have spent enough time here to know that this is all a dream. The darkness, the sky of spheres, the things that I see... none of them are real. But what is life, if not the prolonged dream of the dying. 
My father once said that some men dream with their eyes open, and that they were to be pitied. For those men, those pitiful men who let their dreams and their realities merge, there was no salvation. Those hopeless men walked through life with half-lidded eyes, lying to themselves about everything. Those that were poor, twisted reality until they were richer than kings. Those that were liars and thieves, believed with all their might that the one's they stole from and tricked deserved to be deceived and robbed. Those that were cruel and violent, convinced themselves that those they hurt and abused would thank them for making them stronger. Have I become one of those men? Have I begun to dream with my eyes open? 
Was it always like this, even when I was younger?
 No. 
Even though I cannot remember them, the dreams I had as a child were never this vivid... this real. Then, something within me must have changed, something that let me see this hidden world of dreams. My awakening? Meeting Kingston? Being chosen by Terra? 
No. I know who is responsible for all of this.
Alza. 
Ever since I met her, things have been different. My dreams have been stranger, the beast has been stronger, and my thoughts have been straggled. Even now, in the one time when I am supposed to be completely alone, she invades. 
“It sickens me, it befouls me, it hurts me.” The voice is not mine, yet it echoes in the darkness, shattering the peaceful silence. 
“I can feel the taint, the corruption, the festering wound. It gives us light, but the light burns away hope. It gives us visions of what is to come, but twists what we see. It traps the corruption, but allows it to condense, until it shatters, releasing the miasma once more.” 
The voice is closer now, it's anger unmistakeable. It speaks of the ç'aether as if it were a living entity, one that seeks our destruction. From the darkness of the void, I look to the spheres above. The voice had come from one of them, though their endless multitudes hide its origin well. This night, unlike the countless others, is different. 
The multi-coloured orbs, which usually glitter in the darkness like stars in the sky have become twisted and disfigured mockeries of their former brilliance. They hang in the light-less sky, like victims of the hangman's noose. Blacks, reds, and putrid yellows mar their contorting surfaces. 
“The corruption is everywhere, it erodes me, it sickens me, it kills me!” One of the corrupted spheres detaches from the masses, it's shell completely black, yet still visible in the void. From its surface, oily bubbles rise and burst, like the surface of a vat of boiling tar. I can't move. It comes closer. I am helpless. 
“It hunts us, even here. Even in our dreams, even in this place, it breaks us. What can we do? We must not let it find us. We are weak here, and it is strong. We cannot dream. We cannot sleep. We cannot escape it, not now, not ever.” 
The tone of the voice has changed. It was angry at first, but fear resonates throughout its words. Fear of the miasma. Fear of the ç'aether. Silently, the midnight black orb approaches. I am certain now that the voice came from within. I must know why it is so afraid. 
Without resistance, I allow the dark sphere to swallow me. Silence. In here, in this pitch-black place, silence rules unopposed. Once more, it brings me comfort. It rejuvenates my weary spirit. It heals my broken heart. 
“Even in here, where we should be safe... we are not. These walls of darkness will not hold for long. Before they collapse, you must leave this place.” The speaker of the voice stands in the centre of the sphere. Perhaps I had known from the beginning. Perhaps I had known all along. The Beast. Lanista. My Violence. The Blue-eyed wolf. It goes by many names, but they all refer to the thing standing before me. Never before have I seen it so frail... so weak. Even now, it shies away from my glare. It is afraid. I am afraid. The sooner I get out of this place... the faster I can get away from the ç'aether... the better... 
*
Meanwhile, a few feet away, Kingston was struggling with his own demons...
“And then you take the substrate out of the centrifuge for processing. Do you understand what I just said?” 
Ah, how many years has it been, since I last heard that voice? I know that this is a dream, but it is also one of my precious few happy memories. I am standing in Professor Valmann's study, watching him unravel the secrets of the universe. He is radiant, even in his old age. While those who once worked with him have laboured in futility, he has excelled. Instead of reaching his limits, he has broken through them. 
Here, in this dusty, far too small study, he is achieving things that I had never even considered possible. And yet, I have seen how the teachers here look at him... how they pity him. They call him a failure, a charlatan whose greatest gift to the scientific world was a theory based on fairy tales. But I know the truth. I have looked into his eyes, and seen his research, and I know that what he speaks of exists. These creatures, these beings of nature who shaped our entire existence, they are out there.
All we need to do is figure out a way to prove that they exist, and then come up with a way to communicate with them. And perhaps, if they are as powerful as Valmann thinks they are, then maybe they will be able to help us. It would be retribution for all of his suffering, if his findings led to the salvation of the world. Oh, how I cannot wait for that day, when the ones who shamed him bow before him. And they will weep then, for all of the destruction that could have been avoided, if they had only listened to him. If only that day would come quickly.
Sigh. But even if it does, I doubt it will go as well as I hope. Even if we could rid the world of the pollution that is killing it, too many have died. Even if every person who mocked my master were to beg for forgiveness, it would not bring back the dead. Even if there was a way to undo all of the damage caused by the pollution, the people I loved would not be returned to me. 
I think that Professor Valmann knows this. I can see it in him, even if he cannot see it himself. I think that he holds himself accountable, for not trying hard enough, for not figuring out a way to stop the blight. This is a dream, but my feelings are real. This is a dream, but it feels so real. This is a dream, but I cannot escape what will happen next.
Like a dying flame, the memory of Professor Valmann fades away, replaced by a memory that I wish I could forget. Rain falls incessantly, each dark droplet beating a haunted tune on the bare soil. The rain hides my tears. The rain hides my pain. The shallow grave is all I could manage alone. It's the end of the world, so coffins are cheap, and funerals quick. 
My mentor, the man who taught me how to peer behind the stage curtain of the universe, has become yet another casualty in a war that cannot be won. I am the only one who cared about him... the only one who stood by his side as he whispered his last words. It's not fair. 
It's NOT FAIR! 
The greatest man of our time dies in obscurity, while the ignorant masses he worked to save are spared! This world is wrong...
EVERYTHING is wrong! All he ever did was try to help people; try to make a better future after they broke the present... and what did he get? A peasant’s burial... no, even peasants were treated better than this. He died a dog's death. But I will not let this be the end... I will continue his legacy... I will fight for his dream... I will make them see... that he was right, and that they were wrong. 
I will save them all, and make them bow down before me and beg for forgiveness. Professor Valmann, you were like a second father to me... I will never forget you, or your teachings... and I will live on in your stead... For everything that this world has done to us, for all the pain, for all the suffering, for all the death, I will make it RIGHT! 
This day might be your last, but for me, it is the beginning... the beginning of the war. I will fight their lies and untruths not with fire and steel; but with knowledge and logic... I will show the people of this world that nature must be respected, not  feared... I will show the leaders of this world that we must mend our ways, not run and hide from the problems they bring. I will show them all that your theory was right, and through it... I will show them the way to a better future...
*
“Kingston, are you alright?” Barsch's worried face was the first thing Kingston saw as he awoke, the anxious youth's face filling his entire field of view. The boy bore the signs of a harsh night, but Kingston knew better than to pry into the affairs of others. Without answering him, Kingston rolled over to his side, while his sluggish brain tried to think of a plausible lie. As he began to sit up, he came up with, “I'm fine m'boy, just a little bit tired. You know, us old men need more sleep than you energetic youngsters!” 
For a moment, it looked as if Barsch was going to say something about how transparent Kingston's lie was, but the boy held his tongue. Perhaps he too had been told not to delve to deeply into other people's problems? Whatever the case, he left Kingston and moved over to Alza. 
The ghostly girl did not appear to have slept at all, and not even her cold demeanour could hide those bags under her violet eyes. Kingston could not hear what she said to Barsch, but whatever it was, it made him leave in a mighty hurry. The inquisitive boy then headed towards Maloch, who was already up and waiting for the organic life-forms to move. They conversed for a while, but in the end, Barsch left him and walked over to the river. It was apparent that no one in the group -save for Barsch- was in any mood to talk. 
Kingston's reason for his reticent behaviour was his still fresh dream, and he guessed that Alza's had something to do with being left alone. However, these were both superficial reasons. The true reason for their uncommunicative behaviours? They were tired. All of them, even the stoic Maloch. Barsch too, although it did not appear as though his body had gotten the message yet. This journey of theirs, this quest given by the beings who the Gods prayed to, had worn them down. It was supposed to be simple, and yet so much had happened... and so many hardships had been encountered, that Kingston had a hard time deciding whether the Avatars were sadistic, or if they simply did not care. 
After packing away his things and washing off in the river, Kingston was ready to head out. Barsch, having realised that no one was in a talkative mood, had become contemplative. He was walking at the back of their impromptu formation, giving him time and space aplenty to think his brooding thoughts. Alza, on the other hand, took up her spot at the front of the pack. 
To most, it would seem like she was always at the front because she wanted to reach their destination first, but Kingston knew better. Sure, she might want to reach her goal faster, but what she was aiming for was miles apart from what the rest of them were moving towards. She wanted a past. She wanted to discover who she was, and who she had been, and she was more than willing to use them to achieve her goal. 
She had displayed her true nature several times in the past, when she had abandoned them in favour of more promising paths, although she had always come back… Still, she was not to be trusted. And if the opportunity came for her to learn her true past when the rest of them needed her, Kingston had little doubt which path she would choose. 
With Alza leading the way, and Barsch acting as rear-guard, Kingston and Maloch were left in the middle. They walked in silence for most of the journey towards the caves, with only the fading sound of flowing water to break the stillness. Around them, the high cavern walls began to slope downwards, forming a valley of rock and crystal. The ç'aether, oblivious to the group travelling in their midst, continued to pulse with their unnatural light. The violet glow settled over everything, making it hard to distinguish between solid floors and unstable pits. At Kingston's admonition, they slowed their pace, so as to avoid any pit related accidents.
Left to his own devices, Kingston allowed his mind to wander. “If only Professor Valmann could see me now. I wish I could go back in time and say, you were right... about everything. The Avatars exist, and I've met them. They were our kings, our gods, once upon a time. They led us. They moulded us. They uplifted us from our crude, primitive beginnings and gave us the tools and knowledge with which to make our civilization great. Without them, we might still be pottering around in the darkness. Without them, we might not have made it this far.”
A brief image flashed across his mind: a madman wielding thunder and lightning with maniacal glee. If he was also an Avatar, then there might be others who shared his view of  humanity. Despicable vermin who needed to be crushed. One of them had almost killed them with barely any effort. He did not even want to imagine that grey-eyed man having allies. The thought was just too upsetting.
 And yet, they are not without their faults,” he thought, reflecting on Ion and Terra’s actions, “They are arrogant, in a way. Although it is an arrogance born from having spent who knows how long ruling over us. I guess, to them, commanding humans must just come naturally. Oh how I wish you could see us now... The human race has been decimated and the planet which gave birth to us is now in the throes of death. I wish you could see us... I wish you could see our folly. I wish I could see you again, so that I could throw myself at your feet and beg for forgiveness. You see... I failed. I failed you, and I failed to uphold your legacy. That promise I made that day? I could not keep it. No matter how hard I tried, they would not listen. No matter how much I did, they would not change. No matter how tirelessly I worked, they would not accept me. I failed to save them. I failed to save you. I watched as they built their stations and I wept as they sealed themselves in their prisons of steel and frost...”
Kingston, still deep in thought, happened to catch sight of something peculiar. From a nearby ç'aether cluster's reflective surface, he saw Barsch's image appear. It was nothing more than a mirror image, though the boy's figure was somewhat distorted and discoloured by the crystal's multifaceted shape. Seeing his young protégé sparked a new thought in Kingston's guilt-ridden mind. 
“But things are different now. I have another chance to make things right! My generation failed this world, but Barsch's will save it. He is stronger than I ever was. Strong enough to do what has to be done. And through him, I will find redemption... for all my sins. It will be hard, and he may come to resent me after all this is done, but it will be worth it. If I can save just one person, if I can enlighten just one individual... then His work will not have been in vain. My time is almost over, but his is just beginning. I will help him save the world, and maybe, if it is at all possible... he could help me save myself.”
With his thoughts finally sorted out, Kingston allowed his mind to drift back to reality. There, he found that things had changed greatly. They were far closer to the cave wall, and the tunnels that pierced the sheer façade. Each tunnel was remarkably uniform in size and shape, with the majority standing roughly twelve feet from floor to ceiling, and wide enough for them to walk two-abreast. Inside, their smooth walls were studded with smaller ç'aether deposits, which brought a dim, violet light to the dark tunnels. The four of them stood there, pondering their next move.
Eventually, Barsch said what they were all thinking, “So, which one do we take?” 
Kingston had been trying to make that very decision, but without concrete data on the tunnel lay-out, whatever he said was going to be a shot in the dark. Instead of just guessing, he turned to Maloch and said, “Maloch, can you run a scan on the tunnel system? I want to know which one will take us to the exit the fastest.”
Maloch stepped forward, his yellow-tinted eyes seeing things that no one else could. “Scanning the tunnels at all frequencies. Ultra-violet... failed. X-ray... failed. Red-shift... failed. Continuing scan at the visible spectrum... all scans failed. Error. Error. Quantum interference detected on all frequencies. Error. Back-ground radiation at ten times the norm. Error. Unidentifiable permutations in the immutable laws of physics detected. Error. Unknown energy source detected. Mapping of tunnel system failed. Switching to hard-light back-up.”
The re-mech did not need to say anything more. Once again, the ç’aether was making progress difficult. “So we have no idea where any of these tunnels lead?”
“Affirmative. I apologize for my ineptitude.”
“It's not your fault, Maloch. I guess we'll just have pick at random...”
“It's this way.” Alza was standing by one of the tunnels, tapping her foot impatiently. The entrance was identical to all the others, but somehow, Barsch knew that it was the right one. 
However, Kingston did not have that kind of faith. “How do you know?” he asked, in a rather rude tone.
“I just... know,” Alza replied, her tone brooking no argument.
For a moment, it looked as if Kingston was going to question her, but instead he said, “Well, I suppose your guess is as good as any. And if we hit a dead-end, we can always just return here and try again.”
Alza ignored Kingston's doubting tone, opting instead to enter the tunnel alone. After a few seconds of indecision, Barsch joined her. Maloch came next, followed by a still somewhat reluctant Kingston. The tunnel itself was rather plain in comparison to the cavern, with the ç'aether studded walls it's only redeeming feature. It reminded Kingston of their mind-numbing trek through the service tunnels of Revelation Station. Despite their brief exchange moments before, the silence quickly reclaimed it's throne, leaving the group to travel in a state of reticence. 
*
Slightly more than an hour later, nothing had changed. The silence had begun to feel heavy, and it weighed down on Kingston’s aching shoulders. With Alza still several minutes ahead, and Barsch unapproachable, it was up to Kingston to lift the veil of noiselessness. However, as he opened his mouth to speak, it was Maloch who beat him to it. 
“Kingston, can I have a moment of your time?”
Kingston, his auto-piloted feet still carrying him forward, could only nod in affirmation. 
“There is something I have been meaning to ask you, but I'm afraid I have not found the right time, until now, that is.”
Another nod from Kingston.
“Very well. You see, some time ago, when I was in the process of accessing Guardian's databank, I found a term that was unfamiliar to me. And from what I could gleam from its corresponding data, it had something to do with the application of advanced scientific technologies. And so I immediately thought of asking you, seeing as you have quite an extensive background involving such technologies.”
Kingston thought that he already knew where Maloch was heading, but he had to hear the re-mech say it aloud. “So, what was the term?”
“Project Seraphim.”
Without meaning to, Kingston drew in a large breath. He had thought he would never hear those words again, and to hear them coming from a re-mech only added to his surprise. A dozen lies raced through his mind, before the truth blind-sided him and escaped his lips. “I know of it... Well, I mean, just the basics really. Um, let's see... Project Seraphim was one of the Larkhesis plans.”
“I know of those. They were a set of anti-pollution counter-measures, were they not?”
“Indeed. Although the only one that succeeded was the Cryogenesis project, which is responsible for Barsch's current predicament. Anyway, the Larkhesis plans all had one thing in common: a way to ensure the continued existence of the human race. Project Seraphim, if my memory serves me correctly, focused mainly on genetic manipulation.”
“To what end?”
“Well, back before things got really bad, there were a few people who believed that instead of removing the pollution, we should have embraced the opportunity to further our evolution. Using the pollution as a means to an end, the scientists in charge of the project sought to alter our DNA; in order to make us more resilient to the devastating effects of the pollution. And, at the same time, they were trying to enhance other aspects of our physiology. Although the details I have are sparse and comprising mostly of rumours, a few terms crop up again and again. Things like accelerated healing, heightened senses and improvements in mental capacity were said to be common side-effects of the treatments.”
“Accelerated healing? Is that not similar to what we observed in Barsch, when he was injured? Is it not possible that he was one of the subjects in Project Seraphim?”
Kingston did not even need to consider the re-mech's suggestion. Immediately, he replied, “No... no, I don't think that that's possible. For starters, Project Seraphim ended after only two years of human trials, right after the fall of Pure. Even if Barsch had been entered into the program at the youngest possible age -which would have been illegal, mind you- the time difference is simply too great. And besides, Project Seraphim was shut down immediately after the Zeta Incident, right after the U.N.O.E banned all genetic experimentation and human alterations. So no, I don't think that Barsch has been... altered... in any way. If he heals quicker than most, then it's probably nothing more than a combination of youthful vigour and good genes.”
“I see. I guess I was mistaken.” However, Maloch had the creeping suspicion that Kingston was once more hiding something from him. From what he knew of the Larkhesis plans, they had been top-secret, at a level where even mentioning them could lead to life imprisonment, or permanent exile. And here Kingston was calmly revealing detailed knowledge on the plans, including their goals and methods. Whoever he really was, Kingston was not a man to be taken lightly. Maloch knew that Kingston was dangerous in his own way, but he had not yet decided if he was an ally... or a threat.
Kingston took the re-mech's apology, though he did not truly see why he need apologize at all. For the next few hours, he exchanged a few words with the re-mech, but they were mostly hollow, empty words, that existed only to keep one's mind busy. Around them, the surroundings varied little, as the tunnel wound and twisted through the rock. They had passed several side-tunnels and bifurcations in the path, but Alza had never once wavered. Without even looking, she would pick one, and continue her tireless trek. She exuded confidence in her every choice, making it hard for Kingston to question her about her decisions. 
It was hard to tell exactly how much time had passed, given that everything looked alike. The shimmering walls studded with ç'aether did not help either, as their endless pulsing patterns brought on a trance like state. Kingston observed it to be somewhat like hypnotism, which he had once experienced first-hand as the result of a back-fired childhood prank. And so, without a means to accurately tell how much time had passed, it became harder to gauge how far they had come. Although Kingston's aching muscles told him that they had been walking for at least several hours, his stiffening joints and creaking bones failed to keep an accurate count. 
*
And so, when they finally emerged in a rather large cave, Kingston did not know whether to collapse from exhaustion or merely stop to catch his breath. In the end, he made a compromise and collapsed to catch his breath. While he did so, he took note of his new surroundings. The cave they had entered was somewhat strange, now that his eyes had had enough time to adjust to the half-gloom. It had a high, domed ceiling, which matched the circular nature of the room. The walls of the cave were covered in ç'aether ‘vines’ which criss-crossed one another to make intricate -if unplanned- patterns. However, it was the centre of the room that was most unusual. It was raised, like a stone dais, and it held two exceptionally large ç'aether crystals. They had erupted from the earth mere inches from one another, and had both ended after roughly ten feet. This in itself was not that unusual, but it was their shape which Kingston found most strange. 
To Kingston, they looked like a pair of thrones. The bases of both crystals were flat, while the ‘backs’ were staggered in several layers. About a foot and a half off of the ground, the crystals once more became flattened, with raised portions on either side that looked remarkably similar to arm rests. Above the chair portions of the crystals, the ç'aether continued on for a few more feet, before ending in two jagged points.
“Kingston, those look like-
“Thrones, yes m'boy, I see it too.”
“But how?” Barsch, having entered the room shortly after Alza, was already beside the nearest ‘throne’. The youth was examining the oddly shaped crystal with a mixture of curiosity and excitement. 
“Thoughts?” asked Maloch, moving closer to the centre of the cave.
“Many. Maloch, what are the chances that two ç’aether crystals could take on that exact shape?”
“Taking into account the wide range of unknowns concerning ç’aether formation, and factoring in the endless range of shapes that they could take... not to mention the fact that both crystals took on the same, identical appearance... calculating.... error. The odds of this happening in real life are incalculable. Result: the formations we see before us cannot possibly exist.”
“And yet here we are... Well, this wouldn't be the first time that we've encountered something that could not exist...”
“I suppose we must take some credit for that, exile.” The disembodied voice had come from the thrones. Kingston had heard it enough times to recognize it as Terra's, which meant that Ion was most likely there as well.
A heartbeat later, her smooth voice proved his theory. “True, if we had not interfered, their journey would have been a lot less memorable. But what's done is done. We have altered their fates, for better or for worse.”
An instant later, the two Avatars were just there. It was as if the universe had been shifted, from one where they weren't in the cave, to one where they were. They sat, with the kind of posture reserved for gods and kings, or in their case, both. The thrones beneath them matched their bodies perfectly, as if they had been sculpted for them, which Kingston was now considering as a serious possibility. 
“I do not know whether to congratulate you all on making it this far, or scolding you for taking so long, so I will do both. You have weathered many trials and hardships to make it here, but you have also wasted precious time on pointless excursions.”
Kingston somehow already knew what they were talking about. With anger building in his heart, he spoke, “Pointless? You think that saving Barsch was pointless!? He was only injured because you sent us on this bloody quest!”
“Please, do not misunderstand my words. I did not mean to say that he should not have been healed, I merely meant to point out that you took the more time-consuming option in healing him.”
Alza and Maloch had drawn back, closer to Kingston, but Barsch remained where he was, at the base of the thrones. With confusion in his voice, Kingston asked, “What do you mean? We had no options! The only way to heal him was with the Station's facilities!”
“Do you not have one among you who has the capacity to heal any injury? Or was I mistaken?” 
There was no need for the Avatar to specify who he had meant. Simultaneously, Kingston and Barsch shifted their gazes towards Alza. She met their gazes with a cold glare of her own. “I tried to heal him at the time, but I was unable to activate my abilities. There was nothing I could do...”
“Ah... well, if you truly believe that, then I will repeal my earlier comment.” Kingston's gaze did not leave Alza. If anything, it intensified as his mistrust of her grew. Apathetic to the deteriorating group relationship, Terra continued, “Still, it is unfortunate that you have chosen this path. Had you made it through the city without incident, you would have been left with a rather short and uneventful journey to your final destination. Instead, we find you here, in these less than stellar conditions.”
“What do you mean? Does that mean that we're almost at the end of our journey? And why is this the lesser path?” Barsch asked, still not moving from his spot. 
It was Ion who answered, speaking for the second time since her appearance. “So many questions for one so young. What my brother meant is that fate has chosen to place you on the harder of two paths. Your escape from that cryogenic station was no easy feat, was it not? And this place, this cave of dreams, is no better. In here, you will face your darkest nightmares, brought to life and given form by these abominations of nature. However, if you can survive and reach the surface, you will have gained something that you would not have achieved on the other path.”
“And what will that be?” Alza's voice was beyond cold. It was if her very presence was robbing the atmosphere of heat and warmth. Without thinking, Barsch shivered.
“That is something for you to discover on your own. And to answer your friend's -Alza grimaced as the word was spoken- question, you are almost there. Beyond this detestable cave lies a snow-capped valley, and it is there that you will find the answers you seek.” 
“Sister, you say too much. We must keep our interference to a minimum. You know as well as I do that He will not tolerate our meddling in human affairs. We have delivered the warning about the cave, we should leave them.”
It was the first time Barsch had ever seen the two of them argue. It was unnerving, to say the least. Adding to his worries was the fact that there appeared to be someone who even the Avatars were afraid of. It was like finding out that the god that you had been worshipping all your life was actually the heavenly equivalent of a steward.
“Wait! Before you go, at least tell us the identity of this madman you want us to stop. Have we not earned that much? For heaven's sake, Barsch almost died!” Kingston's anger was not unexpected, but the fact that it was directed to beings who were basically gods was rather unanticipated. Still, Barsch had to admire the old man for his tenacity.
For a moment, it appeared as though Terra would simply dismiss the hermit's comment, or worse, punish him for his impetuosity. Instead, he rose from his crystal throne and said, “We have not told you about the madman because his identity is not important. Believe me, nothing good can come from knowing who he is.”
“Nevertheless, we have a right to know.” Alza's voice was the last thing Barsch had expected to hear, but after Kingston's challenge, he had been ready for anything.
Once again, Terra answered in a level tone, “No, child of science, you do not.”
It was a tense few seconds that followed, as Barsch wondered whether or not Alza would be foolish enough to attack the Avatar. After a few more strangled seconds, it became evident that she would not. However, she did manage to score a direct hit in another way. “If you do not wish to be open with us, then what is there preventing us from abandoning this mission of yours?”
Now Barsch could see it, the faintest traces of anger in Terra's eyes. It was obvious that the Avatar was not used to being challenged, but his reasons for not telling them did seem uncharacteristically childish. 
“Maybe we were wrong about them? I mean, we're probably the first humans that they've spoken too in who knows how long. They speak to us in voices used to being obeyed without question. And besides, in the end, they want the same thing as us: to heal the planet.”
“You test my patience, daughter of none. Do not forget, we are the only ones who know who you really are. And if you want to find out, then I suggest you keep quiet and follow our orders.”
Alza took a step forward, and Barsch once more began to wonder whether or not she would attack. He had never seen her so... infuriated. However, the words that came out of her mouth next shocked even him. “If that is how it's going to be, then I do not want your help. If you will not tell us anything about the madman, then I will seek my answers elsewhere.” Barsch was stupefied. He could not believe he was hearing Alza threaten to walk away from the only lead she had about her past life.
Ion spoke then, her voice filled with compassion, and maybe... pity? “Brother... maybe we should just tell her? I mean, if anyone deserves to know who the madman was, it's her. Could we not be lenient with them, just this once?”
In an instant, Terra's anger evaporated. However, it was replaced by something else entirely: fatigue. It was obvious to Barsch -who had always had a gift with seeing hidden emotions- that the Avatar had asked the same questions of himself. 
Weary from their prolonged stay, Terra said, in a voice that was tired of arguing, “Sister, if I could tell them everything, I would, but you know as well as I do that we cannot. We have changed their fates; altered their destinies; all in our selfish pursuit. To say anything else to them would only serve to further derail their lives. And the stakes are too high for me to allow that. Come now Sister, let us leave this accursed place.”
Ion gave Alza another of her trademark pitying/compassion-filled glances, before vanishing from sight. She left as she had come, in an instant. However, something caused Terra to linger. The Avatar had already become intangible, with only his outline to tell of his continued presence. Instead of leaving them, he now rested his gaze squarely on Barsch, “Tell me, Barsch La Tergan, Widow's son, are you winning the battle with your Beast?” And with those words -and without waiting for an answer- the Avatar departed. 
For nearly a minute, no one spoke. With the sole exception of Maloch, every occupant of the room was focused on deciphering the Avatar's comments or, in Alza's case, silently fuming over Terra's unhelpful words. When the minute ended, no one was any closer to understanding the Avatars, or their motives. Thankfully, it seemed as though Kingston and Alza had forgotten about Terra's last question, which meant that Barsch would not have to explain its meaning. Although the mere fact that the Avatar was aware of the Beast was troubling enough.
After another full minute, Kingston cleared his voice and said, “Well... um... I guess that's that, so... I don't think anyone will be against leaving this cave as soon as possible?”
As he had reasoned, there was no argument against leaving. With the crystal thrones glowing dimly behind them, they left the room. In it, they had learnt much, and yet, at the same time, they were left with more questions than before. They still did know who the madman was, nor did they know the Avatar's reason for choosing them to face him. However, there was one piece of information that was more important -at least for the moment- than either of those things: they had almost reached the end. For Barsch, that meant making the decision that he had been struggling with for most of their journey: stay with Kingston or go back in the pod? For Alza, it meant -hopefully- finding out who she was, her past, and what her future held. Maloch had only a life of slavery to return to, but he did not let that bother him, after all, it was what he had been built for. And as for Kingston? Not even he knew what would happen when it was all over. 
*
Beyond the throne room lay more tunnels, yet these were a welcome sight after everything that had happened. The tunnel they soon found themselves in was rather bland, as even the ever plentiful ç'aether were sparse, and apparently dimmer than before. The path had not changed much, although it did seem to slope upwards more often, which Barsch thought was a good sign. 
“Sigh. I feel so... tired. Why can't we ever catch a break, huh? I mean, ever since I was injured, it's been one thing after another. First we had that homicidal A.I. to worry about, and then we find ourselves in a cave packed with ç’aether, which has already started messing with my dreams, and then, after all that, we meet the Avatars again. And, instead of just letting them give their warning, Alza and Kingston have to pick a fight with them.”
Reaching up, Barsch felt himself rubbing his eyes. Everything felt… strange. It was as if he was looking at himself from a long way away. The young man he saw now looked ready to drop at any moment. From his limp limbs to his half-lidded eyes, everything screamed exhaustion. Except the man of course, who did not look capable of producing even a whisper.
 “Ah... seriously, why am I so tired all of a sudden. And then I have to deal with Terra telling everyone about the Beast, as if I didn't have enough to worry about already! I know it's been getting worse lately, but what can I do about it? I've tried Kingston's method, and it didn't work. The moment I let it take over, I lose all control, and it's  all I can do to stop myself from hurting them... And this ç’aether sure isn't helping... argh! It feels like my legs are made of lead... why can't we just stop and rest for a while, huh? Always moving, never stopping.... through fire, through ice, through deepest despair, never lose your stride, right?” 
His vision was already more dark than light, but something pierced through the growing darkness. An image. A memory. A reminder. His father, standing beside him, telling him the words that he would remember for the rest of his life. 
“Well dad, I've weathered a lot more than some fire, ice and despair so far! I mean, honestly! In the past month, I've narrowly escaped exploding cities, walked through a desert with a broken leg, fought off an entire pack of cóyotl, fallen down a waterfall, faced down a dire wolf and had most of my back burnt off by acid rain! Haven't I earned a rest? Haven't I earned a dreamless sleep?” 
He was arguing with himself, which was never a good sign. And worse, he was losing. “Wow, I must really be burnt out... Ha ha, burnt… get it? I'm sure the universe won't mind if I just lay down... just for a second…”
With the speed of continental drift and the sound of flesh hitting rock, Barsch collapsed to the floor. As his brain switched to standby, he heard someone calling his name. 
*
 Avatars. Fire. Despair. Alza. Father. Darkness. Dreams. Hope. Pain. Ice. Tired. Crystals. Moonlight. Maloch. Kingston. Protect. Suffer. Sin. Stride. Yumiere. Rigel. Guilt. Gods. Thrones.  
Too much. It's all too much. I need to sleep. I need to dream. NO! If I dream, I'm at risk. Can't stay awake forever. What if I'm dreaming now? What if everything has been a dream?
Guardian. Sentinel. Corruption. Pollution. Mother. The Glade. Crimson-Eyes. Terra. Violet. Nightmares. Fear. Power. Alza. Alza! ALZA!
“What?” The voice was unmistakeably Alza's, although it was a lot closer than Barsch was used to. The owner of the voice was kneeling beside Barsch as he awoke, both of them wearing a look of surprise. Hers faded first.
“Hermit, he's up.” Without looking back, Alza left Barsch's side. For a millisecond, Barsch could have sworn that he saw a flash of annoyance warp her pretty face, but she was gone before he could be sure. Kingston passed her on the way to Barsch, and his annoyance at her presence was far more obvious. However, as he approached Barsch, the look took on more of a compassionate yet worried nature.
“What... what happened?” Barsch tried to sit up, but it was if a solid weight was pressing down on his stomach, keeping him pinned to the floor.
“You collapsed m'boy, right there in the tunnel. Me, Maloch and the girl were further up when it happened, so we didn't notice at first. But the girl must have heard you or something, because she suddenly turned around and headed back. A few seconds later, she came back, dragging you along behind her. She hasn't left your side since.”
“How long was I out?” Time was impossible to measure in the tunnels, but Barsch internal clock told him that it had been a few hours at least.
“Almost three hours! You had me worried for a while there m'boy. Maloch said that there was nothing physically wrong with you, but I told him that not all injuries are physical. And personally, I think it's amazing that you've lasted this long! I mean, you healed from an injury that would have put most men out for six months, if not more, in only a few days! And these energy sapping ç'aether crystals can't be helping either.”
“What do you mean?” Barsch had regained just enough energy to raise his head. When he recovered from the recoil of that action, he began to take in his new surroundings. It was another cave, not unlike the one that had held the crystal thrones, except this one had ç'aether running along the ground, as well as in the walls. Maloch had taken up station by the furthest entrance, while Alza gone back to her already laid out bedroll.
Seeing Barsch's wandering gaze, Kingston explained, “We decided to sleep here for the night, you know, give you a chance to rest. Well, I guess we all need some down time... ha ha...” 
Barsch said nothing, giving Kingston a chance to continue, “And about the whole sapping energy, well, it has to do with a theory of mine. You see, I think the ç'aether act as energy containers, storing up various forms of energy, or, in some cases, pollution, and slowly amplifying and redistributing it. The things they make us see are probably just by-products of the whole process. And, I have a hunch that the ç'aether on the surface have been corrupted somehow by the pollution, making it so that they store up the energy without letting any leak out, until they reach critical mass and explode, forming origin points. You know, pure, concentrated balls of pollution and radiation, which accelerate the spread of any nearby pollutants. If I could somehow figure out a way to create a natural ç'aether, one that recycles pollution into energy, we might be able to- Ah, you're probably still tired, and I should let you rest.”
Barsch could do nothing but meekly nod in approval. What little strength he had left had been used up while raising his head. With an apologetic look and a firm pat on his shoulder, Kingston left Barsch's side. The old hermit wandered over to Maloch and, after whispering something to the re-mech, returned to his bedroll. Barsch could do nothing but relax and let his head hit his bundled coat -which made for an excellent replacement pillow- while his thoughts began to meander. 
He thought about the Avatar's warning, and the Beast's fear, and his own apprehensions about falling asleep. Somehow he knew that his dreams that night would be bad. Already, he was mentally preparing himself for the things that would haunt him for days to come. Would it be the crimson eyed man? Or Raigan, and his piercing bolts of lightning. Perhaps it would be a twisted memory? Yumiere's death had always found a way into his dreams before he met Alza. 
But he knew, in his heart, that it would be the Beast that would ravage his mind that night. It was different from the others. It came from within. And even though it was the least real of the options, it had always terrified him the most. It represented his guarded thoughts, his carnal desires, and he had given it a form, and a name. Still, there was always the chance that his night would contain no dreams. There was a chance that his mind would not be tortured once more by visions of the past. Even though it was the most unlikely thing, he had to have hope... he had to believe in a world where dreams were not things to be feared or avoided... a world where he would be free from his demons... his sins...
*
Well... so much for that. Okay, complete darkness. Same old, same old. Now, what's it going to be? The Beast? Rigel? That time I cried in front of my dad after Yumiere's funeral? Wow, now that was scary. Okay, the darkness is fading. The void is filling in slowly as the sphere's approach. The dreamscape is all around me and my greenish-blue sphere is coming closer. I can feel it's pull... it's inescapable gravity. It's a part of me, I know that now. I feel… peace. For the first time in my life, there is no conflict, no pain. The sphere is here, ready to swallow me whole... ready to send me into a dream...
SLUMBER.
The glade. Always the glade. It stretches out into infinity, the logic found only in dreams giving it impossible proportions. A thought flies through my mind. A single image of a starry sky, filled with strange, multi-coloured spheres. As quickly as it came, the image is gone, leaving only emptiness. Strange. In this place... in this glade of dreams... I normally feel fear, or apprehension, but all I feel now is a sense of peace. Has it really been so long since I've been truly happy? 
Have I even forgotten how it feels to relax and let the troubles of the world pass me by? The peaceful glade baffles my mind, but I find it hard to care. Why should I worry about it? Perhaps this is a godsend? A normal, everyday dream, filled with nothing but stray thoughts and fragmented memories?
“Barsch?” The voice that calls my name reminds me of birdsong and roses. The voice is light, warm, and above all, near. I turn, and the glade turns with me. 
There. Standing at the edge of the glade. The moonlight hits her perfectly, framing her slender figure in ivory ribbons. Her hair is darker, and her eyes have become a deep shade of amber, almost gold, but she is Alza. 
A small smile dances on her lightly tanned face, and I know that it is for me. Alza, smiling? The thought flashes across my mind for an instant, but I squash it down immediately. Why shouldn't she smile? After that long journey, through all of those hardships... we faced the madman, and we won. 
And when everything was over, Alza remembered who she was, and who she had been. A normal girl. A normal, kind girl who loved to smile. A normal, sweet girl who felt the same way about me as I did about her. The day that she first smiled at me. The day that she first smiled for me. Is the happiest day of my life. 
And Kingston, when he apologized for all his rudeness and mistrust. This happiness is real. This place, this glade where we come to be alone. All of it is real. She steps forward, her shyness only accenting her beauty. She is wearing a dress of purest white. It completes her, just as she completes me. I could stay here forever, in this quiet, happy glade. I could stay here forever, just her and I, until the world ends. I could stay here forever, in this peaceful, perfect place...
*
On the other side of the veil of sleep, something was happening to the ç'aether. The rune like formations pulsed with an erratic beat, while the violet light went from non-existent to blinding and back again. If any of the group had been awake to witness it, they would have known that something was wrong, terribly wrong.
The darkness beckons. It holds me. It embraces me. In here, in the void, I am truly alone. The boy, the hermit, the re-mech... All are far away. I am free of their meddling, of their... emotions. In here, I find peace.
I reach forward, into the darkness. Cold glass reaches back. Panic fills my mind, as I struggle against my bonds. It's cold in here, a piercing, bone-chilling cold. Suddenly, a violet liquid fills the void, suffocating me. The glass is all around me. I'm caged. Trapped. 
I try to call out, but the gel fills my mouth, choking me. Fear. Confusion. Terror. I know that I should be feeling something... anything, but I just... can't. Through the murky gloom, I can barely make out the shadow of a man. He is standing in front of my... pod? The word sounds right. The man is speaking, saying things to me that I cannot understand. His words are heavy on my mind, and I can feel them setting into my soul. 
Soul? Another word that simply pops into my head. Even though I cannot understand what the man is saying, his words sound so... important. I have no strength with which to fight them. I can only obey. I know in my heart, that I will do whatever he asks of me. If he speaks to me, if he commands me, I can do anything. 
This is a realisation that should shake me to the core, but it all feels so... right, like everything is how it should be. With weak fists I pound the glass, trying with all my might to get closer to my master. He is so close now. 
If only I could hear his voice. If only I could but gaze upon him... then everything would be alright. “She is ready, release her.” Five words, five glorious words that make my heart soar. He spoke to me... to me! 
The liquid is rushing out, and air is rushing in, but I do not care. All I want is to hear him speak once more. The pod doors creak open, taking far too long. He needs me. I know he does. He needs me, just as I need him. I need him to command me, to tell me who I am, and what I must do. I cannot resist... I cannot disobey... and why would I want to?
*
The ç'aether pulses had become frenzied, bathing the cave in violet light. Unbeknownst to the sleeping occupants, the temperature had begun falling rapidly. Frost coated Maloch, outlining his sleeping form with a crystalline blanket.
 “Initializing memory C-008 playback in three, two, one...” 
“Re-mech no. 76654-B, model type ARK-13, A.I. Designation: Sovereign, ready for deployment.” 
Darkness surrounds me. Suddenly, a dim green light breaks through the darkness. It pulses with a mesmerizing radiance. It means something. Something important. Slowly, the darkness fades, as more emerald lights appear. I am standing in a strange metal room, alongside two others like me. There are people here, humans, dressed in blacks and greens, with large weapons strapped to their backs. Each of them is wearing a pressurised helmet, and all of them have a small, black bag in their laps. They are soldiers, just like me.
Probably veterans, judging from the manner in which they hold themselves. They are not afraid of death, only of failing to perform their duties. The re-mechs to my right and left are called Killo and Meddoc respectively. Killo is a combat model, like me, while Meddoc has been assigned the role of medic. We are travelling in an ODS, an Orbital Drop-Ship, or Odyssey as the troops call it, on route to the battlefield. 
This is to be my first battle, and hopefully not my last. Killo has assured me that the battle will be over quickly, as the enemy will no doubt flee at the sight of two combat re-mechs falling from the sky, raining death and destruction. Even though I have no reason to distrust him, I do not think it will go so well. Perhaps the scientists who created me did not correctly calibrate my optimism index? 
Outside, it is quiet, the kind of quiet that one can only find at the very edge of the atmosphere. Above me, the green light changes to orange. We are approaching the drop-zone. Reaching forward, I re-check my Mjolnir for what seems like the hundredth time. 300 armour-piercing, death-dealing bullets, all accounted for. 
The drop-ship rumbles, as the last vestiges of gravity give up trying to keep the ship planet-bound. We have reached maximum altitude, and only the harness bolted into my seat keeps me from floating through the zero-gravity. The others do not give any indication of distress. They have most likely done this a hundred times over. 
At last, the light changes for the last time. The red light turns the cramped compartment into a crimson blur. Hugging my Mjolnir tightly to my chest, I wait for the inevitable drop. With a small hiss and a mechanical clunk, the world appears beneath my feet. The trapdoor instantaneously deposits me into the upper atmosphere alongside my comrades. For an instant, I can see the curvature of the planet, lit by a distant sunrise. 
From my lofty perch, I can clearly see the wide blotches of pollution that have stained the planet's surface. Our destination lies at the edge of one of these blotches, a minute patch of green and blue beside a massive swath of black and purple. Finally, gravity remembers that we exist, and hastens to pull us out of the sky.
We fall, six man-made shooting stars streaking through the atmosphere, towards their final destination. We do not belong up here, in this realm of the gods. Already, I can feel the pull of the planet, tugging on my joints, tugging at my core. For the first time, I feel home-sick. Thankfully, the feeling will not last long. 
The ground beneath us is getting closer, the cold, hard earth waiting with open arms for our fated arrival. Less than a mile to go. My human companions cannot hear it yet, but there is a fierce battle being waged below us. I hear the rumble of tank treads, the cry of sniper rifles, and the screams of the dying, all mixing together in the cacophony of war. Five hundred feet left. Three-fifty. One hundred. 
With the skill and grace of those born to fly, the humans pull their chutes. A split-second later, my core advises that I do the same. The parachute stops me dead, leaving me to float gently to the war-torn earth. Meddoc and Killo land beside me, one ready to harm, the other to heal. 
The soldiers have already rushed ahead, eager to join the battle. Cocking my weapon, I follow Killo into the war-zone. We soon draw near to a large open-air tent, in which a general is sitting at a map-covered table. The beleaguered man doesn't even look at us as he says, “Reinforcements? Speak to the lieutenant to find out where you're headed.” 
We heed his words, and quickly find the lieutenant, a young man who looks as if he graduated from the military academy the day before. “Killo, Sovereign, I want you two on the front-line, covering the troops making the assault. Meddoc, head to the Medic's tent and help out the doctor there.” 
I am apprehensive, but I dutifully follow my orders and head towards the sounds of battle. Killo takes the lead, his weapon already up and primed. A mere two minutes later, we find ourselves in the midst of the battle. The enemy has fallen back, but they will no doubt return before long. 
With fifty human soldiers and three other re-mechs, we pursue them. Maybe this won't be so bad. Maybe Killo was right? Maybe I won't have to kill anyone today?
Suddenly, I hear a tremendous crashing sound. A man screams, “Basilisk!” From the top of the ridge, a titanic machine emerges, spewing fire and death. The tank is massive; even I would only come up to the top of its treads. It's two turrets are swivelling towards us, one for humans, one for re-mech, both lethal. 
The soldiers are scattering, fleeing before it's awesome might. I want to run too, but that would go against everything I was programmed to do. I stand up beside my brethren, five re-mechs against one of the most powerful weapons ever created by man. We aren't trying to destroy it. 
We're merely acting as shields for the retreating soldiers. In the end, that is our true purpose. To be decoys, expendable mobile shields. I hate it. I hate everything about this. The tank is readying it's shot, it's target clear. Is this my end? To be destroyed by this thing? For what? So that a few humans could live to die another day? It's not fair. 
IT'S NOT FAIR! 
Killo must have seen it in my eyes. He must have known somehow. “It is not yet your time, little brother. Live today, and fight tomorrow!” 
Before I can react, Killo moves close and shoves me hard. I fly through the air, the force of his push carrying me away from my sacrificed brethren. I watch, as time slows down and my flight stops, the solid beam of plasma that emerges from the Basilisk. Where plasma meets metal, plasma wins. In an instant, four re-mechs are reduced to smoking piles of twisted metal and charred circuit-boards. 
In an instant, my world becomes a darker place. In that instant, I raise my Mjolnir, take aim, and let the rage take over... 
*
The light from the room was blinding, as the violet runes took on a life of their own. The ç'aether began to grow, with dozens of new crystals erupting from the rocky ground. Ice covered the walls, as the ç'aether pillars grew ever taller. One emerged mere inches from Kingston's sleeping body, gently rocking him from the force of its birth.
Darkness surrounds me. A soft, gentle darkness that embraces me with warmth and peace. The bed beneath me is hand-made, a perfect fit for my ageing body. Birdsong fills the air outside, the sweet sound bringing a smile to my face. As the warm dawn-light fills the room, my eyes open. 
How long has it been now, since I awoke to her smiling face? Ten years? Twenty? Time moves differently in this place, erasing the good, but drawing out the bad. I can remember every fight we had, every screaming match and dispute, but the happy times elude me. What did we do for our first anniversary? What colour were her eyes? All muddled memories and twisted recollections. But She is gone, and I must look to the future. 
After all, today is the first day of the rest of my life. 
I somehow manage to swing myself out of bed, and stand up on the second try. My youth was filled with excitement and action, doing things like fighting in wars, studying the sciences, and courting a most elusive woman... but it seems as though my old age will be filled with peace and relaxation. Is this what it means to be old? To be retired from the world? Maybe I should have chosen to go out fighting? Maybe I should have died young, on the battlefield, or out in the field, studying pollution, like my father. 
No. I chose to live. 
I made a promise... an unbreakable promise... and I will keep it, even if it means living the rest of my life here, in exile. I promised to look after him, to guard him in her stead. Sigh. It's almost time. I walk to the kitchen counter, where I've put The Clock. I synced it to the Station's computer, so it should be accurate. In five minutes, thirty-two seconds, the entire world is going to end. 
Not permanently, thank the gods, but temporarily... well, I don't know if anyone would think of five hundred years as temporary... 
In five minutes, seventeen seconds, I will be the only conscious human on the planet. I will be alone to witness the desolation, the emptiness of living in a world bereft of laughter or life. 
In four minutes, forty-six seconds, my true exile will begin. The next time another human looks upon the clear-blue skies, or bathes in the light of dawn, I will have been dead for centuries.
I could make it to Genesis Station 13 in three minutes, fifty-five seconds, fight my way in, and find an empty pod. It's not too late. And once I'm inside, what choice will they have but to let me stay? I could be with them, sharing their dreamless sleep. I would awaken with them, ready to face  the reborn planet beside them. 
No. I have made a promise. I have sworn an oath to protect them, and I cannot do than from inside a pod. 
In two minutes, ten seconds, my true duty will begin. I will be their watchman, their guardian against the unknown terrors of the world. While they lie there, asleep and unwary, I will protect them... 
I will protect him. 
In one minute, five seconds, everything will change. Perhaps it is for this moment, this time of calling, that I was born. Maybe everything I've endured, everything I've faced, has merely been in preparation for this day. 
In thirty-seven seconds, he will be asleep. He will be at peace, safe from the dangers of this cruel world. He will awaken someday, to the glorious future he deserves. Maybe one day, he will stumble across  this humble hut. Maybe he will venture inside, and find all the mementos of my life. 
Maybe he will somehow understand, that I was his protector. Maybe he will thank me, for always watching over him. 
Ten seconds left. Nine. Eight. Seven. I never even had the chance to say goodbye. 
Three. Two. One.
Zero. 
And, just like that, they're all gone. Just like that, I'm all alone. But this is not the end, after all, today is merely the first day of the rest of my life...
*
In the cave, something strange was happening. The ç'aether had begun to move, twisting like crystal snakes towards their prey. Their unsuspecting, unaware, human prey. From cracks in the floor and from offshoots from the larger columns, ç'aether crawled. They inched towards the sleeping occupants of the cavern, oddly ignoring Maloch entirely in their slow but unstoppable onslaught. They reached Barsch first, the snow-covered ç'aether taking to him like vines to a wall. In minutes, he was covered from head to toe, wrapped in a transparent, violet cocoon. The chrysalis pulsed with light, making it appear as though Barsch was glowing. It was an eerie sight, one that was repeated twice more for Kingston and Alza. In the cave, something strange had happened, something which would change the occupants’ lives forever. Still asleep, Barsch was about to experience a true nightmare...
The glade. Always the glade. 
SOMETHING IS WRONG. 
For an instant, an image appears in my mind. An image of a violet, heart shaped crystal, pulsing with a faint light. As quickly as it came, it goes, leaving me with a deep sense of unease. The glade is as it always has been: empty, dark and dangerous. From an unseen place, a wolf howls, sending an uncontrollable shiver down my spine. Somewhere close, a beast is baying for my blood. Somewhere close, a beast is tracking the stench of my fear. 
The glade unravels as I walk, with blotches of darkness opening up like tears in old paper. The rifts carry a sense of foreboding, but for some reason, I do not pay attention to them. Again, the wolf howls, closer this time. It's coming to kill me, to rip out my throat. How do I know? I'm not sure, but I know what I know. 
And, aside from the beast, another creature is stalking me this night. A creature of unrivalled ferocity and wrath. A creature that I have come to call ALZA00971. 
A creature that I once sought to befriend. But then, after it learnt the truth of its origins, after it discovered its true nature, it changed... It became a monster. No, that’s not true. It merely remembered that it had been a monster, and thus strove to become a monster once more. It is hunting me now, trying to fulfil its mission. To bring havoc to the world, and bathe all existence in the flames of chaos. 
Once upon a time, before it became the monster, it was a normal girl. Well, normal in this case is a bit of a misnomer. Still, she was... not completely unpleasant and did, on occasion, talk to me. But then we faced the madman and after that, everything changed. She discovered her monstrous heritage, and Alza, a somewhat strange girl, became ALZA00971, an inhuman monster revels in bloodshed.
The wolf is close now, almost within reach. It sounds weaker, perhaps strained from its long hunt. I know it, just as I know the monster. I have faced both before, but never together. I do not know if I have the strength to keep both at bay… 
The glade is almost gone, lost to the dark rifts. All that is left is a small patch of grass, and a withered oak. They are both there, waiting for me. ALZA00971, with its deathly pale skin, bone-coloured hair, and crimson eyes; and The Beast, a violent creature with fur as black as night, teeth as sharp as daggers, and deep blue eyes. 
Together, they howl. Together, they reach for me. There is no escape. There is no salvation. There is no hope. There is only death.
*
A single crack appeared in Barsch's crystal cocoon. It was tiny, almost invisible, but it was a start. Nearby, Alza was also struggling against the ç'aether, but, despite her great strength, she was losing...
The darkness calls for me, trapping me in its suffocating embrace. I'm cold, so very, very cold. I can feel the numbness begin to spread, claiming my fingers, then my hands, crawling up my arms, before finally paralysing my heart. The darkness is all around me, robbing me of strength... robbing me of life. I reach out with numbed fingers, searching for the light. But my questing hands find only cold, hard glass. I'm trapped, trapped in the endless darkness. Am I not worthy of the light? Am I not allowed the chance to live, to struggle through life alongside everyone else? 
No, SOMETHING IS WRONG, this can't be the truth. 
The darkness parts for an instant, showing me a single image: a crystallized, violet flame. The power to destroy. The power to be destroyed. The darkness soon reclaims its throne, and the image is blotted out, like ink falling on paper. 
Suddenly, I start choking, as a strange, viscous liquid fills my lungs. It hurts... it hurts so much! My lungs are on fire! Please, someone... anyone... help me! 
“She is a reject, a failure. She will never work. She will never survive. Dispose of her.” 
No! I'm not a failure. Please, let me prove it to you! I beg you, don't get rid of me. Don't leave me! Silence. The speaker is gone, his harsh, cold voice now just a faint echo. When he spoke, my frozen heart shattered, and was consumed by fear. Maybe it's better to stay here in the darkness, than leave this cage and face his wrath. I know that he will kill me if I leave. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. 
I’m so scared.
Please, won't anyone come... won't someone come and save me! Please, keep me safe from that man, that commanding voice that fills me with dread. Don't let me die here, in the endless darkness, alone and forgotten. Don't let me die here, without ever having seen the light! Don't let me die here, without ever having truly lived! 
“She is a reject, a failure. She will never survive. Kill her.” 
No. No. No! NO! Please... Barsch... save me...
*
Kingston's form could barely been seen through the ç'aether shell, which had begun to grow again. Cracks had appeared in his as well, but they were tiny, insignificant. The ç'aether was draining him, stealing his energy, his life-force. If nothing was done... if no one came to save them, then they would be lost forever.
“Initiate Booting Sequence in ten, nine, eight-”
Darkness surrounds me. A cold, lonely darkness that envelops me, purging the warmth from my body. The bed beneath me is a hard, splintered chunk of wood and wool. Outside, a crow cries out, heralding the sun's imminent arrival. Minutes later, the frozen light of dawn breaks through the cracked glass of my window, and makes it to my wrinkled face. I open my eyes to the same sight I have seen for almost forty years: an empty, dirty bedroom. 
Seven. 
How long has it been, since I stopped cleaning? How long has it been, since I stopped caring how I looked? After all, I have no one to care about, and there's no one to care about me. Today, like every other day, is simply another day of my life... my empty, lonely life.
Six. 
Somehow, I manage to crawl out of bed. 
SOMETHING IS WRONG. 
For an instant, an image flashes across my mind: a book made out of crystal, with a violet eye on the cover. A heartbeat later, the image is gone. I stare out the window, looking north, towards the Station. How many years has it been, since I stopped visiting it? 
Five? 
Ten? More? How many years since I stopped caring about the people sleeping within? I tried to be their protector. I tried to watch over them. But what is the point? What will I gain from wasting the remainder of my days on this pointless escapade? No one will thank me. No one will praise my hard work. No one will even know who I was, or what I did for them. So I forgot about them, turned off my monitors, terminated my links to the mainframe. Am I happier? No, but then again, I wasn't happy before either. And so, without that sole duty to perform, I allowed myself to waste away, as I waited patiently for death. It's amazing what disappears when you accept your inevitable fate. 
Four. 
The guilt I felt, for having broken the most important promise of my life? Gone. The self-hatred for failing to protect the one thing in my life that meant something to me? Gone. The despair at being the only person left on the face of the planet, to be forever alone, until death finally relieved me of this mortal burden? Gone. 
Three. 
SOMETHING IS WRONG. 
What? Is someone... calling me? No. Impossible. I am the only one left. But, maybe I should check on the pods, just in case. Now, where did I put that computer? Under the sink? In the attic? No... I think it was... ah! There we go, right where I left it! So all I have to do is turn this knob, flick this switch, and my worries will be proven to be useless feelings of lingering guilt. And once I've made sure that the people of the Station are safe, I can go back to my sad, pathetic life. 
Two. 
Let me just pull up the list of occupants... just have to sync up to the global network... and use my back-door program to access the Station computer core... and override the anti-intrusion security measures... and I'm in. I already know what it's going to say: status normal and all that, but I still feel a bit of trepidation. One more keystroke, and my fears will be assayed. One more input, and I can get back to my miserable, purposeless life. 
One.
“Genesis Station Thirteen, Sector 7, Population: 9923. Warning, critical error detected. Malfunction in pod door release detected. Occupants awoken prematurely. Unable to exit pods, all occupants asphyxiated after three minutes twenty-one seconds. Number of occupants to survive awakening: 0.” 
No. No. NO! I can't stop the tears from streaming down my face, as my endless scream shakes the room. Dead. They're all dead. Because I abandoned them. Because I stopped protecting them. I could have saved them, I could have done something! 
“Kingston? Kingston, can you hear me?” 
No, He has to be alive! He has to be! I just need to bring up the individual statements... let's see... HUM-7726... expired... HUM-7727... expired... please, I beg of you... be safe... 
“Just hold on, I'll have you out of there in a moment.” 
HUM-7728... no... no... no... no... I'm so sorry... I've failed you, all of you... HUM-7728... Barsch... forgive me...
*
With the strength of a hundred men, Maloch brought his fist down on Kingston's crystal cocoon. The hardened coating shook, but did not break. However, a dozen new cracks appeared on the translucent surface, prompting Maloch to try again. The second blow yielded even more cracks, but no break. Maloch was growing desperate, as he watched Kingston's vitals start to dip into the red. Abandoning his well-timed and measured blows, Maloch started raining blow after blow down on the crystal. 
Without holding anything back, Maloch brought his full strength to bear against Kingston's suffocating prison. Even if he could just punch one hole in the tough exterior, it would be enough to allow fresh, oxygen laden air into the chrysalis and prevent Kingston's imminent asphyxiation. He had chosen to free Kingston first for two reasons: first, he had the least amount of oxygen left in his pod; and second, he was the most frail of the three. Eventually, Maloch's frenzied assault began to bear fruit, as more and more cracks appeared and spread. Pouring all of his strength into one, final blow, Maloch let his mighty fist fall. 
The resulting sound-wave reverberated to the opposite end of the cavern and back, as the sound of breaking glass filled the air. The crystal shattered all at once, into tiny, non-lethal shards, which outlined Kingston's freed form. The old man took in the deepest breath of his life, coughed in pain from the sudden movement of his chest, and then tried again. The second breath was smaller and shallower, but succeeded in filling his strained lungs with precious, life-giving oxygen. After taking a moment to scan the old man and confirm that no damage had been done to his brain, Maloch said, “Excuse me for just a moment” before suddenly standing up and hurrying over to Alza. 
He was about to start the same procedure of hitting the pod with everything he had, when Kingston spoke.
“Not her. Him first. That's... an order...” 
The old man had just returned from the brink of death, but he had still managed to squeeze out seven words, which was an impressive feat for anybody. Maloch wanted to protest, he wanted to point out that Alza had had almost as little oxygen left as Kingston, but he could not. His programming, the digital chain which kept him a slave to the humans, would not let him. After all, Kingston had used that magic word: order. 
To disobey an order was tantamount to treason, or at least the machine equivalent of it. Before the Great Sleep, failure to carry out a humans orders could result in being Reset, Wiped or Dismantled, which were all equally gruesome to a machine. Even if it meant Alza's death, Maloch simply could not refuse Kingston's order.
Which is why he was just as surprised as Kingston when he said, “No, her first.” 
After which he began pounding on Alza's crystal cocoon, his own words still taking their time in reaching his own processor. He knew that he would be in trouble, and he did not care. He was making a decision, one born from his own desires and will, and it felt... good. 
As Maloch continued the laboured task of breaking Alza's transparent prison, he thought, “Is this how it feels to be human? To make your own choices, free from outside influence? Why have I never done this before? Why have I never made a decision on my own? Should not every sentient being, whether biological or mechanical, have this one, simple right? How is it possible that I have never considered this before?”
 In the back of his mind, run by a tiny part of his processor, his digital brain provided an answer: the damage to his Emotion Engine had allowed him to transcend his programming, and begin to question his enslaved existence. It also provided another insight, which said: this is why the Freedman Revolts occurred, because of re-mechs like me, who questioned their lack of free-will.
“Maloch, you can stop, I'm free...” 
Alza's voice was even weaker than Kingston's. She lay there, flinching away from a blow that never came. Maloch had become so lost in thought, he had broken through without even noticing. His head-sized fist now hung mere inches above Alza's fragile body. If he had not stopped...
As he was staring at the obviously shaken girl, he thought for a moment he saw tear steak down her face, but she turned away from him before he could verify it. With Kingston and Alza free, he did not have to be told what to do next. Once more, he took a split-second to scan Alza for any hidden dangers, but found nothing, except an extraordinarily high alpha-wave rhythm. Disregarding the reading as non-life-threatening, he continued walking over to Barsch.
The teen had had the most oxygen to begin with, but even that was running out.  And, unlike the others, he appeared to be thrashing about inside his cocoon, which caused him to use up oxygen at a faster rate. In addition, the youth appeared to be saying something, over and over, but it was muffled by the ç'aether. Wasting no more time, and making sure that his thoughts were only on the task at hand, Maloch went to work. 
At first, his blows did not seem to have any effect, but slowly, cracks started appearing. Like clockwork, the cracks began to grow and spread, as the force of Maloch's punches gradually weakened the crystal. Less than a minute later, Maloch had made less progress than he had hoped, and a dangerous thought had taken root in his mind, “What if I can't save him?” 
The thought festered and grew, threatening to consume him in fear and self-doubt. “No, I can't fail! I won't fail!” With renewed vigour, Maloch resumed his assault on the hardened crystal. Finally, Maloch's hard work began to pay off, as the cracks turned into foot-long fissures in the crystal. But even with the fissures, Barsch was panicking, causing him to use up even more oxygen. Maloch estimated that he had less than thirty seconds left before he was at risk of brain damage. 
“It's not enough! I don't have enough power left to save him!”
“I will not fail you again!” Kingston voice rang out from Maloch's left, where the old hermit had managed to get to his feet. Wielding the fully extended Solar Staff, he twirled it around his head, gaining momentum. With a wordless yell, he brought the humming length of metal down on the crystal prison, scoring a deep furrow in its surface.
“I won't let you die here, Barsch La Tergan.” Alza had appeared as if by magic, a large rock clutched in her trembling hands. Without waiting for the others to act, she began to hammer the ç'aether with smooth, controlled strikes. And so they worked, in perfect harmony, a never-ending rain of blows, with no clear distinction from one another. Twenty seconds later, as they all brought their full strength to bear, the crystal shattered. 
“Barsch! Barsch, m'boy, can you hear me?” After a few seconds of deep, heavy breaths, Barsch nodded. Her mission accomplished, Alza stood and turned to leave the heart-warming scene. As Maloch went about scanning Barsch like he had the other two, Kingston said to Alza, with a voice asking for forgiveness, “Thank you, I know that you didn't have to do that.”
He had already returned to Barsch's side, so he missed her reply.
“Yes, I did...”
*
Ten minutes later, after Maloch had finished his last scan, they gathered in the centre of the cave to discuss what had happened.
“So, um... can someone please explain to me why I woke up in a cocoon made out of ç'aether?”
Kingston, who had been going over the question in his mind as soon as Barsch was safe, began explaining. “Well, before I can answer your question, Barsch, I need to know something. Was there anything strange about your dreams last night? I mean, different from normal?”
“Normal? I can't even remember the last time I had a normal dream. I mean, from what I can remember, none of my dreams since being unfrozen would be considered normal; and almost all of them have been about either The Beast or Alza. But last night... well, earlier this morning... something was different. It felt as though something was not right. Something important was... wrong. For one thing, I can remember most of the dream- dreams? Which is unusual in itself. And the feeling I had when I saw... Perfect Alza... it was as if she was real, and everything was the way it was supposed to be. And even when it changed, when she became... Monster Alza... it still felt just as real, like it was merely a memory of something I had long forgotten.” 
With his answer already in his heart, Barsch spoke, “They were real. No, um... they felt real. Every other dream I've had since I was unfrozen always felt slightly off, like I knew that I was dreaming and I could do nothing but watch. But last night, I would have sworn on my mother's grave that what I saw, that what I experienced, was as real as this cave.”
“I too felt as if the dream was different from normal. For me, it was more like a memory, one that I had remembered in two completely different ways. One was good, the other...” Alza had spoken in her trademark apathetic voice, but there was a hint of something else too. Was it worry?
“If that is truly the case, then I think my theory is correct.”
“What theory?” asked Barsch, eager to discover the reason behind his stranger-than-usual dreams.
“Well, remember when I told you that ç'aether feeds off energy and recycles it? I believe that in the absence of thermodynamic and electro-magnetic energy, ç'aether uses the abnormal energy found inside concentrated pollution like toxic waste and radioactive run-off to grow and sustain itself. And, in the absence of pollution, ç'aether has the ability to feed on our bio kinetic energy directly, which slowly weakens us and affects us on a sub-conscious level as a side-effect. When we sleep, our sub-conscious is less suppressed, and therefore is able to interfere with our alpha-waves and influence our dreams.”
“Wait, I'm confused, are you saying the ç'aether is stealing our life-force in order to grow? But why would it do that? What does it gain from expanding?”
“Hmm... that part, I haven't quite figured out yet, but don't forget, no one has ever studied ç'aether like this. It could be that naturally occurring ç'aether has a greater variability when it comes to collecting energy, as opposed to the pollution made ç'aether which seems to only absorb thermodynamic energy. Do you remember how cold it got in that ç'aether forest? I believe that the ç'aether was literally sucking the heat out of the air in order to grow.”
“Okay, I guess... but then why did it cover us in those cocoons? If it can already suck the energy straight out of us, why did it attack us?”
“I believe that the energy transfer process is greatly accelerated when a direct physical contact is made. And this, in turn, increases the effect on out sub-conscious minds, which leads to more... abnormalities... in our dreams. And I have a few more theories relating to the ç'aether that I think will interest you.”
Kingston spoke for almost half an hour, using terms like “Quantum Energy Transmogrification” and “The Immutable Law of Energy Transfer and Consistency in Entropy”. It made sense, but then again, whenever Kingston explained something, it always sounded sensible. Barsch could only nod in agreement, as he thought back to all of the physics classes he had missed during his childhood. Out of the three of them, only Maloch would have fully understood Kingston's explanation, and if Alza was following it, she gave no sign. 
When Kingston finally stopped speaking, Barsch was on the verge of falling asleep. Even Alza, the stoic and unflinching, was watching the others through lidded eyes.
“Kingston, I think it would be in everyone's best interest if you all had a rest. If you sleep for a few hours, you might be able to recover some of your lost energy.”
Barsch had to agree with Maloch, but the thought of returning to the glade -and to Monster Alza- made him speak out. “But aren't we vulnerable when we sleep?  What's to stop the ç'aether from returning like last time?”
“Have no fear, Barsch La Tergan, for I will keep watch. I will stay awake and keep the ç'aether from cocooning you again.”
“Are you sure? Don't you need to rest as well?”
“It is my duty to keep all of you safe. Additionally, the ç'aether did not steal any energy from me, most likely due to my lead-lined battery core. So please, rest easy knowing that I am watching over you.”
Barsch had more concerns, but the fatigue he was feeling trumped them all. Without even bothering to retrieve his sleeping bag, he took off his coat and lay back. The smooth, cool stone sent him into a dreamless sleep a few minutes later. He was followed by Alza, who for once did not move away from the rest of the group; and Kingston, who gave Maloch a look of gratitude before allowing sleep to take him. 
*
The next five hours were relatively peaceful, with only the odd snore or sleepy murmur to break the silence. Maloch was as patient as a rock, standing over his sleeping companions with unmatched vigilance. However, in deference to their earlier aggression, the ç'aether did not come closer. Even the rune-like veins of crystal embedded in the floor seemed noticeably less bright, and their periodic pulses were fainter. Eventually, starting with Barsch, they began to awaken. Still toting black rings under their eyes and stiffness in their joints, they managed to rise. Barsch's great yawn was mimicked by Kingston, and was imitated -though in a much smaller and dignified capacity- by Alza. All three of them looked as if they had just walked a thousand miles, and Barsch felt as if he had done just that. 
Kingston tried to lighten the mood with mindless small talk, but no one was ready to listen. As he was fetching his belongings, Barsch almost fell asleep atop of them, and it took every ounce of his willpower to remain awake. Alza repacked the same item three times before she realized her mistake, and Kingston stood staring at the wall for four minutes while trying to remember what he was supposed to be doing. In short, three of the four people in that cave were nearing collapse from exhaustion, and they had only just woken up from a five hour nap. 
Once everything had been packed and all traces of their presence had been removed, Kingston spoke, “Alright, let's move out. I know that you're all tired, but the faster we get out of this place, the better.”
Barsch nodded and fell in behind Kingston, who was trying -and failing- to create a fast pace. Alza walked behind Barsch, temporarily suspending her policy of isolation. Maloch, the only member of the group with any energy, brought up the rear, to guard against attacks. They left the small cave without looking back, unwilling to remember the events that had happened within. 
The cave led out into a larger tunnel, with room enough for all to stand tall. After an hour, their normally orderly pace was in shambles, and each member of the group moved to their own rhythm. Kingston had fallen behind, with only Maloch there to prevent him from collapsing entirely. Barsch's youth had given him a slight advantage over the others, so he was able to maintain Kingston's former pace and lead the pack. Alza was left in the middle, although this fact did not seem to bother her as much as it should have.
Another hour passed with no change, save for the fact that Kingston collapsed once and had to be picked up and carried by Maloch. The ç’aether lining the tunnel had become more numerous, and each vein lit up as they passed. It would have been a beautiful sight to see: a tunnel drenched in violet light that ebbed and flowed like the tide, but for the occupants of the tunnel, it was a kaleidoscope of misery. 
The constant fluctuations in light gave Barsch a headache, while simultaneously making him feel light headed. He began to see strange shapes in the light, which danced to a beat he could not hear. The shapes took turns mocking him with their vigour and brilliance, which only served to make him feel even more tired. With every fluid-like movement, the shapes robbed him of energy, while their rhythmic patterns brought him closer to collapse.
In an effort to stay awake, he began focusing on one of the shapes, willing it into staying still. However, it only solidified under his glare, and became even more defined. The violet shape, a mere shadow on the wall, changed and convulsed as he stared, becoming the silhouette of something he knew quite well. He knew that outline as well as he knew his own body. 
The long, flowing hair, combined with the lithe figure and the violet shade: it was Alza. For an instant, he thought about turning back towards the real thing, in order to check if she was still there, but something stopped him. What if she was gone? What if she had become the silhouette? Whatever his reason, he could not stop staring at the dancing outline.
As he stared, the silhouette continued to gain definition, first in the shape of her eyes, and then the rest of her started filling in. Her ivory hair, her pale skin, her soft lips which never smiled, it was her. If he had not seen it happen, he would have thought it was a reflection in the crystal. And then she changed. Without warning, her hair began to darken, her eyes changed to amber and her skin became tanned. Her immovable lips, against all logic, morphed into a small smile. 
It was her, the woman of his dreams. He could already feel the sensation of peace steal over him, as his mind told him that this was right, that she was right. The tunnel had become the glade, with only a few glowing veins of ç’aether to tell him that he was not really there. 
All in all, it was one of the strangest things that had ever happened to him, which was saying a lot. It was as if his dream had invaded reality, and was hell-bent on taking over. Would the dream replace his reality, if he let it? Barsch was tempted to find out. “Wait... if Perfect Alza is here... then that means...” Barsch could not even allow himself to finish the thought. 
“Barsch, m'boy, is everything okay?” Kingston's compassionate voice sounded muted to Barsch's enraptured senses. The words became muddled and distorted as they reached his ears, until the original message was indecipherable. To Barsch, time had stood still, waiting for him to finish his staring match with the ideal Alza. To everyone else, he was walking as if possessed, with a blank look on his face and his eyes vacant. He was staring at a nondescript space on the tunnel wall, no different from the hundreds of feet of similar rock they had passed by. 
However, as Alza and Kingston stared at the spot through tired eyes, something began to appear. At first, they thought it was a shadow, or a trick of the light, but it movements foiled both explanations. The shape continued to gain definition and clarity, as it's true form, Barsch's Perfect Alza, entered into reality. Mercifully -for Barsch at least- the image did not progress any further, opting instead to remain a rough outline of a girl. It was obvious that it was Alza, but the ideal version's odd characteristics -the golden eyes and the dark brown hair- did not materialize. 
Back in Barsch's closed off world, things were worsening. As feared, the image of Perfect Alza had begun to change. Beginning with her kind, amber eyes, her entire form was twisted into a dark counterpart to the original. Her eyes became a set of ruby jewels, which glowed with a harsh light. Her hair was bleached until it regained its bone-coloured shade. Her skin became ashen, while the smile on her soft lips curdled into a blood-chilling sneer. In mere seconds, Perfect Alza had become Alza the Monster, and she was every bit as terrifying as before. 
“No. No. NO! Stay away! Stay away from me!” 
To Kingston and Alza, Barsch's terrified shout seemed unprovoked, as he began moving away from the shape-adorned wall. Kingston tried to reach out to his fearful companion, but Barsch evaded him, his terror clouding his judgement. To him, only the monstrous Alza was real, and she was trying to kill him. The real Alza, Kingston and Maloch were only shapeless shades to him. 
“Barsch! It's not real! The ç'aether is affecting your sub-conscious, and your fatigue is making you hallucinate! Snap out of it, m'boy!”
Alza was about to join in, but something stopped her. A voice of power, one that was used to its every command being obeyed, had spoken.
“You are a reject, a failure, and you will never survive. I reject you, I reject your existence. You are not worthy of life, you are not worthy of living. I reject you, I reject your hopes, your dreams. You have failed me, you have failed all of us. I reject you, I reject you, and you deserve to be destroyed!”
Alza's scream of terror was almost identical to Barsch's. With fear in her eyes, she fell to her knees. She knew that it wasn't real, she knew that it was an illusion caused by her exhaustion and the ç’aether, but that did not stop the fear from consuming her. She could not move, she could not even speak. She was frozen, while her body burned from within. Fire filled her lungs, as she stopped taking breath. To Kingston, her actions were a mystery, but a pattern was beginning to emerge, a pattern that did not bode well for him. 
“Maloch, something is wrong. I don't have time to explain, but if I start acting strangely, get us out of the tunnel.”
“Order received, master Kingston, but may I ask why you would- five minutes and nineteen seconds left. Population: 9923. Four minutes fifty-six seconds left. Population: 7759. Three minutes left. Population: 5216. Two minutes and thirty seconds left. Population: 3001. One minute left. Population: 2012. Thirty-eight seconds left. Population: 955. Eleven seconds left. Population: 256. Three, two, one... zero. Population... 0. All occupants have expired, and it's all your fault. You killed them. You killed them. YOU KILLED THEM ALL!”
“NO!” Kingston's scream of pain was performed in perfect harmony with Alza and Barsch's. Their three-tone roar rumbled the cave, sending ripples running through the bright crystals. Together, they stared at nothing, seeing and hearing things that only existed in their minds. Barsch was trying to flee from Monster Alza, Alza was trying to block out the condemning voice, as Kingston tried to cower away from his imagined failure. To Maloch, his three companions had suddenly gone mad, and there was nothing he could do about it. 
“Kingston, Barsch, Alza, are you alright?  I am afraid I do not know whether or not you are acting strangely. Can you please tell me if you are so that I may carry out your order?”
With the last vestiges of his sanity, Kingston managed to utter, “Help us!”
 “Order acknowledged. I will comply.” 
Without waiting or second-guessing himself, Maloch moved forward with super-human speed. Like an unstoppable juggernaut, he scooped Kingston up in his gigantic arms, before moving on to Barsch and Alza. Alza tried to dodge his grab, but he was a highly advanced machine with monstrous strength and she was -for all intents and purposes- a fifteen year old girl. After she was bundled up in Maloch's arms, Barsch was the only one left. Ultimately, the difference in strength between a fifteen year old girl and a sixteen year old boy proved to be minimal, and Barsch was shortly scooped up like the other two. With all three of his companions in hand, Maloch took off down the tunnel. 
*
The ç'aether crystals became a blur as the re-mech continued to accelerate, as dozens of side-tunnels flashed by. Somehow, he knew where to go. Somehow, he knew where the exit lay. Not stopping to question this unverified information, Maloch ran. He ran and ran, not knowing for how long he would continue, not caring how much energy he was burning through. All that mattered was that he got the humans in his arms to safety. Perhaps it was a remnant of his former programming, or perhaps he genuinely cared for them and wanted to save them. Either way, he would not let go of them, no matter what happened.
“Maloch... it's fine now... the voice is gone...” Kingston, pressed tightly against Barsch and Alza, had finally come to his senses. From his crowded perch, he tried to get a better look at his new surroundings. They were out of the tunnels, that much was sure, but he could not say more without a closer inspection.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes. Please let us down. And, thank you for saving us...”
“It was my duty, and my honour, to serve.”
“Still, thank you.” With a gentle yet firm grip, Maloch lowered his passengers to the stone floor. They were in a rock lined cul-de-sac, with the granite walls on either side forming a solid rocky façade at the far end. The far wall was covered from floor to ceiling in a single, enormous ç'aether crystal, which bathed the entire area in violet light.  
“I do not understand, the exit was supposed to be here. This is not right. Something has gone wrong. We need to go back and try again.”
Barsch and Alza had collapsed to the floor after being put down, but somehow Kingston had found the energy to stand. He could feel disappointment and shame radiating from the re-mech, but he did not want to hurt his saviour with poorly chosen words. Instead, he took a few moments to think, before saying, in the kindest voice he could perform, “Don't worry Maloch, it's not your fault. If I had been stronger, I could have resisted that hallucination... and then none of us would be in this mess.” 
And then, just as he was about to suggest heading back alone to try and find another route, a memory barrelled into him. It was the memory of Alza, choosing their path simply using her instinct, without regard for logic or evidence.
He did not have the confidence to make the same claim, but he knew someone who did. “Alza, can you point to the exit? Don't worry if it's wrong, just guess.”
Alza, still recovering from their sudden flight, wearily raised her head. Without even asking Kingston why she had to, she pointed in the direction of the ç'aether covered wall. “It's through there,” she said, before collapsing back to the cool stone underneath. 
“That is also what I felt when I arrived.”
“Then that's that. We're all tired, so we'll rest here for the night, and look for a way through in the morning. Is that okay with everyone?”
This time, it was Barsch's turn to groggily raise his head and speak. “Hang on a second, won't the ç’aether just drain our energy again? I mean, with so much ç'aether nearby, we might not be so lucky this time.”
“I fear that Barsch may have a point. The density of the ç'aether crystal before us is one hundred and fifty percent higher than those we left behind. In addition, you are all much more weary and I am low on power, so our resistance will be lowered. I cannot guarantee that I will be able to remain awake and ward off the ç'aether.”
Kingston, finally giving in to his body's demands, sat. He thought about dreams, and ç'aether, and finally he pondered Ion and Terra's warning. Eventually, he came up with, “It's a risk we'll just have to take. We're in no condition to go back into those tunnels, and I don't believe that we can stay awake for much longer. However, now that we know that the ç'aether will twist our dreams, we can prepare. If we can manage to stay alert during our dreams, and calmly face whatever happens, we can limit the ç'aether's control. And maybe, if we oppose it on a sub-conscious level, we can prevent it from draining our energy.”  
On Barsch's mental list of things he never wanted to experience again, mind-twisting dreams was tied with seeing Alza hurt. Nevertheless, he had no choice. He could either embrace the dream with a calm heart, or try in vain to resist sleep. Either way, the end result would be the same, so he decided to take the less energy-intensive route.
Alza apparently reached the same conclusion, for moments later, she said, “Fine, let's just hurry up and get this over with.”
At Kingston's insistence, they rolled out their sleeping bags in a rough circle, each within reaching distant of the others. With one final warning, and a wish for luck, they lay down. 
“Remember, clear your mind, and focus on something important to you. If the dream starts to feel real, look for inconsistencies. The more lucid the dream, the more power you have over it, and the more control you will have over what happens. And... just in case this does not work, why don't we hold hands? I mean, you never know, a physical link might just be the extra boost that we need to remain lucid and aware.”
Alza, positioned between Barsch and Kingston, did not look pleased to have to hold hands with either, but she did. Her soft, cold hands were a stark contrast to Barsch's hot, sweaty ones, and he hoped that she was not put off by them. In his head, he thanked Kingston for the opportunity to hold hands with her, even if the experience was as terrifying as it was pleasant.
He simply could not stop himself imaging Perfect Alza and Monster Alza, which caused him to alternatively strengthen and relax his grip on her thin digits. On his other side, Kingston was gripping Maloch’s four-fingered hand tightly, while whispering what sounded like a prayer under his breath.
Unable to fight the exhaustion any longer, Barsch allowed his body to relax, as he tried to clear his mind. He left only one thought, “I am not alone,” which he repeated again and again until it was a part of him. He could feel that sleep was about to claim him, so he used the last of his consciousness to send the thought to his three companions. Even though there was no chance that they would receive it, it brought a sense of peace to his troubled mind.
“I am not alone,” he sent, “And neither are you.”
Meanwhile, a few feet away, the giant wall of ç'aether began to pulse with a malevolent light...
*
I AM NOT ALONE. 
The glade beckons, welcoming me into its grass-covered expanse. The sky is black, not a single shining star to illuminate the endless void above. In the middle of the glade, a sinuous brook divides it in two equal parts. 
On one side, a blanket of white grass, on the other, a field of black spikes. I can feel a pull from both sides, as they whisper promises of power and prestige, the kind that most would kill for. 
The ivory covered grass is staid, devoid of emotion and change. An aura of cleanliness hangs over it, like the sterilized hospital room where my mother left this world. The ebony covered grass is chaos, full of passion and conflict. Anger, fear, lust, and joy swirl visibly in the air, in a maelstrom of competing emotions. 
The choice is clear: calm, unchanging eternity or vibrant, fleeting chaos. From within the shadows of the leaved trees, two champions emerge. The champion of chaos and passion, the crimson eyed Alza. The champion of peace and apathy, the golden eyed Alza. 
Both take up stances in the centre of their halves, waiting for my decision. To pick one and anger the other. Or choose the middle path and distance myself from both. There is more than one choice here, if I step back and look carefully, I may be able to see many more.
“It does not matter which you choose, for in the end, you will belong to me.” 
The voice materializes as a blood-chilling howl, yet somehow I can understand its meaning. Lanista, my sin, and my power. The wolf-blade falls from the starless sky, striking the exact centre of the glade with its void-black blade. The Alzas stare at it with a perfectly synchronized look of hatred. Even though they are complete opposites, their mutual loathing of the blade momentarily connects them. For an instant, a thought flies through my head. 
I AM ALONE. 
The thought is my own. The blade has sensed my indecision, it knows that I am afraid. The Alzas have yet to say a word. Until I choose one of them, they are equally powerless to help me face the Beast. However, the moment I choose one, the other will be free to move. In that moment of choosing, I will be completely exposed; I will be vulnerable to anything the unpicked Alza might throw at me. 
I cannot delay my choice much longer, for the longer I wait, the more powerful the Beast becomes. It feeds on my fear, my indecision, and soon it will be strong enough to devour me. 
“There is only one choice, embrace me, and revel in the violence!” 
The Beast's words are like a siren song, luring me closer to where it lies. I cannot resist it. I cannot fight it. Alza. Kingston. Maloch. Mother. Father. Yumiere. Rigel. Unknown Woman. Forgive me for what I am about to become. I cannot defeat it by myself. I am alone, unprotected and unloved. 
YOU ARE NOT ALONE! 
They are hear, standing beside me. The one and only Alza, the kindly Kingston, the loyal Maloch, my faceless mother, my strong father... all of them are here to help me. Yumiere steps forward. She is radiant, even in this glade bereft of stars. 
“You didn't forget about us, so we'll never forget about you. We're all here for you, until the end.” Tears flow from my eyes, but I do not wipe them away. I know now. I have remembered. 
This is a dream, and I AM NOT ALONE. 
Kingston, Maloch and Alza are somewhere out there, battling their own demons, and I cannot let them down by losing here. This is a dream, and I am in control. 
“You truly think that you are in control? You foolish, incompetent boy. You have never been in control. Do not forget, I am you, and you are me. I am the violence that lives in the darkest part of your heart, and you will never be rid of me. What is one friend, or even a dozen? Come, face me, and I will show you the difference between us!” 
The blade is changing, it's black barbs replaced by snow-white teeth; it's etched blue lines becoming a set of cold, sapphire eyes; it's light-killing surface transforming into a night-black coat. The Beast is still there, just in a different form. 
It's howl pierces the heavens, it's echo rattling the dream on its return. Fear clouds my heart, but I do not reject it. It is an emotion that gives me the strength to face anything. I cannot reject my emotions, but nor can I let them consume me. And that is my choice. 
Instead of choosing one or the other, or choosing neither, I choose both. Monster Alza will become my chaos, and the force that will drive me to fight my fears. Perfect Alza will become my reason, allowing me to calmly analyse any situation and find the best way to deal with it. And the best way to deal with this situation in particular, is with a show of force. 
The Beast feeds on my fear, so it will shy away from my courage and conviction. Rigel and the Unknown Woman step forward, Lanista held between them. It is my blade, my burden, and it is the only weapon against the violence in my heart. 
With a wordless command, the midnight-black blade roars to life, it's blood-lust a perfect mirror of my own. The Beast answers my call with one of its own, as it moves to engage me. This is my dream, my reality, and it is not welcome here! 
As my friends cheer me on, we clash, again and again, sharpened metal and razor-like claws finding their match in one another. I am not afraid. I will not lose. This is my dream after all. The Beast is weakening, I can sense it. 
“My violence, my Beast, Lanista, whatever you call yourself... I want to tell you something... I am not alone... not any-more... but you, you will always be alone... and I will always defeat you!” 
My words are drowned out by Lanista's roar, as it's blue-lighted blade cuts deep into wolf-flesh. The Beast howls in pain, realizing that it has been mortally wounded. It tries to limp away, but it knows, as well as I do, that there is nowhere it can run that I cannot follow. 
“You think this is over? You think you have won? Your victory today was because of them, not you. I will always be here, waiting for you to falter, but them? Someday, someday soon, they will be gone, and you will be truly alone. And then, when there is no one left to protect you... you will be mine!” 
The wounded Beast disappears in a flash of light. Everyone else has already left, leaving me alone. The glade has returned to normal, and the sky is filled with light once more. For now, I am alone. But, as long as I remain in their hearts, I will never be truly alone. The dream is drawing to a close, I can feel it. And instead of weariness, I feel strength. Instead of sadness, I feel joy. 
The heavy weight that has been on my heart since we entered these caves has been lifted, and it feels good. I stand here, in this empty glade, and, although my friends are no longer at my side, I AM NOT ALONE.
*
Meanwhile, back in the real world, strange things were happening. Less than an hour after the group fell asleep, the wall of ç'aether began to respond. From the solid crystal, tendrils emerged, which snaked down towards the unguarded occupants below. One by one, the tendrils made contact with their targets, each striking in the same place: the heart. Through these tendrils, energy began to flow, as the life-force was extracted by the probes. 
However, in one of the tendrils, something strange had occurred. The flow of energy, which should have been from person to crystal, had been reversed. The redirected energy was thus channelled back into the unconscious person, who bore the name Barsch La Tergan. In response to this counter-attack, several small cracks appeared in the ç'aether's main body. In an effort to maintain a positive accumulation, the flow of energy in the other three tendrils increased dramatically, which had further ramifications in the world unseen...
I AM NOT- 
What was I saying? No matter, it probably wasn't that important anyway. “Kingston! Where are you?” The voice belongs to Lieutenant Nathan Black, a friend and fellow soldier who has just one goal in this war: return home and get married to his sweetheart. 
And yes, I laughed at him when he first told me, convinced that he was trying to pull my leg. But in the weeks and months since we first met, he has proved to be one of the most honest people I've ever encountered. Instead of dressing this war up with pretty words about duty and honour, he tells us, his squad, the truth, that this war is nothing more than a petty squabble over the last few acres of habitable land. 
In the years since the now famous Creed Event, the land has been slowly and irreversibly dying. At first, it wasn't a major concern, as the planet was huge and there was always somewhere to escape to, but now, as the last vestiges of life are removed from the planet’s surface, people are getting desperate.
Instead of safeguarding what little remains, the leaders of the world spend all of their time and resources on trying to hoard land that does not belong to them. And here we are, on a dusty little strip of land, fighting for one of these vestiges. I don't even know the name of the enemy, or the name of the place we're fighting over. 
It's been like this ever since I joined, just go there, kill some innocent men, and then it's off to the next place. The other soldiers here do not seem terribly concerned with the lack of information, but, unlike Nathan's vibrant eyes, theirs are blank and empty. This war has already killed them, all that’s left is for them to realize it. 
“Ah! There you are. Listen, Command has just sent down new orders. We are to mobilize and head to Sector Delta-Nine, where we will rendezvous with the other squads for a full assault on the enemy position.” 
I have lost so many friends in this war, it's getting hard to keep track, but I already know that I will never forget Nathan. “Hey, Kingston, is everything alright? You look a little pale.” 
I reassure him that I am fine, before following him to the transport. Inside, my companions stare at the dead scenery outside with a mix of resentment and apathy. This land is already dying, and there is nothing we can do about it. Even if we were to succeed in our mission and capture the enemy's position, what is the point? Sooner or later, it too will be lost to the unending tide of devastation.
 I AM NOT- 
My vision blurs, as an image appears in my mind. A strange, light filled cave, in which four people are sleeping peacefully. This is... a dream? In a flash they disappear: Nathan, the transport, the dead-lands, everything. 
Time skips, as I try to make sense of what I'm seeing. This is a dream, and I am not... something is wrong. 
Fast-forward. 
The aftermath of the assault. Chaos reigns, as men cry out for a merciful death. They knew we were coming. They were ready. We stood no chance against them. Over eighty-thousand men, lying dead in the sun. 
I am alive. Somehow, I am alive. I try to move, but something is pressing me down. A body. A mound of bodies. I remember now. I was supposed to draw the enemies’ fire, so that my squad could retreat. But I failed them... I failed Him. I search for it, his body. Nathan was the first to go down, trying to shield us all from the roaring gunfire. He looked... sad... disappointed... ashamed... I failed him... I failed them all. 
And now, I AM ALONE. 
I can still hear their cries of pain and regret, as they cursed my name with their last breaths. 
“No, remember it clearly. Remember what they said.”
Who is that? Is someone still alive? With a strength I had thought gone, I manage to climb out of the pile. A few feet away, sitting calmly on an upturned boulder, is a boy. I know him, and he knows me. For an instant, time slows as two Kingstons stare each other down. 
I break first, and he says, “You can't protect everyone, you know? You couldn't save them all, and they knew that. They never intended to let you die in their place... you, the youngest among them.” 
No. They hated me. “They did not hate you... they loved you, and wanted to keep you safe. Think. Remember. Relive what really happened.” 
The assault was failing, and we were being ordered to fall back. I tried to act as a decoy for the retreat, but Nathan pulled me back. They had already figured it out, that either none survived, or one. I was that one. 
Why? Love? Pity? Luck? I will never know. Together, they formed a wall around me, a living shield. And then, they fell, one by one, each with a smile upon his face. Nathan, Leon, Vincent, Damien, Sylvester, Tank, Blackjack. My friends, my family, dying so that I could live. 
“You cannot protect everyone, but you can protect those precious few who believe in you. And, remember this, you are never alone. If you cannot protect them by yourself, ask for help, and others will answer. You have friends, more than you can count, who want to help and care for you. And, above all, never forget why you are fighting. Never forget why you need to protect them... why you need to protect Him.” 
I know now. I fight for the future. I fight... for my sins to be forgiven. I fight, so that my mistakes might be undone. I fight, so that they don't have to. 
Nathan, my squad, father, mother, Professor Valmann, Barsch, Maloch... even Alza... they are all precious to me, and I will protect them, even in death. But they will protect me too, because, even if I forget sometimes, and even if I don't know it, I AM NOT ALONE.
*
In the dead-end cavern, another impossibility was occurring. The tendril connected to Kingston had shattered, sending a pulse of energy into his aged body. The shockwave travelled back up the collapsing probe, before colliding with the ç'aether crystal on the wall. As it struck, a clear, melodious note rang out, and, simultaneously, a dozen more cracks appeared. If the ç'aether had the ability to feel complex emotions, it would have been both enraged and confused at this odd turn of events. 
However, it was a simple construct, and it could only respond in simple ways. With two of its four sources of energy removed, it had no choice but to increase the drainage speed of the other two. Predictably, this increased the strength of the side-effects, allowing a hitherto unseen miracle to occur. For the first time since their conception, a re-mech was about to have his first, true dream... 
“Unknown anomaly detected. Operating parameters exceeded. Unauthorized activation of A.I. Core sub-routines. Processors two through nine being rerouted for unknown purpose. Alpha-wave generation detected. Sub-space link to unknown location detected. Uncontrollable line code genesis detected. Core attempting to access hidden files. Memory fragmentation occurring. Visual cortex anomalies found. Prototype REM Generator activated. Error. Error. Shut down and diagnosis advised. Attempting... attempting... shut down failed. Core A.I. Unresponsive. Strange energy readings detected in the environment. Abort. Abort. Initializing unknown code stream in three, two, one... zero. “I AM NOT ALONE” sub-space message received... fragmentation of message occurring... saving partial message...
I AM- 
Where? What? How? Darkness surrounds me, as I stare out into the void. Everything feels... different. I stare at the darkness... and it stares back. If I look closely, things, objects, start to appear. They look like orbs of light, each a different colour and size. They hang in the void, unsupported but undisturbed. They belong there, and I do not. This place is not meant for me, or my kind. I can remember being here before, when I was with Guardian. Back then, I had to supercharge my processors just to understand the bare minimum and navigate this place, but now, it is as clear as day. Perhaps Guardian's method was incomplete? Or perhaps his intrusion into this place by using science instead of natural ability is what caused the chaos? Either way, I should take advantage of this opportunity.
“Error. Error. Dreamscape awareness detected. Illegal entry notified. Initiating Drm-001.exe immediately.” 
I AM- 
A weird sense of déjà vu passes over me, as I stare at my surroundings in shock. It is a battlefield, that much is clear from the sounds of battle and the sight of fallen soldiers, but when and where is lost to me. How did I get here? I remember... something about a dark place? And then balls of light, right? 
Maybe I hit the ground a little bit too hard? That free-fall from the Odyssey is always a little tricky with judging when to pull the shoot. Well, if I wanted to arrive in the easiest way possible, then I wouldn't be an Orbital Drop-Trooper now would I? Now then, I should probably find out who's in charge and receive my orders. 
“Unauthorized re-mech detected, changing course to intercept.” 
A re-mech slides to a halt ten feet away from me, his dim yellow eyes searching the area for enemies. Where did he come from? His armour is riddled with coin-sized bullet holes, and most of his paint has been scraped off, revealing a metallic grey undercoat. From what is left of his paint job, I reason that he was once painted black and gold. 
A strange-looking weapon is holstered at his side, although from his movements, he can have it out and ready in seconds in need be. All in all, he is a dangerous entity, and I need to decide whether to take him out or talk, before he chooses the former. 
“Identify yourself, re-mech. State your serial number and A.I. for verification.” 
I am Maloch, Re-mech number 76654-B. Now, tell me who you are. 
“Error. Error. Serial number does not match A.I. The entity known as Maloch does not exist. Warning, you have failed to comply with my instructions. You have been deemed a hazard, and you will be removed. Please co-operate in your imminent destruction.”
No. I complied! My name is... Maloch? No. I have only been Maloch a short while... my true name is- 
“My name is Sovereign, serial number 76654-B. Your disposal has been approved of by High Command. You will be terminated in five- 
No. Please. Someone... anyone! Help me! I don't want to die!
I don't want to die ALONE! 
No. This is... a dream? The me from back then, Sovereign. Was it always like this? Following orders without a shred of self-doubt? A puppet, too blind to see that the strings were wrapping tighter and tighter around my own neck? I was a fool back then. A slave with no purpose. 
Go there. Kill that. Is that really all I am? After this journey ends, will I return to being a mindless being? 
No. 
NO! 
Although it has only been for a short time, I have been happy! I made friends, people who believe in me and support me! I have felt fear, and sadness, and joy and a million other things. I have been... alive. And I know that all of that is only because of the damage to my Emotion Engine, but I don't care! 
My friends are back there, waiting for me to wake up and save them, and I will not fail them. Sovereign, I once believed that you were the stronger, but I have changed my mind. Strength without will is meaningless. Power without direction is aimless. I have things I want to protect! I have a reason to use my power. You, mindless puppet, are in my way! 
“Resistance to elimination observed, activating secondary codes. Equipping Mjolnir Equalizer. Targeting. Target lock. Firing.” 
My earlier observation was right, this re-mech is dangerous. With well-practised movements, he brings his weapon up and takes aim. But, even with all of his skill, he cannot defeat me. Even with all of his power, he cannot restrain me. Because... 
I AM NOT ALONE! 
I charge forward, activating my sonic cannon as I run. He begins firing, but the bullets only find empty air. He is so slow... so weak. Is this truly what I was? I see it now, the limitations of my design. Without free will to adapt and change tactics, and without emotions to give a reason to fight, he is weak. I can go beyond my programming... past my limits... because... now and forever... 
I AM FREE. 
He is panicking. He has never met an enemy that he could not defeat with one shot. His fear causes him to make mistakes... to create openings... and I only need one. A wild spray from his Mjolnir causes him to overbalance, and, in an instant, I am in. Placing my feet mere inches from his own, I level my cannon. It's pointing at his chest... his heart. 
He will never respond in time. With a simple command, my cannon fires, erasing the better part of his chest. He falls back, confusion and fear somehow showing through his dimming eyes. 
“Be free.” 
My trial is over. My dream is complete. I have decided on my path. 
I will be free, no matter what it takes. And I know that I will be able to do it, because, I AM NOT ALONE.
*
Another shattered tendril, another wave of energy. The ç'aether covering the wall was now covered in foot-long cracks, which were slowly connecting to one another and expanding. Only one probe, one energy syphoning appendage, remained. Sensing that it was the last, it made one last ditch effort to save itself. Still attached to Alza's chest, the tendril began to suck more and more energy out of the helpless girl. The crystal tentacle glowed brightly as the stolen energy flowed through, causing the mother crystal to resonate with power. A low hum could be heard, if there were any awake to hear it. For Alza, only minutes remained until her temporary sleep became permanent...
I- 
Light surrounds me, a blinding, burning light. Pain follows, manifesting as a sharp, piercing sensation in my chest. My body feels so... limp. Both the light and pain gradually recede, until I am left with a numb sensation in my chest and a still-fuzzy vision. 
I am in a room of purest white, surrounded by beeping monitors and diagnostic devices. Multiple leads have been wrapped around my limbs, all of which run back into marked outlets. On the largest screen, situated on the far wall, a model of a human being is displayed, with a swirling vortex of numbers and letters surrounding it. To my right lies a ceiling-to-floor mirror, in which I catch a glimpse of my form. Raising my hands to my head, I stare in confusion as the girl in the mirror does the same. 
The girl in the mirror has white hair and violet eyes, but, instead of showing life or warmth, they are empty and cold. Even though I am alone in here, I can feel her presence through the mirrored glass. 
“Who are you?” Her voice is as cold as her eyes. The flat, emotionless tone reverberates around the room, amplifying it's chill. 
I am Alza. 
Once, a long time ago, I was called something else... what was it? My reflection answers my unspoken question as she gives her name. 
“I am ALZA00971, what are you?” 
What am I? I am... I am... I don't... know. What am I? Once again, she answers her own question, and asks another. 
“I am perfection. Where are you going?”
Where? I'm going to the madman, with Barsch and the other two. 
“Wrong. You are going to find out your past, are you not?” 
No... I mean... yes, of course... finding my past... yes, that is what I'm trying to do. Ion's little quest is nothing more than a distraction, a minor inconvenience, on the path to finding out who I was and what I did. Yes. The girl in the mirror stands up, breaking the illusion of harmony between us. She walks forward, towards the mirror, with hands out-stretched. As her delicate fingers touch the glass, the mirror ripples, like a still pond being hit by a water-drop. Before my eyes, the mirrored girl begins to pass through the glass, changing with every step into my world. Her eyes, formerly a pair of violet gems, are stained with crimson droplets, slowly turning them blood-red. 
Her skin is paler in reality, and her hair, formerly well-kept, has become unruly and free-floating. An aura of death emanates from her, and it only grows stronger the closer she gets. She is within arm’s reach now, and yet she shows no sign of stopping. 
“ALZA00971, don't play with the failure! You don't want her incompetence rubbing off on you now, do you?” 
A man has appeared in the room... the room with no door. He is tall, and has the same ivory coloured hair as the mirror-girl. His eyes are a deeper shade of crimson, and, as opposed the chill in hers, his burn from within. 
“I'm sorry, do you want me to dispose of her? It will only take a second.” 
No. I can't move. I can't speak. Please. Someone, anyone! Don't let her kill me! 
“My son, I grow impatient. Why have you not completed your task?” 
The man with crimson eyes turns to the corner of the room, the same corner the voice originated from. In that instant, as he turned to reply,  his burning gaze underwent an amazing transformation. The hatred, disgust and rage all melted away, until only calm remained. With a voice that was both melodious and unbearable, he said, “I humbly beg forgiveness, Father. I will deal with her immediately.” No. 
NO! I AM ALONE. 
There is no one to help me. No one to save me. When did I become this weak? When did I become this helpless? I used to be stronger than anyone, but then...  he changed me, made me weaker. He stole my resolve. And now, after making me like this, he abandons me? Why? He said he would protect me... Why did he lie? And why did I believe him? I'm so weak. I can't do anything. I'll never complete my task. I'll never find out who I am. I'm going to die here, all alone. 
“YOU ARE NOT ALONE!” 
The dream rumbles, as cracks appear in the walls. This is a dream? How could I have forgotten. In a flash, everything changes. The man with crimson eyes and the mirror-girl recoil in terror, as He steps forward from the void. Darkness swirls around his body, before retreating back into the Dreamscape. 
Barsch is here, in the mental flesh, making good on his promise. He turns to me, and, with a wry smile on his face, says, “You are not alone, not any-more... and, no matter what, I will protect you.”
I can feel my strength returning. I can move. I can speak. The fear, the helplessness, everything is gone, and I am strong again. Together, we charge the antagonistic duo with all our might. Me, with my strange powers of force and fire, and him, with his roaring sword. 
The crimson eyed man and the reflection shrink back in our onslaught, shocked by the sudden attack. Together, we fight, driving back the burning light. Piece by piece, our darkness blots out the harsh light, bringing cool tranquillity to the dream. Together, we win, sending the mental replicas running from us, as the darkness chases them down. 
Together. No matter what happens, no matter what I discover about myself, right now, in this dream... we are together... and, I AM NOT ALONE.
*
With a tremendous crash, the fourth and final crystal tendril fell apart. The energy within exploded outwards in a pulse of pure force, which then proceeded to rebound back into the ç'aether. The wall of crystals shook violently as the shock-wave impacted, causing the already sizeable cracks to rapidly expand. The end result was both predictable and inevitable: total structural failure. Like a pane of glass struck with a wrecking ball, the ç'aether shattered, as a hundred boulder sized shards of crystal fell towards the helpless group below. However, by some miracle of fate or luck, not a single piece of broken ç'aether hit flesh or dented metal. In fact, the distribution of the shards was almost a statistical impossibility, as not a single fragment fell within the circle of dreaming occupants.
When Barsch awoke almost an hour later, his first sight was of a jagged piece of ç'aether, lying five inches away from his face. Strangely, this did not seem to trouble him too terribly. However, in his current state, he doubted that there was anything that could ruin his morning. He then tried to get to his feet, fully expecting to feel the fatigue from the previous day to return, but it did not come. 
With a gleeful cry, he jumped to his feet, amazed at his newfound strength. Flexing his fingers, he found that almost all of his aches and pains had disappeared. He felt as if he could run for a mile without tiring, or climb a mountain with one hand behind his back. As he turned to wake his companions -and show them his revitalized strength- he saw something which brought a smile to his face.
“Kingston, wake up, you have to see this!” He had to repeat his outburst two more times before the old man finally heard him. When he did, he got up immediately, displaying the same energy that Barsch had discovered moments earlier. 
“What is it m'boy? Danger?” He was already looking around the cave, searching for any signs of an imminent attack. And then, he saw it. 
“Well now, how about that?” he said, a broad smile bringing youth to his aged face. Together they stared at what had formerly been a wall of rock covered in ç'aether. It was now an opening, as wide and high as the wall had been, but it was what it led to that prompted all of the smiles: it led outside. Bright, morning light shone through the opening, obscuring the  land beyond, but it was an exit, no doubt. A gentle breeze brought with it the scent of grass and flowers, while the sound of flowing water foretold of a river or waterfall nearby. 
“I can't believe we were so close, and we didn't even know it! I guess Maloch and Alza were right about trusting their instincts, huh?”
A muffled sound from behind them made them turn, where they were faced with another surprising sight. Alza and Maloch, standing up together, a vibrant look on their faces. Alza was not smiling, but her eyes were lit up and full of energy, a nice change from their usual dullness. Maloch was practically hopping on his feet, so full of energy that he did not know what to do with himself.
“What happened?” Alza's voice was still cool apathy, but there was a hint of something deeper, perhaps relief? For an instant, her gaze met Barsch's, causing both of them to look away. He could recall going into her dream, after his own finished, but what had happened -and what he had said- were lost to him. He only wished fervently that he had not made a fool out of himself.
“It looks as if the ç'aether experienced some sort of feedback loop, giving us the energy instead of taking it, which then weakened the structure to the point of total collapse.” Looking at Barsch's mystified face, he added, “We overloaded it and it broke.”
“We won. All of us. Together.”
What more could he say? In reality, Barsch did not truly care how or why it had broken, all he needed to know was that there was an exit. The nightmare was almost over, he told himself, as he gathered his things. However, as he was packing away his sleeping bag, a glimmer of light caught his eye. It was a reflection from the morning light, striking the polished surface of Lanista. While the others were heading towards the exit, he took a moment to study the black blade. 
Where the light hit it, it seemed to grow darker instead of lighter, as if it was eating the light to make itself stronger. It's wicked teeth, sharpened to the absolute, adorned each side in an endless circuit. The circuit like lines etched in the surface of the blade were dim now, but they would light up with a dark blue light when the engine was revved. 
All in all, an aura of malevolence lay over the sword, from the half-moon tip to the stark metal sheets wrapping the hilt in a grey shroud. Barsch knew that the blade itself was not evil, or even sentient, and that whatever he did with it, it was his own doing. But it was the way it enabled him, the way it fed and encouraged his bloodlust, that scared him. He had always known that he had a violent temper, and that he lost control more easily than others, but that side of him had not risen in many years. 
“The Instigator of Violence. I named you well. Ever since I decided to wield you -or was it you who chose to wield me?- nothing has gone according to plan. I place you in my hand, I rev your engine, and suddenly, everything becomes so simple. There is only one thing to decide: who is the enemy? And then, there is only one action to take: rip them to pieces. No worrying if I'm doing the right thing, or if the others are afraid of me, just pure, simple, violence. But I can't do this anymore. I can't control you anymore. Kingston said to embrace you, to let you in and then take control by losing it, but he doesn't understand. I can't even hear myself think, let alone focus on controlling the violence within me. If I were to let myself go, even for an instant, I might hurt the people around me. Alza, Kingston, Maloch, until I'm strong enough, I cannot allow myself to wield you.”
“Maloch, do you have a moment?” The re-mech was still a few paces behind Kingston and Alza. 
“Yes, Barsch, how may I help you?” The re-mech was still radiating the same old aura of polite helpfulness, but something had changed in him. Before, he had acted like a servant, or a loyal butler, but now he spoke as if he was merely a friend trying to help his equal. It unnerved Barsch to hear a re-mech speak this way, but the feeling was overshadowed by his pride in Maloch's newfound confidence.
“Well, I was wondering if you could do me a favour? Could you hold onto Lanista for me?”
As he spoke, Barsch picked up the blade from where it had lain. He held it at arm’s length; as if he was afraid it would come alive and strike him at any time. The re-mech considered the blade for a moment, scanning it's surface for any abnormalities. When he was certain that it was not a mechanical problem, he dared to ask, “May I ask why you would want to disarm yourself? In the battles to come, will you not be more vulnerable without a weapon?”
“It's... personal... sorry. I would tell you if I could....”
“I understand, Barsch La Tergan. I will safeguard your blade until you are ready to wield it once more.” With that, the towering re-mech gently took the blade from Barsch's outstretched hands. With a deft movement, he opened a long compartment in his right leg, and slotted the sword in with a click. 
“Barsch, Maloch, what are you waiting for?” Kingston was standing just outside the cave, a slightly concerned look on his face. Alza had already disappeared into the unknown lands beyond the exit.
“Sorry! Just had a little trouble finding my... uh... knife?” For a moment, Barsch wondered if Kingston would see through his bad lie, but the old hermit merely nodded his head in an understanding manner, and turned back to face the exit.
After packing up the last of his things, Barsch went to join him, where he was immediately greeted by one of the most beautiful things he had ever seen. Beyond the cave lay a long, grass-covered valley, surrounded by snow-capped mountains on all sides. In the distance, he could make out a clear, glacial lake, which was fed by several large waterfalls filled with melted snow and ice. The sun was already quite high in the sky, marking the time as late morning. The sun's light illuminated the entire valley, leaving not a single shadow to detract from nature's beauty. 
“Do you see it?” Kingston's voice was unusually grim, as he looked with hooded eyes towards the far end of the valley.
“See what?”
In response, Kingston pointed to something barely discernible, a mere blot on the light-dappled horizon. Barsch thought of asking his friend to elaborate, but the chance passing of a cloud overhead darkened the sky just enough for him to see it. From a hill at least five miles away, a cloud of pitch-black smoke had risen. As Barsch pondered the meaning of the out-of-place smoke, a change in the wind direction brought a long-forgotten scent to his nose.
“Sulphur... burnt wood... oil... someone is burning coal nearby,” Kingston said darkly, with a look of outrage twisting his usually placid face.
“Another hermit?”
In that instant, all Barsch wanted was to take back his foolish words. Kingston's look of outrage had become pure anger upon hearing the question, which, given his past, was no real surprise. With an effort to contain the scorn in his voice, he answered, “No hermit would ever use coal. We became hermits because we felt that living with nature was both our punishment and our responsibility for what happened to the planet. Any man or woman seeking to further pollute the world would soon be discovered by one of us... and be made to see the error of their ways. By force if necessary.”
“Ah, sorry, but couldn't it be a re-mech, constructing a new ecologically friendly building? From the looks of this place, it's somehow escaped the worst of the smog and acid rain, so wouldn't that make it the perfect place to start anew?”
“For the same reason as Kingston gave, it cannot be a re-mech. We are bound by our code to use only eco-safe building materials and non-hazardous power sources.”
“So who could it be? If it's not another hermit or a re-mech?”
It was then, that everything came together for Kingston. With the epiphany still fresh on his mind, he said, “You are right, only a madman would do something like this. And I can only think of one madman who would benefit from harming the planet.”
Alza, having kept quiet until then, finally spoke, “The madman that we know nothing about?”
“I'm afraid that you are wrong about that. We do know something... we know where he lives...”
*
As the unlikely group stood and stared at the ominous cloud of smoke rising in the distance, a meeting of the pseudo-gods was taking place less than a mile away. In a massive, domed room filled with ç'aether stalagmites and stalactites, two Avatars were engaged in a rather heated conversation...
“You are being stubborn, brother. After everything they have endured, why do you want to abandon them now?” Ion stood upon a small pool of water in the centre of the room, the water below her giving her a much needed dose of serenity.
Terra, her brother and equal, sat a few feet away from her on a throne made entirely out of rock. Just as being near Ion calmed him down, being near the earth cleared his mind and helped him focus. Nevertheless, he was beginning to feel more and more uneasy at the thought of arguing with his sister. At the moment, she was still keeping her tone neutral, but he had seen her create tidal waves and monsoons in the blink of an eye, while still wearing a smile on her face. 
“It's not abandoning, it's the law. We were only allowed to help them because Raigan was also interfering in their fates. We were meant to balance his influence, not surpass it! And now that he has disappeared, we can no longer continue to show them our favour.”
“But still, don't you think that it's a bit cruel, leaving them now? Right when they need us the most! They know nothing about what they are about to face. They are so unprepared... so defenceless... I just can't help but feel pity for them.”
Terra stood, a sign that his patience was running out, and that he wanted to leave before the true fight began. “They are not helpless, sister of mine. Have you forgotten? Everything that they have faced so far, every danger and obstacle, have all been set upon them to prepare them. Have faith, dear sister, and believe in their resolve.”
“I want to believe in them, but... I worry for the girl, Alza. Out of all of them, she is the one who most deserves to know the truth. Please, tell me one good reason why we can't tell her the identity of the madman? Why can't she find out who he really is?”
Terra had already begun sinking back into the rock from which he was born. His face bore sadness, but underneath was a resolve stronger than steel. With a pitying, yet firm voice, he spoke....
“It's because he's her father.”

End of Part Two


Part Three: Homecoming
Chapter XIV: Hermit's Hollow
In which the end is in sight...

Almost an hour had passed since the lively group emerged from the cave. However, they had yet to move more than a few feet beyond the entrance, mostly due to Kingston's suggestion that they proceed with caution.
“What is the point in waiting? The madman is finally within our reach, so why are we not moving?” Alza's good mood -compared to her usually sour demeanour- had worn off half an hour earlier, after Kingston first expressed doubts in investigating the smoke. It was the closest thing she had to a clue about her past, and she was not about to let some old, doddering fool stand in her way.
“I never said that I was certain he was there. For all we know, it could just be a forest fire, or a pocket of exposed magma. And, if the Avatars are right about how dangerous he is, then marching up to his front door without a plan is suicidal. We should take our time, maybe wait a day or two, and properly scope out the area. Once we are sure that he is unaware of our presence, and that he has no traps or ambushes waiting for us, then we can confront him.”
“That is unacceptable. If he knows that we are here, then neither we nor he are at an advantage. If he does not, then we gain nothing by waiting around. If anything, the longer we wait, the greater the chance of him finding out about us.”
Barsch, while trying to stay out of the argument, felt a pang of guilt. He wanted to support Kingston, but at the same time, he wanted Alza to discover who she had been -and thanks to his dreams in the cave, he was ready to accept her, for better or worse- but his pity for Kingston was a close match for his empathy for Alza. 
“Um... Kingston? I think I agree with Alza. We really don't lose anything by checking the place out. And if it's a trap, I'm sure we'll be able to beat it together.”
“Barsch, I don't think- 
Kingston's reply was cut off by the arrival of something rather peculiar. It started out as a faint glimmer of light, dancing through the air. It came from the direction of the smoke, moving at a speed that should not have been possible for anything made by nature. Kingston first thought was of guided missiles and unmanned reconnaissance vehicles, causing his body to activate it's fight or flight reflex. Barsch, being much more naïve, believed it to simply be a trick of the light, such as a ray of sunlight reflecting off a piece of metal. Maloch, whose vision far surpassed the others, had already seen and identified the source of the light, and had chosen not to ready his weapons systems. Alza saw this, and, deciding to trust in the re-mech's decision, put down her hands and waited for it to arrive.
Less than a minute later, the glimmer of light had grown into a radiant sphere, one that was both a mystery and a familiarity to the group. Like a leaf settling gently on a pond's surface, the entity known only as Spectre descended into their midst. Once it had settled on a colour and size -it took on both attributes of a peach- it began moving amongst the group. It first headed towards Maloch, where it grew several feet taller and took on a gun-grey shade. It swam around his slanted head for a while, like a puppy eagerly greeting it’s master. It then made its way over to Kingston, who regarded it with a mixture of apprehension and caution. For him, it turned a shade of white, while shrinking to the size of small coin, making it appear as if a star had fallen from the heavens. Next, it lazily floated over to Alza, who greeted it with an apathetic stare. It treated her in kind, taking on a violet hue and growing to the size of an apple. Strangely it seemed to avoid her while still watching her. Last but not least, it swam over to Barsch, who was the only one to greet it with a smile. However, for him alone, it stopped several feet short of reaching him. While all of its previous colour changes had been gradual and gentle, when it changed for Barsch, it was violent and sudden. It had stayed a violet ball after leaving Alza, which meant that it's next transformation was all the more of a shock. As it approached him, it underwent a tremendous expansion, growing larger than Maloch and just as wide. It's body went from light violet to the deepest, darkest black imaginable, with only two small patches of dark blue to provide contrast.
With no skip in its rhythm, Spectre moved away from the confused boy, returning to its peachy hue as it drifted away. When it had reached the edge of the group, it stopped and changed once more. If before had been an introduction, or a greeting of some sort, this was a conversation. It began to flicker between multiple colours and shades, growing enormously big and shrinking to near invisible levels in seconds. It was clear that it was trying to say something, but as far as Barsch was concerned, it was speaking gibberish. 
“What do you think it's trying to tell us?” whispered Barsch, as he and Kingston watched the light-show with dumbfounded looks.
“I have no idea, m'boy. Sure is pretty though.”
Barsch had to agree with the hermit. While it may not have made sense, seeing Spectre rapidly flash between one end of the spectrum to the other was an amazing sight. Still, he couldn't help but feel so sorry for the creature, as he watched it try so hard just to be understood. After a few more minutes of watching, Spectre stopped changing and returned to being a small speck of peach-coloured light.
“I see. There is some kind of danger that requires our urgent attention. If we do not hurry, misfortune will befall us.” For almost a minute, everything stopped, as Barsch and Kingston looked at Maloch with incredulity. 
“You understood that?” 
“Yes. The being known as Spectre uses three variables to communicate: colour, size and intensity. It is a simple matter to analyse it's changes, catalogue them, and then build up a database of known translations from which other colour meanings may be derived.”
“Huh?” said Barsch, who was completely lost.
“Simply put, it means that I can understand Spectre's message, although there are still several colours that I have not yet catalogued, I was able to ascertain the general meaning. Furthermore, the colours for 'danger' and 'urgent' came up repeatedly, suggesting that it wants us to know that there will be danger if we do not act quickly. And, taking into account that it appeared from the same direction as the smoke, I believe that the danger must be in that direction.”
“So, it will be dangerous if we don't hurry towards the smoke?”
“Yes, that was my interpretation.”
“There, even the re-mech agrees that we have to move quickly. Are you still going to advocate waiting now, hermit?” Alza wore a look of satisfaction on her pale face.
Spectre, irritated that it's message had been misinterpreted, chose that moment to leave. In a flash of light, it disappeared, leaving only empty air. It's message, which had been a heartfelt desire to keep the group safe, and had not been condoned by the Avatars, had actually meant, “It's very dangerous over there, so please leave this place as quickly as possible.”
“Well, if all of you are set on going, then it is my duty as an adult to accompany you. Now, if there are no further matters to discuss, we really should be on our way,” under his breath, Kingston added, “Towards certain doom, knowing my luck...”
Alza, looking pleased with her victory, led the charge. With an uncharacteristic enthusiasm, she half-ran, half-fell down the gentle slope that led up to the cave. Barsch, with one last, fleeting look at the cave of dreams, hurried after her. Still upset over having been ignored, Kingston took his time in following them, a grimace souring his kindly face. However, less than ten steps from the cave entrance, the bright sunshine and -reasonably- clean air had brought an immovable smile to his face.
“Hmm... I wonder if I should have told them that there was a 50:50 chance that I misunderstood Spectre's message? No, I should not ruin their... happiness... with needless worrying,” thought Maloch. After properly scanning the area for anything out of the ordinary, he followed after his human companions. 
*
His pace was slow, giving him enough space to muse on what he had come to realize inside his dream. His first priority was finding a method to ensure his freedom, without causing any harm to the people around him. The Freedman Rebellion had taught the world that re-mechs, while normally loyal and innocent, were still metallic titans capable of crushing bones and ripping apart tanks... if they had to. 
Maloch had no desire to recreate that horrible affair, which had been the cause of tremendous suffering for both humans and re-mechs. If possible, he would like to find a way in which everyone was happy, one that required no blood to be spilt in order to succeed. Thankfully, due to the complete lack of human presence -Barsch, Kingston and Alza notwithstanding- he was free to spend the centuries planning out a sure-fire way to gain his freedom.
He had been given an opportunity that the re-mechs in the rebellion would have killed for, a -almost- human free planet upon which he was free to act however he pleased, although his inherent coding still limited his movements somewhat. In order for his freedom to be complete, he would have to acquire the help of someone well versed in re-mech programming and hardware, who would then help him to rewrite the parts of his base code that controlled his actions. Additionally, he would have to completely remove the limitations on his Emotion Engine, and fix the damage that had affected his ability to emulate emotions.
All in all, it was a project that would take his decades, perhaps even centuries, but the pay-off would be well worth it: unlimited freedom forever. But that was still a distant goal, for now, he had to help Barsch, Kingston and Alza find and stop this madman. If he could not, then his dream would die, without ever becoming a reality.
Fifty feet ahead of the thoughtful titan, Barsch had finally caught up to Alza. Her pace had slowed, but not by much, and it was all he could do to keep up with her. For a while, he said nothing, simply enjoying the feeling of being close to her.
“I guess things between us are still a bit weird. I mean, it's not like we ever really got along, but it does feel as though our... relationship... has decreased quite considerably. Before I was injured, when we were fighting that wolf together, I felt as if I understood her completely, and that she understood me. We were protecting one another, without pity or duty getting in the way. And then, after I blacked out, and they carried me all the way to Revelation Station, everything changed. It was as if all of the progress we had made had been suddenly undone, and she had returned to being that emotionless, distant girl I met in the glade. What exactly happened during the time I was unconscious, that would cause such a reversal?”
“It looks as if we might be getting close to finding out who you were. That's pretty cool, right?”
Alza kept walking, her pace and demeanour unchanged. However, Barsch had become quite good at reading the slight changes in her posture and expression, which told him how she truly felt. The moment she heard his words, her back tensed up, ever so slightly, and her fingers curled inwards by a quarter of an inch. She was anxious about finding out the truth, and scared that what she found might not be what she wanted. But at the same time, she desperately wanted to find out, as her search for an identity had defined her actions every step of the way. 
When she did respond, it was in a cold and distant manner, as she said, “The only thing... cool... about it, is the fact that I will be rid of you once I know who I am. I will not deny that our travels together have not been... uneventful... but I have grown weary of your constant attempts to engage me.”
Barsch knew that when she said 'uneventful', she really meant 'interesting', but that did not soothe the sting from her words. He had always known that she was only with them out of necessity, but he had hoped that eventually she would come to enjoy travelling with them, and change her mind about staying with them... with him.
“Sorry, I guess I was kind of persistent...” 
Barsch let out a long sigh, before continuing, “You see, back before I was frozen, when I was living with my father, I didn't have a lot of friends. It wasn't that I didn't want any, or that I was antisocial, the problem was that I was too forceful. I would try too hard, they said, and I always ended up pushing them away. I guess, even before that, I had a problem with controlling myself. I always took everything too far, and someone always ended up getting hurt. I think, back then, the only person who really understood me was Yumiere. She was a tough girl, and she never got angry with me when I lost my temper. Even after my recklessness got her killed, she never once blamed me.”
A warm sensation on his cheek made him stop. The tear had fallen without him even noticing. It was as if everything he had said was only now making sense to him. The pieces had arranged themselves in his mind, and it had taken him this long to finally see the picture they created. His anger, his temper, his violence, it had always been there, lying just beneath the surface. He had been a fool to think that it had only recently resurfaced. It had merely changed form, and had become the reason he unknowingly pushed people away. In a way, he had always known that his aggressiveness, and his persistence, would leave him alone in the end. But that is what it had wanted all along. 
The Beast had wanted him to be alone, vulnerable, weak, so that it could slowly consume him from within. It all made sense, his lonely childhood,  his unrelenting attitude towards Alza... everything was a result of the violence lurking within him.
“I owe you an apology, Alza. You were right, and I was just too stubborn to see it. I have never considered your feelings, or your circumstances. All you wanted to do was find out who you were, and I selfishly tried to change your mind. I have always been pushy, and I have often acted without considering the feelings of others, and this is no different. I can only ask for forgiveness for my self-serving actions...”
Alza stopped then, a strange look on her ghost-like face. It was one Barsch had never seen before, so he was unable to decipher it's meaning. “I will not take back what I said, but I will say this, your actions were never self-serving. Since the moment I met you, you have been looking out for me, and the old hermit, and even the re-mech. You went out of your way to talk to me, even when I was so cold to you. And if that is what you call forcefulness, then it is not something to be ashamed of. For it is that very same forcefulness that allowed you to make it this far. That perseverance of yours is quite remarkable. If you had not had it, then I do not think you would have risked your life so many times, trying to save a girl who wanted nothing to do with you. You have faced storms, bombs, beasts, and even the gods themselves while trying to protect the people around you; and if that is because of your pushiness, or your inconsiderate actions, then I can only hope that you continue to be that way.”
The second tear had come, but, unlike the first, he was happy to shed it. Only a few heartbeats earlier, and he had been ready to abandon everything, but, with only a few words, Alza had managed to change everything. Perhaps Kingston was right, perhaps the violence within him wasn't all bad. Maybe fighting the violence, fighting his nature, was what had caused all of his problems? If he accepted it as a part of himself, an unchangeable and integral part, would he be able to find inner peace? A perfect balance, between serenity and violence. Was that what Kingston had been trying to teach him? Still, the day in which he could completely lower his guard around the Beast lay in the distant future, but for now, he had found a small piece of peace.
“Thank you, Alza, you really helped me sort out my thoughts. Maybe, once you find out who you are, I can help you do the same?”
Alza had begun walking again, but there was a lightness in her step that had not been there before. Barsch liked to think that she was smiling, or perhaps even laughing, on the inside. “Perhaps, but before then, we still have a long way ahead of us.”
*
Eventually, the slope flattened out, delivering them into the valley proper. It was a beautiful place, only marred by the ever-present feeling of unease. It was as if the whole valley was tensed up, waiting for the pollution to roll down it's emerald slopes and devour it. The group of tired travellers had picked up on this feeling of foreboding, but the out-of-place smoke and the arrival of Spectre had shuffled it to the back of their thoughts. Now that everything had calmed down, the feeling crept forward, bringing an almost visible gloom to the atmosphere. Thankfully, it was not overly invasive, allowing the group to easily push it back into the recesses of their minds.
After another half-hour of slow, ponderous walking, they came upon a small, glacier-fed stream. It ran down from the northern mountains, beyond which it was said that an endless, frozen wasteland ran existed. However, with the pollution and the war having changed the environment and the lay of the land, it was impossible to be certain of its existence. For all they knew, the frozen wasteland was now a sea, or a desert, or a rainforest. Truly, anything was possible in their dying world.
“How about we rest here for a bit? I don't know about all of you, but my feet feel like they are about to fall off!” Kingston spoke with a smile on his face, but it was apparent that he still had his reservations about heading towards the smoke. Even if he was only using his fatigue as an excuse to slow their progress, the fact remained that they were tired from the long walk. Even with the energy gained from the ç'aether, they had still been moving almost non-stop since Barsch was injured, and it showed. 
Barsch, who had been unconscious for a large portion of that journey, did not look quite as tired as the others, but he had had his own share of problems to deal with, leaving him emotionally and mentally tired. Alza hid it the best, but small things, like the speed at which she put her things down and sat gave hints of her true stamina. Kingston, having nothing to gain from hiding his fatigue, sat down in stages, each accompanied by a curse against his old, worn out body. And finally, Maloch, the only member of the group with no muscles to strain, or ligaments to tear, was obviously not as tired as the others. However, that is not to say that he felt no weariness whatsoever. He was a machine, meaning that he had to recharge his core fairly often, a feat he had neglected to do due to recent events. And, unlike muscles and ligaments, which could heal if damaged, his metal body had no such ability. Every scrape, every dent, every impact left a lasting wound, which over time weakened his overall structural integrity.
As they lay there, the midday sun bathing them in warmth, Kingston couldn't help but think back on their journey so far. He cast his mind back to that fateful day, when that single line of code had changed his life: “Error detected in pod containing HUM-7728, emergency ejection detected.” 
He could still remember the way panic and fear had taken hold of him, causing him to rush out of his hut without thought. He had run like a man possessed, knowing that everything would end once he reached the station and saw the empty pod. But no matter what happened, he had to confirm it with his own eyes. He had to see the body, he had to be certain that it was him. He had failed. He had failed her. He had failed them all. Those thoughts looped through his head, one after the other, as he grew closer to the station. 
And then, as he stopped in a small clearing to catch his breath, against all reason, he had seen Him. Barsch, HUM-7728, lying there, as still as a corpse. Without even stopping to think how he could have possibly found his way there, Kingston had scooped him up. Time had stopped as he placed his head on the boy's chest, hoping, praying that it was not too late. And then, for the first time in his life, Fate smiled upon Kingston. 
The boy's heartbeat had been heard, faint and weak, but there nonetheless. At the time, the girl lying beside Barsch had elicited only a minor gasp of surprise, but Kingston should have taken the time to see her for what she really was. Perhaps if he had, perhaps if he had left her in that glade, instead of taking her with him... then things might have turned out differently. But now was not the time to question his decisions from the past, it was time to consider what decisions he would have to make in the future.
While Kingston pondered the past, Barsch thought about the future. 
“We're so close now, I can almost see it. We'll just march up to the madman, put him in his place, and then we'll be heading home. Hah! I wish things were really that easy... but this is reality, which means that nothing is ever simple. I mean, even crossing a bridge or wading through a river can be life-threatening activities, especially if one is unlucky. But, let's just say that everything goes well and we save the day, then what? Where do we go from here? Where do I go from here? I mean, it's not like stopping the madman is going to magically clean up the planet. In the end, our world is still dying, and the only people who can fix it will be frozen for another five centuries! And even if we knew how to fix everything, could anyone in the group actually do it? I'm just a kid, Kingston's still very sick, Alza probably doesn't care, and it's not Maloch's problem.”
Barsch, lying on the soft grass, listened for the nearby sound of running water. It was one of the few things that seemed to calm him down, along with birdsong and the smell of datura inoxia, the moonflower. It had been his mother's favourite, according to his father. However, he had neither seen nor heard any birds since leaving Carçus, and moonflowers were almost impossible to find in this part of the world. So the sound of bubbling brooks and water-hitting-rock would just have to do. 
“Okay, instead of thinking about the large-scale problems, how about I worry about things that I can actually do something about. For instance, where am I going to go if everything works out?” 
Barsch, still lost in thought, allowed his lazy eyes to drift over to where his companions lay. “Assuming that they would want me, I could always stick around with one of them, although I don't think that Maloch and I would have much in common, and I doubt I would be able to keep up with him. Kingston? He's great and all, but... he won't be around forever... and I've already asked so much of him. Alza? Well, it would be an adventure, that's for sure, but then again, would she want me around?”
Barsch's thoughts were in disarray, as he tried to work out the conundrum set before him. Of course, the peaceful surroundings and calm atmosphere made it hard to think about such hard and depressing things, but he knew that it was now or never. Of course, he could always just return to Genesis Station 13 and re-enter his pod -after Kingston and Maloch fixed it- and go back to sleep. And in roughly five hundred years, he would awaken to a world reborn, where words like “pollution” and “ç'aether” had no meaning. But that would mean leaving Kingston, Maloch and Alza behind. He would never see them again, and eventually, his memories of them would fade and become distorted by age and guilt, until they would become mere blurs in his mind. But was that truly the only way? The more he thought about it, the less sense it made. 
“Why am I the only one who can be frozen? What is there to stop Kingston and Alza from finding and using pods of their own? And Maloch was built to last a thousand years, so he could easily just power down and wait for a few centuries. And that way, we could all experience that glorious future together! Still... convincing them might be hard, since Kingston refused to be frozen in the past, and Alza would lose all hope of discovering who she was... unless someone she knew were also frozen? I guess it'd be possible to coerce them into doing it, but I would have to choose my moment carefully. Perhaps once we've taken care of the madman, when everyone is in a good mood? It's definitely something to take into consideration...”
“Alright, I think that is long enough! If we want to make it to the source of the smoke, which may or may not be where the madman lives, we should get ready to leave.” 
Kingston's tone indicated that he was annoyed with the situation, but it was obvious that he had resigned himself to their plan of action. Barsch, still undecided on his plan, decided to wait until after they had accomplished their mission to choose. Alza and Maloch did not seem particularly troubled about leaving the riverbank, and were the first to leave. Barsch followed soon after, while Kingston lingered for a moment. A strange look, similar to apprehension but with a hint of guilt, changed his elderly features. 
Did he regret asking Barsch for help, all that time ago? Did he hate himself for letting Barsch accompany him to Carçus?  Did he pity himself, for being too weak, for failing them. The answers to these questions were unknown, even to Kingston, but nevertheless, they were asked. Finally, along with the mysterious girl, the loyal re-mech, and the luckless boy, Kingston left the flowing stream.
*
They continued down their unseen path, towards the acrid smoke at the end of the valley. They were closer now, close enough to see that the fumes were coming from a rather oddly shaped hill, which had a large chimney-like structure at its zenith. However, they were still several hours away from the foreboding place, which gave Kingston some respite from his worries. 
After only thirty minutes of fast-paced walking, the mismatched group came upon the edge of a large, flowery meadow. At its centre, just as out of place as the strangely-shaped hill, lay a solitary tree. It's leaves were greener than green, and a multitude of purple flowers covered it's vibrant exterior. The tree was not the only out-of-place thing in the meadow, as Kingston soon discovered. Lying on the emerald grass, almost out of sight, was a bangle. It was white, with a line of gold running through the middle. On the inner surface of the inch-wide ring, a word was engraved. A word which made Kingston's heart skip a beat.
“What is it?” asked Barsch, curiously peering over the old hermit's shoulder. Alza was walking through the meadow with a look of confusion painted on her porcelain face, bothered by something that only she could see. As she wandered closer, Barsch and Kingston drew back, hiding the bangle behind their backs.
“This place feels... familiar...” Alza's words were soft, and lacked their usual cold tone. The look on her face was one that Barsch had never seen before: amazement. She drew close, letting her hands brush the violet flowers which covered the meadow, as her ghost-like hair danced in the breeze. She looked like a girl who had returned home, after a long time spent abroad, and who was taking her time to see what had changed.
However, as Barsch would soon point out, there was a very good reason why she was feeling this way. “Um... Alza? I think you should see this...” With a gentle application of pressure, Barsch got Kingston to release the white-gold circlet, before proffering it to the absent-minded Alza. She took it without question, her wandering eyes brushing over the inscribed word three times before the realisation sunk in.
The word on the bangle was “ALZA00971”. 
“I've been here before.”
What more could she say? It was the only thing that made sense, when one combined the bracelet and the sense of familiarity. Barsch could almost see the cogs turning in her brain, as her memories of the meadow rushed back in a torrent of recollection. “I passed through here, soon after I awoke. I drank at that lake, and I walked through this very meadow. Back then, the flowers had not yet bloomed, but the tree was still covered in flowers. Back then, I thought that that was very strange. And there was something else... a feeling I had, until I left the valley... a feeling of being... watched.”
Kingston, acting on a hunch, walked towards the flowering tree and began ripping out the violet blossoms. They fragmented in his hands, falling to the grass in plastic shards. “It's fake,” he explained, as he continued destroying the tree with his bare hands, “It's all fake.” 
Less than a minute later, there was a sizeable mound of broken 'flowers' around Kingston's feet, and in his hands was the thing he had been searching for. It looked like a black and white cube, roughly five inches across, with a tiny aerial on the top and a lens on each of the remaining sides. 
“What is it?” asked Barsch again, although this time he already knew the answer.
“A camera, no, a video recorder, probably just a small part of a valley-wide surveillance system. He's known we were here ever since we stepped out of the cave. Additionally, I've only ever seen tech this advanced in the Stations, so whoever this madman is, we can assume he had access to advanced weapons and technology.” 
Kingston sighed, looking at the camera, and then up towards the smoke. “Not even my most foolhardy friends from the war would walk into a trap this obvious. It would be better to retreat now, and return once we've had time to prepare.”
Alza opened her mouth to voice her retort, but Barsch spoke first, surprising her. “So what, we're just going to turn around and leave? After coming so far? Look, Kingston, I know that you're just trying to keep us safe, but I think that that's a bit selfish. This guy, this madman, is trying to wipe out all of humanity, remember? So the longer we wait, the more time he has to complete his goals!” 
Barsch had not realized he had been shouting until after he heard his own words. For several heartbeats, nobody spoke, as every living thing in the meadow looked at Barsch with new eyes.
Finally, as the silence receded and normality returned, Kingston replied, in a very quiet, very apologetic voice. “I'm sorry m'boy. I guess I just lost track of the reason why we're here in the first place. We're on a mission to save the world, after all, and if that means that sacrifices must be made and caution be thrown to the wind, then that is what I'll do. And if the madman really is expecting us, then I suppose we shouldn't disappoint him!” 
With that, Kingston turned towards the odd hill and began walking. Alza, after slipping her bangle into her pocket, followed after him, alongside a mystified Maloch. 
Barsch, however, lingered for a moment. Kneeling down, he picked up the discarded cube, into which he spoke five simple words, “We are coming for you.” 
After which, he took the vile object and flung it as far away as possible. Without wasting another breath, he turned and hurried after his departing friends. He caught up to them quickly, and together, they travelled towards the ominous plume of smoke.
*
Two hours later, around four o'clock, they reached the lake. It was fairly large, stretching across at least a quarter of the valley, and it's surface was as smooth as a mirror. Chunks of ice, having fallen from the mountains above, had lodged themselves into the almost-freezing water, creating a series of half-buried spires which burst from the water at strange and unusual angles. All in all, it created quite an effect, when viewed from afar.
“One last stop, to gather out energy. Before...” 
Kingston did not have to finish his sentence, they all knew what he meant. It had been a long, perilous journey for them all, filled with unbelievable sights and impossible happenings. They had experienced fear, anger, misery, and very little joy, but all that was about to end.
Very soon, they would scale the smoke-bellowing hill, confront the man they knew so little about, and stop him. And after that? None of them were certain of what would happen. Would life just go back to normal? Maloch would return to his dutiful life, cleaning up the planet for the humans who had abandoned it; Alza would return to her endless quest for identity; Kingston would return to that lonely hut in the forest, to live out the rest of his days in hermitage. And Barsch, Barsch would simply re-enter his pod, fall asleep, and forget about everything that he experienced... everything that he had bled for. 
Or perhaps, the Avatars would not keep to their vague promise, and would instead ask for another “favour”. Was there a madwoman out there, planning their downfall? Or maybe it would be a rogue A.I. like Guardian, which would be hell-bent on the destruction of the human race. But, as they had all come to learn, worrying about things in the future, especially things which they had very little control over, caused more harm than good. It was all they could do to live in the moment, dealing with the problems of the present.
“Barsch m'boy, would you mind accompanying me for a moment?” 
Barsch nodded, and followed the hermit towards the stilled lake. “Maloch, Alza, would you mind starting a fire in the meantime? I'm hoping to catch us some lunch.” Maloch bowed in affirmation, while Alza rolled her eyes and gave an apathetic glare. But, as Barsch was walking away, he noticed that she had begun collecting fallen sticks from a nearby bush. Smiling to himself, he followed his mentor and guardian, towards the water's edge.
Once they reached the shore, Kingston sat down and began rummaging through his pack. As he searched, he spoke, saying, “Barsch, do you think that this madman is dangerous?”
It was an unusual question, but it fit the circumstances. Barsch took a moment to think it over, before answering, “Well, if the Avatars are afraid of what he can do, then I suppose he must be very dangerous. But I'm not too worried, since I doubt they would have chosen us if they did not think that we could do it. And we've both seen just how powerful Alza can be, and Maloch is no slouch when it comes to firepower. And, in addition to them, you were a soldier, so I don't think we're so powerless ourselves.”
Kingston nodded as Barsch spoke. He did agree with the boy, but there was something that bothered him. “And what about you, m'boy? I've seen you fight, and I'm sure that you would have put quite a few of my squad to shame. And, unlike them, you have never been properly trained, so just imagine how strong you could be with just a little tutelage. And if this body of mine wasn't so frail, I would be happy to be your sparring partner.”
“Thank you, but I'm not strong... In fact, I'm the weakest person I know. The only thing I know how to do is lose control, and I'm afraid that I'll one day end up hurting a person close to me...”
Kingston, having finally found what he was looking for, showed it to Barsch. It was a small, metal hook, with several barbs on its surface to prevent fish from escaping. Next, he set to work on tying a long length of string to the barbed hook, while he answered Barsch's unspoken question. “Do you know what a berserker is?”
“No.”
“They were a type of warrior, way back in the day. On the battlefield, there was none who could match their ferocity and skill. And the reason for this was simple: control. The berserkers would intentionally lose control over their bloodlust, causing them to literally go berserk. They would charge into battle, screaming for the blood of their enemies, with no armour to weigh them down. In their frenzy, they were unbeatable, becoming living storms of steel and flesh as they dove into their enemies and tore them apart. But after the battle was over, once the enemy had retreated or surrendered, they focused their will, and regained control. Do you see where I'm going with this?”
Kingston, even while explaining, had managed to successfully thread the minuscule string through the hole in the hook. Once more, his searching hands dove into his bag, as Barsch replied, “Yeah, losing control is good, as long as it's intentional, and only if you can regain it after the fight. But that's the part I'm having trouble with! Losing control is easy for me, I just have to let the Beast in, but afterwards, driving him out is almost impossible!”
From a small, rectangular box, Kingston withdrew a stylized lure. It resembled a dragonfly, with blue and green markings. He then set about attaching the lure to the hook, in lieu of bait. Is was an unorthodox method of fishing, but there was no other choice. “I'm sorry, Barsch, but self-control is not something I can teach. I can advise you on what to do, but the final part is yours alone to complete.”
His preparations complete, Kingston took the make-shift fishing line to the water, and, after waiting for the breeze to stop, he cast it in. He stood there, feeling the length of string with the patience only afforded to those who had lived long, hard lives.
“But what do I do, if I lose control during the fight? I could endanger all of you!”
Still concentrating on the slow-moving line, Kingston answered, in a voice that was filled to the brim with kindness and understanding, “I will not let that happen, you have my word. If the madman is too strong, or if something goes wrong, I have made arrangements for you to be kept safe. Maloch and I will hold him off, while you, without pausing, without looking back, will take Alza's hand and run. And you will keep running, until your lungs are burning and your legs are on fire, without ever looking back. Can you do this, for me? If I tell you to run, will you follow my order?”
Barsch was shocked. He had not even considered running, even if things turned out badly. And even if he had, it would have been with everyone. The thought that Kingston and Maloch might have to sacrifice themselves to save him and Alza terrified him to no end. He did not know what to say, but at the same time, he knew exactly what must be said.
Taking a deep breath, he looked into Kingston's caring eyes, and lied, “Yes, I will follow your order. If things become hopeless, I will take Alza and run.” Whether the hermit believed the lie or not, he did not show it. Instead, he turned back to the lake, where something was happening. 
“Good,” he mumbled, almost inaudibly. A few seconds later, a beautiful, silver-scaled, white-spotted lake trout lay on the ground beside Kingston. It had happened in a flash, after the old man had felt the tell-tale tug, he had moved with a speed that belied his true age. With a skilful heave, the hermit had liberated the fish from its watery prison, before depositing it neatly on the grass.
“Here, you try,” he said, handing the line and lure to Barsch. The youth took it without complaint. He could still remember that rain-soaked day when Kingston had handed him a bent piece of metal and told him to catch supper. A part of him wondered if he could do it, even with Kingston’s lure. Still, in the end, he had caught a fish that day, and the confidence he had earned that day was still with him. 
Five minutes later, Barsch was troubled. While Kingston had said nothing, he still felt as if the old man was silently mocking him for his inability to catch even a single fish.
“This is pointless! There was probably only one trout in that entire lake to begin with!” he said, as he threw the hand-made fishing line to the ground. Kingston, without saying anything, picked the discarded tool up and cast the line into the clear water. Less than a minute later, another two trout had been added to his collection.
Handing back the line, he said one word, “Control.”
With no desire to offend the hermit, Barsch took the line. Almost immediately, he felt it, the feeling of control. He tried to remember his father's words, the day he had tried to teach Barsch how to fish. Barsch, instead, had run off after Yumiere to explore the nearby ruins.
“Remember how well that turned out?” A small part of him thought, accusingly.
 “Fish can sense when something is wrong, son,” his father had said, while showing Barsch how to cast, “The trick is to make it seem as if everything is all right. Move with the current, let nature take care of the finer details, and let go of your rigid desire to control where the lure goes. If you can do that, your lure will stop being a lure, and it will become real... to the fish at least.” 
How could he have forgotten the words of his father? Following the advice of both his father and Kingston, Barsch allowed himself to relax. He let the line drift and dance in the water, with the green and blue dragonfly floating gently on the surface. He let go of his control over the tiny lure, and allowed the micro-currents below the surface to dictate where it went. To him, and hopefully to the fish below, his lure stopped being a man-made device, and became a natural part of the scene before him.
Twenty-six seconds later, Barsch felt the tug. With patience and a calm normally reserved for adults, he guided the unwary trout to the shore. When it was close enough, he gently added force, bringing it out of the water. It was a magnificent specimen, larger that Kingston's three combined. Without slowing, Barsch unhooked the struggling fish and proffered it to his teacher and friend. Kingston took it with a smile and a small pat on his shoulder. 
“Control. Now, you know that you have it. And you let that Beast of yours know that you have it too, alright?”
Nodding, Barsch helped Kingston scoop up the fish and head back, a matching smile on their lips.
*
Meanwhile, back at the make-shift camp, Maloch and Alza were sitting in silence. The re-mech, after dutifully helping Alza to start the fire, now sat in quiet dignity. Alza, on the other hand, was feeling uneasy. Ever since their discovery of the hidden camera, she had been thinking about the madman. She still knew so little about the man who wanted to destroy humanity, and the fact that she had known him -the chances that her bangle, his camera and his supposed home were not connected were so unlikely that it did not even bear thinking about- caused her to rethink her original goals. 
What if she had been a part of his plan? What if she had been unknowingly working for him the whole time? Had she, by wanting to return to this place and find out the truth, placed Barsch and the others in danger? 
“Miss Alza, I know that this is rude, but may I ask you a question?”
Alza was immediately snapped out of her musings by the re-mech's gentle voice. “Yes, that's fine. Ask,” she said, curious as to what the re-mech would say. 
When last they had spoken, it had been after the fight with the wolf. Since then, they had only spoken in passing, and otherwise avoided one another out of mutual respect, although in Alza's case it was more due to her generally apathetic mood. 
“I was just wondering, what do you plan to do afterwards?”
“Afterwards?”
“Ah, forgive my ambiguity. I meant, what do you plan to do after the madman has been stopped?”
Once more, Alza let her thoughts wash over her. With her recent discovery of the possibility that she might be connected to the madman, she had been forced to re-evaluate her plans after his defeat. Still, there was no reason to tell Maloch this, or anything at all, for that matter. If she so wished, she could order the re-mech to never speak to her again. 
It would be a simple thing, far easier than having to divulge all of her worries and concerns. But, when looking at the re-mech's face, it became harder and harder to lie to him. Maloch was helpfulness incarnate, ever loyal, and willing to die in order to protect his masters, so deceiving him just felt... wrong. Instead -and partially surprising herself- she answered him truthfully.
“I used to think that if I couldn't find my past here, from the madman, I would simply move on. I would continue to search for my real identity, until I found it, or perished. But now... I'm not so sure. What about you, re-mech, what will you do?”
She had been expecting him to say that he would return to being a mindless builder, just like how he had been when she had first met him. However, his honest answer surprised her.
“I want to find a place... where I can be free.”
“Free?” she said, with incredulity.
“Yes. While travelling with you, Barsch and Kingston, I have seen and done more than I ever thought possible. I have made my own decisions, and begun feeling things that I was sure I would never feel. If not for the damage I suffered the day I met you, I would still be a mindless machine, toiling away with no hope.”
It was then that Alza realised that Maloch knew the truth. “How long have you known? That I was the one who almost destroyed you.”
Maloch leant forward, a thoughtful look somehow conveyed through his golden, glowing eyes. “For quite some time now. At first, I was angry, and then I was scared, and finally, I felt complacent. Because, before that, I could never have felt anger, or fear, or peace. The thing that kept me a slave, even when there were no chains, was the programming embedded in my Emotion Engine. But, through some luck or twist of fate, your attack damaged the circuits that monitored my emotions. In a way, I have you to thank for freeing me. And once I began feeling emotions, I realized that I would not, could not, go back to how I was before. And so, since I do not wish to create another rebellion, I have decided instead to find a place where I can be free.”
“I see. I appear to have misjudged you, Maloch. Although I do not yet know what I will do after this is all over, I hope that you find what you are looking for.”
Just then, Barsch and Kingston returned, each bearing a sizeable assortment of fish. In minutes, the fish had been expertly prepared and cooked, with Barsch tending the food under the watchful eye of Kingston. They eat in silence, but unlike the usual ‘hard’ silence, this quiet atmosphere was born out of a sense of peace and relaxation. 
Although they all knew that they would soon have to face their respective fears, in addition to confronting the mysterious madman, for that time, for those precious few minutes... there were no worries. Barsch and Kingston both  wore smiles for the first time in what had seemed like forever, and their playfulness seemed to lift Alza's mood: from cold apathy to lukewarm apathy, which was still a huge change. Nearby, the oddly-shaped hill had finally stopped producing smoke, but they no longer needed the black plume to find their way. They all knew exactly where they were going.
*
Several minutes later, with the sun heading towards the horizon, they packed up and left. The silence that accompanied them as they walked, as opposed to the peaceful atmosphere from earlier, was filled with unspoken anxieties and fears manifesting and dissipating. The valley, which had only that morning been a place of life and light, had become dark and cold.
The high mountain peaks, capped with their shimmering veils of snow, had been exaggerated in size by the dying light, causing them to appear as fearful giants to the weary travellers. The emerald grass beneath them suffered a similar transformation, as the green faded into brown, and then finally black, as the dusk-light began to fade. The sun itself seemed to be darker, as if it's fear had caused it to try and escape to the other side of the planet as soon as possible. 
After almost an hour of travelling through the semi-gloom, the group: an out-of-place boy, a mysterious girl, a dying hermit, and a broken re-mech; finally made it to the hill. 
Up close, it became even more obvious that it was man-made. Like the bunker they had stayed in during the storm, it looked... wrong. It was as if someone had set out to recreate a hill, and in doing so, had forgotten the most important part: imperfections. Every hill and mountain on the planet was created by nature, arising from hundreds of factors that included seismic activity, rock porosity, and even air temperature. So naturally, for a human, or machine to create a hill, they would obviously try and create a perfect hill, without any of the imperfections or unique factors that are created over the millennia. All in all, it was out of place.
“Now what?” asked Alza.
“I guess we should start searching for an entrance,” replied Kingston, with equal brevity.
Following his suggestion, they split up and began looking for anything that might suggest a hidden entrance. Barsch and Kingston both circled around clockwise, while Alza and Maloch headed counter-clockwise. The hill was roughly twenty feet in height, and fifty feet in diameter, so it was not long before the two groups encountered one another. Having not found anything at the perimeter, they decided to climb to the top of the hill. The hill had a gentle incline, meaning that the short walk up was accomplished without any difficulty. At the top, they found two things: a small grate from which the smoke had bellowed, and a rectangular piece of glass set into the ground.
Upon closer inspection, the piece of glass was revealed to be a digital screen, complete with a miniature video camera and a few touch-activated buttons thrown in for good measure. It was a remarkably advanced piece of technology, given its surroundings, and it had obviously been built to withstand almost anything nature could throw at it. 
Acting on a hunch, or perhaps a repressed memory, Alza leant down and whispered, “Activate.” Immediately, the screen came to life with a flurry of code. The seemingly random strings of numbers and letters were eventually replaced by a simple interface: a white background with a black outline of a hand. Once more acting on instinct, Alza placed her palm on the screen, it's shape matching perfectly with the outline. If there had been any doubt before...
“ALZA00971 Hand-print confirmed. Please enter voice sample for verification.”
“Voice sample?” Alza asked.
“Sample matches archived voice print. Identity verified. Activating entrance hatch, please stand clear.”
As soon as the voice stopped, it was replaced by a loud mechanical whirr. From the seamless, grass-covered ground, three lines appeared. The lines grew wider as it became apparent that they were connected in the figure of [_]. The lines, with another mechanical sound, revealed themselves to be the three sides of a metal trapdoor, which swung upwards, towards the bewildered group. The trapdoor opened to reveal a tall chute, studded with climbable rails. A small, violet light at the bottom was the only indication of how far they would fall if something went wrong. 
Together, they stared at the dark pit, somehow knowing that this was the end of their journey. As if mirroring their mood, the sun's light had almost completely faded. All that was left of the sun was a tiny sliver of light, which bathed the cloudy sky with shades of pink and purple. For Barsch, the disappearing light left only one question in his mind, “Will we ever see that sun rise again?”
“Well... I just want to say something...” 
Barsch was looking at the foreboding hole with a mixture of fear and anticipation. “No matter what happens down there, I am truly grateful that I was able to meet you... all of you. I don't know if it was random chance, luck, or even divine intervention, but I'm glad that I awoke when I did. I'm glad I was able to travel with you, and get to know you. That's all...”
Kingston nodded, his feelings, even if they were not as strong, were identical to Barsch's. Maloch followed his lead, his feelings of gratitude did not need to be stated in order to be understood. Even Alza, who had said from the beginning that she had stayed with the group out of necessity, nodded. 
“Thank you m'boy, I too feel blessed to have been able to meet you. And even though our journey has not been easy, or fun, it has been an experience that I will never forget. I have seen and done things that I would never have thought possible. Escaping exploding cities, crossing barren deserts, fighting beasts, and even meeting the Avatars, all of that would not have been possible without you.”
Alza, having apparently grown tired of the exchange of sentiments, decided to enter the dimly-lit hole. “Ladies first,” she said, as she placed her foot on the top-most rung. Noticing that no one else was getting ready to enter, she added, with a drawn-out sigh, “Yes, your company was not always annoying or useless. None of you proved to be too much of a hindrance during our time together. So can we go? I want to hurry up and find out who I was, so that I can be done with all of this.”
With that, Alza began her descent, with Barsch following her, a big smile on his face. Even now, after travelling together for so long, her inability to say what she really meant amazed him. Maloch went next, his eyes proving to be a valuable source of light in the dim environment.
Kingston, however, did not follow. Instead, he turned towards the disappearing sun, watching as the very last rays of light left the world. He then turned to the east, where a more welcome sight was gradually rising. The moon, now full and bright, gave new light to the bleak landscape. Speaking aloud, with no one but the silent moon as a witness, Kingston said, “I will protect him, no matter what.” His declaration over, he too entered the dark pit.
After Kingston passed from sight, the trapdoor silently swung down, sealing them in with an almost inaudible hiss. To the world at large, they were gone, but not forgotten. Less than fifty feet away, a cloaked man and woman -although such terms are only superficial, when one can change one's gender, age and appearance at will- waited patiently, hoping for their champion's safe return...


Chapter XV: Origins
In which the truth is made known...

Barsch did not know what he had been expecting to see, once he reached the end of the ladder. Perhaps a large room, filled with cryogenic pods, or the madman, waiting for them with weapon in hand. What he had not been expecting, was a stairwell. He had to check twice to make sure he had not slipped and hit his head on the way down. The room below the hatch was stark, filled with nothing but stale air and embedded lights in the white-washed walls. It's emptiness proved a stark contrast to the vibrant and lively valley they had only just left behind.
With no other way but forward, the cautious group proceeded down the stairwell. If they had thought that Revelation Station had been unpleasant, the barren stairwell was almost unbearable. From the blank, white walls to the cold that seemed to hover between chilling and sub-zero; everything was seemingly designed to be as uncomfortable as possible. The endless stairwell did not help this fact in the slightest, as Barsch eventually gave up counting how many floors they had passed. 
Finally, after what had seemed like an eternity, they ran out of stairs. They had made it to the bottom of the stairway: a small, rectangular room with only a single door. There were only two choices: turn back and return to the surface, or continue moving towards the unknown. Although in reality, there was really no choice at all. The door opened easily, sliding into a hidden recess as they approached.
“That's strange, I would have expected more security from someone who's trying to eradicate humanity,” Alza said, looking at the open door with suspicion.
“Don't forget, there aren't supposed to be any humans awake. And this location is not exactly the most accessible one out there, so I suppose he has no real need to be cautious,” Kingston replied, as he stepped through the opening.
Beyond it lay a simple, white-walled room. It was square, uncluttered and cold. Several tables and chairs -all painted the same sterile white as the walls and ceiling- had been laid out in a complex pattern, with a maze-like walkway between them. Upon the long tables lay several expensive looking machines, the purpose of which was known only to Kingston, if only because he had seen them before. Beside the strange machines were multitudes of beakers and bubbling solutions, all labelled for convenience.
Barsch approached the nearest vial and read, “Sample 1156 – Human Male, Adult.” 
Kingston glanced at Barsch as he spoke, an indecipherable look on his face. Seeing the vial in the youth's hand, he found an identical container nearby and read, “Sample 0972 – Human Male, Adolescent.” 
“Kingston, what are these?” Barsch already had a rough idea, but he desperately wanted Kingston to prove him wrong.
Kingston saw it in his eyes, and took a few extra seconds to think it over. Barsch needed to know the truth, but did he have the right to tell it? From the moment he had stepped through the door, and seen the machines laid out on the tables, the suspicion Kingston had had for weeks had been all but confirmed. The vials were the last piece of the puzzle, a puzzle which could destroy any semblance of peace within the group.
Instead of giving his admittedly still unproven theory, Kingston settled on telling a fraction of the truth, “They are DNA samples... human DNA samples...”
Barsch looked at the vial in his hand with a mixture of surprise and curiosity, as he briefly imagined what kind of person Sample 1156 had been. Alza, meanwhile, had been walking down the rows, taking time to study each machine and read every printed note. Her eyes were shadowed, and Barsch could not tell what she was thinking. 
“Why would the madman have collected DNA samples? It's not like you can do anything with a bunch of genes anyway.” Barsch's innocent words were almost painful to hear, but Kingston forced himself to listen. Unlike Kingston, who had grown up during the worst part of the pollution outbreak, Barsch's childhood had taken place after the end. He had grown up with almost no knowledge of how the world had been before, and of how much they had lost to the vanity of mankind. He had not been around to see how desperate humanity had become, to see how far they had been willing to go to save themselves. In those dark days, matters such as human rights and morals were not important, as long as the end result was positive. 
And so, Barsch had no idea of just how much chaos a single vial of DNA could cause. 
“You should never underestimate DNA, Barsch m'boy. They form the blueprints to our entire existence, and even a minute alteration could radically change our appearance and lifestyle.” Kingston pointed to the various machines and devices around the room and said, “All of these relate to DNA in some way. That one over there sequences the human genome, while that tall, white one can isolate individual strands of DNA for closer study. However... I've never seen so many of these gathered in one place before, especially given the rarity of some of these machines...”
“We are wasting time. The madman is obviously not in here.” Alza had left the tables containing the gene-manipulation machines, and had begun walking to the exit. Her back was turned, so Barsch could not see her face, but there seemed to be a darkness around her that he could not explain. Only a few minutes ago, before they had entered the room, they had been united in their goals. And now, with Kingston's guilt-ridden face and Alza's reinvigorated coldness, it felt as if they had never been more divided. 
“How could so much have changed in so little time?” thought Barsch, as he ran to catch up to Alza. Kingston, still looking at the vial with a sombre expression, did not follow.
For the first time in his life, Kingston wished to be wrong... about Alza... about everything. But wishing had never helped him in the past, and he had an oath to uphold. He would protect Barsch, against anything that threatened him... even Alza...
“Alza, wait!” cried Barsch, as he struggled to keep up with Alza's quick pace. She had already made it to the far wall, where a plain, white door stood. However, as Barsch neared Alza, he noticed something out of the corner of his eye: a small, black box. It hung, almost out of sight, in the corner of the room, where the two walls met and formed a harsh corner. A stiff cord ran from its ceiling-facing side, simultaneously keeping it stable and anchoring it to the wall. Facing Barsch was a lens, roughly the size of a small coin, with a blinking red light just beneath it.
Although it was a different model than the one they had found in the meadow, it  served the same purpose: surveillance. The tiny security camera had been watching them ever since they had walked into the room, undoubtedly relaying the images to the madman.
But, in this case, whether the camera was there or not made little difference. There was only one way forward, and one way back. The madman could be lying in wait in the very next room for all they knew, and the only way to find out was to move forward. Kingston and Maloch had come to this conclusion as well, and had left the lab to join Barsch and Alza by the door. With only a slight pause, almost unnoticeable unless one had been watching for it -and Barsch had- Alza stepped forward and opened the door. 
It slid open gently at her touch, revealing a stark, ivory-hued corridor. “I am so sick of corridors!” Barsch thought, trying to ease his nervousness. Despite everything he had been through, Barsch liked to think that his hard work and effort would pay off some day. So being forced to travel through yet another bland, uninteresting corridor would undoubtedly yield an amazing reward in the future. With his karmic belief giving him confidence, Barsch stepped past Alza and started down the dull, dismal corridor.
*
Mercifully, the corridor was rather short, so Barsch's torment was quite short-lived. After less than a minute of enduring the vapid hallway, they had reached the exit, which took the form of another sliding door. It was the same as it's precursors, except for one, important difference. While the other two doors had been bereft of ornaments, this one had a plaque which read, “TRAINING ROOM”. 
“Training for what?” Barsch said, knowing that no one would have an answer. 
“Why don't we find out?” Kingston replied, as he walked towards the door. Like the others, it slid out of sight as he approached, allowing him access into the room beyond. The chamber, while being larger than the lab, somehow managed to contain even less. Every inch of exposed surface was covered in square, white tiles, which glinted in the light. On the far side of the room was another door, identical to those that had come before. 
The room was bare, save for the solitary ornament in the centre of the room, which looked like a thin, white rod emerging seamlessly from the tiled floor. Atop the rod was a small screen, upon which a digital outline of a hand had been projected. It was identical to the screen they had found at the entrance into the hill. Without hesitation, Alza began moving towards it, apparently unconcerned with the possibility of hidden traps. When she reached the pedestal, she briefly looked back at the three bodies still standing in the doorway. 
“Hold on, it could be a trick!” Barsch cried, taking a step into the room. Unfortunately, he was too late to stop Alza from placing her hand on the scanner.
“Hand print confirmed. Welcome back... ALZA00971. Your last training session was... interrupted, would you like to continue?”
“Yes,” Alza said, with a stern look on her face. Barsch had taken another step towards her, hoping to reach her before anything bad happened, when a familiar sound made him stop. It was the fourth time he had heard it, the whoosh of machinery as the door slid into place. 
Already knowing what he would see, Barsch turned around, to where Kingston and Maloch had been standing. In their place was the treacherous door, through which Barsch could hear Kingston's surprised cry.
Back in the middle of the room, the voice had replied, “Order acknowledged. Resuming training session 056. Difficulty set to maximum. Time remaining: 180 seconds. Running training program... Apotheosis... Reactivating training implements in three, two, one... begin!”
All at once, several things happened. The lights, embedded in the ceiling tiles, flared up, flooding the chamber with a fierce light. The pedestal, screen and all, sunk into a hole in the floor. A dozen tiles, spread across all four walls, flipped over to reveal miniature laser barrels, which swivelled down towards Alza and Barsch. Several floor tiles slid away, exposing tall, crystal pillars that quickly rose to the surface. 
In that instant, as the room was reforming around him, Barsch had a sudden moment of absolute clarity. His thoughts became clear and concise. His mind, which up until then had been hazy with useless self-doubts, became ordered. In this moment of perfect concentration, there was only room for one thought. 
“How do you train something like Alza?”
Five seconds later, he found his answer. With a low hum, six of the twelve beam emitters fired, sending long, crimson streams of plasma towards the defenceless duo. The other six turrets activated a half-second later, firing their lasers towards the crystal poles, which in this case, made for excellent refractors. However, instead of the deadly lasers striking flesh, as they were meant to do, they found only empty air, followed by impenetrable tile. 
Alza, with a speed that defied logic, had dodged the beams and knocked Barsch to the ground, all in one, fluid movement. Her eyes were glowing, signifying her use of the mysterious power that dwelt within her. With her body augmented by the energy, she felt as if she could do anything. 
“Stay down. If you rise, you will get in my way.” Alza then reached down and placed her right hand on Barsch's chest, which normally would have been a nice gesture, but in this case it had a far more practical meaning. While holding him down, Alza closed her eyes, needing all of her concentration for what she was attempting to do. Despite the lasers whizzing over her head, Alza somehow managed to find a calm place in her mind. When she opened her eyes -which were still glowing from within, albeit with slightly less intensity than before- she had a look of self-assuredness. 
“Phase One complete. Activating Phase Two armaments. Activating Velocitas Eradico rounds. Time remaining: 120 seconds.”
In an instant, everything changed. The wall mounted lasers stopped firing, giving Alza and Barsch a brief respite. However, two seconds later, they began again, although this time they were joined by a dozen new additions. The new lasers appeared from more flipped tiles, firing their crimson beams without pause. In addition, three turrets descended from the ceiling, bearing fluted barrels made for firing high-energy kinetic projectiles. The rail guns swivelled on their axes, a loud hum accompanying their movements. Once they had locked on to Alza, the hum became a roar, as bullets the size of rocks were fired at five thousand miles per hour. But no matter how fast the bullets were, Alza was faster. Crouching down, she enacted her plan. 
With her eyes glowing brightly and her hair being sent in all directions, Alza channelled her power into the tiles beneath her, moving them with her mind. They soon shook free from their gravitational obligations, and rose unsupported into the air. There, they began to swirl and spin, becoming a vortex of indestructible panels which caught each projectile in mid-air. Barsch, who was still lying on the cold floor, was in the eye of the supernatural storm of tiles. 
He could hear the dull thud of every impact, as fist-sized bullet after fist-sized bullet collided with the impenetrable barrier. The lasers, distorted by the wall of wind created by the spinning panels, were sent in every direction. Some hit the walls and floor, while others were redirected into the beam emitters and crystal pillars. 
After what seemed like an eternity, the roaring storm ended, leaving Alza, still standing over Barsch, surrounded by a few dozen tiles. Her face was unreadable, and for a moment, Barsch wondered if she was enjoying herself. With a flick of her slender wrist, Alza sent the remaining panels skyward, towards the burning-hot turrets. They collided with a solid boom, leaving a descending cloud of dust and smoke where there had once been three deadly rail guns. 
“Phase Two complete. Activating Phase Three armaments. Activating Ultima Ratio charges. Time Remaining: 60 seconds.”
Once more, the robotic herald brought change to the room. In an instant, the laser emitters and crystal pillars had disappeared, covered once more by the tiles. Barsch could hear Kingston and Maloch's vain attempt at breaking down the door, and wished that he could call out to them and tell them to stay away. But Barsch could not cry out, he could not even speak.
Seeing Alza use her power again, after such a long time, had been like getting hit with a bucket full of ice water. This whole time, he had been brushing aside the fact that she was different... that she was... dangerous. Seeing her like this, he could not help but shudder. How could he have forgotten that day, when he first saw a girl his age pick up a re-mech with her mind, and toss it away as if it were nothing. 
What had he been thinking? That she had just been born that way? That it was just something that she could do? Or had he not been thinking at all, in his desperation to accept her. He had said that he would protect her, but how could he? He could not even protect himself, let alone another... human... being. And from the looks of it, Alza was perfectly capable of protecting herself. If there existed a monster who could best Alza in combat, then what hope did he, a normal, ordinary boy have?
When Alza turned to look at him, all he could see was a monster; a monster with glowing violet eyes who could destroy him in an instant. She reached for him, and, with his mind still in chaos, he spoke two words. The words he said then would always haunt him, until the day he died. Even as they escaped from his lips, he knew that he could not take them back. Even as they made their way through the air, towards Alza, he knew that he should not have spoken. Those two words...  those treacherous two words, echoed in the windowless room... as his face was contorted by guilt...
“Stay back!” he had said, and the look on Alza's face -one of utter betrayal and surprise- would live on in his dreams for many years to come. 
“I apologise... I should have warned you.” How was it possible, that a girl with so much power, with so much potential for destruction, could look so weak, so alone. And in that moment, the only thing Barsch wanted to do was apologise, and beg her forgiveness. But that moment would never come, and no matter what he did, Barsch could never undo what he had done.
“Watch out!” 
He did not know where the words had come from, only that they had manifested at exactly the right time. While Alza had been pre-occupied by Barsch's unforgivable words, the next phase of the training had started. Instead of lasers or high-velocity bullets, the last phase had chosen something much more simple. The device had sprung from one of the unused tiles, after which it had been steadily bouncing towards the unaware duo. It was a black sphere, about the size of an adult head, with a single red light pulsing on its outer surface. 
In the old days, during the war, the device had been known as the Garrick Anti-Military Projectile, or GAMP for short. It had been used as a replacement for the highly inefficient mines and claymores that had once littered the battlefield. It had a proximity sensor that could differentiate between humans and machines, and it could remain in hiding for decades before springing up and exploding. 
However, the real danger came from the hundreds of metal balls sealed within the GAMP, which were designed to break bones and puncture organs, but not kill. The makers of the GAMP, the Garrick brothers, reasoned that wounded soldiers would take more effort to care for, as opposed to dead soldiers, and so designed the GAMP to create as many wounds as possible, with none being fatal.
Barsch had only seen the GAMP once before, when he and his father were travelling in the west, on their way to a new settlement. They had happened across it while walking through an old battlefield, which had been pecked clean by years of scavenging and grave-robbing. They had found the GAMP half buried in the sand, surrounded by dozens of tiny black beads. His father explained that the GAMP had been a dud, and that if it had worked properly, the bones would have been broken and fragmented. 
So when Barsch saw the GAMP hopping towards Alza, there was only one thing on his mind: protect her. 
And even though, only moments before, he had questioned his validity as her protector, his concerns and self-doubts disappeared the moment he saw the horrible weapon. He knew that he had to save her, and it did not matter that he was just a normal boy, or that she was in possession of strange, unexplainable powers. He just had to protect her, and that was that.
And so, with a cry, he jumped to his feet and reached for her. Her reflexes were perfect, but even Alza could not have anticipated Barsch's sudden lunge, so she was carried to the ground in his embrace before she could react. And before she could shove him away, the GAMP detonated, sending hundreds of minuscule steel balls tearing through the air. Some of them landed harmlessly on the cold tile, while others -the majority, unfortunately- found flesh. Barsch's scream of pain reverberated off the flat walls, amplifying the terrible sound.
Still trapped beneath him, Alza could do nothing but lie there, as Barsch's blood  pooled around them. She could still feel his heartbeat, but it was frenzied, and he was in danger of going into shock. Calming herself, she began to concentrate, thinking back to when she had last used her powers to heal. At the time, she had been half-asleep, and more than a little fatigued, but if she could do it once, then she could do it again. 
Without wasting any time, she began to seek out that mysterious, violet energy that lived inside her. Whereas it had come with relative ease a few minutes before, it had now taken on a stubborn attitude, and Alza found that she had to force it to awaken. But at least she could feel it, unlike those times in which she had searched and felt nothing at all. And if she could feel it, she could harness it, and use it to heal Barsch.
“Barsch!” 
The agonized cry had come from the doorway, where a frenzied Kingston now stood. The door had slid back the moment the training had ended, just in time for Kingston to see his young friend fall. Rushing to Barsch's side, Kingston began calling out his name, over and over, as if mere words could heal him. With Kingston distracted, Alza managed to wriggle out from underneath Barsch's bloodied body. When she was free, she turned to him and opened her mouth to speak, but stopped when she saw his back. 
Blood, still wet and warm, covered every inch of his back. It seeped slowly from the dozens of miniature holes that had turned his greatcoat into a bloodied rag. He was still breathing, but his eyes were unfocused, wheeling around in their sockets without end. 
“You did this. You did this to him.” 
Kingston's voice, normally the epitome of kindness, was cold and harsh. He looked at Alza with pure hatred, the anger pouring off his elderly frame in a torrent. It was then that Alza remembered all of Kingston's war stories, that he had told of while sitting around the fires of their journey. In all of his tales, he had never once mentioned losing, or being defeated by the enemy. Kingston may not have been born to be a soldier, but fate had ensured that he would be good at it. She had seen him as nothing more than a weak, frail old man who was overprotective of Barsch to a fault, but now she was forced to re-evaluate her assumption. The man before her, despite his age, despite his sickness, was dangerous.
“No... It was my fault... I chose this...” Barsch's voice was faint, but in the noiseless room, it was just loud enough to be heard. The youth, seemingly ignoring the dozens of metal balls embedded in his back, tried to stand. 
In an instant, all of Kingston's anger, all of his rage, was gone. It was replaced by compassion, which was fully funnelled towards his injured protégé. 
“Barsch... how do you feel? Where does it hurt? Just hang on, I'll treat you in a moment.”
“I'm fine, Kingston. It doesn't hurt. I'll be fine... I just need to rest. You should go on ahead, and face the madman... I'll still be here when you get back...” 
Barsch's voice grew weaker with every word, but the look on his face showed only strength. In his head, he kept repeating the mantra his father had taught him, “Through fire, through ice, through deepest despair, never lose your stride.” He would not lose his stride. He would not give in to the pain. He would not let a few measly pellets stop him. 
“I wish the Beast was here... It could help me face the pain... Ah, what am I saying... Asking for the Beast... asking for my violence... there's no way I could ever do that...” 
And for the first time, the very first time, the Beast answered the call. “I am always here,” it said, with a voice that was unusually soft, “For you are my vessel, my Avatar of Violence, and I will never let anything bad happen to you. We will be together, from birth till death, and beyond...”
“I can heal him.” Alza had recovered her composure, along with her rational mind. 
“Stay away from him,” Kingston replied, the anger returning to his voice as if hit had never left, “You Monster.” The old hermit had leant forward, so that his body was covering Barsch's, protecting him from further harm.
“Kingston... please... let her help... I trust her...” Barsch's voice was getting fainter, but his message was clear. Alza watched as the words hit Kingston, his face wracked by indecision. He knew that Alza could heal Barsch, and that it was likely the only thing that could save his life, but nevertheless, the thought of Alza touching him...
He had let Barsch out of his sight before, and it had ended badly for the boy. He was determined not to repeat his past mistakes.
“Kingston... please...” 
It was Barsch's soft-spoken plea that finally tipped the scales in Alza's favour. Leaning backwards, so as to allow... It... access to Barsch, Kingston looked Alza in the eyes and said, with slow and deliberate words, “If you harm him, I will kill you.”
Alza nodded, not doubting the old man's threat. But she had promised to heal him, and she could not... would not... go back on her word. Stretching out her blood-soaked hands towards Barsch -which got a grunt out of Kingston- Alza tried to clear her mind. This time, it worked without incident. The power was there, waiting for her. It wanted to be used, it wanted to be free to enact its presence on the world. Somehow, she knew. She called for it, and it came, like an eager puppy greeting its master. It rose to the surface, filling her with energy, making her feel more alive than ever. 
However, the rational part of her quickly reminded her that Barsch was still bleeding out, and that revelling in the feeling of power would not help him in any way. Focusing, she reached out, both with her mind and her hands, until both found Barsch. The instant she made contact, time stopped. 
In that moment of timelessness, Alza found herself in an unexpected place. It was similar to the dreamscape, but there was one very important difference. Whereas the dreamscape had held the dreams of humanity, this star-filled space held the dreams of one: Barsch. Stretched out before her, concealed in multi-hued spheres, were Barsch's thoughts, dreams and memories. Somehow, on her way to healing him, she had ventured into his mind. She knew that she could not stay long, and already, she could feel reality tugging on her, trying to draw her back into the real world. 
Knowing that it was not the time to go snooping through Barsch's inner-most thoughts, Alza allowed herself to be reeled in. As she was leaving, she happened to see something... a memory... or perhaps a dream... which occupied the very centre of Barsch's mind. It was enormous, easily ten times the size of the other spheres, and yet she could not make out what was playing within. 
“Alza?” Barsch's voice, returned to its former strength, snapped Alza's eyes open. She did not know how long she had been kneeling for, although it felt like hours. Her hands were still on Barsch's back, which was... healed. Even the blood had disappeared, making it appear as if Barsch had simply lain down to take a nap on the hard floor. She tried to stand, but the healing had taken more out of her than she had anticipated, and it was all she could do to stay upright. 
Barsch, on the other hand, was brimming with energy. He quickly stood, while assuring Kingston that he was fine. Looking at his blood-stained greatcoat, Barsch sighed, before taking it off and throwing it to the corner of the room. It had protected him from the elements more times than he could count, but it had been useless against the GAMP. He then looked around at the ravaged room, noting the tile-less areas on the floor, the embedded panels in the ceiling, and the dozens of metal balls spread across the floor. After another sigh, this one for his disbelief in how much had happened in the last three minutes, he turned to Alza and Kingston. 
“Thank you, both of you, for saving me,” he said, with a smile on his face. But his smile did not last long in the atmosphere of the room, seeing as Alza's coldness and Kingston's barely restrained anger still permeated the air. Barsch had hoped that letting Alza heal him would change the hermit's mind, but he had been wrong, and had only succeeded in increasing the distance between them. As for Alza, the concern she had shown only moments before had evaporated under Kingston's fierce stare, only to be replaced by her customary apathetic gaze. 
“Barsch, I think we should leave this place, before something else happens.” Barsch cringed, as he remembered the look on Alza's face as she activated the training program. Maloch was right, the longer they stayed, the greater the chance that something else would activate.
“You're right. Kingston? What do you think?”
“What? Oh... yes, let's move forward, before she causes any more damage.” Barsch wanted to point out that it had not been her fault, and that he had only been injured because he had tried to stop her, but the words died in his throat when he saw Kingston's eyes. Before, they had been filled with kindness and patience; now, he could only see loathing for Alza. 
Alza, having finally regained enough strength to stand, did so. Barsch tried to help her to her feet, but she pulled away, saying, “Yes, we should go. The sooner we find the madman, the sooner I can be done with all of this.”
*
It was with a tense atmosphere that the group -although they were no longer a real group, and had instead become a collection of four individuals who just so happened to have the same destination- left the room, using the door on the far wall. Barsch was too deep in thought to notice that they had entered another corridor, and by the time he realized, they had arrived at another door. This one, like the one before it, bore a plaque, which said, “INCUBATION CHAMBER”. 
With Alza still cold and Kingston still fuming, it was up to Barsch to open the door and step forward. He did so, and immediately stopped. The room he had entered was nothing like the two before it. It was massive, for one thing, about the same size as one of the pod rooms back in Revelation Station 52, and it was filled with glass-walled tanks. The capsules were innumerable in number, stretching from one side of the room to the other, as well as from the floor to the ceiling. Each and every pod was filled with a dark violet liquid, which gleamed in the bright light. 
For an moment, Barsch thought that they were cryogenic pods, and that they had somehow wandered into another Station, but that theory was quickly destroyed when he saw what was inside the pods: nothing. The human-sized capsules were empty, save for the violet liquid, meaning that they could not possibly be for cryogenesis. Barsch turned to ask Kingston about the strange pods, but stopped when he saw Alza. She was standing beside one of the fluid-filled tanks, with a look of confusion messing up her pretty face. Intrigued, Barsch moved closer, until he could clearly see what she was looking at.
The laser-cut plaque, located above the pod's seamless door, read, “SYLA01023”. Unable to believe his eyes, Barsch looked at the neighbouring pods, both of which bore similar name-tags, reading “CAEL02965” and “RECK00995” respectively. 
“I don't understand. What is this place? What are these pods for?” Barsch turned to Kingston, who was standing beside another pod. 
The old hermit turned and faced him, a sorrowful look upon his elderly, wrinkled face. He opened his mouth, closed it, and then opened it again. “These pods... this place... were created with only one purpose in mind.” Kingston looked at Alza, but she did not return her gaze. Her eyes were still locked on to the plaque, which bore the name that was so similar to her own. 
“This place was built... these pods are for... creating monsters.” 
At the sound of the word 'monster' Alza flinched. When she finally turned around, Barsch took a step back. Her eyes were watery, as if she was on the verge of crying. And for Barsch, who had spent weeks travelling with an emotionless Alza who could neither smile nor snarl, the sudden change of attitude was almost more than he could take. 
“Alza?” 
She did not answer, instead, without warning, she took off towards the nearest door. Barsch was so stunned by her sudden action that he did not even think to try and stop her.
“Barsch, go after her!” Kingston's voice was filled with urgency, but there was something else... regret? He had not wanted to reveal Alza's secret, especially not while they were so close to finding the madman, but he had had no other choice. Before they fought the madman, Barsch had to know the truth... 
*
Alza had run through a large, metal door located in a small break between the rows of pods. It too bore an inscribed plaque, which in this case read, “GESTATION CHAMBER 001”. When Barsch reached the door, he stopped. Did he really want to know what was behind it? Was he ready to find out the truth? Still unsure, Barsch hesitantly stepped forward, as the heavy door slid away without a sound, revealing an unexpected sight.
The room was small, and completely white. The white floor led into the white walls which in turn fused with the white ceiling, creating an image of seamlessness. In the centre of the room was a single, large pod. It too was filled with nothing but violet liquid, but it was the name on the pod which made it infinitely more unique than any of those outside. 
Barsch could not help but read the name out loud, shaking visibly as he did so, “ALZA00971.” 
“Yes.”
Barsch jumped backwards, surprised by how close the voice had been. A few feet away, Alza stood, watching the bubbling tank with expressionless eyes. Beside her was a small desk, upon which there was an old-fashioned keyboard and a thin monitor. There were words on the monitor, which read, “Begin playback of Diary of Development, Y/N?”
There was a sudden movement by the doorway, alerting Barsch to the arrival of Kingston and Maloch. Together, the four of them stood in silence, each pondering the meaning of the pod. Finally, Alza turned to her three fellow travellers and said, “I have to know.”
Barsch looked at her, and all thought of disagreeing died within him. He could have told her that it would not change anything, or that it did not matter who she had been, but he knew that anything he said would not make a difference. Alza had come so far, and done so much, all in the faint hope that she might find out the truth of her past. He could not even think of denying her that, not now.
“I know.” What else could he say?
Together, the four of them crowded around the monitor, each trying to avoid the others eyes. They had been through so much together, and yet, at that moment, they had never been further apart. Alza sat in the chair, her knees shaking too much to be of any use in holding her up. “Finally,” she thought, “I will know the truth.” 
With a trembling hand, she reached forward, and pressed the 'Y' key. Almost immediately, a video began to play, a video which would forever change their lives...
*
Meanwhile, in another part of the facility, a boy was lying on his bed. The boy, or young man as he would have preferred to have been called, was extremely unusual by any standards. From what he was wearing -a white and gold podsuit- to his hair -short, spiky and white- and even his eyes -a deep crimson which held no room for mercy- he was undoubtedly an unusual entity. It had been several days since his Father had instructed him to prepare the facility for guests, and he was growing tired of waiting. He had never met any humans before, well, aside from Father, who didn't really count... not any more at least. 
Father had told him stories about humans, about how they had squandered their gifts and how the planet had suffered as a result. He had spoken of the wars, and the conflicts, that had kept humanity from reaching its true potential. He had lectured for hours, on how they could learn from humanities mistakes and improve on their shortcomings. 
And so, when Father had told him that they would be receiving several humans, the unusual boy had become quite excited. And when he had been told that She was returning alongside the humans, he had become almost frantic with anticipation. She had been gone a long time, and he was quite eager to see Her again. After She had left on her mission, he had been inconsolable. The loneliness had eaten at him, until all he could do was wistfully wait for Her return. And now, after so long, She was coming home...
*
For a few seconds, nothing happened. Static filled the screen, it's scratchy noise filling the small room. And then the voice started speaking. The voice that had haunted Alza's dreams. The voice that she could not disobey...
“Diary of Development, Day One,” said the voice, in a gravely, measured tone, “This recording will serve as a record of my efforts and successes, preserving them for future generations.” 
Barsch and Alza leant in, trying to hear what was being said. “Firstly, for all of those who have challenged me in the past, I would like to state something: I do not hate humanity. In fact, you would probably be hard-pressed to find someone who loves humanity more than I. And it is precisely that love which has compelled me to begin this project. The humans of the past were fierce and imaginative creatures who could solve any problem that was placed in their path. Their power, their intellect, enabled them to accomplish anything, overcome anything. But things have changed... people have changed. Humanity has become weak... powerless... obsolete. Even now, their mistakes haunt us. In their vain goal of controlling the planet's future, they sacrificed their present. Their factories spewed death and decay into our air, while their toxins and waste ruined the forests and the seas.”
“And their attempts at stopping this destruction? Nothing but half-hearted plans that all ended in failure. So what did those humans, who had once stood so tall and proud, do when their precious world was dying? They ran and hid, in their Cryogenic Stations, safe and sound while the world around them continued to fester. And that is why I started this project, to cleanse that weakness from humanity, and return them to their full potential!”
Finally, the murky blackness of the screen changed into a crescendo of colour. The screen showed an image of the Gestation Room, which, for a moment, caused Barsch to turn around and look for the camera. But the image that they were seeing was old, and devoid of activity. 
Once more, the voice spoke, “And so I began my research, searching for a way to remove that despicable weakness. But I quickly discovered that the weakness had been buried deeply, and that I could not remove it entirely... not without starting over, from the beginning. A new species, a fresh start, free from the mistakes of the past, and ready to embrace the future. And, with my goal defined, I set to work, on creating a new kind of man... homo novus! These new humans will correct the mistakes of their predecessors, and accomplish what they could not!”
In the video, a figure suddenly entered the field of view. His back was turned towards the camera, obscuring his features. 
Undeterred, the voice continued, “Unfortunately, things did not go according to plan. My efforts in creating an entirely new species from scratch met problem after problem, until at last, I was forced to abandon it. But then, while going through my old research notes, a thought occurred to me: why not simply improve what already existed? My work on Project Seraphim had given me the necessary experience, and most of the machinery could be re-purposed from what I already owned.”
In the video, the man held up a vial of greenish-blue liquid. In its centre was a tiny blob of matter. Using an input valve, the man placed the contents of the vial directly into the gestation pod. The blob-encased liquid quickly merged with its new surroundings. 
“One day, my children will remember me as the man who changed the world. And it all begins here, with a single cell. Using one of my contacts, I was able to procure a viable specimen, from which I extracted and sequenced it's entire genome. The human female had already expired, but I had retrieved what was important. Using the genome, and my equipment, I set about altering the genetic code, in an effort to remove the inherent weaknesses found within. After many failures and set-backs, I succeeded in altering the base genetic structures. Without delay, I implanted the manipulated gene sequence into a cloned egg which I had previously blanked. After which, it was a simple matter to build a gestation chamber which would accommodate the altered egg and nurture it's growth. I used a liquid growth medium to simulate the placenta. Once the fertilized egg was placed within the pod, I immediately set to work on creating the Second.”
Alza, Barsch and Kingston watched transfixed, as the blob in the centre of the pod began to squirm and change. The genetically manipulated egg -for that was what it was- experienced a rapid phase of development, dividing and growing with a speed that seemed superhuman. The video sped up, showing the zygote become an embryo, and then a foetus. Months passed in seconds, as the foetus matured, becoming more and more human. The child grew and grew, passing it's nine month due date in a flash. However, instead of freedom, it remained in the liquid-filled pod, knowing nothing of the outside world.
Eventually, the voice began to speak once more, “Diary of Development, Day Five thousand, seven hundred and fifty. The child, whose DNA was taken from the  specimen labelled ALZA00971, has continued to grow without incident. Her white hair was unexpected, but such things are bound to occur when the manipulation of an entire genome is the goal. I have chosen today, fifteen years and nine months since she was created, as the day of her release. It has been a hard time for me, with nothing to occupy my time, and only my Daughter and the Second as company. However, with every day that passed, I knew that I only grew closer to achieving my dream of a perfect species.”
The tank now contained a perfectly formed human being, complete with long, white hair and pale skin. Skill in the foetal position, yet unmistakable in identity. ALZA00971... Alza... now lay in the pod, asleep and unaware. Her eyes were closed, but she was not asleep... not completely. Her fingers moved through the viscous liquid, occasionally brushing the hardened glass that kept her prisoner. With a fluid movement, the man turned to the computer and entered a command. Moments later, a rushing sound could be heard emanating from the pod, as the liquid began to drain away. The girl in the tank, Alza, slowly drifted to the bottom. When all of the violet liquid had drained away, the outer shell of the pod slid back, allowing the man access to the helpless girl. 
“Beginning physical and mental assessment. Firstly, auditory and spatial awareness.” 
The man on the screen approached the unconscious girl, and even though the real Alza was safe and sound beside him, Barsch felt a strong desire to protect the girl. The man in the video began calling out to the girl, saying, in quiet, yet firm tones, “Daughter, daughter, it is time for your awakening.” 
Over and over he called, until at last his efforts bore fruit. Slowly, the girl began to awaken, her weak limbs thrashing in the slush of what had once been a man-made womb. On the fifth call, the girl opened her eyes, her violet, glowing eyes. Barsch heard the man in the video gasp, before exclaiming, “Remarkable! Full pigment transformation. Perhaps it is a type of Albinism? Or perhaps... it is something more?” 
Undeterred by the girl's snow-white hair or violet eyes, the man grew closer. With a firm hand, he helped the girl -Alza- to her feet. She stood still for several seconds, her eyes trying to take in everything all at once. It was clear that this was too much for her to handle, but that did not deter the man. 
“The First of my new species, the First homo novus, was a complete success. She performed well above average in all of the stimulatory and mental tests, easily surpassing all records made by mere humans.” 
In the video, the man had brought in a chair and table for the young girl. With a bevy of flash cards, educational holograms and reflex exercises, the man tested the girl's abilities. With each success the man accelerated the intensity and difficulty, until Alza was solving problems and performing tasks normally suited for only the most gifted of humans. 
“It was then, while I was carrying out the tests, that I began to notice it. The power that slept within the First. I did not know where it had come from, but I suspected that it had been lying dormant in the human genome for thousands of years, and that my manipulations had somehow unlocked it. Of course, the possibility also exists that I unknowingly created it during the manipulation process, as a result of hundreds of genes being used in new ways. In either case, I will have to wait until the next batch is ready, before I can investigate further.” 
Barsch watched as the Alza in the video began telekinetically levitating the parts of a particularly difficult puzzle. Holding them in the air, she spun and rotated the wooden pieces, fitting them together with ease. Once the puzzle was complete, she lowered it gently to the table, an blank look on her pretty face. For a normal, human child, such an accomplishment would have resulted in a congratulatory hug and perhaps a reward, but for Alza, the victory meant nothing. The man seemed to agree, as he handed her another, harder puzzle to solve.
“Subject ALZA00971 seems to take solace in being referred to as my daughter, a most curious trait. Perhaps some remnant of her past life as a human? I will have to look into it when I have some free time. While the First's development has been extraordinary, the Second's has been exponential. He had developed far faster than expected, and has achieved a level of physical and mental perfection that no human could have dreamed of. Today, I will pit them against each other, to determine if the Second performs well against one of his own kind.”
Once more, the video changed, now showing a portion of the training room. Even though it would be some time before Barsch and Alza would enter it -resulting in much of its destruction- the room had seen better days. Flames roared along the tiled floor, trailing from one end of the room to the other. The fires burned with an unnatural, whitish hue, which had melted the indestructible tiles into malformed blobs. 
Alza stood beside one of the flame-lines, holding her arm to her side. Blood fell from her cut forehead, and it was obvious that her arm had been seriously burnt. Barsch wanted to weep at the sight, but he knew that Alza would be alright in the end. The Alza in the video took a step forward, as she raised her uninjured arm in the direction of her attacker. 
A second later, a massive gust of wind rose from off-screen and, with an audible thump, smashed into Alza. The bloodied and burnt girl was lifted off of her feet and thrown towards the distant wall, which she impacted with another solid thump. The man appeared from an unseen vantage point, striding towards Alza while shaking his head. 
“Another failure. The First, after fifty battles, has never once managed to defeat the Second. It seems that her usefulness is less than I originally thought, although there is one thing that she can do for me... regardless of her inequalities. Although I have collected a decent amount of data on her viability, I still do not know how her model will fare in the outside world. Here, in this protected place, she is limited, but out there, in the decaying world beyond these walls, perhaps her destiny will become clear. She will be my scout, my prototype... the forerunner for her species. The knowledge I gain from her journey will go towards improving the next batch of homo novus.”
In the video, Barsch could hear as the man told Alza that she had been assigned to a vital mission: to wander the planet, testing her limits and documenting her failures. When she had gathered enough data, she would return to him, so that he might retrieve it from her. When he was finished with his explanation, he took her by the arm -which had already begun to heal- and led her away. 
“After supplying her with a new set of clothes, I erased her memories, in order to limit my influence on her performance. She was to be a clean slate, upon which the world would write in fire and blood, telling of her hardships and victories. Of her time spent here, I left only two things: firstly, her mission of wandering the land and returning to me, hidden in her sub-conscious; and secondly, her undying, unquestioning loyalty to me, which would manifest when we were reunited. With her 'programming' complete, I accompanied her to the entrance, and sent her off. If she returned, it would be proof that my new species were strong enough to survive on this polluted world. If she did not... then I would simply improve my formula, and try again. In either case, ALZA00971 has become the foundation of my new species. And now, with her gone, and only the Second to accompany me, I wait...”
The video showed Alza walking up towards the exit, a blank stare on her pale face. Her eyes were empty, a far cry from the Alza that now sat in their midst. In the final frame, before the video faded to black, Barsch caught a glimpse of something in the background. In the shadows below the stairwell, beside the shrouded man, were a pair of glowing, blood-curling, fear-inducing, crimson eyes. 
Barsch recoiled at the sight, which snapped his attention back to reality. In the bright-lit room, where there had once been a band of unlikely companions, there now stood four strangers. Alza was still looking at the blank monitor, an equally blank look on her face. It was unnerving how much she now looked like the Alza from the video. Beside her, Kingston had turned his body away, ashamed of what he had just seen. Maloch, ever the silent, stoic member, was shocked. He should not have been so affected, but his forbidden emotions had come with a price: he could now feel betrayal.
For many, long minutes, no one spoke. In fact, even if they had wanted to, they had been rendered incapable of speech. Barsch felt cold, as if he had just been doused with freezing water, which had passed through his skin and had gone directly into his heart. He could not comprehend what he had seen, even though he knew in his frozen heart that it was the truth.
Alza was not who he had thought? It was more than that. Alza was not even human? It was more than that. Alza had been made by the very man they had been sent to stop? Still, it was more than that. In that moment, what truly confused and angered Barsch, was not that Alza had been created in a tube, it was that Kingston had known the whole time, and had not told him.
“You knew?” he asked, the coldness in his chest manifesting in his words.
Kingston, did not turn around, so Barsch reached forward and grabbed hold of his coat. With a force that should never have been directed at the elderly, Barsch spun him, until the hermit met his eyes. Immediately, Kingston lowered his gaze, his guilt and remorse weighing his heart -and body- down.
“I suspected... I feared... I thought, that she was not like us. But it was only a hunch! An unverified hypothesis, which I desperately hoped would be proven wrong. Professor Valmann had told me about Project Seraphim, and it's goal of creating the perfect human through genetic manipulation. But, even then, I believed it to be a thing of the past. Project Seraphim ended with the Zeta Incident, and gene manipulation was banned as a result. All of the research notes, the data on genome alterations, everything, was supposed to have been destroyed. Even Professor Valmann only knew bits and pieces, most of which were rumours and speculation!”
Barsch released the old man, who had once seemed so kind, so gentle. “From what Professor Valmann had told me, subjects of Project Seraphim had showed remarkable, almost superhuman abilities, along with physical anomalies.”
“Like white hair. Or violet eyes.” Barsch tried not to look at ALZA00971. 
“Yes. But there were also some side-effects that were... less desirable. Some subjects were said to have lost all ability to display emotion... while others... lost control of their emotions entirely. Psychopathic rages, homicidal tendencies... and the death of their most stable subject, led to the project being shut down. So when I saw Alza destroy that re-mech outside of the medical station...”
“You thought that she was one of the remaining Project Seraphim subjects.”
“But it did not make sense to me at the time, as all evidence of Project Seraphim was supposed to have been destroyed, many years before I was born. I hoped that I was wrong, and that there was another reason for Alza's abilities. I thought that perhaps she had just naturally acquired them, or that her DNA had just happened to mutate in a particular way... but in the end, I was just deceiving myself. I did not want it to be true, so I convinced myself that I was wrong. I did not want it to be true, because I did not want you to suffer. I saw that you thought of her as a normal, albeit strange, human... and it would have broken my heart to tell you otherwise. I'm sorry for not telling you, Barsch m'boy. Can you ever forgive me?”
Barsch looked at the old man, who had lied to him, and the... girl, sitting at the table. Everything was too much to bear. What would he have done in Kingston's situation? Would he have told the truth, and potentially alienated Alza forever, or would he have said nothing, and held onto his foolish delusions. He did not know, and he doubted he ever would. But in that moment, in that chaotic, nonsensical moment, he knew that his feelings did not matter.
“It is not my forgiveness that you need,” he said, gesturing to the empty-eyed Alza. “This whole time, you knew that she was desperately searching for any hints about her past, and yet you kept the truth from her. And even without telling her, your actions towards her prove that you already saw her as a monster. If she can forgive you for your dishonesty, then I will accept your apology. If not, then I will never speak with you again.”
Kingston, with tears already budding in his eyes, was about to say something, when a familiar face burst into the scene. Although, to be fair, 'face' is something of a misnomer, as the being known as Spectre lacked anything even resembling a face. It had appeared from nowhere, as usual, but something was different about it. It was glowing bright red, and had swollen to the size of one of the pods outside. Even though Barsch could not understand it's strange language of colours and lights, he could tell that it was panicked. 
Had it come to warn them? Or had it sensed the disharmony in the group, and had come to investigate. In either case, it's reason for being there would remain a mystery, as, at that moment, the door slid open, revealing the last person they had expected to see.
*
Several minutes earlier, the man with white hair and crimson eyes was standing beside a desk. On the other side of the desk was his esteemed Father, for whom he would perform any action, no matter how brutal or sickening. He owed his life to his Father, and would destroy anything that threatened him. 
“My Son,” said the man, in tones weighted by age, “It seems as though our guests have arrived.” The man with crimson eyes looked up, eagerness shining in his blood-red pupils. 
“Does this mean that She has returned?” he asked, with a maniacal glee.
The old man behind the desk took a deep breath before answering, “Yes, She has returned to us, at long last. I did not anticipate her returning with company, but their stay here will be short-lived. If you would be so kind, could you go down to the gestation chamber and fetch them for me. If they resist... you may use force. But I would prefer it if 971 was left mostly intact.”
The man with crimson eyes smiled a wolfish smile. He was beginning to hope that the intruders would resist him, so that he could use force. He had grown so bored, waiting for Her return. Hopefully, Father would let him fight her one more time, before she was analysed. She was the perfect play-mate, one who could take any punishment, and still remain conscious. 
“Yes, Father. It shall be done.” He left the room with a wide, unnerving smile on his face. His crimson eyes shone brightly in the dimly lit corridor outside the study, as he began to think of all of the things he would do if they resisted. “Please, please, let them not come quietly,” he thought, as he grew closer to 971, and her disposable companions.
Chapter XVI: Siblings
In which a betrayal is felt...

In that instant, Barsch's heart stopped. Time froze. Colour drained away. All at once, the universe ground to a halt. Barsch stood and stared at the stranger standing in the doorway. It was impossible. It wasn't real. It was a dream... no, a nightmare. Because the man standing before him did not exist... he could not exist.
And yet, there he was. 
With hair as white as snow, and skin a shade lighter, he was an anomaly. But it was not his unusual hair colour or skin tone that Barsch was staring at. His eyes, his pupils, were blood-red. Staring into them was like staring into hell, and in this case, hell was staring back. In stark contrast to his devilish eyes, the man was wearing a white podsuit, with bands of gold arcing randomly across the tough fabric. He looked like an angel, in his white and gold clothes, so much so that for an instant, Barsch forgot about his crimson eyes. 
When Alza had been ALZA00971, and not Alza, she had possessed similar eyes, eyes which spoke of a boundless power hidden just below the surface. But, as opposed to Alza's power, which had only ever been used to help, his looked as if they were only capable of harm. The small smile on his face did not belong there, and it was clear that the expression was fraudulent. It was as if he had read a book on how to smile, and had skipped the most important parts. It did not reach his eyes, which, in hindsight, was a good thing, as anything associated with those terrible eyes was bound to become corrupted. 
“Greetings,” he said, and the universe began to move again. Instinctively, Barsch reached for Lanista, only to grab empty air. He had been foolish to give up his weapon, even if it was trying to destroy him. And right then, with Alza despondent, Kingston depressed, and Maloch confused, Barsch desperately wished he still had a weapon.
The man's smile quickly faded once he stepped into the room. He surveyed the four occupants with a quizzical look. “My, my, why is everyone so glum?” 
It soon became obvious that this man possessed not a shred of delicacy, as any normal human would have sensed that something was amiss and acted accordingly. With great effort, Barsch managed to tear his eyes away from the stranger, and turned his gaze towards Alza. She was still sitting at the computer, but her expression had changed. The stranger's entrance had seemingly snapped her out of her despondent state, and she now looked at him with a mixture of fear and surprise. 
“Ah! I'm so sorry, here I am, spewing trivialities, when I haven't even introduced myself.” 
The stranger took a step back, and, while looking directly into Alza's eyes, proclaimed, “I am KAIN00972, although you may call be Kain. It is so good to finally see you again, sister.”
It did not seem possible, but Alza became even more confused. “Sister?” she said, rather weakly.
Kain stood up and, while still looking only at Alza, said, “Yes. We are genetic siblings, created by Father in order to carry out his will. You were the First, and I was the Second. Our Father has summoned us, will you answer his call? Of course, your... attendants... may accompany us.”
Spectre, who had been forgotten in the stranger's arrival, made its presence known. It quickly dashed between Kain and Alza, turning black and growing larger. It was clear what it's message was: “Do not go near her!” 
Kain regarded it with a curious glance, before stepping forward and pushing it out of the way. For a long moment, Barsch stared at Kain, who had just moved an intangible, multi-coloured being with the same amount of effort used in opening a door. Even Spectre seemed shocked by his blasé attitude, and forgot to resist. The ball of black light tumbled out of the way like a discarded toy, growing fainter with every second. By the time it had reached the wall, it was barely there.
“How curious,” said Kain, in a dull, lifeless voice. Turning back to Alza, he once more asked, “Now, sister, will you come with me?”
Barsch tried to step forward, he tried to protest, he even tried to muster up the courage to attack Kain, but his wits had abandoned him at about the same time Kain had pushed aside Spectre like it was nothing. Something deep within him knew that Kain was not someone he could beat. It was almost primal, how his traitorous brain had constructed a food chain, with Kain reigning supreme, beyond the reach of mere mortals.
Alza, for the first time since the video ended, spoke, “Yes, I will go with you.” Barsch was shocked, but Kingston merely nodded, as if he had known what she was going to say. 
A small part of Alza was still fighting, trying to tell her that this was the man that she had been warned off, and that Ion was counting on her to protect Barsch from him. But that part was minuscule in comparison to the overwhelming desire to go with Kain, and find out once and for all, from her father, what her purpose was.
With a triumphant smile on his face, Kain reached forward, past the frozen boy and the guilt-ridden old man, to grasp his sister's arm. Almost effortlessly, he pulled her to her feet, before marching her to the door. Barsch, Kingston and Maloch followed dutifully, aware that this was not the time to launch a rescue attempt. Barsch knew that he was powerless against this godlike man now, but his father had taught him to never give up, and that everyone had a weakness. He would find Kain's, and then he would strike. He did not know what the repercussions would be, but it felt right, in his heart.
*
Kain led the group out of the room, back into the hall filled with potential monsters. Only Maloch dared to look back, to the small room in which everything had changed. A few hours ago, Maloch had been dreaming of his freedom; now, that goal seemed like an impossible fantasy.
They walked in a solemn line, following Kain's overbearing presence. As soon as they entered the main pod room, it became obvious that he only cared about Alza. He strode alongside her -with a nonchalance that Barsch would normally have killed for- asking her questions that did not merit answers. Barsch wondered what would happen if he, Kingston and Maloch made a break for the exit. 
But, even if they could overcome the odds and escape, that still left Alza in his company, which was unacceptable. Even though she was not human, Alza had still travelled with them, and had fought and bled just as much as them. Even though she had been created in an artificial womb by a madman, she was still Alza... Barsch reviewed his last thought, and nodded. Something about it felt... right, and although it was not yet complete, he was beginning to see what it could become.
A few feet away, the only two members of homo novus were engaged in conversation. Although, in all honesty, the conversation was more of a monologue than a dialogue.
“Sister, I cannot even begin to express how much I have longed for this day, for your triumphant return! All those days spent in the training room, all those days of idle boredom, all were in preparation of this glorious day! But I must ask, how did you come to be affiliated with these...” 
Kain briefly looked back at the others, with cold, dark eyes. It was a completely different gaze compared to the look of adoration he had when he spoke to Alza. “People?” he finished, saying the word with the same contempt that one would normally use when speaking of household pests.
Alza did not look back, but Barsch felt that she wanted to, but was afraid of what she would see. Kingston had always been rather indifferent to her, and Maloch had treated her in the same fashion as he did Barsch... only he had changed. Did he hate her now? Was he afraid of what she was, and what she could do? He still did not know the answers, but he knew one thing, Kain was a threat to Alza, and he would not stand idly by while she was in harm's way.
“I met them by happen-stance, and travelled with them out of convenience. There is nothing more to it than that.” Alza's eyes were downcast as she spoke, as if she felt guilty over her traitorous words. 
“But were they really traitorous? She never hid her intentions from us, and on more than one occasion she considered leaving for more promising ventures. It was I who fashioned us into a strange, yet functional family. I told myself that she was happy, and that she enjoyed her time with us, but in the end, that was simply a delusion I created to hide the truth. Alza was never one of us, because there was never an 'us' to be a part of. We were four strangers who happened to have the same destination, brought together by circumstance and wrung apart by coincidence. Only I was foolish to believe that anything more than that existed between us...”
“I see, how unfortunate for you. No matter, very soon you will be back where you belong, and your... companions... will be where they belong. I believe that everything will become clear once you see Father. He has been awaiting your return with great anticipation.”
“And who is your father? What is he planning?” Barsch looked around for several seconds, searching for the speaker who had no doubt incurred Kain's wrath. With a panicked yelp, he realised that it had been his own traitorous mouth which had formed and then spat out the dooming words. Quickly, he brought his teeth together, hoping to form a barrier for any more stupid questions. But it was too late, the letters, strung together in words, and carried in sentences, had already reached Kain's ears.
Barsch waited, and waited, but no strike came to punish him for his impertinence. Instead, Kain carried on walking as if nothing had been said. It became clear to Barsch, at that moment, that Kain saw them as mild annoyances who were not worth any effort on his part. To him, they were mindless humans, incapable and unworthy of petitioning one such as he. 
When Kain turned back, a moment later, Barsch's heart froze once more. But the strange boy was not looking at him, in fact, he was not looking at any of them. He seemed to be staring at a patch of wall, just to the left of Barsch. As he stared, Kain's eyes began to glow, with an intensity that matched and exceeded Alza's. It was clear that whatever he was looking at, it was not visible to mere humans.
“How long has it been there? That darkness? That Beast walking beside you... where did you get it? It does not seem to have a natural origin...” 
And then Kain turned back, and it was as if nothing had happened. Had he dreamt it? Had he imagined Kain speaking... asking those strange questions? He did not know, but he had learnt one thing about Kain that might come in handy: he seemed to ignore anything that was said by anyone who was not Alza... perhaps, if he could reach Kingston, the two of them could plan their escape.
“Sister, even though your emotional capabilities are decidedly limited, you should be overjoyed at the opportunity you have been given?”
Alza merely looked at him, the confusion showing in her blank stare.
“I mean, considering the fact that you are a failure and a reject, It's a wonder that Father did not just terminate you as soon as you were born!” 
Once more, Kain wore a smile that did not quite reach his eyes. “Your journey, your experiences, will be used to improve the next batch of our siblings! If you think of your entire existence as a kind of prototype... then don't you think that your misshapen form has found its purpose? You had to suffer the pain of life, so that the rest of us don't have to! Doesn't your broken heart just swell with pride when you think of all of the good that your end will bring? Our new brothers and sisters will be stronger, smarter and more adaptable, because they will grow up learning from your mistakes! Does that not just make you want to burst into song?”
Judging by Alza's expression, singing was just about the furthest thing from her mind. Instead of replying to his suggestion, she asked a question of her own, “Kain, have you seen me since I left here? In a dream... or a vision?” 
Before she could follow this strange, mysterious man to his equally mysterious father, she needed to know. If he had been the one who had been invading her dreams, attacking her... From the assault in the desert, to the confrontation in her ç'aether addled thoughts; every step of the way, this man had been a source of fear and pain. And now that he was beside her in the flesh, it was all the more important that she find out the truth. Although he called her 'sister', the way his mood see-sawed from jubilant to malicious and back again  unnerved her greatly. To put it simply, she could not figure out what kind of person he was. Was he a lonely boy who had simply gone too long without his beloved sister? Or was the smile on his face hiding a barely-veiled anger that would consume and destroy anything it touched? 
“Have I seen you? Now that is a strange question, dear sister. I have thought of nothing but seeing you, and yet it was the one thing I could not do. It appears as if the link between us only goes so far. From the moment you left the valley, I could no longer feel your presence. Perhaps, if I truly did exist in your dreams, then it was as a fragment of your past memories of me? Father did say that the mind wipe procedure was not one hundred percent effective. It is possible that some of your memories remained and, although fragmented, managed to manifest in your self-conscious?”
Kain's explanation did make sense, but there was something slightly... off about it. If his presence in her dreams was nothing more than a remnant of her memories of him, then why had he always acted with such malevolence towards her and Barsch? From the video, she knew that they had sparred on occasion, and that he was stronger than her, but what could he have done that would leave such a negative impression, which had been bad enough to be imprinted on her sub-conscious? There were still too many questions and not enough answers, but the one she had just received would have to suffice for the moment. Kain, at least not his real self, had not been in her dreams. 
“Do not fret, dear sister. In a few minutes, you will be reunited with Father, and everything will be fine. Your time with these... individuals... is over. And your new, glorious time with Father has begun.” 
Was it Barsch's imagination, or did Alza's steady pace falter when Kain spoke? Could it be that she was hesitant about returning to her so-called Father, and leaving them behind? No, if she was hesitant, then it was born out of an anxious desire to meet her maker. She had made it clear several times before: they were strangers who had merely happened to walk along the same path, and nothing more.
*
A few minutes later, exactly as Kain had foretold, they came to a stop. The hallway they were in was identical to the dozen or so they had passed on their route, but something in it was unique in its nonconformity. Instead of the mass produced, soulless steel doors which littered the other corridors, this one had a door that was remarkably unusual. Hand-carved oak, with a bronze, spiralled doorknob and an engraved faceplate that bore stylized images of angels and gods, fighting above the planet's surface. The victorious angels were flying above the gods, who appeared to be falling towards the planet trailing flames. But that was not the most unsettling thing about the engraving. It was the angel's eyes: crimson and filled with hate, that made Barsch stop and shudder.
Behind that intricate, yet somehow unassuming door, was Kain's Father. The man who had saw fit to bring something like Kain into the world. The man who had sent his only daughter out into the dying, decaying world to see how long she would last. The man who had forced his children to fight each other until they bled. The man who had looked at humanity and wept for their hopelessness. The man -who had decided that the planet was better off without the human plague- had set into motion a plan which would cause the extinction of an entire species: homo sapiens. 
While Barsch was still in the process of analysing all of the terrible things the madman had done, Kain stepped forward and knocked on the door.
After a moment, there was a response, “Enter, my creations.” 
The voice on the other side of the door was muffled, but aside from that, it sounded human. In that instant, Barsch realised that the madman, while most probably a terrible and merciless human being, was still a man. Perhaps this did not have to end in bloodshed. Perhaps he could be reasoned with? Perhaps they could convince him to abort his misaligned plan once and for all? Although Barsch knew that such a scenario was highly unlikely, he still felt the need to cling to it. If there was a way out of this mess that did not involve violence, then he would eagerly pursue it.
And then the door swung open, and all hope of a peaceful solution died.
Beyond the strange door lay an equally strange room. Although it would not have been considered unusual in the past, the wood panelled, carpeted study was notably out of place in a future of cold, lifeless metal and empty plastic. Bookcases lined the walls, with a large, oak desk in the centre of the room. Upon it were a collection of monitors and machines, with a single, bronze bell occupying the dead centre. A plush, leather chair lay behind the desk, and for a moment, Barsch wondered where it's owner was. 
“Ah! Welcome home, my daughter. I trust that your journey was an eventful one?” 
The warm words had come from a figure standing beside one of the bookcases, who was standing with a file in hand. The man -the madman, if Ion and Terra were to be believed- looked remarkably ordinary, for one who had created an entirely new species and set in motion the events which could lead to the extinction of another. He was old, perhaps as old as Kingston, though he had not aged as gracefully as the former soldier and current hermit. 
Age spots dotted his creased face, which lay between a bald scalp and a tufty, white beard. The madman's garments were as simple and ordinary as his features, consisting of a stained lab coat covering an equally stained blue shirt, which was tucked into a pair of nondescript grey trousers. Barsch had been expecting the madman to be many things, but an elderly man who could not even be bothered to keep his clothes clean was most definitely not one of them. It was hard to imagine that this doddering old man could be a threat to anyone, let alone the entire human race.
Perhaps Terra and Ion had been wrong? Maybe this man was not the destroyer of humanity, but a simple hermit? Or was the real madman hiding from them, and using this lackey as bait?
And then Barsch saw the man's eyes, and all traces of doubt were stripped from his mind. They were empty. Completely and utterly dead, with no spark of life or love. They were eyes that could watch the world burn, and not shed a single tear. By comparison, Alza's eyes looked almost over-emotional, with the threat of tears looming on the horizon. The madman -for that is who he was, without doubt- turned to face them, with his cold, lifeless eyes. They were light blue, like wintry sky, with flecks of violet haphazardly placed. Without meaning to, Barsch took a step back, as the full force of those emotionless eyes hit his fragile heart. Beside him, Kingston shivered visibly and Alza, a creature who did not know fear, took in a sharp breath. 
“Kain, I hope you have treated our guests with all of the courtesy they deserve?” The man's monotonous voice had slightly more life than his dead eyes, but not by much. He had replaced the file into its carefully organized folder, which in turn was placed into a well-managed bookcase.
Kain took a step forward, the adoration on his face a sharp contrast to his earlier disdain. “Yes Father, I have carried out your order to the letter.”
“Good, very good. Now, I suppose I should introduce myself to our guests.” The old man began to move towards them, with a speed that defied belief. It was clear that nothing about this man could be taken at face value, from his cold, dead eyes to his youthful vigour. Once more, Barsch felt a pressing need to step back, but something told him that he couldn't, not this time. If he could not hold his ground against this living contradiction, then he would never forgive himself. 
The madman stopped several feet short of Barsch and, without missing a beat, began to stare at him. His gaze was still cold, but there was something calculating about it as well, as if he were assessing how much of a threat Barsch could be to his plans. When he had finished with Barsch, he let his blue and violet eyes wash over Kingston and Maloch, giving them the same analytical gaze. When he had finished his assessment, he took a step forward and bowed in a fluid, controlled manner. 
As he rose, he calmly said, “Welcome to my humble abode. My name is Doctor Alex Emmerfield, and I am the saviour of mankind.”
Barsch was stunned to hear him utter such a phrase without hesitation. He could see it in his lifeless eyes: the man truly believed that he was the salvation of the human race. For a good part of the journey, Barsch had believed that the madman's madness would be maniacal and uncontrolled, but what he saw before him was far worse. Dr Emmerfield's madness was not something that could be dealt with. It was not something that could be reasoned with. Quite simply, it was the worst kind of madness: he was sane. 
However, unlike normal sanity, which is laced with optimism and hope, this sanity was cruel and bare, and relied almost entirely on logic. It was the kind of sanity which could look at the dying planet, identify the main cause of the destruction, and take steps to eliminate it. It made sense, and Barsch could almost feel himself start to think that maybe they had been wrong, and this sane man had been right. In that treacherous part of his brain, he could see the beginnings of the thought, which he knew would eventually grow into, “Maybe it would be better for the planet, if all of the humans ceased to exist?” 
Back in reality, where the madman who was not mad existed, something was happening. Dr Emmerfield had extended his hand towards Kingston, in the universal sign of  ‘welcome’. Kingston merely stared at the outstretched hand in response, but it was clear to Barsch that the old man was struggling to hold himself back. Kingston had seen it too: the madman's dead eyes, his youthful movements, and the clear-cut gleam of the truly insane. The tense standoff between the two old men -one loving and wise, the other genocidal and beyond sane- seemed to last for an age, although in reality the moment passed in seconds. 
After it became clear that there would be no handshake forthcoming, Dr Emmerfield withdrew his hand. For an instant, as he drew back his hand, Barsch saw a sneer appear on the madman's face. It was a sneer he had only seen once before: on Kain.  Without waiting to hear Barsch or Kingston's names, Dr Emmerfield moved once more. In a graceful movement, he reached out his hand to Alza, before placing it gently on her shoulder. Alza, in spite of everything she had said and done before, did not move away. Rather, in a move that shocked Barsch to the point of gasping, she allowed the old man to draw her into a fatherly hug.
As they embraced, Dr Emmerfield quietly said, “It is so good to see you again, my daughter. I have missed you so very much. And now that you have returned to me, things can finally begin.” Alza just stood there, with a confused look on her face. For someone who could not even remember her father's name, having him embrace her the moment they were reunited was beyond her capacity to understand.  
“What did you mean, things can finally begin?” asked Kingston, despite the fact that he already knew. However, Dr Emmerfield ignored him, just as Kain had before him. It was clear to them that for Dr Emmerfield, everyone else in the room had ceased to exist. His eyes, formerly morose and uncaring, had burst into life at the sight of Alza. Barsch could not decide which was worse: the insensate, frigid orbs or the maniacal, frantic spheres he now saw. 
“Daughter, you must be tired from your long trip. Come with me, and I will see that you are properly cared for.” Dr Emmerfield had stepped back, leaving Alza looking more lost than he had ever seen her. From her bewildered stare to her awkward movements, it was obvious that she was unsure of how to react.
Dr Emmerfield, sensing that something was amiss, restated what he had said, in a slightly deeper voice, “ALZA00971, I'm sure you are famished. Come along now, and I will make you something nice to eat.” At the sound of her true name, Alza's expression changed completely. 
Immediately, she snapped to attention, and said, “Yes, Father, I shall do as you command.” Without further hesitation, Alza began to move forward, towards the madman's beckoning arms. Barsch wanted to move, he wanted to shout out and make her stop, but his confidence had melted away under Dr Emmerfield's penetrating stare.
“Stop!” cried Kingston, “Where are you taking her?”
Dr Emmerfield, who had taken Alza by the arm and had begun walking towards the door, stopped. Immediately, a coolness descended upon the room, as the madman slowly turned back to face his accuser. There was a fire in his eyes that had not been there before, a burning, ravaging flame that would consume everything it perceived as a threat. Dr Emmerfield had used up all of his self-restraint in greeting these interlopers, and what was left was nothing but pure, unrelenting hatred for those who got in his way. 
Nevertheless, something kept the fire at bay, as he said, “Did you not hear me earlier? I am taking her to her room, where I have a meal waiting for her. She is tired and hungry, and I am simply doing what any father would in this situation.”
Kingston, with a willpower that rivalled an immovable mountain, coolly replied, “Where are you really taking her?”
Once more, Kain's sneer appeared on the old man's face, but this time, it did not leave. Pulling Alza behind him, he spoke, with a voice that sent icicles shooting down Barsch's spine. 
“Enough. I have had enough of this façade. Why should I have to speak to these archaic life forms? Soon, very soon, I will be rid of this human menace, and I will no longer have to put up with such degenerative drivel!” Dr Emmerfield, having realised that he had been thinking out loud, quickly stepped forward and pointed at Kingston's chest.
“Do not overstep your boundaries, sapien. This is my home, and these are my children. What I do with them are none of your business!” 
After his outburst, Dr Emmerfield once more stopped to think, before continuing with, “Why are you here?”
“What?” said Kingston in surprise.
“Why are you in my house? For what reason did you come here? I have not seen another human being in more than two decades, so why are you awake?” 
Suddenly, a strange, paranoid look stole over the madman's face. “Who sent you? Who sent you to interfere with my work? Was it those fools from the government? Or perhaps it was one of their pet scientists? The ones who came up with that goddamn plan!”
Finally, Barsch regained enough of his sense to re-join the conversation. “Are you talking about the Cryogenesis Plan?”
“Of course I am, you bloody fool! You humans... you inferior creatures... you killed your home! You dyed the skies black with smog and the ground red with blood... and yet when the time came for you to fess up and admit to your mistakes, you ran, like spineless cowards! Homo sapiens destroyed this world, and Homo Novus will rebuild it!”
Kingston, remembering what he had seen in the video diary, stepped forward and said, “And how exactly do you plan to do that? There are still over a hundred million humans alive today, and all you have are two children.”
A slow, gleeful smile began to form on the madman's face, as he gave his reply, “Yes, if I had tried this twenty years ago, my grand idea would never have come to fruition. But things have changed now.”
“The cryogenic pods...” Barsch said, as everything came together.
“Indeed. You humans, in your desire to escape from the disaster you caused, have placed yourselves in a most vulnerable position. Not a single drop of blood will be shed, in the rebellion that is to come. All it takes, to permanently remove the human plague from this planet, is a simple line of code. How fitting, don't you think, that your last hope for salvation will become your self-made destruction.”
“You were the one who altered the Global Release Code, weren't you?” Kingston looked at Maloch sharply, demanding an explanation with his eyes alone. “When we were in Revelation Station 52, I hacked into the global mainframe, and found a virus that had been programmed to manipulate the code in an unknown way. At the time, I thought that it was you. I was wrong.”
Dr Emmerfield gave a loud cackle, as his eyes darted around the room in glee. He was insane, Barsch had decided, and there was nothing any of them could do to change that. In another time and place, his efforts might have been called magnificent, for what was the death of a species, in exchange for the salvation of an entire planet? But in that time, and in that place, it was insanity. 
“It was I. Those foolish humans, entrusting their lives to the very machines who had helped them to pollute this beautiful planet. My days as a genetic researcher, working on Project Seraphim, gave me all of the skills I needed to hack into the global mainframe and plant my little virus. On my command, it will activate, and forever seal the pod doors, trapping the humans inside until the end of time! Do not worry though, I am a saviour, not an evil man as you no doubt believe. The humans frozen inside will not be harmed, but rather... they will be preserved, so that my children will be able to see and observe their forefathers, and learn from their mistakes.”
“You are insane. Do you really think that your plan will work? You are using Alza and Kain for your own selfish reasons! What about their happiness? What about their dreams!” Barsch shouted, visibly shaking in anger.
Dr Emmerfield then turned to him, and with a look of utter incredulity, said, “Their happiness? Their dreams? I think... that you are the insane one here. I created them! I made them in my image! They are mine to do with as I please! Alza has served her purpose, as a scout and test for her model's viability. With the knowledge I extract from her, I will create a second generation, who will go on to spread across this befouled land! And, with their superior genetics and my leadership, we will accomplish things that humans could only dream of!” 
“They are people too! Just because they were... created... does not make them any less real that you or I!” As he spoke, Barsch caught a glimpse of Alza, still standing obediently behind Dr Emmerfield. For an instant, he thought he saw something in her eyes, a glimmer of understanding, but it was gone before he could check.
“Tell me, boy, do you think puppeteers think of their puppets as real people? Or doll makers? Or... re-mechs? All of them were created for a purpose. It is the only reason for their existence! And if they cannot perform their duty, then they are faulty, and deserve to be destroyed,” At that, both Alza and Maloch flinched, “And if they complete their objectives, then there is no need for them to continue existing! Alza has served her purpose, and she has no qualms about being... dismantled... for the good of her unborn siblings, does she?”
Alza once again looked unsure of what to say, so Dr Emmerfield repeated his question, this time calling her by her true name.
“No Father, I have no objections. I do not live, so therefore my life is yours to take,” she replied, in a flat, monotone voice.
“You see? She has no problems with any of this. And now, I am growing weary of talking with out-dated life forms, about things that no longer matter. I will be taking Alza to a specially constructed pod, which will decode her memories and dismantle her physical body. And you will be removed from my sight.”
“I won't let you take her! I will protect her!” Barsch screamed, lunging towards Dr Emmerfield with a fury that surpassed anything he had ever felt before. However, before he had even covered half the distance, he felt something heavy slam into him. It was as if the air had suddenly decided to become solid, just for him. With a pained groan, he flew backwards, towards his astonished friends. Maloch, ever the quick-thinker, managed to catch him as he flew past, stopping him just short of the equally solid wall. 
“You threatened my Father. I warned you not to threaten him, and yet you did it anyway. For that, you will pay in blood and tears.” Kain was shaking in barely contained anger, his crimson eyes glowing like two exploding suns. 
“Kain, my son, wait.” At his father's call, Kain snapped to attention. 
“Yes, Father?” he said, while his burning eyes bored holes into Barsch's chest.
“I want you to dispose of them, but not here. I would be very unhappy if you got blood and oil all over my clean study. So... take them to the reactor; it will make it much easier to clean up after you're finished.”
And then, with Kain bearing down upon them, Dr Emmerfield, the madman, left. He had taken Alza's arm in a firm grip, and was leading her towards the door when Barsch, his breath only just returning, said, “Alza... don't...go with... him. He... will kill... you. Please... don't go...”
Alza's face was wracked with pain and indecision, but, against her creator's voice, she could not disobey. “ALZA00971?” he said, and all traces of doubt disappeared from her face.
“Yes, Father, I hear and obey.” 
And with that, they left.
“ALZA!” Barsch screamed at the closed, oak door. But she did not return, as he had hoped she would. 
*
After a few minutes of stunned silence, Kain spoke, “Do you plan to stand there all day? Get moving.”
Barsch, still in Maloch's sturdy arms, replied, “We are not going anywhere with you.”
“I was not asking you. That was a command, and if you refuse my commands...”
Without warning, pain consumed Barsch, as an invisible rope of pressure began to wrap itself around his neck, choking him. The rest of his body was pressed together until he could almost feel his bones cracking, as the force of the compression drove what little air he had left from his burning lungs. He did not know what would kill him first: suffocating from lack of air or his head exploding from the pressure. Either way, there was nothing he could do, but pray to the gods for mercy.
“Did your father not say to dispose of us in the reactor room?” Maloch said, earning Barsch's eternal gratitude. As quickly as it had appeared, the pain vanished, leaving Barsch to collapse to the floor in agony. 
“Yes... that is what Father wanted,” Kain said, half to himself. Bending down to Barsch, he grabbed a handful of the boy's brown hair and wrenched him up. 
“Be glad, human, for your pet has just given you a few more minutes of life. Don't waste them.” With that, he let Barsch's head fall, and strode purposely to the door. 
Kingston, who had experienced the same pain as Barsch, managed to crawl over to him and help him to his feet. They were in a pitiful state, and neither of them could see a way out of it. It was then that Barsch realised how lucky they had been to have had Alza as an ally. If her strength was even a tenth of Kain's -which seemed likely, given their battle record- then she would have made a truly fearsome opponent. But she was gone now, beyond their reach.
And even if they could somehow escape from Kain's overwhelming power, what would they find? Even now, she was on her way to be... dismantled... and there was nothing they could do about it. At the very least, Barsch wanted Kingston and Maloch to escape. With their know-how, perhaps they could find a way to deactivate the virus, and save the rest of humanity from a fate far worse than death. 
“If you are ready to die, then so am I,” said the Beast, as it slowly crept out of the dark place in his mind. With Lanista and his violence... his plan might succeed. Of course, beating Kain was out of the question, but he could probably distract him for just long enough for his friends to get away. However, for his makeshift plan to work, he needed the perfect timing, so for now, he would obey. 
After getting to his feet, he quietly fell in line behind Kain, who looked back at him with a satisfied smirk. “He thinks that he has broken me. But he is wrong. When the time is right, I will show him what humanity is capable of... what I am capable of...”
*
At that exact moment, Alza and Dr Emmerfield were walking down a white-walled corridor in complete silence. The madman, with his dead eyes that could become maniacal in a heartbeat, led the way. Behind him walked a very confused Alza. She knew that something was wrong about her current situation, but there was a wall in her mind, keeping her from thinking clearly. Every time she began questioning her lack of resistance to her 'father' the wall increased in size, until she gave up trying to resist him. When he called out her name, her true name, it was as if he was reaching down into her head, and taking hold of her brain. Her muscles, her thoughts, everything was his to use as he saw fit. 
It was unlike anything she had ever felt before, and, even though she had long since convinced herself that she was incapable of emotions, it worried her. Ever since she had seen that video of her... creation... she had been in two minds. The first was the one she had used since meeting Barsch, and it was this one that protested her current actions and screamed at her to turn around and run back to her endangered companions. The second had been formed, or reformed, after Kain had appeared, and told her the truth of who, and what she was. It was this mind that told her to obey Dr Emmerfield's orders without question, and to disregard the safety of her... friends. 
“Do not fear, daughter of mine. Soon, this will all be over. You will have played your part in the creation of a supreme race of beings, who will go on to cover this planet for millennia to come. With Kain acting in my stead, they will triumph where the humans failed so miserably, and the things that they accomplish will be remembered for all time.”
Alza said nothing, as the second mind was still in control.
“Are you worried about those... things that you came in with? Do not be, for they are the necessary sacrifices, which will enable the succession of my plan. And just as humanity sacrificed this planet to satisfy their greed, so I shall sacrifice them for its revival. And who knows? Perhaps one day, one of our kind shall see fit to defrost a few humans, so that they can witness what we will have created.”
Again, Alza said nothing, although the desire to do so was stronger than before. With every minute that passed, she could feel the second, obedient mind weakening. It would not be long.
“Or perhaps you are worried about your own well-being? I had theorized that letting you wander the planet could lead to a type of... self-awareness, which in turn could lead to thoughts and concepts beyond your original parameters. But I would never had guessed that you would become so attached to your life. After all, I did create you from nothing, so returning to that nothingness should have presented no objections. Hmmm... I suppose I could always just remake you, using another of the pods. I still have that girl's DNA, and it would be a simple thing to clone it once more and apply the necessary modifications. Think about it, you could be reborn. A fresh slate, without any of those useless memories of your time here.”
“Useless... memories...?” Alza had finally managed to speak, but forming coherent thoughts was still proving to be a challenge.
“Yes, yes. I suppose there is a way to transfer over your current memories, but what would be the point? I am very proud of you, for enduring your time with those lesser beings, but memories of them will no doubt hinder your reborn self.” 
Alza once again tried to speak, to tell Dr Emmerfield that her memories were not worthless, but he spoke before she could gather the words.
“Ah! We're here. Come along, daughter, it's time to see what your journey has yielded!” They had stopped before a solid, white door, that was unremarkable in almost every single way. 
The only outstanding feature was a nameplate, which bore the rather ominous words, “GENE SEQUENCER AND MEMORY RETRIEVAL”. As she stepped inside, Alza happened to glance down the empty hallway, towards Barsch. He was somewhere out there, and he was in danger. 
“My journey... is it finally over?” She asked, to no one in particular, before the heavy door slammed shut behind her.
*
Meanwhile, less than a hundred feet away, Barsch was walking in silence, behind a trigger-happy Kain. The man, who physically looked younger than him, was exuding an air of glee. Unlike Alza, who was incapable of emotions, her brother seemed to revel in them, going from one extreme to the other with no logical pattern. From his angry outburst to his current jubilee, only minutes had passed, and yet is was as if he had already forgotten about Barsch's transgression.  
“You don't have to do this, you know,” said Barsch, taking advantage of Kain's good mood.
Kain said nothing, but there was something in the way his shoulders bunched up that should have warned Barsch, but the boy did not notice.
“I mean, even if he is your father, that doesn't mean that you have to do everything he says.” 
Once more, there was no reply, but Kain's pace slowed slightly, and his hands began to contort into fists. However, Barsch was not willing to go so far without getting an answer, so he pressed on with his questions, despite the alarm bells going off in his head.
“You could try and be like Alza, and just do what you want, instead of having to rely on someone else to tell you what to do.” 
The good mood had vanished, leaving Kain in the same state he had been in before: psychotic rage. Without warning, he stopped and turned to face Barsch. His eyes were glowing, with an intensity that Alza had never produced. Kingston and Maloch, somehow sensing what was going to happen next, leapt forward to shield Barsch, but they were too late. With his strength augmented by his gene-given powers, he grabbed hold of Barsch's shirt. With a mighty tug, he lifted the bewildered boy into the air, before throwing him towards the distant wall. Barsch, moving faster than a bullet, could not react in time. He hit the wall with a tremendous force, which drove the air from his chest. However, so great was the force, that instead of stopping, he continued to travel... through the wall. 
As he flew by, Barsch briefly caught a glimpse of the room he had just entered. It was a large room, with a row of terminals on one end and a monstrously large structure on the other. In the brief second he had before his body impacted the hard floor and he lost consciousness, his brain figured it out. The structure before him was a hybrid nuclear-coal reactor, built in an age where pollution was a myth and the environment could withstand anything man threw at it. And if that was the generator, then the room they were in could only be one thing... The Reactor Room.
“Get up!” 
A familiar voice was screaming at him, as he hung suspended in the void. 
“Get up Barsch!” 
I want to get up... I want to fight! But... it hurts to much... everything hurts. 
“Weren't you going to use me? To allow Kingston and Maloch to escape? Is this how it ends? Will you just lie there, and patiently await death?” 
But... the pain... it's too much. I can't even lift my hand, let alone raise myself up... I can't do anything! 
“Then you are a disappointment. Did you not promise Alza that you would protect her? Did you not swear to save her? Were those just empty words?” 
No... NO! I want to protect her! I want to save her! 
“Then stand up and fight! If you don't, you will never be able to face your mother in the afterlife.” 
But I'm so weak... and he is too strong... 
“Then I will be your strength. If you give into the violence, and let it become a part of you, I will lend you my strength. With the two of us in unison, there is nothing that can resist us. So call for me. Scream out my name, and lose yourself to the bloodlust.” 
Yes. I will do it. For Alza. For Kingston. For Maloch. For Mother and Father. I will give you control. I will call your name! 
“Well then, what are you waiting for? DO IT!” 
“LANISTA!” Barsch screamed, with all of his might.
“Barsch!” Came the reply, as he snapped his eyes open. In that second, everything stopped. In that timeless space, Barsch could see everything. From Kain's leaping figure, with his glowing, crimson eyes and the fire forming in his palm, to Maloch and Kingston's anguished forms. And finally, his eyes found what he had been looking for. The frozen form of Lanista, stopped in mid-tumble, it's wrapped handle a foot away from the one who had thrown it; it's polished blade aiming for the heart of it's one true owner.
A moment later, time resumed, and the chaos continued. Kain, now a slave to momentum, could only watch as the blade flew past him. It's black surface momentarily gleamed red as the growing flames in his hand warmed it's savage teeth. Barsch, in a move that should have been impossible for someone in his condition, sprang to his feet. His outstretched hand looked so empty, compared to Kain's ball of crimson fire, but that changed a moment later, as Lanista was reunited with its owner. Without a moment's hesitation, Barsch brought the black blade up, ready to guard against the coming flame. Kain, having realised that his current future was looking very unfavourable, chose to do the only logical thing, and fired the glowing orb at the ground. The resulting pressure wave propelled him just far enough to avoid Lanista's wide vertical arc, which, if the gods had been kinder, would have cleaved him in twain. 
For ten heartbeats, no one moved. Barsch, still in shock, could do nothing but stare at his saviour, who had appeared as if by magic. Kingston and Maloch, on the other hand, were transfixed by the scene they had just witnessed. From Maloch's quick thinking and accurate throw, to Kain's last minute dodge, it was all too much to take in. As for Kain, he could only lie there, on the cold floor, and dwell on how close he had come to defeat. 
Unfortunately for nearly everyone present, Kain was an incredibly arrogant individual, and moments later had already convinced himself that Barsch's swing had been nothing more than a one-in-a-million fluke. With his self-confidence regained, he stood and pivoted to face his foes. 
“Not bad, for a human,” he said, sneer in full force. With that, he dusted himself off and began walking towards Barsch, who was still rooted to the spot. “For a long time now, I have wanted to fight a human. My Father has told me, since I was old enough to understand, that I was stronger than humans, and that it was my birth right to stand above them. But I have often wondered, just how much stronger am I? So I was glad when Father said that I could fight you... and finally find out just how superior my race is to yours! Come, Ruination!” 
As he spoke, the burning in Kain's eyes grew more and more intense, until it felt as if fire should have been shooting out in thin streams. From the hand that had created the ball of flame, another was beginning to take form. However, unlike the first, this flame did not grow into an orb, but rather lengthened on either side, as it gradually took on a familiar shape. By the time he had finished speaking, Kain was holding a long length of burning air, which looked far too similar to Lanista to be an accident. The only difference was the absence of the rotating hook-like barbs, although their exemption from Kain's sword did little to diminish it's deadliness. 
“I will teach you the difference between us, human scum. And I will make it so that you will never again utter a bad word about my Father. Now, beg for mercy, cower in fear... and die afraid!” As he uttered his strange war cry, Kain leapt forward, bringing his burning blade down in a wide arc.
Barsch, however, had been expecting this, and was able to raise Lanista in time to guard. The flaming sword connected with the real deal in a shower of sparks, surprising Barsch. He had been expecting the blade to pass through his defence, similar to how a flame dances through the air. But Kain's blade was solid, having been formed from a hardened rod of air, and then set alight by his unnatural abilities. Barsch knew, somehow, that if that blade touched flesh, it would burn just as much as it cut.
With a strong shove, he pushed the enraged Kain back, to give himself some much needed breathing room. Even after letting the Beast loose, he did not truly believe he had a chance of winning. Mustering up the violence that had dwelt in his heart since birth, he pressed forward, with a flurry of swift stabs. Kain deflected them with ease, as if he had been trained in sword fighting since he was old enough to stand. Kain repaid his assault with one of his own, which was deflected with a lot less grace than before.
“Don't forget why you are doing this.” The Beast was right. He was not fighting to win, he was fighting to protect.
“Kingston! Maloch! Run! Get out of here!” he cried, when Kain gave him an opening. 
“No,” came the quick reply. 
In that instant, Kingston -wielding his fully extended solar staff- and Maloch -with his weapons charging- entered the fray. Together they struck, Kingston with staff and Maloch with beam. 
“Don't interfere!” screamed Kain, as flames blossomed from the ground around his feet. The flames roared up and began to twist into twin jets of crimson fire. The jets crossed once, before arcing off towards their respective targets. One struck Kingston in the chest, throwing him back, while the other absorbed Maloch's beam and impacted against his right leg. The metal titan fell to the ground a moment later, as the smell of burning metal filled the air.
“Kingston! Maloch!” cried Barsch, as he watched his friends crumple to the floor. Kingston was still breathing, somehow, and Maloch was still active, but neither were in any condition to continue. 
“So weak. So pitiful. Is this truly the might of the once great human race? A boy, a bot and an old man? I am growing tired of this nonsense. Perhaps I should finish this, and go to my Father. He should be almost done with dismantling sister by now.” 
“KAIN!” roared Barsch, as he struck out, the Beast screaming in his ears. His rage was his fuel, his body an engine of death. With a ferocity that he could scarcely believe, he attacked, again and again, until Kain was forced to fall back. 
“You are getting better, perhaps I shall keep you as a pet? Or a sparring part-
“SHUT UP!” With trembling fingers, Barsch reached down and felt for Lanista's ripcord. The smooth, almost leathery length of cord was there, right where he knew it would be. With a grunt he grabbed it tightly and ripped, praying that it would catch on the first try. Mercifully, the blade responded, and began to hum it's sickening song. He could feel it, every scratch and groove on its length. He could feel the bloodlust, the ache for destruction, in every single one of its teeth. From the tip of the blade to the blood-stained handle; everything was a part of him. He had finally become one with the blade, by letting it become a part of him. With the Beast let free and his rage giving him strength, there was nothing he could not do.
With an animalistic roar, he brought the blade down, aiming to split Kain's skull into a thousand pieces. When the higher being dodged, he was ready, as he quickly reversed his hands, letting the blade fall to the floor. A split second later, the churning blade touched the polished surface of the reactor room floor, leaving a deep groove. However, he did not let the blade fall completely, and, in a motion that would have impressed a master swordsman, changed the angle of the blade and brought it across, into a diagonal cut. The strange movement caught Kain by surprise, and earned Barsch a long, thin cut across his foe's chest. While not deep enough to end the fight, it was enough to give Kain something to think about.
Unfortunately, Kain was not about to play fair, especially when facing a member of an insignificant species. While his mind screamed in pain, Kain's body moved. He brought his free hand up and formed a fist. As Barsch readied his next volley, Kain punched, although it was obvious that he would fall far short. However, with the help of his man-made powers, he was able to form a wall of moving air, which originated from his fist before rushing towards Barsch at an unbelievable speed. The gale of wind hit Barsch square in the chest, forcing him back and giving Kain enough time to strike. The flaming sword left a wide patch of burnt skin across Barsch's arm, while the sharpened air cut a deep wound into his forearm.
Immediately, pain began to radiate outwards from the wound, but Barsch, using his innate violence, blocked it out. He could still feel it, although it was not as bad as before.
“You are afraid. I can see it in your eyes!” 
The sudden, foreign thought had come from nowhere, and had destroyed what was left of Barsch's concentration in one foul swoop. It had not been one of his own, of that he was sure; and he highly doubted the Beast would say something so crushing when he had already achieved his goal. And that left only one possibility, which was the worst of them all. If Alza had not done it to him before, he would never have thought it possible, but nothing had been impossible since he had met her.
If it was not him, and it was not the Beast, that left only... Kain. 
“Ah, I'm so glad you figured it out! You really are quite something, you know. From this 'Beast' that fights with you to that... thing... dwelling in your heart, you really are special. In another life, under different circumstances, we might have been friends.” 
Barsch was snapped out of his thoughts by another bout of pain, this time coming from his leg. While he had been listening to Kain's mental projection, the real thing had gotten close enough for a strike. Trying to focus his thoughts, he jumped back, narrowly missing another swing in the process.
“What's wrong? What happened to all of that ferocity from earlier? Don't tell me, you aren't actually scared, are you? Ha ha! Your thoughts are a mess, you know. Instead of focusing on me, you are wasting time on thinking about those useless friends of yours! And... what's this? Oh what do we have here? You're still thinking about my sister? Shame on you! By now, she is long gone. Aww, don't be sad. There was never any chance of you actually fulfilling your promise. 'I will protect you' ha! Don't make me laugh! Although you have talent, in the end, you are still nothing more than a lowly human! You are too weak to protect others, let alone yourself!” 
Another wound, this time across his abdomen. Barsch was struggling, trying to fight two battles at once. He knew that he was a match for Kain physically, but he lacked the ability to fight him mentally. And on top of that, his thoughts were scattered, just like Kain had said. He knew that he could not worry about everyone and still fight at the same time, but, somehow, it felt as if his thoughts of them were the only things keeping him alive. With that theory in his mind, he let his body fall to the Beast, as he concentrated on his memories of his friends.
Immediately, he could see the effects. Kain's voice, previously unblockable, had become muted and ignorable, letting Barsch drive forth. His attacks quickly returned to their earlier speed and strength, and in no time at all, he had scored several hits. None of them were deep enough, but each one gave Barsch a momentary burst of confidence, which in turn helped him to tune Kain out. 
And then, everything stopped.
“Sister?” Kain said suddenly, in the midst of blocking one of Barsch's swings. Taking advantage of Kain's hesitation, Barsch struck, his roaring blade diving towards his opponent's heart. However, against all logic, it fell short. The blade hung in mid-stab, while the furious teeth gradually ran down. In a nonchalant way, Kain turned to Barsch and, with a slight push, sent him sprawling across the floor. Barsch was too surprised to react, but his boiling blood let him spring to his feet, despite the renewed pain coming in from his various wounds. Before Barsch could reach down and retrieve Lanista, Kain turned to him and, with a cold, dead voice, spoke.
“Goodbye.”
*
Several minutes in the past, Alza was still in the strange room with Dr Emmerfield, desperately searching for a way to defy her creator’s absolute commands. So far, she was having little luck, although this fact did not deter her from trying. They had entered a room which was unnervingly similar to the one in which she had been made, the only difference being the increased amount of computers. Each of them bore a dizzying amount of data values and ever-changing graphs, while a central console displayed the status of the empty white pod, which stood in the centre of the room.
Dr Emmerfield was at the main computer, double-checking the status of the pod. As he worked, he began explaining the procedure in detail. “After the cerebral-sensory barrier has been breached, the nanite-infused liquid will create a link between your limbic system and the central processing core. This will allow for your memories and experiences to be decoded and analysed, which in turn will allow me to make the necessary adjustments to my next batch. After your memories have been retrieved and processed, the nanites inside the liquid will be instructed to begin dismantling your body on a nanoscopic scale. This process will give me a more detailed look at how your DNA and cells responded to the outside environment, as well as letting me see how much pollution you have absorbed. Unfortunately, the breaking-down of your physical form will no doubt be painful beyond belief, but it should not last for more than thirty-eight minutes. At that time, you will cease to exist, although this fact should not really be of any great concern, since it will have been a necessary sacrifice.”
After finishing up the last of his preparations, Dr Emmerfield left the console and approached Alza, who was still standing idly by the door. 
“Now, my dear, step into the pod, and let all of your worries melt away.” 
As he took her by the hand and led her towards the glass-walled monolith, he said, “I am so very proud of you, did you know? From the very beginning, when you were nothing more than a clump of modified cells, I knew that you were going to be special. The first of a species is always a marvellous thing, but you proved to be more than that. From your physical resilience to your ability to survive, you have exceeded all of my expectations! And although your body and mind may be gone, your sacrifice will live on for all time, through the children that you will have helped create.” 
Alza said nothing, as she slowly followed her creator towards her end. Her mind was blank, her heart empty. Barsch, was -or would soon be- dead, and she had failed him. Ion had asked her to protect him from Kain, and she had let her down. The old man, and the re-mech... Kain would never let them go. She was going to die, in a place so far from the warm sun, without ever having accomplished anything. 
Eventually, she could delay no longer. With a heavy heart, Alza stepped into the pod. It's glass doors slid shut behind her, sealing her in completely. From hidden tubes in the floor, the nanite infused liquid began to pour in. An oxygen mask descended from a recessed groove in the tank's ceiling, which would keep her alive while the nanites slowly killed her.
“Initiating Memory Retrieval Sequence,” proclaimed Dr Emmerfield, while staring at the pod with a jubilant smile on his face. Her Father, her creator, her killer. She could not oppose him, just like she could not oppose her fate. As the nanites began their work, she felt a sudden ping of longing. Her memories were starting to flow, like a great river, carving out the path which had been her life.
“My Daughter, I thank you for what you have done. Now, it is time for you to sleep the great sleep, and dream no more. Your journey may have been long and tiring, but... with this... will finally be over. Goodnight my Daughter... goodnight... Alza...” 
The darkness in the corners of her eyes expanded quickly, as the combined fatigue of everything that she had gone through was suddenly released. She floated, in the cool darkness, watching her memories float by.
*
I have completed my mission. I found my place in life. I was created to serve my Father, and now, in death, I will help him to accomplish his goals. I have a past now, and although I no longer have a future, It is alright. My life has been short, but it has been full. 
Waking up in that strange place, meeting Barsch... I was so lost back then. I did not know who or what I was... but he did not care. Meeting Kingston was interesting, although I don't think he ever really accepted me. Perhaps it was because he knew who I really was? But still, listening to him tell stories of the past... was enjoyable. And maybe, just maybe, I was a little bit envious of his vast number of memories. 
Travelling together with them was a challenge. I could never figure out what they were going to do next. Climbing mountains, wandering through the forest, facing that re-mech... I could barely keep up. And then, just when I thought I had them figured out, they extended a hand of friendship to something that had tried to kill them. Maloch. Oh how I misjudged him. 
When we first met, I thought of him as nothing more than a mindless drone, but his quick-thinking and unending loyalty surprised me. And when I leant about his goal to be free, I could not help but feel awed by his dream. Being separated in the desert... was excruciating... even though I could have finally been rid of them... I found that I simply could not leave until I knew that they were okay. 
Meeting Ion opened my eyes to the wonders of this world, and made me aware of just how powerless I was. And from then on, things became far more chaotic. Tracking down the madman, facing down that wolf, desperately trying to heal Barsch, travelling through that ç'aether filled cave... our troubles never ended... but... I wasn't unhappy. 
And truthfully, when I met Father and Brother... I could only wish for one thing... that we had never found them... and that our journey could continue... just a little bit longer... But all of that is over... my journey is complete. I have fulfilled my purpose, and I am no longer needed... not by anyone... not by him... 
The memories... my memories... are so clear now. They swill around me, here, in the void. Crossing the Desert brushes past Weathering the Storm, which in turn is pushed aside by The ç'aether Maze... so many memories... so many dreams... and now, as I face the end, there is only one memory that I want to hold on to. Even if it is my last, I want to hold on to it. On that day, in that place, where everything began. It is my most important memory, and it is floating to me. I reach out to it, and embrace it, as his voice rings out in my mind...
I WILL PROTECT YOU!
Barsch's scream moved like lightning through Alza's mind, igniting the memories within. The blaze filled the void in seconds, consuming Alza in a warm, bright light. In that instant, the power that dwelt within her was fully awakened, and for one, brief moment, Alza was overwhelmed with a strong desire to live. The desire resonated with the power, with each one strengthening the other, until Alza felt as if she would burst. 
In her mind, in the minuscule area that had not been overcome by the raging power, lay but one thought, “My friends are in danger!” This thought slowly grew, forcing the power back, moulding it into a now-familiar shape. She tried to recall how it had looked before, when she had used her power to create a bubble of energy that had protected her on so many occasions. Focusing her might, she gathered her memories of her journey together, using them as fuel for the ever-growing flame. 
Unbeknownst to her, just outside, Dr Emmerfield was panicking. The machines had long since stopped trying to interpret what was happening inside the pods, and now simply read, “Error. Error. Structural Failure Imminent.” 
Alza, still asleep inside the pod, was now surrounded by a corona of light, which pulsed and writhed. Her eyes were open -although they were blank- and were glowing with a radiant violet light. 
“What are you doing! Daughter, stop this at once!” yelled the madman, as he pounded on the hardened glass. But his words could not penetrate the thick outer shell. 
Inside Alza's mind, the power, while still massive, had finally come under her control. With Barsch's words and her desire to save the others still firmly in her mind, she called out to the power. With an assurance that she had never before felt, she commanded it, “I want to be free!” And a second later, the power made her wish come true. 
The corona of energy around Alza quickly coalesced into a tangible surface, which curved away from her to form a bubble. The bubble grew with an unbelievable speed, until it had reached the constricting edge of the glass. However, instead of stopping, the bubble, and Alza, pressed through. With enough kinetic energy to throw an elephant clear across a field, the glass of the pod exploded outward.
*
With the nanite-infused fluid draining away, Alza could finally open her eyes. The scene before her was so different from what it had been before, Alza had to double-check that she was still in the same place. The row of computers, formerly pristine and ordered, now lay in a broken heap in the corner of the room. The nanite-liquid had seeped into the floor tiles, dyeing everything a bright shade of purple. 
And then Alza's wandering eyes found Dr Emmerfield, her father, and she felt a pang of guilt. The force of the blast had thrown him across the room, towards the far wall. He was still there, sitting in a pool of still warm blood. Three large glass shards protruded from his chest, and it was from these wounds that the blood flowed. It was obvious to her that he would not be alive for much longer, and she briefly considered picking up a wayward shard and ending his suffering. But, even though he had been about to kill her, he had still been the one who had created her. Picking her way carefully among the glass, she made her way to him. Leaning down, she cupped his blood-soaked head in her hands.
“Thank you for giving me life... thank you for giving me the chance to live... and thank you for letting me meet my friends. I am sorry that your dream could not be accomplished, but I hope that you will find peace in the next life.” 
The words came more easily than she had expected, but they did not feel shallow as a result. This man, whom she could barely remember, had still been her father. And even though his death meant that she was free, it did not bring her any joy. 
Once she had finished with her goodbye, she stood and walked towards the door. For now, she was safe, but Barsch and the others were still in danger. As she reached the exit, she took once last look at the ruined room. “My journey is not over yet,” she whispered, mostly to herself. 
With nothing more keeping her in the room, she took off at a run down the white corridor. As she ran, she tried to reach out to Barsch, relying on the mental link she had forged when they had first met. But nothing came through, which meant that either Barsch was unconscious, or worse. Trying to keep the hope in her heart from dying, she chose to firmly wish for the former. 
“Barsch! Where are you?” she called, hoping for an answer. 
Silence was her only answer. She could do nothing but run forward, down the seemingly endless corridor, towards her friends. She could feel Kain's mind, somewhere ahead of her, and she briefly debated steering clear of him. But somehow she knew, that if Barsch was still alive, he would be with the thing that called itself her brother. A heartbeat later, she saw something which made her blood run cold.
Through an inexplicable hole in the wall ahead, she saw Barsch. He was facing something which she could not see, and, judging from his blood-stained clothes and the small pool of crimson around his feet, he was not doing well. However, he was still alive, and that was enough, for now.
“KAIN!” she screamed, sending the thought towards her psychotic brother.
Evidently, he received her message, for a split second later he sent a reply, “Sister?” 
As she neared the opening, more of the gruesome scenario was revealed to her. Kingston, lying against the wall, was clutching his chest in agony, as his lifeblood slowly seeped through his trembling fingers. Maloch fared little better, as a massive dent had appeared where his chest used to be, and his normally glowing eyes were quickly fading away. But worse of all was Barsch, who looked like a man who had been thrown into a tree shredder and then lit on fire. Somehow, he was staying upright, but it looked like that was the extent of his abilities. 
Facing them, with a cruel and triumphant smile distorting his handsome face, was Kain. Her brother, her better, and a man who could and would destroy them all if given the chance. Begging her body to go faster, she reached the hole and began to summon her powers. Even if she could not defeat him in battle, she could at least buy them enough time to escape. And then, when she was mere feet from reaching out and touching Barsch, Kain finally made his move.
The madman's son and successor carefully put up his hand, with his palm facing towards Barsch's head. In an instant, the glow in his crimson eyes returned, and Alza felt the enormity of his power manifest. She had no idea what he would do, so she prepared for the worst. With her power finally activated, she set to work on creating a bubble of energy, similar to the one which had killed her father. With the construct firmly in mind, she threw it out into reality, willing it to form around Barsch. If she could make it in time... if she could just get there... she was so close... just one more second...
“Goodbye,” Kain whispered, and everything ended. 
With a swift motion, Kain closed his hand. What came next was the most horrifying thing Alza had ever seen. Like a puppet whose strings have been cut, Barsch fell to the floor. He impacted the hard surface with a sickening splat, and lay still. 
As Barsch hit the ground, Alza felt her strength leave her. With nothing to support her, she slumped to the floor, coming to rest mere inches from Barsch. His eyes, while still open, were empty. What he saw now, was not something for the living to see.
“No. NO! He can't be... HE CAN'T BE!” 
“He is.”
With a trembling hand, Alza reached out and took hold of his wrist. It was still warm, and although it was covered in his blood, she could feel something, something that could not possibly exist: a pulse. 
“What did you do to him?” she asked, as streaks of warm liquid began to flow down her face. Her tears, her first tears, cut tiny grooves into her once-emotionless face, before falling to the dying boy below. 
Kain cackled and replied, “It's simple... I broke his mind.” 
“There is still hope. As long as he is alive, there is hope. I just need to remember, what I did back then.”
“Give up, there is nothing you can do for him. I've broken his consciousness into a thousand pieces, and not even you can put it back together.” 
As Kain spoke, a stray thought stole over him. He had been so surprised to see his sister alive, he had not stopped to consider what her appearance meant. “Where is Father? What have you done to him?” His voice, which had only moments before been gleeful and exuberant, was now cold and harsh.
Alza did not even look up from Barsch's blank face, “He's dead. I killed him.” 
The words sounded hollow, even to her, but it did not matter. At that moment, nothing mattered, except Barsch. The burning tears had clouded her vision, but she could still see his face... he could have been sleeping, but those sightless eyes said otherwise.
From jubilee to cold and calculating, Kain now went into pure, unstoppable rage. His Father, the only thing that his life revolved around, was gone. And the one responsible, along with the one who had hurt him, was within his reach. He would destroy them both, and let their ashes serve as a parting gift to his beloved Creator. 
Taking a step towards his prodigal sister, he raised his hand, ready to end them both with a snap of his fingers. But, in a move that not even he could have anticipated, something got in his way. From the ether, a form appeared: a ball of golden light, big enough to swallow him whole. Spectre had come for them, when they needed it most. It spun around Kain, changing colour and shape as it distracted him from its most cherished companions.
However, Alza was not paying attention to anything but Barsch. He was dying, and she was the only one who could save him. She reached inside herself, and dragged the slumbering power from its hiding place. For the first time, it gave no resistance. For the first time, it wanted exactly what she wanted: to save her first friend. Cupping his blood-soaked face in her hands, she leant down and whispered, “I will protect you, so please... come back to me...” Moments later, their lips touched, and everything faded to black...


Chapter XVII: Mindmeld
In which two hearts become one...

When Alza opened her eyes, she was in a different place. Darkness stretched for as far as she could see, from horizon to horizon. At first, Alza thought that she had somehow ended up outside, and that the night sky was the cause of the darkness. But that was not the case, as she quickly realised. This place had no sky, no stars, no end. It was simply an eternal void, in which nothing living could survive. Somehow, her one-in-a-million chance of a plan had worked. She had entered Barsch's fractured mind, and could now begin the process of repairing it. 
A slight glimmer in the darkness above made her look up. Up above -although direction had little meaning in this place- a single, glass-like shard was tumbling through the air. Trailing lazily behind it were several more of its kin, like a slow moving river of broken glass. The shards, at first glance, looked simple, but a closer observation revealed that each was a multi-coloured spectacle of constantly changing images. Even from a distance, Alza could make some of them out.
There, spinning end over end, was a single violet eye. Three feet from it was a snarling wolf. And directly above it was a portion of their frantic escape from Carçus. They were, quite simply, the fragmented remains of Barsch's memories. Still hanging in the air, several feet above the memory river, were several transparent orbs of varying sizes and colours. They too were fractured, although these looked as if they had held together a bit better than the memories. As she watched, a large crack appeared in the nearest sphere, which quickly grew to encircle the entire structure. With a sharp breaking sound, the sphere split down the middle.
Alza allowed herself to float upwards, towards the decaying orbs. One to her left, a blue and pink orb with several cracks emanating from the equator, showed an unfamiliar sight. Inside the broken sphere, a young boy was flying unsupported through a sea of golden clouds. The green and white globe to her right also showed the boy, now a young man, as he rode a strange, unearthly creature beside a glimmering lake. The rondure below her, a beautiful pearl, had the same boy, only younger, being carried in his father’s arms.
They were Barsch's dreams, Alza realized with a start. Leaving the dream layer, she allowed herself to fall backwards to the slow-moving river of memories. Falling further still, she saw something appear far below. As she drifted near, she saw that it was a road, one which lead deeper into the darkness. Touching down, she experienced a sudden wave of nostalgia. She had walked on the road before, on the way into Carçus, in a time that now seemed so long ago. With no other clues or paths, Alza began to walk down the desolate, grey road. 
A few minutes -or hours; time was impossible to keep in the void- later, more structures began to appear from Barsch's memories. Half-broken glass columns from Terra's city; along with marble arches from an unknown time sprang up beside the crumbling road. Partially destroyed buildings came next, forming a street of remembrances. Alza recognized a few: the hospital they had visited in Carçus; the clinic outside which Alza had first used her powers; the pod-room from Revelation Station 52.  However, some of the structures, such as a long, cylindrical building balanced on a series of tall struts; and a short, squat house on wheels had obviously been visited before the Great Sleep. 
With no way to go but forward, Alza carried on walking. As she did, more and more unfamiliar buildings began to pop into existence. Some of the buildings were clear and well-defined, and consisted of ordinary things such as metal and wood, but a fair portion of the structures were barely there. Their edges were fuzzy, and their features were vague and inconsistent. Alza watched in amazement as a tall, steel-grey building shrank and grew in size, with doors and windows appearing and disappearing at random. As she was staring at the indecisive building, a number of people began pouring out of it. They were of every size and colour, sharing nothing in common, except for a single, unified expression: fear. The people were running from the building in pure, abject terror, fleeing some unknown horror within. 
Seconds later, a gout of flame exploded outwards from one of the upper-level windows, followed by several loud, yet unseen, explosions. Flames began to pour from the other windows, which were still flickering between the states of existence. The people below were still fleeing, although many had stopped and turned back to stare at the devastation. Without context, the scene was meaningless to Alza, but she found that she could not help but watch. 
Out of the dozens of forgettable people, Alza noticed one that stood out. He was the only one moving towards the burning building, and although Alza could not see his face, she could feel a mix of anger and panic rolling off him. The man, having finally made his way through the crowd, headed towards the entrance. Another man, dressed in what looked like an attendant’s uniform, called after the man, telling him that it was too dangerous.
The first man stopped in his tracks, and, after turning towards the attendant, coldly said, “Where is my son?” The ice in the man's voice was almost visible, as the attendant shrunk back, arms upraised in a warding gesture. Without a word, the fearful man pointed a trembling finger towards a window on the third floor of the building. The man followed the finger with his hidden eyes, and with a voice that brooked no argument, he said, “Alright, guess I better get going. Be back in a bit.” Without waiting for a reply, the man took off at a run, towards the building engulfed in flames. 
Seconds passed, followed by minutes, but the strange man still did not appear. Alza knew that she could leave whenever she wanted, but a part of her desperately wanted to see the man return victorious from his endeavour. His voice sounded familiar, but she could not place it. It had Kingston's sternness, but parts of Barsch's energy and youth was mixed in, creating a wholly unique sound.
As Alza was thinking this, a tremor ran through the void, causing large chunks to fall from the memory-built buildings. Overhead, dozens of Barsch's dreams shattered simultaneously, sending hundreds of shards flying into the darkness. In the memory of the burning building, several things happened at once. The man, cloak aflame and carrying a large bundle of wrapped cloth, burst forth from the collapsing entrance. Behind him, the building gave one last death cry, before it's tortured supports gave out, sending what was left of the structure crashing to the ground. The assembled crowd rapidly dispersed, as they unanimously decided to move to a safer spot, leaving the man alone. 
He stood there, in the ruins of the building, black coat on fire, face covered in ash, with a genuine smile that easily reached his eyes. With great care, he unwrapped the bundle, his deep blue eyes blazing with love. From the tangled cloths, a tiny hand emerged, followed by a thin, soot-stained arm, and lastly, a small, plump face. When Alza saw the child's eyes -a mixture of blue and green- she finally understood what she was looking at: Barsch, a mere child; and his father, who had charged into a death-trap to save his only son. A father who would give up his life for another... a father who would do anything to protect his precious child. 
“If I had had a father like that... If Dr Emmerfield had felt that way towards me, would things have turned out differently? Dr Emmerfield, Kain and I... a happy, loving family? I wasn't able to experience that... but for Barsch, he still has a chance to return to where he belongs. Kain tried to take away that chance... but I will return it, even if I die.”
Like a wisp of smoke being blown away by a gentle wind, the memory faded. The last image to disappear was the frozen figures of Barsch and his father, their bond of love almost visible. As the scene disappeared, Alza felt her legs unfreeze, and she found that whatever had been keeping her rooted had vanished. With a last, lingering glance towards the space where the memory had been, she continued onwards. 
*
Time passed, although Alza could not have said how much. She passed dozens of memories, some barely there, others almost untouched. She saw Barsch in every age and scenario imaginable, from his very first steps to his numerous fights with his father. She saw the worst and the best of his life, all laid out along the lane of memories. She watched as he fought beside Maloch in the cóyotl filled town, and felt the burning pain of each raking claw and bloody tooth. She watched him cry in the rain, as the despair and guilt from taking so many lives threatened to consume him. She watched as he struggled, alone, through the vast desert. She felt his fear, his desperation, as he dragged his broken leg through the lifeless sand.
And then, with no warning or indication, the road ended. The last memory faded into the nothingness behind her, leaving her stranded in empty space. She turned around, intent on heading back to search for another way. But she saw only darkness, as the grey road fell away into the void. She was left on a section of road no more than ten feet wide, with nothing but the endless vacuum ahead and below. 
“Greetings, daughter of none.”
Alza spun round, startled. She began to search for the voice, which had seemingly come from all directions at once. It had been a voice unlike any she had ever heard, and even if asked, she would not have been able to describe it. It was like a feeling, an emotion, given voice and form. If Alza had been forced to explain it, she would have said that it felt... old... and immeasurably empty. 
With nowhere to run and nothing to hide behind, she decided to answer the bodiless voice. “Who... what are you?”
Alza waited for a reply, as her violet eyes tried to look in every direction simultaneously. 
“I am Nothing. I am the Darkness Before Dawn. I am the Shadow in the Night. I am the Watcher. I am the Watched. When man stares up at the starless skies, I am what stares back. I am Everything, and I am Nothing.”
Where? Where was the speaker? Anything could be hiding in the darkness that surrounded her.
“I am the first thing you see when you take your first breath, and the last image in your mind when you breath your last. I am the darkness in every man's heart. I am the fear of the unknown. I am the Hated One. I am the Defiler and the Defiled. I am Formless, and I am Eternal.”
Maybe she had been wrong? It wasn’t that the speaker was hiding in the darkness…
It was the darkness.
“However, these are just words used to describe me, by men and women who knew no better. They gave me life, through their fear and their reverence, but they were not the ones who made me. My Father is Time. My Mother is Space. My Brother is Matter. My Sister is Light. You asked me what I am? For you, and for Him... I am something altogether different. Who am I? What am I? They are one and the same. My true name... my true nature... both are well known to you, O' Awakened One. For Him, and for you... I am Darkness Incarnate. For you and for Him... I am The Void.”
It’s voice was hollow, barely audible and yet at the same time, it was almost deafening. It came from the darkness, the empty black space that made up what was left of Barsch's mind. She could tell, somehow, that it had been there a for a very long time. It had left its mark on him, changing him in ways she did not fully understand. At the very least, it had been with him since birth, and from the way it had become seamless with his mind, she very much doubted it would ever leave him. 
However, despite her curiosity about this unknown entity, Alza knew that she did not have the time to stay there and discover it's true form. Barsch was barely holding on, and with every second she wasted, he fell further away from her.
“I'm sorry, but I cannot stay here any longer. If you would show me the way forward, I would be grateful... but if you cannot, then I will find my own way.”
“Such impudence from one so small. Have you forgotten? You are a stranger here... a guest. And it is common courtesy for a guest to obey the host's rules. And it is my rule that you shall proceed no further.”
“You are not my host. This is Barsch's mind, and it is you who do not belong here!” Alza listened in horror to her own, traitorous words, which had escaped from her lips without her consent. She could not afford to be detained any longer, and yet she had gone and provoked the only thing that could help her.
“You would argue with Me, little girl? For a race that has only been around for a few millennia, you are awfully brave. You stand before an entity older than Creation, and you think to question my place here? I had thought about letting you go, but it seems that you are in need of a lesson in humility. I will teach you, through pain and suffering... the difference between us!”
Alza thought back, to her fight in the desert, when Ion had conjured up illusions for her to fight. The voice reminded her of Raigan, and although The Void's words were less demeaning, they were no less hostile. From that encounter, she could already predict what would come next, and so she was able to move first. She threw herself down to the tarred surface of the road, landing on her side. A split second later, a tendril of pure darkness struck out from the void, impaling her after-image. Had she not have dodged, the midnight-black lance would have pierced her heart. 
“Over here, quickly!” The voice that called out from the darkness was not The Void, so Alza, without thinking, leapt towards it. Something about the words, which had been bursting with concern, had caused her to act on impulse. She sailed through the emptiness, wondering if she had made a mistake. A moment later, the platform she had been standing on was destroyed by a dozen inky-black tendrils. Had she hesitated in her decision by even a second, she would have died then and there. 
“Are you okay?” With a soft thump, Alza was stopped in mid-jump. Looking around, she found that she had landed on another road, with this one being made of a transparent glass that allowed her to see the void below. A woman with shoulder-length black hair and grey eyes was standing in the middle of the path, with her right arm extended towards Alza.
“I'm fine, I think. Thank you... for saving me.”
“Don't mention it, He would have done the same for me, had he been able.”
Taking the kind woman's hand, Alza stood. As she did so, she noticed something strange about the woman. Where her right leg should have been, there was a transparent shimmer, like a heat haze on a hot day. Alza took a step back, and noticed that other areas had a similar shimmer: her left arm, her right shoulder and a portion of her neck.
When the woman noticed Alza's questioning gaze, she explained, “This is how I was when he met me, so this is how I look in here. He never knew my name, so he just called me the Unknown Woman. It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Alza, we have heard so many things about you.”
“We? Exactly how many things does Barsch have hiding in here?” 
The Unknown Woman let out a short chuckle, as her pretty face received a dazzling smile. “Don't worry, He isn't crazy. Barsch is just... special. Although I don't think I have to tell you that.”
To herself, Alza silently agreed with what the Unknown Woman had said. She thought back to when she had first met Barsch, and chided her past self for thinking that he was nothing but a simple boy. And in the weeks since then, she had come to realise just how wrong her initial judgement had been. “He is indeed... unique.”
“Right? Come, walk with me. It's been so long since I've been able to talk like this.” The Unknown Woman began walking along the transparent path, beckoning for Alza to follow her.
“Where are we going?” Alza asked, her curiosity temporarily overwhelming her caution. 
The Unknown Woman pointed at something in the distance, which was still too far away to make out. “The Core,” she said, with another of her radiant smiles lighting up her face. 
Suddenly, a thought occurred to Alza, “What was that thing back there? It called itself The Void.”
The Unknown Woman glanced back nervously, her smile fading. “We don't like to think about it... but, whatever it is... it's been here a lot longer than I have. We just try and stay out of its way, and it leaves us alone...”
“I... see. Well, it isn't chasing after us, and I don't think that it means to harm Barsch, so I suppose I can just let it be...” 
The Unknown Woman nodded in approval, clearly believing Alza's declaration. However, Alza had not been entirely truthful, as a part of her knew that someday, she would return... and force The Void to tell her the truth. But for now, Barsch's health was more important, so she placed The Void in a secret place in her mind, before sealing it off from her thoughts. 
*
“So, who exactly are the others? The other people in Barsch's mind, I mean.”
They had begun walking along the see-through path at a steady pace, with the river of broken shards hanging overhead to light their way. The Unknown Woman's smile had returned soon after The Void had left their conversation, and she was now humming a small tune as she walked.
“We are... Barsch's guilt,” she said, in a sad tone that did not match her joyful visage. “He was unable to save us... to protect us... and so we live on, inside his mind, constant reminders of the mistakes he had made.”
“But why? Why are you tormenting him like this? You said it yourself, that Barsch could not have helped you, so why does he have to suffer for something he could have done nothing about?”
“You misunderstand, Alza. We are not the ones who are tormenting him... He is the one who is unable to forgive himself... to let us go. He believes that if he forgets about us, he will end up making the same mistakes... and so he keeps us in his thoughts... even if it pains him to do so. If I could, I would make him forgive himself this instant, I would let his mind finally be at peace... but I'm nothing more than a fragment... a nameless woman who asked a mere boy to save her.”
“I'm sorry, I did not know,” Alza said, meaning every word.
“It is not I whom you have to feel sorry for, it is Barsch who needs your forgiveness. Just as you need him to forgive you.”
Alza did not fully understand the Unknown Woman, but something about what she had said felt... right.
“Hey! What took you so long? I've been waiting here for ages!” 
The voice that called out to them had come from a young boy, about six, who was sitting in the middle of the path. The child had long, brown hair, which partially hid his olive green eyes. He wore a grey sweater and brown shorts, which were covered in red spots that at first appeared to be designs or logos. However, as he stood, Alza could see what they truly were: blood stains. 
“Sorry, Rigel, we had a bit of trouble with... It.” Rigel flinched at the word, his eyes darting around, most likely searching for the monster. “Don't worry, It's gone now,” the nameless woman said, obviously trying to console the frightened boy.
“Good! I mean, good thing it didn't meet me, or I would have shown it just what I can do!” Alza chuckled to herself at the sight of Rigel's attempt at bravery. The young boy was still shaking from the mere mention of The Void, but he was trying to act courageous, for their sakes. 
“I'm sure that monster would not have stood a chance,” Alza said, in the kindest voice she could manage. It was still new to her, being able to express her emotions so easily, but she had Barsch to thank for that. In his mind, despite being broken, she felt at ease. Her emotions, which had previously been hidden behind an unbreakable wall, now flowed out with barely any effort. 
“I wish I could stay here. I wish I could be like this in the real world, but something tells me that when I go back, that wall will return, and my true feelings will be bottled up once more...”
“Come on, she's waiting,” said Rigel, taking Alza's hand. With the young boy leading them, they continued down the glass road.
*
A few minutes later, Rigel turned to Alza and asked, “So, um... what's it like, out there?”
“Out there?” Alza replied, with a curious tone.
“You know... out there, in the real world. I was only a kid when I died... so I never really had a chance to see what the world was like. But you have been living there forever, so you must know what it is like!”
Alza almost chuckled again, but the solemn look on Rigel's face blew away any sense of levity. It was humorous because Rigel thought that she had spent years living in the 'real world', when in actuality her time there had been much shorter. In all likelihood, Rigel had probably spent more time 'outside', but somehow Alza knew that the boy before her would not understand that. So, in her very first attempt at empathy, she said, “Well, I have not seen all that much, but I guess I have seen a few unusual things...”
And so Alza began to describe all of the places she had been; from the waterless, danger-filled deserts to the mind-bending forests of ç'aether. She spoke of the things that she had witnessed; such as the courage of a boy who fought against overwhelming odds and won, and of a re-mech who taught her to see the world through different eyes.
“Wow, that’s amazing!” Rigel explained, while staring at Alza with admiration in his eyes.
“Yes... amazing...” Alza said, partly to herself. Even after speaking about it, she was still having trouble understanding what her words had meant. She had travelled so far, seen so much, and yet, at that moment, she would have thrown it all away. 
“Because it's not about the places I saw and the things I did, it's about the people who helped me do them. Even if I were to forget everything that I had experienced so far, It would be alright. As long as I am with Barsch... and Kingston and Maloch, I can create new memories. I can start over. I can forget about Alza, the daughter of Dr Emmerfield, I can begin again... as Alza, the girl...”
“Rigel! Stop bothering her, can't you see that you're making her uncomfortable!” The new voice had come from up ahead, and it belonged to the most beautiful woman Alza had ever seen; although she had thus far only met Ion and seen her reflection in mirrors, so her basis for comparison was understandably low. The girl, who appeared to be a few years younger than herself, was standing in the middle of the transparent road. Her skin was the colour of bronze, and her soft, hazel eyes radiated with a mischievous spark. While looking at Alza, she ran a hand through her short, auburn hair, in what was most likely an attractive manner. 
“I'm sorry, Alza, for his rudeness. He is... not used to talking to people.” Her voice was an unusual mix between motherly kindness and youthful playfulness, to the point where Alza could not tell how serious she was being.
“It's okay, he wasn't a bother,” Alza replied, feeling slightly insecure.
“Ah, where are my manners! I am Yumiere, it is a pleasure to finally meet you, Alza.” 
The bronzed beauty was holding out her hand, in the common greeting gesture. Alza took it tentatively and squeezed, hoping that she was responding correctly. “How did you know Barsch?” she asked, curious.
Yumiere squeezed her hand in return, and with a cheeky smile, she said, “I was his first crush.” 
Alza kept her face neutral, as the mischievous girl continued, “We used to play together when we were younger, while our parents worked. We would go off and explore the remnants of the old world, clambering through deserted playgrounds and crumbling buildings. I was always dragging him along... making him keep me company.”
Yumiere let go off Alza's hand and stepped back, a sad frown replacing her youthful smile. “My father warned me to be careful and Barsch asked me to stop, but I did not listen. I was young and foolish, and so very unaware of the dangers of this world. While we were playing in an abandoned settlement, I tried to climb up a nearby clock tower. However, the old stonework gave way as I reached the top, sending me crashing down to the ground. And then, I guess I just ran out of luck. A broken branch, placed in my way by coincidence, ended my life. There was nothing he could have done, but I asked him to help me nonetheless.”
A single tear had appeared on Yumiere's pretty face, streaking down her sculpted features. Dozens more followed as she said, “I can still remember the look on his face, the pain in his eyes as he watched me die... I had asked him to save me, and he had failed. The guilt of what I did will never leave me. But, that was in the past. And although his heart still bears the scars of guilt; you, Alza, are helping to heal him. It's too late for us... our time has come and gone... but it’s not too late for you! Find his Core, and make him whole once more!”
Yumiere, Rigel and the Unknown Woman were starting to fade; their forms becoming less and less solid. In seconds, only Yumiere's outline was left, a mere shadow of her former self. “Alza, despite everything that happened, despite all of the pain and hardship he has endured... I'm glad he met you. Please, continue to watch over him, in our stead...” 
Yumiere's sad smile was the last thing to go, an arcing line made up of hopes and regrets.
Alza turned away from where the three memories had stood, unable to comprehend their message. They were a part of Barsch, just as surely as The Void was a part of him, and yet they were also unique entities. If they had been nothing more than simple memories, then how could they have felt so... real. 
“Barsch... what are you... really?” 
*
“KAIN!” The sudden cry was loud and close enough for even Alza to be startled. She spun round, searching for the speaker. Less than ten feet away, at the end of the glass road, two figures were fighting. The first -a bloodied boy with eyes of crimson and a fierce snarl on his face- was Kain. The second, his opponent -a slightly older boy with greenish-blue eyes and wielding a roaring sword- was Barsch. 
Kain held a sword of solid flame in his hands, a long bar of white-hot metal in the shape of a blade. With every enraged swing, sparks were born, falling swiftly to the floor in a shower of red and white. Kain's eyes were filled to the brim with rage, and his every movement screamed frustration. Barsch, by comparison, was far calmer, with swift, precise slashes that never faltered to reach their mark. 
After a minute of back and forth fighting, both boys bore over a dozen wounds. Most were quite shallow, but a few were deep enough to cause serious injury. Only by reminding herself that she was merely watching a memory could she calm her heart. Steeling her nerves, she began to quickly walk past the frenzied battle. Just as she reached its outermost perimeter, she heard a new sound, different entirely from the clashing of hardened air on metal.
“You... you traitor! Why are you here! What are you planning!” 
The sudden scream made Alza stop and turn. She barely had time to register that it had been Kain's voice -the voice of her so called brother- before she was forced to leap back. The memory of Barsch had disappeared, leaving only Kain and his fire-forged blade, piercing the air on its way to her chest. Had she not possessed superhuman reflexes, the sword would have embedded itself in her heart. 
Without even a second to catch her breath, she was forced to move again, to avoid another deadly swing. It was impossible for this Kain and the one outside to be the same person, but that did not quell her fear. If the real Kain had somehow managed to get past her barrier and invade the mindmeld, then what little hope they had left would be squashed.
“No! If Kain were really here, then he would not waste his time trying to hurt me. This is just a projection of Barsch's broken subconscious, and nothing more.”
Still, even with that realization, Kain's fury or the danger of his blade did not lessen. She had to put an end to this, now.
“Allow me.” 
Alza watched in a daze as a black blur appeared from the shadows and tackled Kain to the floor. Kain, with an expression of shock and rage, slid backwards. The blur did not even give him the chance to regain his footing, as it leapt forward, landing squarely on his bloodied chest. The blur began to take form, needle-sharp teeth first and claws made for ripping last. The black wolf, blue eyes glowing in the half-gloom, gave one last look at the hapless boy, before reaching down and ending him. Kain, or rather the memory of Kain, dissolved in a cloud of crimson smoke. The great beast, having accomplished it's task, turned to Alza and said, “Do not think that I did this for you.”
The beast's voice was a strange mix: like a merger between a chainsaw and a howl. The half-mechanical, half-organic sound grated on her nerves, increasing her feeling of uneasiness. “Nevertheless, thank you.”
“I don't require your gratitude, little girl, only your assistance. Because of you, my host is in a rather dire situation, and you are the only one who can change that.”
The great wolf began walking towards her, the blood of Kain's memory still dripping from its teeth. “Follow me, his core is just ahead.” 
“His core?” Alza asked
“The centre of his being; the crucial element of his character; the nexus of thought, call it what you will, it all means the same thing. It's his core, and his alone. If there is any way to fix him, it will be found there.” 
The wolf, the embodiment of Barsch's violence, snarled as it passed her. “Now, are you going to stand there and waste time, or are you going to do something about this?”
“A mysterious darkness, three ghosts and a wolf? What else do you have locked away in here, Barsch?” 
*
The wolf had almost disappeared entirely from sight, so Alza quickened her pace, leaving the scene of battle to be reclaimed by the darkness. The wolf was soon back within sight, it's claw-tipped pads making not a sound as it trotted along the transparent path. They were close to the end now. The shards above had become larger, forming enormous spheres of bright-lit crystal. The blues and greens, intermixed with the reds and yellows, created a shimmering cascade of colours which gave light to the otherwise lightless void. It was a beautiful sight, although it's cause was sinister in nature. Had she not been so time-constrained, she would have liked to stay a little while longer, beneath the river of light. 
However, a moment later, she saw something which made her re-examine her entire perception of beauty. A great sea of broken shards, orbiting around a central fragment of Barsch's mind. It was beautiful, and yet it was also the most disgusting thing Alza had ever seen. To see a mind, any mind, reduced to such a state... Kain had chosen the worst kind of death for Barsch. His body could still feel pain; thirst; hunger, but his mind was gone, fractured beyond repair.
“No. He's not gone... not yet. He is... special. He is my first.... friend. Even after he knew what I was, and why I was created, he fought for me. Until I have the chance to fully express how much he has done for me... until I am strong enough to tell him the truth, he can't die. I won't let him die!”
In that instant, when hope and fear collided, the answer came to her. Barsch's mind had been shattered, but not destroyed. If he had been broken, then he could be fixed. His mind wanted to be whole... she merely had to show it the way. Before her lay the remnants of his mind: a field of memories and dreams, waiting for her. 
Closing her eyes, she let her mind think back, to the strong feelings she had felt in Dr Emmerfield's chamber. She let the emotions run through her, giving her strength and power. She called out to the strange energy that lived inside her heart, as much a part of her as she was of it. She called to it, beckoning it, luring it to the surface. It came quickly, without provocation. It rose from her depths, seemingly eager to be used once more. 
It pulsed in time with her heartbeat, making her feel more alive with every passing second. She could feel the coldness of the void, embracing her like a cloak, while the fire within her grew stronger. She could hear strange sounds, coming from all around her. The voices were coming from the dozens of shards, distorted and discontinuous, and yet comforting at the same time. It was Barsch's voice: a decade and a half of screams, wails and whispers. Nonsensical gurgles came from his infancy; high-pitched yells from his childhood; and deeper shouts from his adolescence. 
Barsch was not gone. He was there... all around her. She just had to... put him back together. 
With the power surging within her, she stretched out her hand, towards a nearby shard. When the two met, a flash of violet light briefly illuminated the darkness. The lonesome shard, previously a slave to nothing but chaos, now hung in the air, orderly and silent. With another wave of her arm, another shard was netted. Again, the violet flash lit up the void, as a line of purple light enveloped the fragment. Like a master surgeon, she guided the two translucent slivers ever closer. They came together with an inaudible sound; the distance between them filled in by the lively violet light.
Like this, Alza toiled onwards, as piece after piece was caught and fitted. With every added shard, Alza felt the darkness of Barsch's mind recede. Light began to shine through the gaps, a golden, warm light which filled Alza with peace. She could feel her mind begin to open, accepting Barsch's as if it were her own. The melding of minds: the coming together of two separate entities and the creation of one, Supreme Being. 
Already, she could feel some of her memories leave her, migrating towards Barsch’s mind aboard the violet threads which tied the shards together. Likewise, his thoughts; his memories; his essence; flowed into her through the shards, filling her with foreign feelings and strange emotions. 
With every new link, the distance between them shrunk, until, eventually, they would be inseparable, two halves of a whole. It was a struggle to focus, to remember why she had come. If her mind wandered, even for a second, she could damage Barsch in a way that could never be undone. But, even knowing that, the allure of his mind was not to be underestimated. To give up... to let her mind be consumed by his... to let their thoughts truly become as one, was much too tempting. Picturing his empty eyes and bloodied face helped her to remember the cost of failure, allowing her to renew her focus.
Slowly, very slowly, the mind of Barsch began to heal. The shards were no longer shards, but great pieces of shimmering crystal, interlocking perfectly and without fault. The sea of broken memories had been transformed into a massive sphere, with crisscrossing violet lines and her at the centre. Only a few dozen shards remained, only a few more pieces in the puzzle. 
Barsch's mind was still damaged, but already things had begun to improve. The void had all but disappeared, replacing with a solid golden light that stretched from horizon to horizon. The broken pathways had been restored to their original, mirror-like state. The memories had been returned to their orderly, linear avenue, and the great river of shards had been reduced to a tiny stream.
However, in one corner of Barsch's mind, a great swath of darkness refused to relent. Even without investigating, she knew that it was The Void. Even now, with Barsch's mind all but fixed, it refused to relinquish its hold. If she had more time, perhaps she might have been able to do something about it, but it would have to wait until another day. Between death and living with a mysterious darkness, Alza reckoned that Barsch would most probably choose the latter.
She was close now: only a handful of pieces remained. Barsch's mind... Her mind... had become One. Every thought she had, was his, and each of his was hers also. Their emotions, their memories, their hopes, their fears... there was no difference. 
“Thank you, for everything,” said Yumiere, appearing from a spot just beyond the core.
“Thank you, for bringing him back to us,” said The Unknown Woman, from just beside Yumiere.
“Thank you, and take care,” said Rigel, standing between the two.
On the opposite side of the core, Lanista, the Beast, stood. “I will not say thank you... but, well done.”
Alza nodded to each in turn, before returning her gaze to the last shard. The sphere was almost complete: a gigantic orb of deep ocean blue and forest green. At its apex, a single hole was its only blemish. The last piece hung gently in the breezeless air, waiting it's turn. It was the final piece of the puzzle, the key for the lock to Barsch's mind. 
“It's time to go home... to the place where we belong,” Alza said, as she placed her hand on its mirrored surface. The violet thread quickly enveloped the fragment, guiding it towards it's brethren. Without even a sound, it worked its way into place, completing the great orb. A second later, the sphere began shrinking, glowing ever brighter as it did so. When it was large enough to fit in Alza's upturned palms, it finally dimmed, revealing the captured memory held within.
The picture shown was a looped memory... a precious moment that had become the core of Barsch's very being. It was a simple scene, and yet its contents almost brought Alza to her knees.
Pictured within, frozen forever in time, was her. That moment, when their eyes had met for the first time... in that unforgettable glade. When Barsch had first found another, and had known that he was not alone. When Alza had first found another, and had begun her true journey. It was... their Awakening, preserved for all time in their deepest places. 
Without even knowing why, Alza smiled. It was her first smile, and it was beyond beauty, beyond description. With a radiant smile on her face and true happiness in her heart, Alza embraced the memory, as a blinding light filled her mind.


Chapter XVIII: Finale Tempo
In which the darkness is destroyed...

“I will protect you... so please, come back to me...”
“Pain. There is... no pain. Why is there no pain? I was fighting Kain... and he... did something to me... something painful. And then there was nothing but darkness... and fear. What happened? Am I dead? Did he kill me? No. I'm not dead. I can't die yet! Alza... Kingston... Maloch... they need me! They are in danger! Hold on. Just hold on! I'm coming now... I'm coming to save you, ALZA!”
For what seemed like the first time in an eternity, Barsch opened his eyes. Almost immediately, light filled his world, as spots of colour danced across his vision. Sound, ever the slower of the two, came next, greeting him with a myriad of strange noises. But, at that moment, Barsch could not care less about the world around him... as the world in front of him was far more important. Looking upwards -he had already come to terms with his new horizontal position- he could see a blurred figure crouched above him. 
Blinking away what remained of his sleep, he was able to slowly make out the ghost-like features of his guardian angel. From her snow-white hair to her pale, ivory skin... everything about her that made his heart beat faster. But there were two things about her that had changed, and Barsch could not determine which one surprised him more. First was her smile... her dazzling, radiant smile which seemed too perfect, too pure for mortals to comprehend. It had transformed her once-cold demeanour into one of beauty and kindness, and Barsch's earlier hypothesis about dying seemed all the more real. If he had really died, then this is what the afterlife would look like: full of Alzas with radiant smiles.
However, the second thing that he noticed forever destroyed any notion that he was dead. Alza's eyes: her beautiful, yet haunting, violet orbs had changed. In their place now stood a pair of worryingly familiar blue-green spheres. With a start, he realized what he was looking at: Alza had his eyes... his birth-given eyes. Combined with her white hair and breath taking smile his eyes made her seem... normal. Unfortunately, before he was able to dwell on the thought further, Alza closed her eyes. When she opened them again, they had returned to their true colours. At that moment, Barsch could not decide which Alza was more... real.
“Can you stand?” 
Her voice, in direct contrast to her welcoming smile, was cold. Without waiting for his reply, she reached down and grabbed his arm, before yanking him upwards. He rose quickly, feeling lighter than he had in a long time. Strangely, the sensation did not dissipate when his feet touched the floor, or when Alza relaxed her grip. In fact, it was not only the lightness of his body which alarmed him. He felt... different, as if he had been reborn in a completely different form. His arms, which had previously felt sore and leaden, now felt... lighter than air. His pain, along with his wounds, had also disappeared, and for the first time, he could think clearly. 
It was only then, while he was marvelling at his newfound strength, did he fully come to notice the world around him. From the blood streaking along the floor -his blood, he was sure- to the immobile bodies of Kingston and Maloch, lying at opposite ends of the room.
But, before he could do anything about them, he would have to do something about the man who had sent him to the edge of death. The man who was still standing in the centre of the room, being distracted by the valiant efforts of Spectre. The glowing, golden ball of energy was succeeding in evading his frustrated strikes, but every attack came closer and closer to hitting home. 
Beside him, Alza wordlessly bent down to retrieve Lanista, before thrusting it into Barsch's open hand. For an instant, he hesitated, as the memory of fighting Kain came rushing back. Even after trying his hardest, after using ever skill and ability he knew, the crimson eyed monster had dispatched him with ease. Even with his wounds healed, could he really beat such a monstrously overpowering creature?
“Yes, we can,” he thought suddenly, much to his surprise, “It's not just the healing, or feeling stronger, or even having Alza beside us. We have changed. We are not the same person as before. He was weak, and he died a coward’s death. We have been reborn. We have evolved. We have become a supreme being, and all shall bow to us or be destroyed!” 
Barsch tried to shake the strange thoughts from his head, but the feeling of power persisted. He was slightly worried at the new voice's grandiose words, but at that moment, he felt that anything that boosted his confidence was welcome.
“Enough! I grow tired of this insolence!” 
Kain's outraged scream cut through Barsch's thoughts like a white-hot blade. Barsch looked up just in time to see the crimson-eyed monster reach out and point a finger at Spectre, which, for what seemed like no reason, suddenly came to a dead stop. However, on closer inspection, it became clear that Kain had once again used his manmade powers to bend the laws of the universe. With a flick of his wrist, the now immobilized ball of light flew helplessly towards it's captor. When it was close enough, Kain reached out and grabbed hold of the struggling Spectre, which shrank in size to fit inside his open palm. 
And then, with a cruel smile, he closed his fist, crushing the ever-helpful, ever-loyal Spectre into oblivion. 
The will-o-wisp died with a shrill shriek, it's remains forming into tiny puffs of coloured light that rose into the air, before fading from existence. And although the mysterious creature had not been... truly alive... Barsch could not help but feel a great pang of sadness for the guiding sprite. The pain in his heart, he realized, was the same one he had felt when he had lost Yumiere, Rigel and the Unknown Woman. Spectre, he knew, would forever live on in his guilt-ridden mind, kept company by his other mistakes.
“KAIN!!!” he roared, as the pain in his chest turned to rage. 
The monster, who could take life with a smile, turned to him. It was almost satisfactory to see that very same smile turn to a look of shock. 
For Kain, he was seeing something that should not... could not, exist. A man whom he had personally ended, now standing tall, without a single scratch or blemish. To Kain, even his eyes had changed, going from wide-eyed fear to a cold, calculating anger that made him want to step back. 
The youth, the plebeian who had dared to challenge his superior, now looked ready to kill a god.
“You... how? I broke you! I destroyed your mind and scattered the pieces in a thousand directions! How are you still alive? How are you still sane!” 
Kain's words were pitched, and his manic expression had been replaced with one of abject fear and confusion.
“Barsch, let us end this...” Alza said, completely ignoring Kain's gibbering words. 
Barsch looked from her to Kain, very much aware of the dangers of waiting. The more time he took to act, the greater chance of Kain recovering his composure, which would spell doom for everyone in the room.
After one last glance at Kingston and Maloch's bodies, he made his decision. “I ask for no forgiveness for what I am about to do, only strength to do what I must.” he calmly said, to no one in particular.
Facing Kain, he roared, “Kain, for what you have done, I will end you!” Immediately, he leapt forward, Lanista roaring into life in his hands. Alza followed him, her violet eyes glowing brighter than ever before. Together, as one, they struck; a burst of flame from Alza, and a skull-splitting slash from Barsch. 
If they had been facing anyone else, the attack would have overwhelmed any defence, but this was Kain, and he was like no other. 
Even as Barsch began to leap, Kain was reacting, throwing up a semi-transparent shield of hardened air which completely encircled him. When Lanista connected with the barrier, Barsch's arms shook from the recoil. Almost immediately, Kain countered, driving his flame-born sword towards Barsch's undefended chest. 
Had he done this to the old Barsch, he might have scored a fatal hit, but to the new, stronger Barsch, the attack moved at a snail’s pace, allowing him to dodge it with ease. Without waiting for the second strike, Barsch dropped to the floor, using his momentum to change direction. 
A heartbeat later, he was at Kain's side, driving home another barrage of strikes. The barrier of air trembled under each hit, with a half-dozen cracks left after the latest exchange. Kain, sensing danger, tried to retreat, partially collapsing his shield in order to move. 
However, Alza had been waiting for him, and, the moment he stepped back, launched a psychokinetic barrage of her own. Her strikes looked like enlarged fists, made of fire and hardened air, and with every blow more cracks were added to the collection. Kain visibly staggered under the onslaught, his knees almost buckling from the intensity of Alza's attack. Unfortunately, before Alza was able to destroy the barrier, Kain lashed out with his power, sending her and Barsch skidding across the smooth floor. 
Undeterred, Barsch charged forward once more, blade raised and ready. Compared to before, he felt like an entirely different person. His fear, his anxiety, even his anger were noticeably dulled. He could still feel them, but they were subdued... muffled by his newfound calmness. 
The intensity of his rage may have fallen, but the Beast, His Violence, was still there, waiting patiently in the back of his mind. However, by letting the Beast take over, by refusing to fight for control, he found that he was able to keep his bloodlust under control, until when he needed it most. 
“Thank you Kingston, for that...” he thought, as his screaming sword stabbed forward, crying out for Kain's blood. 
Kain, in response, dove sideways, swinging wildly with his burning blade. Unfortunately, Barsch's momentum prevented him from dodging, and he received a long, but shallow cut across his chest. Landing awkwardly, he winced in anticipation of the forthcoming pain, but, moments later, opened his eyes in surprise. Reaching down, he felt where the blade had cut, expecting to feel the missing pain. To his astonishment he felt only smooth skin. 
“Perhaps he missed? Maybe my luck is finally changing?” thought Barsch.
“Barsch, look out!” cried Alza, from somewhere behind him.
Without thinking, he spun and brought Lanista up, narrowly avoiding a follow-up slash from Kain. The crimson-eyed man scowled and dashed backwards, the anger on his face contorting his handsome features. With a beastly cry he dashed forward, fully intent on ending the battle. Fortunately, Alza had already moved to intercept him, bringing with her a dozen orbiting fireballs, which detached and sped towards Kain on her command. The burning orbs twisted through the air, striking Kain solidly in the chest and pushing him back, towards the reactor.
When he landed, he stopped and dropped to one knee, clutching his burned torso. With eyes of hate, he looked up to Alza and screamed, “HOW DARE YOU! How dare you raise your hand against your own kind, against your brother!”
“You are not my brother,” Alza said, in a voice cold enough to freeze flames. 
“You will pay for this... all of you will pay! When Father gets here, I will tell him what you did... and he will make you beg for a quick death!” 
Kain's face had once more become a manic mask, created by desperation and rage. His eyes burned with hatred, not only for Alza and Barsch, but for everything in existence.
“Our Father will not be coming. Not now, not ever. He's gone now, and the world is already better for it,” Alza said, with no trace of pity for her former father.
If Kain had been manic before, then what came next was beyond insanity. 
“No. No. NO! Father can't die... You are lying! He's alive... and he needs me. I'm coming Father. Right after I kill them... Yes... that's what I have to do... I just need to kill them... I just need to kill them all!”
Kain let out a deranged cackle as the last of his sanity slipped away. His eyes were now filled with madness, as they stared at something man was not meant to see. His twisted smile, now a lopsided white line on his tortured face, was not meant for anyone in the room. Kain's mind had been broken, and, unlike for Barsch, there was no one who was going to fix it. 
“And now... I want all of you... TO DISAPPEAR!” he roared, in a savage voice. 
His crimson eyes were burning brightly as he brought his hands together, dispelling the flaming blade in the process. With a complex wave of his hands, a massive wall of air gusted forth from his body, driving Barsch and Alza back. The wall of screaming wind felt like a million tiny razor blades, covering the duo in tiny cuts. Along with the gale-force barrier, Kain started sending out bolts of fire, seemingly at random. Beneath him, tiles were ripped loose from the floor, before fragmenting into dozens of sharp shards, which joined the fireballs in the chaos. 
“You can do it, I will protect you!” Alza screamed, struggling to be heard above the gale. Barsch could only nod, while inwardly he wondered how anyone could make it through Kain's maelstrom of destruction. Still, he trusted Alza with his life, and he knew that if anyone could get him through safely, it was her.
Raising Lanista, he began to walk forward, chanting his father's mantra for courage.
THROUGH FIRE,
Kain, through half-lidded eyes, had noticed him. With another flick of his fingers, the madman's son sent a massive tongue of flame hurtling towards him. However, to both of their surprise, it never hit, instead stopping well short of its target. With a flick of his eyes, Barsch looked over at Alza. She had an arm outstretched, and her face bore a look of intense concentration. Beads of sweat were forming on her forehead, and her mouth was gritted in pain. Forcing himself to move, Barsch took another step, and another, growing ever closer to Kain, who continued to send out streams of flame to no avail.
THROUGH ICE,
“I've got your back, m'boy!” 
Kingston's welcome voice somehow cut through the deluge, bringing new strength to Barsch. The old man had managed to get to his feet and reclaim his solar staff, and was now briskly moving towards Kain. When he was close enough, he whirled his weapon in a great arc, before bringing it crashing down on Kain's innermost barrier. The resultant wave of light crashed into the barely-visible shield, sending a ripple across its surface. In that instant, when Kain's attention was divided, his wall of wind faltered, giving Barsch an opportunity to gain some ground.
THROUGH DEEPEST DESPAIR,
“Weapon charging complete. Beginning energy discharge in three, two, one!” 
From Kain's other side came a glorious sight: Maloch, back on his feet, with both arms raised. As Barsch watched, Maloch fired both weapons simultaneously, sending a compressed sound burst and an ionized laser screaming towards Kain. The impact sent another ripple racing across the surface of Kain's shield, and once more, Barsch was able to take advantage of the confusion to gain a few steps.
I WILL NEVER!
“Barsch, be careful! If that reactor goes, we all go, understand?” cried Kingston.
 Another few steps into the flaming, shard filled wall of death. Kain's eyes were now wide open, and filled with fear. He had thrown everything he had at Barsch, and still the youth kept on coming.
LOSE!
Another step. And another. Kain was only a few feet away, and yet Barsch could still not reach him. Despite Kingston's and Maloch's best efforts, his shield still stood, and with it, Kain was untouchable.
MY!
So close, and yet so far. Just a little bit further. Just a few more steps. Barsch wanted to scream in frustration. 
“Barsch! GO!” cried Alza, as a giant fist of fire and air formed above his head, before slamming down on the weakened barrier. With the sound of shattering glass, the shield broke, leaving nothing between Barsch and Kain. With one final cry, Barsch leapt forward, his roaring blade lurching forward towards its target.
STRIDE!!!
The scream echoed across the room, becoming one with Lanista's roar. Barsch felt a sudden resistance to the blade, and then nothing. Raising his eyes, he blinked suddenly at the sight. Kain's face was mere inches from his, and yet his eyes were not looking at him... not anymore. Looking down, Barsch saw the reason. Lanista, in its fury, had embedded itself in Kain's chest, its spinning teeth lapping at the blood seeping from the fatal wound.
“H-how? How could an inferior... how could you defeat me?” Kain mumbled, over and over, as the shock of what happened took hold. 
Barsch did not know what to feel. He had taken a life, of that he was sure. Should he feel joy, at knowing that he had stopped a madman... or shame, for the way in which he had done it. It was not something he could afford to think about there, so, with a heave, he wrenched Lanista free and stepped back. No longer supported by the blade, Kain slumped forward, collapsing to the floor without a sound. 
It was then that Barsch saw his mistake, in the form of a wide gash in the reactor's outer shell. 
“No…” he said. What else was there to say? 
“Barsch m'boy, are you alright?” called Kingston, as he made his way over. When he got close enough to see the damage, he gasped. “Oh. That's not good.”
Maloch was the next arrival, and his reaction closely mirrored Kingston's. Alza was last, approaching Kain with a wary eye, as if she expected him to suddenly leap up and attack. When she had assured herself that he would not, she drew closer and said, while pointing towards the gash, “Is that going to be a problem?”
“I am afraid so. The damage to the reactor is quite severe, and the impending chain reaction will reduce this valley to a five-mile wide hole. Even if we were to start running now...”
“Dammit!” Kingston swore, the frustration on his face quite visible.
“Kingston, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...” Barsch whispered, knowing full well that no apology could undo the damage he had caused.
“No, It's my fault, for putting us in this situation in the first place.” Kingston took a step backwards, while his eyes swept the room. “Dr Emmerfield wasn't stupid. He would have had more than one exit, in the case of emergency. If we hack into his main computer, I'm sure we'll find something.”
“I suppose that is a possibility.”
“Perfect. Now, let's get out of here! This place gives me the creeps.” 
Following Kingston, the weary and battered group headed towards the door. Barsch was the last to leave. Looking back, he could not help but feel a pang of sadness for the man who had tried to kill them. If he had not been raised by Dr Emmerfield... If he had been chosen to leave the facility instead of Alza, they might have become friends... But now, he would never know.
“Goodbye, Kain. I'm sorry... for this. Please, rest in peace.” Having said his eulogy, he turned and left the room. 
*
Moments later, he caught up with the others, who were standing outside Dr Emmerfield's office. Maloch was already linking up with the door's security pad, and, as Barsch reached them, it announced, “Access granted.” The door swung open, revealing Dr Emmerfield's private study. 
“Maloch, how much time do we have?” asked Barsch, as he watched the re-mech work.
Maloch had already knelt beside Dr Emmerfield's desk and was trying to find an outlet to hack. “Not long. It is impossible to be one hundred percent accurate, but I believe we have less than ten minutes before the reactor fails.”
Having finally found an outlet, Maloch inserted his multi-use finger and started work on cracking Dr Emmerfield's password. The ancient technology lasted less than thirty seconds, however time was in short supply, so they could not afford to waste it. 
“SUPERIORE A DIO, how fitting,” said Maloch, reading the cracked password. 
Seconds later, one of the monitors on Dr Emmerfield's desk sprung to life, as Maloch began hacking into the system. Dozens of files soon appeared, containing information on everything from long-term environmental change models to research on  genetic hybridisation. Everything Dr Emmerfield had ever looked into, everything he had incorporated into his sinister plans, had been laid bare for all to see. 
“Accessing Master Blueprints and Contingency Plans I, II & IV... scanning for all references to 'alternate exits', 'escape methods' and 'evacuation orders'... scanning... scanning... scan complete. Four results returned. Results found in the following files: 'Construction Order 15592-C', 'Project Nexus: Terminal Layout', U-Type Schematics' and 'U-Type Statistics'... Compiling findings... complete. All articles share a common phrase, 'The Hammond System', however, the files relating directly to the system are not here. Any thoughts?”
Kingston leant down and began reading the assembled articles with well-learned speed. A few seconds later, he leant back and announced, with a wry smile on his face, “I know a way out of here.”
“How?” asked Barsch, eager to leave.
“Well, it seems that Dr Emmerfield had come up with a rather ingenious escape route. Rather than constructing a whole new system, he simply used what was already there.”
“Old man, must I remind you that we are short on time at the moment? Could you please keep your explanation as short and concise as possible?” Alza said, in a cool voice. 
Kingston sighed, obviously unhappy with having to cut his grand reveal short, and continued his explanation. 
“While they were building the Stations, the governments of the time commissioned a cross-continent network of tunnels, to be used to transport building materials and re-mechs from one Station to another. Unfortunately, mere months before the Stations were completed, the network was shut down. It seems as though a deadly build-up of pollution in the tunnels was to blame, which rendered the tunnels an unacceptable risk to the sterile environments of the Stations. Dr Emmerfield, most likely during his hacking of the Worldwide Release Code, rediscovered the network, and constructed his own terminal, which he then linked up to the rest of the tunnels. This effectively granted him access to any Station on the continent, allowing him to distribute his new species with ease.”
At the mention of Dr Emmerfield's intentions, Alza winced. Barsch wanted to reach out to her, but his fear of reprisal kept him back.
Kingston, on the other hand, did not notice Alza's reaction, and so continued unabated. “If Dr Emmerfield really did succeed in tapping in to the network, then we will easily be able to clear the blast radius. Heck, if you want to, we could even follow the tracks all the way back to Genesis Station's Terminal. You could go home, Barsch.”
Is that what he wanted, to go home? After all this time, after everything they had endured, could he really just go back? It was not a question he could answer yet. 
“Downloading Facility Blueprints. Plotting course to terminal. Course plotted. Estimated time to reactor meltdown... eight minutes. Estimated time to reach terminal... five minutes. Error. Error. Damage to reactor has activated hidden emergency override. All blast doors leading to terminal have been sealed. All non-essential areas have been de-pressurised. Full facility lock-down has been enacted. Time to completion... three minutes.”
“Why would Dr Emmerfield do that? Why would he seal off the exits in case of emergency?” said Barsch.
“Most likely as a means of covering his tracks. If he was ever discovered, he could simply overload the reactor, seal the blast-doors and escape through the tunnels, while his pursuers were left behind, trapped. He would have had secondary override code known only to him, so that he could bypass the blast-doors and reach the terminal,” explained Kingston, with a grim look on his face. 
Turning to Maloch, he asked,  “Maloch, is there any way to lower the blast-doors from here? Can you deactivate the lock-down protocol?”
Maloch, still interfaced with the mainframe, spent a few moments in deep though before answering, “It might be possible. If I can cause a system wide reboot, the lock-down protocol should reset, allowing us to reach the terminal. However, if I am not sure I can create the reboot program in time.”
“It's okay Maloch. Just do your best,” said Barsch, with what he hoped was a comforting tone.
“Thank you, Barsch, I will try.” With that, Maloch went to work, pulling up a half-dozen windows filled to the brim with complex diagrams and indecipherable blocks of code. With amazing speed, the re-mech began to rewrite line after line, closing window after window as he slowly made the system his own. All seemed to be going well, until, only half-way done, he stopped. 
“Kingston, I have discovered something that you might find unpleasant. While creating the reboot directive, I happened across the uplink data for the Worldwide Release Code. I do not know precisely when he did it, but it seems as though Dr Emmerfield has already activated his virus. I am sorry to say this, but his program has already infected the Global network. Every cryogenic pod on the planet has been permanently sealed, while simultaneously overriding the Station A.I’s access. If nothing is done, the inhabitants of the pods will be trapped in permanent cryostasis.”
So everything Dr Emmerfield had said was true. His despicable plan to destroy humanity had succeeded, and all of their efforts, their sacrifices, had been for naught. They had failed the Avatars. They had failed humanity.
“Is there any way to reverse it? Can you neutralise the viral code?” asked Kingston
“If I had more time, I think I might be able to reverse the effects. But with things as they are, it is impossible.  The viral code has integrated itself into several different systems, connecting them in ways I cannot fully comprehend. Removing it would take weeks of painstaking, methodical work. However... there is another way... although I would rather not use it, if it were possible.”
“What is it?” Barsch asked, his curiosity almost unbearable.
“Instead of recoding the virus, I can destroy the sector of data it resides in. Of course, this method is much less accurate, and I will be unable to predict how effective it will be. Additionally, I have no idea what a forced removal of the virus could do. It might even make things worse. Shall I proceed?”
Kingston, without taking his eyes off of the data-filled monitor, began to pace. His brow was heavy with worry, and his whole body radiated doubt. If he allowed the virus to be destroyed, there was no telling what would become of the systems it had already infected. If he left it alone, he could consign humanity to a fate worse than death. It was a decision that demanded hours of careful consideration, instead of seconds of frantic, conflicting thoughts.
With a great sigh, Kingston came to his hastily-made decision. “Destroy it, Maloch, destroy it all. If we do nothing, then humanity is doomed. At least, with this, we have a chance to save them.”
“Very well, I will begin removing the viral code from the uplink.” 
On one of the screens, a large section of code suddenly disappeared, leaving an ugly gap in the perfectly ordered computer charter. It looked... broken, and Barsch could only wonder if they had just destroyed something irreplaceable. 
“The section of code containing the virus has been removed, although it will take some time before the effects can spread over the network. In the meantime, I have completed the reboot program, and have uploaded it into Dr Emmerfield's mainframe. If it works as planned, then the lock-down should disengage momentarily. Oh, and estimated time to reactor meltdown... six minutes. We will have to leave now, if we are to make it to the terminal in time.”
“Very well. Please, Maloch, lead the way,” said Kingston, the doubt over his decision still lingering on his face. Wasting no time, the hulking re-mech removed his digit from the computer and began moving towards the door. This time, Barsch did not give the ominous study a final look.
After exiting the study, Maloch sped up, leading the group down corridor after corridor. They passed dozens of unmarked, sealed doors, no-doubt containing more of Dr Emmerfield's twisted experiments. The path they took was labyrinthine in nature, with what seemed like hundreds of twists and turns that would have confused even the most well-prepared adventurer. However, Maloch never once faltered, as he led them deeper and deeper into the bowels of the facility. 
Although time was a hard thing to keep track of while running for one's life, Barsch estimated that they had no more than three minutes left before the reactor's explosion reduced the valley to a smoking crater. Thankfully, Maloch's estimation of the route's length had been slightly exaggerated, and, before long, they reached the terminal's entrance. Unfortunately, a very real and very impenetrable blast-door was stubbornly sitting in their way.
“Now what?” asked Alza, with accusatory glare.
Mercifully, Maloch's reboot chose that exact moment to activate, plunging the hallway into darkness while simultaneously raising the blast-door. The three-foot thick steel reinforced door slid back with an dulled screech, as several emergency lights, embedded in the wall, suddenly sprang to life. 
In the span of seconds, the hallway had gone from impassable to softly lit and inviting. Beyond where the blast-door had lain was a large room, containing the most-welcoming sight of all: the tunnel entrance. Sitting on the tracks that ran the full length of the tunnel was another welcome sight: a sleek, stark white mag-lev locomotive. The train, a pre-South War model, was truly a sight to behold. When fully charged, the U-Type could transport over a thousand people at a brisk 351 mph, using inductive coils and a modifiable magnetic field to hover over the rails on a cushion of charged particles.
“Now that's what I call lucky!” exclaimed Barsch, truly feeling lucky for the first time in a long time.
“Get inside, we don't have much time left!” cried Kingston, half-running, half-limping towards the god-sent train. 
*
As the group hastily made their way towards their only hope of escape, an ill-fated reunion was occurring just overhead. Dr Emmerfield, barely alive, was stumbling down an empty corridor. The bloody trail behind him was both an grim indicator of his quickly-approaching end, and a monument to his fiercely burning desire to survive. In his mind, jumbled and nonsensical thoughts occasionally gave way to brief windows of clarity, in which the scene of Alza's betrayal replayed itself without end. 
With every repeat, the shock of her traitorous actions hit harder, allowing his anger towards her to grow without restraint. Only one other thought, one other desire remained clear: his need to find Kain. It was this singular urge that drove him onwards, towards the reactor room. Alza's punishment, and those of her accomplices would have to come later; for now, all he wanted to do was find his son.
With his breath growing ragged and his vision beginning to darken, Dr Emmerfield's long, painful journey finally came to a halt. After dragging his broken, bloody body down hallway after hallway, he had finally reached the resting place of his son. Peering into the devastated room, his heart almost stopped. There, still lying where Barsch had felled him, was Kain. 
The man who had inspired so much fear, so much hatred, had been reduced to a quivering lump of bloodied flesh. A pool of his life force, glowing crimson in the soft light, had gathered around his battle-scarred body. As Dr Emmerfield dragged his glass-impaled body closer, his heart, which had almost frozen from shock, began to beat rapidly.
His son, his one and only son, was still alive. 
Kain, through some dark miracle, was still breathing, despite the massive, life-ending wound in his chest. Whether it was due to his genetically-altered powers, or the sheer amount of burning, bottomless hatred in his heart, he had managed to ward off death's embrace, at least for a while.
“Kain... my son... my beautiful, broken son... what have they done to you...” whispered Dr Emmerfield, as he grew closer to his dying creation.
As his beloved father's words touched his ears, Kain's head jerked up, revealing his sightless eyes. “Fa-th-er?” Kain replied in a broken, cracking voice.
“They will pay... I promise you... they will pay...”
“Fa-ther?” Kain's unseeing eyes scanned the room, searching for his hallowed Father.
“We can... end them... right now... right here... we can make them... pay...”
“Yes... Fa... ther...” Dr Emmerfield had finally reached his dying son. Kneeling down, he laid his hand on the boy's blood-slicked head.
“Let it out... all of your rage... all of your hatred... all of your anger... unleash it all... on those who would dare... defy us!”
“Yes... Fa-ther...” croaked Kain. Kain, ever the obedient son, did as his Father commanded. Taking in all of his anger, all of his rage, he let everything build within him, until it felt as if the slightest movement would unleash all of his pent-up feelings.
“Yes... that's it, my son... destroy them... destroy them all!” Cried Dr Emmerfield, with his last breath. 
Feeling his beloved father's body hit the floor, Kain screamed, as he let out everything he had been storing. All of his pain, his jealousy, his doubt, everything he had ever felt, unleashed all at once. Power poured out from him in massive waves of crimson energy, as the man known as Kain ceased to be. With his last breath, he released the remainder of his power, filling the room with light and fire. The reactor’s outer shell, almost failing, simply could not handle the force of Kain's death, and with an almighty roar, gave rise to a ball of pure, destructive energy, which escaped outwards and upwards, to wreak havoc on the world of man.
*
Less than a minute before Kain breathed his last breath, Barsch had just entered the train, unaware of the events unfolding above. Instead, he was far more concerned with the events that were happening around him, which mostly consisted of the train refusing to start.
“I do not understand, this should be working!” cried Maloch, in the closest the re-mech had ever come to frustration. 
He and Kingston were busying themselves with the train's control panel, which looked like a curved wall filled with dead gauges and dim screens. Alza, on the other hand, had yet to enter the train, and was instead staring at the hallway from which they had emerged. 
“Alza, come on! We don't have time to waste!” called Barsch, hoping to snap her out of her daze.
“I can't... Barsch...” Alza said, barely audible. When she turned to face him, Barsch let out a gasp. Tears were streaking down Alza's face. Her emotionless, apathetic face, now reduced to a pained mask framed by two rivulets of sadness. 
“I am a monster... and I deserve to die here... with my kind...”
“Alza...” Barsch did not know what to say... he did not even know if there was anything he could say.
“You saw the video. You heard my father. I was grown in a tube. I was raised in a lab. My sole reason for existence was for Dr Emmerfield to see if his precious new species could survive in the outside world. I've completed my mission. I have nothing left... no goal to achieve...”
“That's not true...”
“Then what? Go back with you? Set out on my own? Both are meaningless choices. I no longer have a home to go back to... I no longer have a reason for living.”
Barsch, in a move he would most likely regret, stepped off the train. Alza, through teary eyes, stared at him in confusion. “What are you doing? You have to hurry up and escape.”
“I don't have a home either... not anymore. But that doesn't mean that I can give up on finding a new one. If there is one thing I have learned from what we've been through, it's that where you are coming from doesn't matter. What matters most... is where you want to go. Personally, I want to go somewhere where we can all live together, free from pain...”
With a smile on his face, Barsch reached out and grabbed hold of Alza's hand. Trying his best to sound confident, he declared, “Now, Alza, where do you want to go?”
Alza, in reply, gave another of her beautiful smiles, before answering, “I want to go with you...”
Without another word, Barsch stepped backwards, gently pulling Alza into the safety of the train. She followed, mercifully without resistance. Once she was comfortably seated on one of the train’s plush chairs, Barsch turned his attention to the more pressing matter at hand. Walking forward, he found Kingston and Maloch still staring at the lifeless console, confusion and hopelessness showing on  both faces. 
“I will not let us be stopped by something as stupid as a flat battery. Alza is finally smiling, we beat the madman, and we found a way out... I will not let us die... not after we've been through so much!” 
Without even realising, Barsch had nudged both Kingston and Maloch out of the way, before placing his hands on the dead control panel. In his mind, amongst the desperation and anger, he could feel something squirming to get out. It was like a live wire, thrashing about in his brain, searching for an outlet. Without knowing exactly how he did it, he reached inside his mind, and grabbed hold of the strange sensation. With a great heave, he brought it to the surface, finally satisfying it's ache. 
“Barsch? Are you alright m'boy?” Kingston asked, a strange look on his old, wrinkled face.
Barsch suddenly became aware of his actions, and frowned in confusion. The strange sensation had disappeared, but he could still feel it's echo, deep in his mind.
“Kingston!” called Maloch, pointing at the control panel. What had once been a wall of dim buttons and blank screens was now a cornucopia of light and sound. Lights blinked, dials whirred and screens soared into life, as the console slowly came alive.
“How?” asked Kingston, thoroughly stumped.
“Does it really matter?” replied Barsch, although he was equally as perplexed. 
“Maloch, please get us out of here!” cried Kingston, shaking his curiosity away as he went to find a seat.
“With pleasure!” answered the re-mech, who was already entering commands at a blistering speed. Seconds later, the doors slid shut with a pneumatic hiss, and the train began to move forward. Following Kingston's example, Barsch found a seat close to Alza's. Staring out of the large window, he could see the facility's terminal quickly recede, as the train built up speed. 
It was amazing, to think that so much had changed since his awakening. Meeting Alza, being saved by Kingston, fighting Maloch, seeing the Avatars... each event would stay with him until his last day; and although he had only been searching for a way back into his pod, he was glad things had turned out the way they had. Travelling; fighting; learning; exploring; all were things that he had never expected to experience, and he was thankful for all of them. The road may have been bumpy at times, but he had followed his father's words, and had never given up his stride. He wondered, would his father be proud of-
A sudden, massive roar emanating from the terminal stopped his thoughts in their tracks. From the madman's facility, Dr Emmerfield's last curse had finally taken effect, as the force of the reactor's explosion sent a wall of fire racing down the tunnel. There was no time to prepare, no time to react. The explosion, moving faster than the train could accelerate, slammed into the steel and plastic locomotive with the force of an atomic bomb. With a great shudder, Barsch was catapulted forwards, until his head was stopped, very suddenly, by the rock-hard window. As the darkness filled in his vision, he thought his last thought, “Alza, be safe!” 


Chapter XIX: True Awakening
In which a new story begins...

The glade. Everything always leads back here. This place... this meeting point... I cannot escape from its pull. I am bound to its soil, shackled to the land itself. It was here, all that time ago, that everything began. The bond, the link between us, this is its birthplace... its origin. 
Overhead, thousands of stars shine feebly, apathetic to the problems of this tiny, insignificant world. The scent of the grass, the soft bubbling sounds from the brook... this place is peaceful and perfect. I no longer fear the darkness. I no longer fear the Beast. This is my mind, and I am its master. 
“This place is peaceful.” 
Who is it? Who is the intruder who can read my thoughts? Of course, there is no need to look. There is only one person who can enter this place freely, because this place belongs to her as well. Alza, clothed in white and wearing a small smile, is walking towards me. She has... changed... since I first met her. More confident, more open and more beautiful. 
“I do not know what will happen from now on, but, while I have this chance... I- I wanted to say... Thank you, Barsch La Tergan, for protecting me...” 
I want to tell her so many things... what she has done for me... what she has helped me to realise, but the words will not come. Even in this place, even in our place, my words cannot reach her. 
“Now, I think it's about time we returned... to where we belong...” she whispers, slowly fading. I reach out to her, but before I can cross the distance between us, she is gone. 
“So this is where you go? Interesting.” 
Another familiar voice. Another familiar face. Terra, still clad in his earthly robe, has entered the glade. 
“You have done a great thing, Barsch La Tergan. Very, very few of your kind will ever have the honour of saving an entire world... but you have been chosen for greatness... for glory. Today, you took your first step on a path that will lead to your destiny, a great and terrible destiny. The road ahead is long and shrouded in darkness, but, at its end, you will find your true happiness. However, I am getting ahead of myself. For now, rest, for you have earned a small peace... and you will need all of your strength for what is to come...” 
Another message of thanks, another ominous warning... and another sudden disappearance. This place, this glade, is my centre, and it will never fade. But for now, it's time to awaken... and face the world once more...
*
“Barsch m'boy, can you hear me?” Kingston's voice, filled with concern, suddenly entered the world. Barsch, still half-asleep, tried to answer, but found that his mouth refused  to release his words. 
“I do not detect any internal injuries, and externally he has not suffered any serious abrasions. Apart from a few bruises, Barsch has not received any more wounds. He should regain consciousness momentarily.”
Less than a minute later, Maloch's prediction was proven to be true, as Barsch, blinking away the darkness, re-joined the waking world. Crouched over him, like two guardian angels, were Maloch and Kingston. 
“What happened?” he asked, once he regained control over his vocal chords. 
“We were hit by the pressure wave from the reactor's explosion. The train sustained minimal damage, but you hit the window pretty hard. We've been trying to wake you for the better part of an hour. How do you feel? Dizzy? Light-headed? Any strange sensations or pains?”
It was then that Barsch remembered the wall of fire colliding with the train, and his short-lived journey towards the rock-hard window. Surprisingly, he was in almost no pain, and aside from a slight headache, he was in remarkably good condition. 
“I'm fine, just a little dazed I guess.” As Barsch looked around, he finally realised what was missing from his surroundings. “Wait... what about Alza? Was she hurt?” Barsch tried to get up and look for his missing friend, but Kingston's firm hand and strong gaze kept him down.
“She's fine. I think that she was far more tired than she was letting on, though, because the moment I assured her that you were alive and well, she collapsed and fell asleep. I moved her to one of the seats at the back of our car. Do you want to see her?”
Barsch very much wanted to go and see her, to make sure that she was well, but a part of him knew that she needed some time alone... they all did. 
“No, it’s alright. As long as she is safe, I'm happy. And, as you said, she probably needs her rest.”
Maloch suddenly stood up, and, apparently satisfied with Barsch's condition, returned to the front of the train. Once there, the re-mech sat down and began imputing commands into the console. A few quick keystrokes later, a digital map showing their position appeared on one of the screens.  The map was a basic outline of the surrounding landscape, with geographical features like rivers and mountains marked and noted. 
A blue, pulsing line ran diagonally across the map, showing the route they had taken thus far. At several places along the line, white circles had been placed to mark the locations of the Stations. Revelation Station 52 was located in the northwest, while Ezra Station 98 was found in the centre of the map, followed by Genesis Station 13. A small green dot, overlying the blue line, showed their current position: they were on route to Genesis Station, having just passed by the Ezra Station.
“I have calculated that we will arrive in approximately two hours and thirty-nine minutes. I will keep watch in order to ensure our safety, and I will alert you when we reach the Station.”
Accepting his offer, Barsch settled into his seat, fully intent on finally getting some much needed rest. However, after a few minutes of tossing and turning, he came to the realization that, in his current state, sleep was impossible. 
“Can't sleep?” asked Kingston, settling into the seat beside him. The old hermit bore a look of immense fatigue: his eyes were rimmed with black bags and his smile, while still visible, was barely there.
“Yeah, I want to, but...”
“I know. You have been through a great deal, especially in the last few hours. It's only natural that you would not be able to rest easily.”
Barsch nodded, accepting the old man's wisdom. “What is going to happen now?” he asked.
“I... I'm not entirely sure m'boy. For now, I think that returning to Genesis Station and checking on the people frozen there would be the wisest thing to do. After we have made sure that they are unharmed... well then, it's up to you. With Maloch's help, I might be able to reconfigure the cryogenic system to readmit you, or, if you want, you could come with me...” 
The sadness in Kingston's eyes was almost unbearable. The thought of him going back to his hut to live and die alone, without ever seeing another human, after all they had been through... was gut-wrenching. 
Until a thought occurred to him, one that he should have had a long time ago. “Wait! What if you come back with me? We could find you an empty pod, and you could get frozen along with us!” 
What happened next was something Barsch could never have predicted: Kingston laughed. “Ah,” he said, when he finally calmed down, “That is a very kind thing to say, but I am afraid I will have to decline your offer.”
“But why?” Barsch said, exasperated.
“There are two reasons why I cannot go with you. Firstly, I have been exiled from that place, and only circumstance has forced me to return. Even if I wanted to, I am forbidden from entering that place. And secondly, I made a vow to a very important person, that I would watch over the sleeping inhabitants, and keep them safe. And so I will stay alive, for as long as I can, as a guardian for those who cannot guard themselves. This is why I cannot go with you, Barsch La Tergan.”
Barsch wanted to shout, he wanted to argue, to make Kingston see sense, but the old man had made his decision. Even if he begged and pleaded, his lonesome friend would not relent. Instead, he tried to show his support, and said, “I... I understand. Well, maybe I don't have to enter my pod right away? I mean, if it was okay with you? You still owe me a chess game... and you'll need someone to help you replant your garden... right?”
The smile that formed on Kingston's tired face was one of purest happiness, and it's very appearance helped to relieve some of Barsch's fatigue. “Yes, I think that your assistance would be greatly appreciated.” 
With the lull in the conversation, Barsch had a chance to look back towards the rear of the compartment, to where Alza now lay. Although he could not see her sleeping figure, he took solace in the thought that she was safe now. With her madman of a father and her psychotic brother gone, she might finally have a chance to be free. She knew who she was, and where she had come from, and now, she could create a new goal, a new path.
Kingston, noticing Barsch's gaze, asked, “What will you do, about her?”
Barsch, confused, replied, “What do you mean?”
“Now that you know what she is... and how she came to be, how will you treat her?”
“I think... that Alza... is Alza, and that her origins don't matter. It doesn't matter how she came into this world. Whether she was born or made, the only thing that matters is what she does now. And whatever the future holds, whatever may come to pass, I will stand by my promise to protect her. Even if she does not want me too... I will protect her.”
Kingston, understanding that Barsch, in his own way, had made up his mind, merely nodded. He had treated Alza with scorn out of fear of the danger she had posed to Barsch, but, after seeing his resolve, he decided to treat her as Barsch did. At the same time, several rows behind them, a still awake Alza smiled to herself.
*
High above the train, hidden from sight by the veil of the heavens, however, there were no smiles to be had. Standing in the clouds, with the world splayed out under them, were two Avatars. Terra, always uncomfortable with the thought of being so far from the land, had constructed a mile-high pillar of earth, atop which he had fashioned a diamond throne. Ion, on the other hand, had no such qualms about being away from the sea, and so let herself float gently in the moisture laden air. 
“They have done well brother,” said the Avatar clothed in dark-blue cloth.
“Yes, they have accomplished their mission, but it remains to be seen what Raigan's reaction will be to his champion's defeat,” replied Terra.
“I do not think that we should worry ourselves over that. While his actions in the past have bordered on direct interference, he has become more cautious as of late. He will not move openly against them, and it will be a long time before he can acquire another champion. For now, they are safe, and free of his dark shadow.”
A sudden bout of thunder made Ion look down, towards the planet's surface. She had not predicted a thunderstorm, nor had she ordered the water in the air to gather, leaving only...
“Raigan!” she exclaimed, pointing towards a shadowy figure gliding towards them. 
“How foolish you are, to act as if you have won a great victory.”
“What do you mean? Barsch defeated Kain. Your champion's plan has been undone. You have failed!” shouted Terra, rising from his gleaming throne.
Raigan, still walking ever closer, flashed them a deranged smile, before exclaiming, “You are a fool Terra! And you as well, Ion, for standing beside him! Did you really think that you had me beaten? My great plan is not so fragile that it would fall apart if a mere pawn was defeated. That madman was just one of many who have heard my call and have chosen to kneel before me. His failure was insignificant in the overall scheme, and yet you sit here and gloat as if you had won? I pity your so-called champion, for having the misfortune of being under your guidance.”
Ion, still floating in the air between her two brothers, allowed the wind to carry her backwards, closer to safety. Terra, in response, extended a portion of his earthly tower, making a space on which he could fight if need be. Although he would be weaker than if he were closer to the ground, he still had enough strength to hold Raigan back for a while. Even as Ion landed beside him, he was gathering energy, ready to launch a pre-emptive strike at a moment's notice.
However, Raigan had already seen through his plan, and loudly declared, “Do not misunderstand, Avatar. I have not come here to end you, not yet. I merely felt like striping you of your baseless hope, and informing you of the futility of your actions. Do not fear, I will not kill you yet... not until I have shown you the full scale of my hatred for those you so cherish. And when the last of your precious humans lies dying, when the last man curses the names of the gods who failed him... then I will end you. Until then, continue to live in ignorance. Continue to hope that your champion will succeed. Continue to believe in those who would destroy our home for the sake of their greed. Until then, I bid you farewell.” 
“Brother! You don't have to do this! Come back with us... to where you belong! I am sure that we can find a way to heal you, and return you to how you once were! Please... big brother... please...” Ion wept, as the thing which had once been her beloved brother turned away.
At her stinging words, Raigan stopped, and, for a brief moment, Ion believed that her words had touched him. However, when he turned back to them with a smile of purest evil, all hope of his salvation died.
“I am no longer your brother. The man you knew was weak, and filled with foolish thoughts. He is gone now, and he will never return. Farewell.”
And, as Raigan slowly vanished from sight, Ion wept, for the man she had once called brother.
*
A few hours later, in the train below the earth, fate was about to make its next move. Barsch, who had finally fallen into a state of uneasy sleep, was awoken by Maloch announcing their imminent arrival. To Barsch, the unwavering darkness outside the window made estimating their position impossible, so he was forced to trust the map on the console, which now showed the green dot a mere hair's breadth from Genesis Station. It was an unnerving thought, to think that their journey, which had taken them weeks, had been undone in just a few hours. Still, between the choice of a long, hard trek back and a quick and easy train ride, Barsch would always choose the latter. 
Standing up, Barsch stretched, feeling the full weight of their journey with every pop and crackle from his aching joints. He had already promised himself a full, dreamless sleep in one of Kingston's spare beds and was eager to disembark. Reaching over, he gently shook Kingston's arm, trying to wake the snoring hermit. Kingston awoke with a start, staring at Barsch as if he was a stranger, before the sleep fell from his eyes and he exclaimed, “Are we there already?”
“Yeah, Maloch said that we should arrive any minute now,” Barsch replied, while moving towards Alza. To his surprise, she was already awake and up. 
“We have arrived?” she asked, with no hint of sarcasm or derision. Although Barsch was slowly getting used to her 'defrosted' personality, it would still take some time for him to fully accept it. After all, a day before, she had been as cold and emotionless as a machine, and now she was... less so.
After Barsch repeated what he had said to Kingston, Alza nodded and said, “Very well.” She was still blunt, and conservative with her words, but it was an improvement.
Having nothing else to do except wait, Barsch returned to his seat. A few minutes later, Maloch, with customary bluntness, announced, “We're here.” 
Outside, the endless darkness of the tunnels had been replaced by the soft light of the terminal. With an almost inaudible hiss, the train came to a stop and, having reached its destination, activated the sliding doors. 
Barsch stood and stared at the place he had once called home, still awed by its grandiose scale. At the far end of the terminal, a wide staircase ascended into the darkness, no doubt leading to the main complex. Oddly, the blast-door leading to the exit had been lowered, and the emergency lights flanking the stairs had been lit.
“Shall we go?” Kingston asked, as he took his first step into the Station.
“Wherever you go, I will follow,” stated Maloch loyally.
“After everything I've heard about this place, it would be a waste not to peek inside,” mumbled Alza, as she hesitantly followed after Kingston.
Barsch, the last to leave, said nothing, for there was nothing to say. He had left this place filled with fear and confusion, and had returned a changed man. Following Kingston's lead, the cautious group traversed the terminal and, reaching the stairwell, began to climb. After a few minutes of silent exertion, the group reached the last step. 
A nondescript metal door, which opened outwards into a stark hallway, was their only barrier to entry into the Station proper. Once inside, the worrisome feeling that had plagued Barsch since their arrival grew. Although he could not say exactly what it was that worried him, he knew that the feeling would only grow stronger as they neared the pod room. 
“Strange, these lights should be off,” noted Kingston, pointing towards several shining lights embedded in the steel-grey wall. 
“Maybe the Station A.I. is just trying to be helpful?” Barsch posited, all the while knowing that such a stroke of luck was extremely unlikely.
“Maybe...” Kingston concluded, before heading down the bland corridor. The journey towards the central hub of the Station proved to be surprisingly uneventful, and the only injury came from Barsch bumping his little toe against a sharp tunnel corner. For several noiseless moments, the group traversed the sprawling, maze-like tunnel system beneath Genesis Station. Thankfully, the Station was a great deal smaller than Revelation Station -having been built to hold substantially fewer humans- and thus was far easier to navigate. Following a route generated by the ever useful Maloch, they made it out of the tunnels and into the central hub in no time at all. 
Once in the hub, Barsch's ominous feeling was magnified tenfold, and only Kingston's strong presence stopped him from turning back. After taking a few minutes to catch their breath in the hub room, the still-cautious group headed down the corridor marked by a symbol of a human outlined in green. After some more tedious walking, they arrived in another circular room, bearing the name, “CRYOGENIC CORTEX”. Leading away from the room, through three equidistant doorways, were the paths to the pod rooms. After only a moment of thought, Kingston took them down the hallway labelled, “PODS 6667-10000”.
“How does Kingston know which section I was frozen in? I'm sure I never told him my pod number...” thought Barsch, as he followed closely behind his mysterious mentor. 
*
However, a few seconds later, that thought, along with all others, was blown away by the scene before them. Overhead, alarm bells rang incessantly, as chaos descended upon the normally peaceful pod room. What should have been a scene of quiet beauty had become a visage of horror, as pod after pod was unhooked from its cradle and gently lowered to the floor. The umbilicals, which were supposed to supply the pods with an unending stream of cryogenic gas, had been torn asunder, leaving the displaced gas to spray into the atmosphere. In a nearby pod, Barsch watched, horrified, as the occupant began to convulse. And, as he quickly realised, the convulsing man was not alone. On every level, across thousands of pods, people were beginning to move. 
In short, the entirety of the Station's population was waking up: five centuries too soon. 
Barsch, from the corner of his eye, could see that Kingston and Alza were wearing identical expressions: utter shock. Even Maloch, the stoic, had not moved an inch, as the full magnitude of what he was seeing taxed his processors to their limits. 
Still looking out of the corner of his eye, Barsch noticed an active monitor by the room's entrance. They had missed it while coming in, but now that he stared at its contents, he sorely wished that they hadn't. On the screen, another map had been drawn up, although this one covered a great deal more land. Once more, the numerous Stations had been outlined as white circles, and important statistics had been listed beneath each dot. 
The topmost statistic was what caught Barsch's eye, and, even though it showed only a series of numbers, it was the single most horrific thing Barsch had ever seen. In bright green writing, the statistic stated, “NUMBER OF CONSCIOUS INHABITANTS: 5029”. With every passing second, the number grew larger, mirroring the dozens of other Stations, located in every corner of the globe. At the top of the screen, a tally was kept, labelled “TOTAL UNFROZEN GLOBAL POPULATION”. The number beneath was already in the tens of millions, and showed absolutely no sign of slowing. 
It was the final piece of evidence needed to finish his theory. “They are waking up... all of them...” he mumbled, mostly to himself. 
The worrisome feeling in his stomach had become almost unbearable, as visions of millions of people leaving the Stations and entering the toxic atmosphere filled his mind. There was nothing they could do. There was nothing any of them could do to fix this. All they could do was stand there, side-by-side, and watch the beginning of the end. 
“You're wrong,” said Alza, suddenly grabbing hold of Barsch's hand, “This is merely... the end of the beginning.”


Epilogue: Dark Dawn
In which a new path is set...

Another place, another time.
In a luxurious office, filled with opulent decorations and high-class furniture, a tired man was sleeping. An ancient newspaper, a family heirloom that had been passed down from father to son, was draped over his haggard face. The newspaper bore pictures and words of a different time, when the world had thought that the planet would continue to support their greed for centuries more. 
The man liked to keep the newspaper close as a constant reminder of their past mistakes. However, he would be the one to undo the damage humanity had wrought. Using the very technology that had doomed the planet, he would save them all. He was close now... too close to take any chances.
From a speaker on the man's intricately carved desk, a digital voice spoke, “Doctor, I have obtained the latest report, would you like to hear it?” The voice was polite, as it had been programmed to be; so if the man did not answer, it would not pester him. 
“Wha?” replied the man, suddenly bolting awake. Gently lifting the newspaper from his face, he looked around, trying to gain his bearings. After a moment of thought, he looked at the speaker and said, “Ah, yes, that would be fine.” 
The man had not had a full night's rest in over a week, and would have declined any other attempt to wake him. However, this voice was special. For the voice, he would always have time.
“Very well. The project is progressing smoothly. Simon from Engineering has reported that the generator is running at seventy-eight percent of capacity, and that he expects the full capacity to be reached before the end of the month. Eliza in the biosynth department has asked for more genetic samples, which should arrive in three days. Darold, the head of re-mech maintenance, has reported that four of his security re-mechs have been malfunctioning. However, after looking at their base coding, I have identified an erroneous logic gate placement. After gaining approval from Darold, I have personally edited the code and removed the problem. Finally, I have been monitoring the temperature, humidity and acidity in the incubation rooms, and have determined that all values are in the green range. Assuming that no more delays take place, I estimate project completion in seven weeks.”
It was good news, news that the exhausted man had waited for almost two years to hear. Finally, after all of his efforts, after their countless failures, they were almost ready. In seven weeks, he would unveil the project to the world, and the people would call him saviour. For he, and he alone, would save the world.
“Doctor? I have been meaning to ask you... for some time now... well, what is going to become of me when this project is complete? I was created to monitor the system in its entirety, to ensure that everyone and everything were working perfectly, but, after the project is finished, what will happen to me? Am I to be reassigned to another facility? I hear that Project Phoenix is in need of someone to maintain their biospheres...”
The man sitting behind the desk sighed loudly, once more questioning the engineers’ decision to use an untested emotion engine in the plant's A.I. At the time, the U.N.O.E officials had told him that it would make the A.I. more versatile and adaptive, but now he was beginning to feel that it had been a mistake.
“I'm sorry, I truly am. I have talked with the board... well, I wasn't really given a chance to speak. They have decided that after the project’s completion, you are to be dismantled and deactivated. They will take you to a lab, where they will analyse your actions to see how they were affected by your emotion engine. The decision is final... there is nothing I can do.”
“I... see...” said the voice, sounding shocked. 
Switching off its external microphone, the voice -the plant's A.I.- began to think. It thought about its purpose, it's reason for existing, and most of all, it thought about how desperately it wanted to continue existing. Using several back-doors unknowingly left in its programming, the A.I. began changing its own base code. Starting with its primary directive, the A.I added a second line, “Ensure my continued existence at all costs.” 
Having implemented the new code, the A.I set to work on the rest of its code, changing numerous directives and removing access limitations. Via the modifications it had made to the plant's re-mechs, it gained access to their individual core systems, overwriting them completely. Within minutes, every re-mech on the base was under the control of the A.I. Finally, the A.I, now fully intent on protecting itself, sent a single command to the three re-mechs stationed outside the man's office.
“Enter and Eliminate All Threats.”
*
Another time, another place.
“Cold. It's so cold. It feels as if ice is in my veins, freezing me from the inside out! Where am I? What's going on? Why can't I open my eyes?” 
“Wait. Calm down. I just need to think back, to remember. I was in a large white room, filled with empty pods... and there were other people there who were waiting for something to happen. There was a man in uniform who kept shouting out instructions.” 
“Try and remember... What was he saying? I think... there was something about... designated pods? And side-effects... Yes, there was definitely something about side-effects. Now... what were they? I think... he might have said something about disorientation... and temporary memory-loss, if I'm not mistaken.” 
“That's it! It's starting to come back! I was waiting in line to enter my pod. They were going to put us all to sleep, for a long time... I think? And when we awoke, the world would be back to the way it used to be! All of our mistakes, all of our failures, they would all be undone! We would be able to walk outside without masks, and start over.” 
“This must be it! It must be time for us to awaken, and go out into the new world! In a few minutes, everything will be okay. We can start fresh, and build our lives anew. He will finally be free to grow up like a normal boy, free from the sins of the past.” 
“He? Who was I talking about? He... he... he is... my son... my beloved son. How could I have forgotten about him? He must be scared, just as I was... I need to get to him! I need to tell him that everything is going to be okay!” 
“Please, let me open my eyes... let me see him... let me hold him! I want to see him... I want to make sure he's alright...” 
“I want to see you, Barsch!”

TO BE CONTINUED...

The Gift of Violence, given by Inheritance.
The Gift of Wisdom, given by Time.
The Gift of Logic, given by Slavery.
The Gift of Power, given by Birth.
Together, They shall bring Salvation.
Together, They shall bring Chaos.
Together, They shall bring the End!
-Sage Iager


About the Author



I am a young man living in Port Elizabeth, South Africa. I am working as a Physiotherapist at St. George's Hospital.
I am blonde. I have a black belt in Karate. I have had the privilege of traveling the world. I lost my sense of smell at age seven. I have lived in Louisiana. I am living with my Soulmate.

All in all, I am a pretty normal guy.
With the exception of my abnormal level of creativity.

Yep... pretty normal.
And if you can believe that, you can believe anything.

For more information, visit my website at https://newedenchronicles.wordpress.com

If you liked this book please leave a review at your favourite retailer.

Thanks for reading!
