






Azimuth
By
Elayne Griffith























Copyright © 2014 by Elayne Griffith 
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof
may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever
without the express written permission of the publisher
except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
































Arc of visibility 
[¦ärk əv ‚viz·ə′bil·əd·ē]
(navigation)

The arc of a light sector, designated by its limiting bearings as observed from seaward.

















“Men have become the tools of their tools.”

Henry David Thoreau

Prologue

The second Dark Age, or the near total collapse of human civilization began in the early 2100’s. Overpopulation, poverty, famine, and the devastating effects of climate change led to terrible epidemics, terrorism, and wars. It seemed humanity was about to walk down a self-made aisle of a masochistic extinction. Then, in an act of either madness or political power-play, the leaders of the two largest world powers, the Eurasian United Nations and the United American Continents, deployed the most destructive weapons ever created: nanoweapons. In less than a week the world population went from seventeen billion to four billion, all because of a machine the size of a virus. 
It was so profoundly shocking, genocide on such a staggering scale, that every person left alive to witness it had seen someone disintegrate like sand right before their eyes. Why these four billion people were spared, no one discovered. The only enigmatic link the survivors shared was that all were registered with the G.E.M., the Global Empyrean Mind. Afterwards, whispered jokes of the rapture and the damned being left behind circulated, but no one found them truly amusing. One last shock occurred when, presumably consumed by the guilt of what they had done, eleven of the thirteen wealthiest and most powerful leaders committed suicide. 
Though it was birthed from a quagmire of atrocity and death, the new technological Renaissance began. No longer reserved for the immensely wealthy, we began to recreate a society where tiny nanogods very nearly eliminated illness, famine, and hardship for everyone. After millennia, resources were once again prolific, and our ravaged earth began to heal. 
However, there still remained the privileged, myself included, who were blessed with not only several zeros to our virtual wealth but to our virtual age as well. I was nearing ninety-eight with the genetics of a thirty year old when our greatest achievement, the most beautiful bloom of all, was launched into orbit: The Azimuth. 
We had been able to prolong human life, but not to true immortality. Death still lingered in the shallows of shadows and depths of space, so the Azimuth became our haven, our Noah’s Ark. As long as the Azimuth sheltered us, we would endure the cold gaze of space. Our legacy would never be lost. But only one hundred years later, in the year 2280, a group of terrorists destroyed everything that we’d molded from the ashes. Now, in an unraveling world there was only myself between the last of the terrorists who were fighting for our complete extinction, and our last hope, the Azimuth. In a way, I had done my own part in bringing humanity to its knees, and now I was the only one left to catch us if we fell; I and one other, but only if I reached the Azimuth first.












































I watched the glass shatter and burst into a nebula of glittering shards, spilling countless droplets of blue liquid. I didn’t understand then that we were just particles of stars, nothing but shadows in shafts of falling photons.

2281 A.D.
Present

Five thousand bleeding feet and soulless eyes follow me day and night. Specters from afar, shadows on my trail, but never a sound, never any closer, only the distant ebb and flow of shuffling soles. For five months I have traveled this wasted landscape, a Moses to these monsters, but the worst monster is the man reflected back at me through the eyes of all my victims. Since the nanocide, I hunted down every living survivor, and now only two remained, this man before me, and the woman still ahead. 
“Alaric.” The lunatic pleaded with my name and grabbed fistfuls of sand, trying to anchor himself to the world of the living. “If you kill Eden, you kill us all.”
He was gasping for breath, clearly exhausted from his ordeal, luckily for me. My eyes scanned the area, saw the remnants of a battle for life and death, and I almost felt sorry for the man. To survive a nog attack, only to be faced with the justice of a broken man. No. I didn’t feel sorry for him, only anger. After hearing the truth, the reason my precious Cassie had died, I wanted nothing more than to return the favor. Something within me, something that could have been called human, had been forever lost. Alaric was only a word, not a person.
I squinted, reached out my armored hand, and curled my fingers into the shape of a gun. His eyes grew wide as I said, “You killed us all a long time ago.” Then I made a childish motion as if shooting him with my finger. 
He screamed as his fingernails tore at his chest when the nanos shot from the gun-like weapon my metasuit had assembled. Within minutes they ripped his atoms apart, reached his brain, and what was left of him collapsed, a twitching mass of flesh in a cocoon of cloth. I turned away while the misty cloud of bots, their purpose achieved, sank to the ground, harmless. My suit was already creating new ones. 
My last mode of transportation gave a snort as I walked over to him. 
“Shhh,” I said, stroking the stallion’s smooth black skin that rippled like dark oil under my hand. “Only two of us left now. Only two little monkeys jumping on the bed.” I laughed aloud at the one thing in the world that wasn’t funny: the fact that I could count on one hand how many living, breathing humans still walked this planet. I laid my forehead on the horse’s neck. It felt nice to lay my head against his warmth even if it did smell like plastic with a dash of ions. 
A sizzling noise caught my attention, though I knew very well what the sound was. The nanos were disassembling the body molecule by molecule. Soon it would be like the body had never existed at all. Dust to dust. Amber grasses rustled, and I closed my eyes to better feel the breeze and smell the earth. Earth. That’s all we ever were and ever would be. Beneath my feet lay the bones of billions, the decayed bodies of many living things. Like morbid armor, the planet wore a crusted layer of death, a mesh of infinite interlocking links between greaves of grief. 
“A bit harsh, don’t you think?”
She stood above Sasha’s remains, arms crossed with that flirtatious smirk I loved so much.
“Eden.” My eyes always softened when they gazed upon hers, even though I loathed seeing her.
“He was your last friend, you know.”
With a shake of my head, I looked down at the dirt cracked with heat. “No he wasn’t. Not anymore.”
She tossed her long dark hair behind her shoulder. “Why? Since when?”
“You know why.”
With a cocked hip and cute pout, she asked, “Am I your enemy too?”
Giving a short, forced laugh, I glanced away then back at her. She was gone, and my smile faded. “No.” I whispered. “Just wrong.”
At first I’d fought the visions, the hallucinations of a traumatized mind, but now I embraced them. She was my only companion, other than the thousands of walking corpses at my back. 
My only other non-hominid companion, Buckyball, shoved his large head against my chest. 
“All right. All right.” I smiled. “We’ll go find her, and maybe we’ll find some new shoes too.”
Unwelcome, but all too familiar, came the sound of skin scraping across ground. Raising my eyes to the nearest hill, I saw them stop, all five thousand of my ominous followers, and the shuffling tide became ragged waves of breath. Silently I suffocated under the weight of their empty stares, this gaunt garrison, this constant reminder of why the gun should be aimed at my own flesh. My flesh no longer shuddered with revulsion at the horde, only myself. All I could do was look for shoes made for tiny feet, and hope that one day little arms would wrap around me in a loving embrace once again. 
With effort, I tried to ignore the horde, and heaved myself up onto Bucky’s back. His skin-armor shifted and slid to adhere my armored legs to his sides. No amount of sudden maneuvering would dislodge me. We were like one animal. Soon as I was astride and secured, our minds synced up. Now we truly were one organism. Since I was the more intelligent species, and stronger minded, Buckyball trusted me. He’d go anywhere I told him to, even off a cliff if I so wished. Never would I find a more trusting and loyal friend, certainly not in a human anyway. 
He could sense where I wanted to go, the distant abandoned city, so he threw his head high, black spikes protruding then retracting along the crest of his neck, and made for the overgrown buildings at a good clip. I thought of my purpose, my other reason to keep going, Eden. She was the last one, and the most dangerous. Clouds of insects chattered and buzzed, clacking their wings as we disturbed their private lives in the high-rise grasses. Bucky’s drumming on the hard-packed earth was like a lullaby, the swaying of his stride soothing me into a rhythmic existence. Ahead stood the sinew of humankind’s ingenuity, while their ghosts shuffled silently in my shadow. 





















2280 A.D.
Two weeks before the New Year

“He’s not going to win!” shouted my mate, Celine. 
All I could think about was the terrorist attack on this same racetrack a few years earlier, one that ended up crippling our best racehorse. Some people didn’t agree with mind syncing, especially to control animals, but through their botched neuro-hacking attempt, they did more damage than good. Besides this angering memory, even though the idiots had been arrested and assimilated into a Cloud Nine, the feeling of something terrible looming in the near future had been hanging over me for months. With a deep breath, I tried to dislodge the paranoia and focus on the moment.
Titan’s Fury, our prized racehorse, was in third place. The cacophony of a hundred and sixty thousand people in the stands was going to crack my skull if the stress didn’t first. One and a half tons of genetically engineered horse thundered down the last stretch of track, virtual flames flying from his mane and tail. The stadium programmers sure knew how to put on a spectacle. Even if he was about to lose, he certainly was a sight to behold. Eight feet to the shoulder, nearly three thousand pounds, and entirely gold, a titan he was. As a Nano Genetically Modified Organism, or NGMO, he was perfect, as long as he won. 
Then Titan’s jockey made her move. From the jock-tower, where the horses were controlled via remote mindsyncing, the young woman did her magic and Titan surged forward. He was now gaining on the horse in front, a beautiful dark purple and black stallion named Occam’s Purple Razor. Celine screamed and latched onto my arm, shaking me like I was her Pomandaranian’s squeaky-toy. Every day I fantasized of ways to dispose of that yappy little Panda-Pomeranian abomination of womankind.
Lit images of galloping horses, then WIN! WIN!  flashed beneath the pounding hooves on the synthetic racetrack. I zoomed my vision in on the two horses with my enhanced lenses. Statistics and estimated outcomes started to flash across my vision, but my Op-G was being faulty lately and it gave me a headache, so I zoomed back out with a blink. Damn things. God, technology drove me crazy, but as a nanotechnician I guess it came with the job.
My synthetic hot-dog that had never actually been a living, breathing organism slipped out of my shaken hands and fell onto my shoes. Dammit. I stooped down to retrieve it, and then the crowds roared like a hurricane. I’d missed the finish line. Dammit. Celine was screeching like a maniac and jumping around so much that her boot pulverized my glob of meat and bread substance into the ground. We must have won.
When I stood up I saw the glowing golden words and golden CG horse rearing in midair over the stadium—TITAN’S FURY! WINNER! My hand massaged my temple. I shouldn’t have synced up to the stadium’s computer. It allowed everyone to see virtual images like the added flames, or sometimes it was chariots, or an illusion of the ground falling away behind the horses into molten lava—so melodramatic. None of it was real, the horses couldn’t see it, but it was a damn convincing façade. You could also follow the stats, and make bets instantaneously, but right now it was making my headache return. I shut off my Op-G and a voice in my head said, “Are you sure you want to disengage?”
“Yes,” I grumbled. Though, there was no reason for me to say anything aloud. The Op-G’s, short for Optical-Gene-Chips, were designed to interpret the brain’s language center. All I had to do was think, Op-G. Off.
“What’d you say?” said Celine as she tugged me downstairs towards the winner’s circle. 
I didn’t answer. 
The usual went on: the hand shaking, the trophy, the congratulations, the thousands of photos and videos taken with thousands of blinks that would be circulated across the G.E.M. in a matter of seconds, while all I saw before me were thousands of indistinguishable faces. Titan himself looked like a gilded life-size trophy, though it was just the magic of genetic engineering that made his hair gleam liquid gold, all an illusion. It wasn’t until we were on our way back home in the self-driving limo that Celine brought up an ongoing discussion we’d been having about one of our other horses named Buckyball. “So are you going to finally do it?”
Ice clinked in my faux-diamond glass as I knocked back the two-hundred-proof scotch and set it down. “I don’t know.”
“We can’t keep him forever.” Her glass slammed onto the little table harder than mine had. “That horse is a waste of our resources. Just do it already.”
She turned away from me to watch the V-screen windows create a scene of shoreline outside our car, and I watched her. She was right. So why was I having such difficulty disposing of this horse that not only had been neuro-hacked by the terrorists and was now useless as a racehorse, but was one of our first designs? He should have been recycled a long time ago. What was Buckyball to me? My hand went to my temple, right above where the molecular computer had synchronized itself into my brain. It was illegal to have a jockey chip without jumping through the necessary hoops, but now that I knew what it was like, what Bucky was like, I couldn’t dispose of him. 










2281 A.D.
Present

The city was not empty. With its living, overgrown buildings, littered streets, and abandoned cars it certainly seemed empty, but that was a trap. She was here somewhere. Bucky’s footsteps clopped a lazy beat down the crumbling ioncrete while the sun began to set and the road started to glow. As day turned to night photoluminescent images appeared on the road between the cracks and grasses. This time the glowing images created a broken galaxy. Other times, depending on the temperature, or how much sun was absorbed, they were snowflakes, or raindrops, or an ad for whatever company had helped create this stretch of road. Tonight was a new moon, so it was the milky-way. It looked like we were treading on the universe itself. 
“Photons,” I mumbled. “Five little photons jumping on the sun. One quantum of light is gone. Mama called the physicist and he said, ‘No more photons falling on my head!’”
I laughed, and my eye twitched. Ivy-like webs connected the organic buildings to each other and hung in tendrils, dipping their torn skins into puddles of gathered grime. Watching my reflection skip from liquid mirror to mirror, I hardly recognized myself with long hair and a beard. I was nothing but a grizzled mountain man, a pioneer, in high-tech skins. My lenses caught movement in one of the pools and magnified it. It was a charm of sun-hummers.
Following the line projected from my contacts, I magnified the birds again until they looked to be within arm’s reach. Created by technology, they resembled old world humming-birds, but they glowed brightly with warm hues like tiny suns, hence their name. Someone’s pet store project, a novelty for the wealthy, but now they were free to dart through sunbeams. I smiled at the moment, at their beauty, then frowned at the future.
I had no idea where Eden may have gone. For all I knew, we had probably lost her in this maze of mirrors, but some sick obsession kept me chasing like a hound, or a knight on a quest. A twitch jumped along my lips, a half smile, half frown, and I mumbled, “Monkeys,” as my eyes searched the buildings. No sign of the real Eden, and no sign of any shoes.
An overturned vehicle blocked the street ahead of us so I turned down a side street. When the electricity and satellites began to mysteriously fail so did the automated transportation. Fossil fuels were an ancient technology, but I’d seen some old films, almost prophetic films, and envied their combustion engines. 
A mass of furry rodents scurried away as we trotted down the broken road, its regeneration abilities unable to cope.  Under normal circumstances, the calcium ions when mixed with water and carbon dioxide would mend themselves, but the microfibers had been torn too many times by the elements. So they degraded, year after year, storm after storm, and slowly returned to a broken state. 
A sense of being watched slid down my spine, and I commanded my suit to reassemble the gun. My body rippled as its armor shifted to create the firing device upon my forearm. It was a sub-atomic disassembler that could propel packets, or bullets, of weaponized nanobots. Any organic life form would be torn apart into pure carbon in less than two minutes. It was a gamble, however. After the last genocide, Bucky and I wore the only nano-armor that hadn’t turned on the life form inside it, yet. 
A clanking noise came from around the side of the building up ahead. It was either Eden, or it was something else that would make me its prey. As we came nearer to the end of the building, my heart sped up. I still wasn’t very good at staying calm in times of crisis, especially since I’d lost the immediate help of my Op-G. I’d faced hundreds of dangers from the southern tip of the United Americas to the northern deserts of Mid-America, but still none were as terrifying as finally coming face to face with the woman who had loved me, and I her, or so I had thought.
“Slowly,” I said to Bucky.
The blades melted away and the nanos creating his armor assembled themselves into a long probing tentacle only a nanometer thick. The bots were too slow to fly around like miniature drones, but when connected together they could fan out like invisible fingers in seconds. Programmed to detect life forms, they would alert us by sending a signal to our remaining bots, making them ready for either defense or attack. The scraping clank, like a can on ioncrete, came again. It was right around the corner. Bucky halted. Condensation, possibly from a faucet still trying to valiantly pump, dripped from a broken rusted pipe. This was obviously the poorer part of town otherwise the pipes would’ve been shape-memory polymers. The wealthy and powerful had never known rust or broken pipes, not when the pipes could move and mend themselves like living intestines. 
Red lines flashed across my vision, a warning, there was definitely something dangerous there, but before I could decide, the probing arm shot back, our suits became a writhing mass of whipping, nearly invisible vines, and something very large lunged at Buck. He reared, his armored hooves morphed into bladed claws and slashed down on the beast. The creature howled a gargled scream of pain and slumped to the ground, nearly sliced in half as the blades melted back up Bucky’s legs. Prancing sideways, his instincts overriding my intellect, Buck pivoted and launched into a gallop. This was treacherous, galloping down these streets in the dark, even if they were somewhat luminescent. I hazarded a glance behind and witnessed a pursuing nightmare come to life.
Nogs were the next worst things we could come across. With another quick glance behind, I counted at least twenty of them. The pack of illegally created predators could be quite a problem, even with our suits, if we didn’t find some safe haven in the next mile. Nogs were the monsters of desperation. 
In a society where any needful thing could be created from any molecular structure, where everyone could have everything, one thing still prevailed: power. Those that controlled the nanotechnology held immense power. So illegal black markets of nanos sprang up throughout the less fortunate communities, and unlicensed, untrained technicians had free reign to create any kind of creature, or thing, they were paid to create. They may have once been canine or feline in nature, but with the ability to literally mold molecules into any organic structure, they became the atrocities of warped minds. 
With the advent of economical nanotech, bacterial and viral illness, textbook mental illness, and all forms of psychosis had been eradicated. When one could tweak genetic code and create a near perfect human being, one could also create a more complacent, docile public, an intelligent public, but one more genetically prone to obedience and altruism. So things like illegal, selfish, and destructive behavior should have been dealt out from the deck. However, we missed one important card: the queen of creativity.  Creativity would always test the boundaries of our capabilities, whether to the benefit or the downfall of others, and now our downfall was upon us.
Chips of glowing ioncrete flew from the road as we thundered blindly through the city. Growling, howling, screaming, and clicking noises gave melody to the frantic thudding of our escape. I glanced again and saw that one had pulled ahead of the pack. It was hideous. As a trained technician, all I saw was a botched job on a goulash of genetics. It looked to be part canine, arachnid, and cephalopod, with the head of a spider, the beak of a giant squid, and the disjointed scuttling of six long, dog-like legs. It was making clicking sounds through screeches of saliva. While it may have been an abomination of nature, it was gaining on us.
The pack chased us for almost a mile until I found an empty building that would offer some protection until morning. Bucky obediently crashed up the stairs that were frozen without electricity, and I left a cloud of nanos hovering in the narrow space behind. We clambered out onto the living-roof thick with vegetation. Disengaging and slipping off his back, I picked up a piece of metal and barred the door with it. A door. I fell to one knee and held my head in hand, taking deep breaths. Thanks to poverty, and actual doors, we’d sleep soundly tonight. If we had been a couple miles further into the city, there would have only been electronic sensory doors, a useless modern convenience when they were stuck open. 
I soon discovered that the piece of metal had come from a crashed flying vehicle on the other side of the rooftop. Its pilot and passenger were clearly dead but their little medibots were still trying to repair them, which made them look like grotesque alien life forms. Bone spurs were growing out in different angles, connected with webs of new tissue to the rotting flesh below while new muscle and skin was bulging and growing into its surroundings like pale mushrooming roots.
“Mycelium men,” I said aloud. 
Tilting my head, I observed these creations of rampant machinery seeking iteration. It fascinated me how life repeated itself, in action and image. From the massive mycelium that could spread thousands of acres beneath the earth, to the branching vessels that once pumped blood in these men, to the branching rivers flowing with liquid across the earth, to the vascular webs of clustered galaxies, it was enough to send one’s neural branching pathways racing. Life continuously sought after itself, matter reaching out to matter. 
“Scions of ions,” I mumbled.
Bucky had come over to me and I could feel his warm breath on my back. He didn’t like being alone. Neither did I. The nogs were still screeching and babbling below. A few of them had tried coming up the stairs, judging by their screams inside the building, but the rest of them were just milling around outside. Walking over to the edge, I looked down on the scene. Perhaps fifteen were still down there, sniffing and scratching up the walls for us. 
I watched the pathetic sacks of organic matter, and my lip involuntarily twitched as well as my eye. Like trying to catch an insect under my skin, my fingers clamped down on the spasm.




























2280 A.D.
One week before the New Year

“Do you think what we did was the right thing?” Sasha asked me. He had a deep commanding voice that held your attention the moment he spoke, and in his expensive suit sparkling with ever-changing filaments of living crystal he could have rivaled Zeus upon Olympus. 
“The nanos, Alaric. Everything. Why did we do it?”
I took a sip from the strong chemiluminescent martini he’d brought me and gazed at the equally glowing metropolis below us. “We did it to help people. Help them live longer, healthier, better lives.” I shrugged and took another sip. “Isn’t that what you do it for? That and the twenty million dollar paycheck?” I laughed and raised my glass to the city. “We helped save the world.”
Like a thundercloud, his laughter rolled over mine and echoed through the party, drawing the attention of a few people inside. “Is that the justified fairy tale you tell yourself every night before your nanny tucks your precious daughter into bed?”
The hairs on the back of my neck bristled at his condescending comment towards Cassie, and, sensing a new release of chemicals, my Op-G inquired after my state of wellbeing. It was a message so familiar that it was there and gone within a blink, the Op-G having interpreted certain electrical surges between synapses to mean, “Ignore.” I, however, was far from ignoring the rush of chemicals from my amygdala. Anger, though dressed up in fancy technology and slick science, would still always be a narrowing of the eyes and curling of the lip.
My ten year old was in fact very precious. After the second Dark Age, strict population control was implemented. Everyone who wanted to reproduce had to apply, have the combination of their genetic codes tested, and if it was deemed their progeny would be an asset to humanity, if their stations, psyches, and other social factors checked out, then they could have a child, either traditionally or in a lab-womb. Most opted for the lab-womb; it was less barbaric, and with oxytocin injections, maternal bonding was not an issue. My chosen mate, Celine and I, went through a lot of trouble to create Cassie, and she was the entire world to me. But why was I getting so easily riled up? Sasha was my friend and colleague for over one hundred years. This wasn’t like me. Must be the one hundred and ninety-nine proof alcohol in the martini.
His eyes lowered to the magnificent view from the three hundred-story living balcony we stood upon. I turned my glare onto him. 
“What exactly do you mean?” I asked in strained indifference. 
“I mean, Alaric,”—I felt like a child getting lectured, which made me bristle even more—“that we have blindly dove into the realms of quantum Gods.” He threw his full attention on me, and I stood up as if facing a superior officer. “Would you believe me if I said the nanocide wasn’t what we had thought?” 
I couldn’t believe I was hearing this right now. I felt like I was facing a stranger beneath familiar skin. Before I could formulate any kind of response he took a step closer and I took one back. “Listen to me, Alaric.” His voice had dropped, and my Op-G warned me that the life form known as Sasha was showing biological signs of distress, and—would I like to contact the authorities, or be informed of how best to deal with this situation, or look up the definition of distress? I blinked rapidly, ridding my vision of the driveling information, and hoped that Sasha’s own lenses hadn’t picked up on my emotional cues.
Having processed all this information in a matter of seconds, he noticed nothing, and continued, “We’ve fucked it all up.”
Where the hell was he going with this? His bots must be overloaded with alcohol.
“Okay, Sasha,” I said, trying to push him away from me a little. “Let’s go in—”
My back was suddenly pushed against the railing, his hands gripped my jacket, and his face glistened with sweat in cool hues of electric light. My Op-G barraged me with virtual options of possible salvation, but I continued to ignore them.
“Listen to me,” he hissed. “It won’t last. While we’ve been living on borrowed time, doing nothing but sucking the tit of opulence, everything is falling to shit around us. Can’t you see it? Down there?” He pushed my head with one of his hands, forcing me to look down at the multitudes below. My contacts immediately enhanced the people far below so I could practically count the hairs on their heads.
“They’re ghosts. We’re all ghosts.” 
I just stared speechless. He must have finally registered my alarm because he let go, backed off, and looked somewhat ashamed.
I kept my hands raised and watched him like a trusted pet gone wild as he muttered an apology. With a quick glance, I searched for Celine but she was nowhere to be seen amongst all the ghosts through the sliding transparent polyglass. No one seemed to have noticed our interaction. Hopefully I could talk him down, and slip inside, before this escalated even more.
“Sorry,” he said again, not looking at me. “It’s just that”—He raised a clenched fist, and for a moment I thought he meant to swing at me, but instead he continued his rant while alcohol slopped out from the glass in his other hand—“The Cloud Nines malfunctioned for a reason. If you knew what I knew. If I could get you to believe me.” With a pronounced sigh, he lowered his hands and stared into the distance.
I let an expression of confused disagreement contort my face, but he didn’t seem to notice or care. Cloud Nines were cloning, or rebirthing, facilities for people once their medibots started to go rogue, or if they died in an accident, both bound to occur during three hundred years or more of living. Nearly every person on the planet had their DNA and mind stored in a Cloud Nine to later be re-created once their current body was disposed of, if they could afford it. There had only been a few hundred thousand clones so far, myself included. I didn’t remember my own death. It was procedure to scramble those memories when one was reborn, a strange enough event. To suddenly reawaken in a facility as if you’d only fallen asleep at the last task you had been doing before you were “damaged” was certainly disconcerting.
But last year every Cloud Nine facility mysteriously powered down and went black. Everyone blamed another terrorist hack, but no culprit had been discovered. Whomever did it was not only a master at creating impenetrable firewalls that made the facilities useless for now, but was also expert at covering their digital trail. Perhaps this was what Sasha was so upset about.
He swirled the ice in his drink before dumping it on a hibiscus blooming on the fern covered railing. “We’ve done so much, but to what purpose?” He looked me straight in the face. “What’s the point of chasing immortality in the confines of this body?” He slapped his chest then his head. “In the confines of this mind?” Then he spread his arms wide. “In the confines of this world?” His eyes fixated on the moon, and I looked up as well. A bright dot emerged from behind it and cast a moving shadow on its surface, the Azimuth.
My attention came back to the drunken man sharing this empty stretch of patio with me. Was he starting lose it? Were his medibots finally going rogue? Despite my wariness, however, I was finding myself a little intrigued by his rambling rant.
“I don’t know what to do,” he said, turning his gaze to the ground and laying his hands on the railing. “The Azimuth will be the end of us.”
“The Azimuth?” I repeated, not because I didn’t know what it was, but because I didn’t understand his statement. The Azimuth was our last and certain hope if ever anything like the nanocide, or worse, occurred.
Half turning towards me, his gaze was steady and calculating. “Alaric, meet me at the dome next Saturday, after the new year.” He rotated his back to me again. “Alone. I want to show you something important.” 
City sounds rushed in to fill the silence as I inched my way towards the glass doors. One of them shot open, and I nearly dropped my glass when Sasha turned around and snapped, “Alaric.”
I felt momentarily dizzy with fear, and probably booze, but my Op-G quickly counter-acted my fear with a rush of calming chemicals. Once again thinking rationally, I slowly backed through the opening, while the noise of people and music pulled at me like a tide towards shore. Sanctuary was so close, but what was Sasha going to do? 
He tapped his temple. “Take it out.” Then he shook his head, and gave me a meaningful look.
I slipped inside and took deep breaths as the barrier closed between us. 
“Fuck,” I said, wiping a trembling hand across my face. The Op-G’s were good in moments of severe emotional swings, but they weren’t meant to completely change an emotion, just mask it.
I watched his shadowy back through the glass for a few minutes; observed the tilt of his head on his broad shoulders surrounded by millions of glittering lights. Quickly I turned and walked further into the sea of bodies, unnaturally warm and breathing bodies. Eye contact was not a good idea right now. Anyone would be able to see the fear in my dilated pupils, and detect my elevated levels of adrenaline, and I didn’t want to answer questions. 
I reached the bar and sat down with relief upon an open stool. The virtual bartender within the counter said something, I said something, and a drink appeared in front of me. I grabbed it and drained half, closing my eyes at the rare deluge of numbness. As quickly as it flooded my system, the nanos would filter it out, and the only remedy was to ask for another.
A second drink materialized, glowing with orange fizz, but this time I just held onto its stem. Looking around for Celine again, and for Sasha, I realized I was running his words through my head, “What’s the point of chasing immortality in the confines of this body? This mind? This world?” Did he know about my illegal syncing-chip? Was that why he tapped his temple? 
A woman wearing outrageous make up, iridescent hair filaments, and a flowing black gown that was programmed to mimic the northern lights, wafted past in a bubble of laughter and chatter with a group of men in her wake. They were all conversing while simultaneously paying attention to their social life on the G.E.M. That made me remember that I should have my Op-G disassembled and reassembled due to increasing headaches. Sasha’s words repeated back to me, “In the confines of this mind.” I shook my head. Paranoid talk. I scoffed and drank the fizzy alcohol, rubbing my hand through my hair while watching everyone mill about in the enormous room.
Maybe it was all the drinks, maybe my bots weren’t filtering very well, but everyone appeared to be moving too slowly as if wafting through a briny haze. A pair of waving arms danced by, and in sudden clarity it occurred to me how fantastical the whole scene around me was. Housed within organic walls molded of living, regenerating material lived ever-regenerating organisms. All of them glittered and glowed like foxfire fungus and frost flowers, beautiful anomalies of nature not meant to live under a rising sun. 
My brow furrowed as I followed a skeleton wrapped in flesh wrapped in material through swarms of others wrapped in their own worlds of denial and narcissism. These people should have died a long time ago. Hell, these people should have aged a long time ago. I should have died twice over by now, but here I was, a beautiful anomaly standing in morning fire. 
My pulse quickened when I saw Sasha making his way through the crowd, but he didn’t look over. I watched as he pushed people aside, shaking off a young drunken woman who was probably in her eighties, technically, and then he left the party. Good. The more distance between us the better. I worried about what would happen when we saw each other at work again. What worried me most was his strange request to meet at the dome, a monument to those lost in the nanocide, and my overwhelming curiosity to find out why.

























2281 A.D.
Present

A horrendous commotion jarred me out of the past. Pushing myself up, I quickly strode to the far edge of the rooftop. Below, a massacre was occurring. The horde had caught up to us and overwhelmed the nogs that hadn’t been able to escape.  Emotionless, fearless, they descended on the creatures, tearing them apart like children’s toys. It was strange. Though they attacked anything that attacked me, I was safe from their clawing hands, even when I had attacked them out of pure terror at first. No matter what I did, or screamed at them, they remained unmoving and unresponsive. I was about to turn away, then I saw her little body amongst the fray. Her tiny hands were reaching for a nog that was already torn in half. 
A sob wracked through my body. 
“Why don’t you just disintegrate her like Sasha?”
My head shot up to see a vision of Eden standing there with me, peering down.
“Shut up,” I snarled, throwing my hands over my temples.
“She’s already dead, you know.”
The howls and screeches of the animals had ceased, but not to my ears. “She’s not dead.”
“Open your eyes.”
Like an obedient dog, I opened them, immediately latching onto my little girl far below, now listless and still, standing in a pool of blood.
“You can’t save her,” Eden said slowly, almost angrily. “You can’t save any of them.”
My eyes turned acidic. “Yes I can.”
“No-you-can’t.” I could feel the warmth of her breath on my cheek.
Refusing to avert my attention, I focused on Cassie. “I’ll never give up on her.”
“You’re an idiot.”
Anger flashed through me like clashing blades, but when my bared teeth turned to tear Eden apart with words sharp with madness, only empty night glared back. 
“She’s all I have now,” I said to the silent stars. 
Looking back down at the horde that filled the streets as far as I could see, I watched Cassie for a time. It was nearly midnight now, judging by the constellations in the sky. Bucky was dozing, leaning lazily on a back leg, with his lower lip hanging down.  
Lying upon the soft, mossy lungs of the building, I crossed my hands under my head and stared up at the stars. My contacts attempted to connect the points of light into a web of images and words, but I closed my eyes, thought of the patch of carbon dust upon the hill, and mourned the death of my oldest friend, Sasha. 
Dawn was my church, my hope. Every day that sun rose meant we were still alive and one step closer to salvation. Bucky was stomping a front hoof, scraping it along the building top with each heavy thud. It was his signal of impatience. As I awoke and my heart rate rose, my suit hummed to life, and the little nanos sent a tingle of energy like goose bumps along my skin. I called the effect nano-ants. Bucky threw his slick black head up and down when he heard me walking over to him, the loose debris crunching beneath my boots. 
“Let’s get out of here,” I said as I unbarred the door, then walked over to climb onto his back.
His armor rippled like water as we synced, and I commanded him to walk to the edge of the building. Golden rays slid around our silhouettes and shafted through Bucky’s legs, pulling long shadows across the rooftop. I peered down into the pools of darkness still left by the night. The horde waited below, as usual.
We maneuvered our way back down the stairs, our saving cloud of nanos humming back to life as they melded with their kin, and emerged into the morning air. Like the red sea, the decaying bodies parted and allowed us through. This phenomenon I would never get used to. All these months, and still I had no idea why these reanimated bodies were following us. 
My muscles tensed, and so did Buck’s, as we passed within inches of skeletal faces staring at nothing. Nausea clutched my stomach at the thought of any of them touching me, but they never did. There was only one that I wished would touch me back, would throw her arms around my neck, or sit upon my knee, but Cassie never looked at me, nor hugged me. There was no greater torture than the indifference of one’s own child. 
I halted Bucky in front of her. He turned his head to her, in hopes of a treat or a pat, but she only continued to stare unblinkingly with quick shallow breaths through those emaciated lips and protruding ribs. It was truly amazing, in a scientific way, that the nanos could keep an organic life form functioning like this. Life form. Not someone. 
“Not much further,” I said to her. With a trembling smile, I leaned down. “Would you like rainbow shoes, sweetie? The kind that change color?”
No response.
A tear leaked from the corner of my eye and I wiped it away. “We’ll find some, okay?”
I saw Eden standing among the masses. She shook her head with a judgmental look, or maybe it was exasperated amusement. Either way, I didn’t appreciate it. I commanded Bucky to lope away, which he did, probably just as glad as I to put distance between us, and the dead. As soon as my nausea stretched away from my guilt, lost within that neoteric jungle, I slowed Bucky to a walk. 
A blip flashed in my peripheral vision, and with a twitch of my left eye a translucent face of a man appeared in thin air in front of me. Mason: one of the last surviving scientists on the Azimuth, one of the last three human beings alive, and the last person I could call a friend, or at least an enemy of an enemy.
“Alaric,” he said, smiling. “What’s the latest? Find that psychotic, righteous, hack-job yet?”
My jaw clenched at his flippant attitude towards Sasha, even though I had just murdered him myself.
“He’s dead,” I said flatly. 
Mason nodded and didn’t say anything else about it. 
“How’s it going up there?” I asked, unconsciously glancing skywards towards the invisible ship circling the moon.
“The usual. Just hoping you get here first.” Still grinning, he shook his head. “It’s certainly no vacation sitting up here like a fish out of water, just watching and waiting, and wondering how it’s all going to play out.”
“Trust me, feels the same down here.”
“You surviving?”
“One of the last—”
“—But not the ugliest,” he finished. It was our usual little banter, a stitch in our blanket of camaraderie, a comforting routine.
“Where are you now?” 
He never failed to ask me this. I’d teased him many times about it, calling him an annoying parent, but he asked anyway, and I answered anyway. 
“Leaving old Portland,” I answered, “and probably going to cut through the preserve.”
He nodded. “Good to know. Well, just make sure you get to the shuttle before she does or we’re all screwed.”
“If only.”
Hollow laughter.
“Stay alive,” he said before cutting out.
“Plan on it,” I replied to the air. 
We chased the sun, loping further from the metropolis of the city, past long dead energy harvesters, and into the poorer areas of habitation. A few solar-dactyls, or flying solar panels, littered the countryside. Harvesters, large machines built to harvest energy straight from the atmosphere, stood sentinel across the landscape. After all our efforts, Mother Nature subdued her children’s creations and laid them to rest under folds of foliage and disrepair. Since absolutely everything relied on electricity or some form thereof, when the energy hubs died, so did all of civilization. My fellow scientists, those of us that survived the initial attack, kept a few autonomous cars around until the harvesters ran down, the dactyls fell, and electricity dwindled into memory. The GPS, or Global Positioning Systems, were the only remnants of our great achievements, our scientific evolution that lasted less than five hundred years. But without devices to receive their information, the last functioning satellites were nothing but racing stars across the night sky. What would our ancestors think of such celestial enigmas?
I scoffed. Ancestors. Down to Adam and Eve now, and they wanted to kill each other. 
“Eden, you lying bitch,” I growled as Bucky wandered down the road past abandoned homes.
I had to find her before she found the shuttle to the Azimuth. The Azimuth, and its crew of one, Mason, was all we had left. Eden and her terrorist group had made sure of that, destroying the Cloud Nines one by one since the nanocide. I ground my teeth. Maybe she was right. In the end, it seemed we loved the ones we hated and hated the ones we loved. Belief was more powerful than any force in the universe, and I believed with every atom of my being that Eden, Sasha, all of them, were wrong. Humanity did not deserve this fate. We deserved to live on. We were inherently good. I was good. I had to believe that.
“Good,” said Eden’s voice from thin air, “is just a concept. An abstract thought devoid of concrete meaning.”

















2280 A.D.
Five days before the New Year

“What does that mean?” I teased as her thigh rested over mine, our naked bodies entwined on the massive bed.
She gave me an annoyed smirk. “It means that there’s no such thing as ‘good’ or ‘bad.’ There’s only action and consequence.”
My lips hovered along the curve of her neck, and I felt her fidget under my touch. “So,” I said in a tone heavy with desire, “I am neither good nor bad?”
She pushed me back to look in my face. I smiled. She was so beautiful. I wished I had made her my genetic mate, but then Cassie wouldn’t be who she was.
“It means that for your actions there will be consequences.”
“Like this,” I said as I started to tickle her, but she didn’t giggle, and pushed my hands away. 
“I’m serious, Alaric.” Her hand was on my shoulder, keeping me at bay. “Are you that blind to what’s been going on?”
My humor dissipated and I pulled away. “Blind? To what exactly?”
An enormous weight fell between us and I suddenly sensed some secret, some all-encompassing knowledge that I wasn’t privy to. 
She touched my face, and I felt my lust stir despite the lost moment of romance.
“Are you so blind to our future?”
I was about to say, “Ours?” but she must have realized this and cut me off, “I’m not talking about us.” She closed her eyes and shook her head. “I’m talking about all of us. Humanity.”
This was getting too deep, too heavy. As my sexual mate, I just wanted to enjoy her company, but she apparently wasn’t going to play that role right now.
“Good and bad are subjective,” she continued. “It all depends on whose footsteps you’re standing in.” With a flip of her hair, she sat up and gave me a long, hard look. “We only ever think about ourselves—ah, ah,” she said, holding up a hand to ward off my reply. “I know what you’re going to say. Let me finish.”
“I always do.” I grinned. She ignored me.
“What if something that we thought was good, turned out to be bad?”
“I thought good and bad were off the table?”
All I received was a slow breath. I raised an eyebrow. First Sasha was acting out of character, and now her. I rolled away, stood up, and let the sheets fall to the floor. 
“All right. What’s with the cryptic doublespeak?” I must have said it too pointedly because she flinched and reached a hand out to grab the blanket. “Did you talk to Sasha at the party or something?” I pulled on my pants then faced her. “He was acting a bit like you are now.”
Her eyes went wide and I knew I’d hit on something. Anger suddenly flared up inside me.
“In fact, you’re sounding a lot like him.” 
“Alaric—”
“Something you want to tell me, Eden?” 
She jumped out of the bed with the blanket wrapped around her and I could tell she was nervous.
Her question was barely a whisper. “What did he say to you?”
“First you tell me what’s going on. Are you sleeping with him too?”
Her worry became surprise, and her eyes flicked down then back to mine. “Yes.” She waited for my reaction. “We’re lovers. What’s the big deal?” Her chin rose, challenging me, but I didn’t move. 
“You’re lying. That’s not it at all.” Even if they were, I could care less. Monogamy had gone the way of marriage, religion, and taxes; not much point when your DNA and memories could be stored in facilities, your body and mind recreated over and over, and technology had created the closest thing to utopia humanity had ever known. No. Eden was hiding something, just as Sasha was, and my suspicions were turning into fearful anger. Tension, invisible and toxic, started to fill the space between us. 
Her eyes narrowed. “What did he tell you, Alaric?” 
“Nothing. Just to meet him at the dome.”
Her whole body relaxed, her eyes closed for a moment, and she nodded. Before I could make further inquiries, she let the sheet fall to the floor, exposing her genetically perfect female form, and she enticingly swayed towards me.
“Tell me—”
“Shh,” she said, laying a finger over my lips, and gazing into my eyes.
“You’ll see.” 
Then our lips and naked bodies pressed together in passionate desire, our Op-G’s enhancing the lustful experience with an extra release of neurotransmitters. For now, I was enslaved to her, and that’s all that mattered.





















2281 A.D.
Present

Buildings had given way to diverse hybrids of deciduous and tropical trees, thick underbrush, and brilliant wild flowers. A few autonomous cars littered the highway as Bucky and I approached what had once been a wildlife preserve. 

North United American 
Prehistoric Wildlife Preserve.
Please stay inside vehicle at all times.

There were millions of acres of these preserves all over the world’s continents. The nanocide affected only human DNA, but by that time most of the old world’s species, from frogs to whales, had been wiped out. It took nearly eradicating our own species before we gave a shit about any other. Before that, cloning and replicating programs were scarce and underfunded, but afterwards it was like ancestral guilt lay heavy on everyone’s consciousness. So the A.R.C. program was implemented, Animal Recreation Crusade. Centuries of stored DNA from almost every extinct species were reborn, and we congratulated ourselves on our almighty and generous qualities.
Now one could actually see and touch a real live bison, wolf, tiger, rhino, panda, penguins, bees, and—though it had some opposition—even ancient species like the dodo and wooly mammoth. With our magical little machines, we could create anything, as long as there were still strands to cling to. Many creatures from the Pleistocene epoch were brought back into an age alien to them. We were once all inhabitants of the ice age, but we now oddly found ourselves in a future environment of our ancient ancestors. Earth was two degrees warmer now than the early 21st century, which was just one degree short of three million years ago. Between earth’s natural cycle, and our unnatural interference, we managed to fold the past into the present, stitch together three worlds, and like witch doctors raise the dead. 
However, we never could bring ourselves to resurrect our closest cousins, the Neanderthal. Why it was deemed ethical to recreate our own bodies, but not that of another species of human, came down to memory. We could transfer our own mind, our memories, to another twin body, but what would a thirty thousand year old Neanderthal have in a society of ours? 
Where we had a story, eons of history to define who we were and our role in the world, he would only have tens of thousands of blank pages until his story began again in a completely alien future. When it came down to it, flesh and bone did not define who and what we were, memory did. Besides the mammoth and giant Irish elk with antlers spanning twelve feet, we had brought on board large predators, including smilodons, or sabertoothed cats, which was why I had our nano arms scouting ahead. 
“What do you think, Bucky boy?”
Buck nodded his head up and down. He liked it when I talked to him.
“Think we could take on a sabertooth?”
He snorted. 
“Yeah, it’s probably just a big pussy.” I laughed at my own juvenile humor. Someone had to laugh at my jokes.
Just as our scouts relayed a warning to our armor, sending a flash of red to my arm console, the nearby dense foliage rustled. Our armor reacted with blades and an electrical charge meant to stun anything that touched us. Bucky stopped on his own, his head and ears turned towards the sound. It came again, twenty feet away. An herbivore perhaps. Hopefully. My gun assembled itself and I aimed it at the huge tropical leaves. The birds were silent.
Sunshine peaked around my peripheral vision, and I could see my eyelashes glowing. Time paused for a few breaths, then the creature emerged. As big as Buck, seven feet to the shoulder and about two thousand pounds, Arctodus, or more adorably named, the short-faced bear, pushed an enormous head through the leaves and fronds. It took all my mental focus to keep Bucky calm as well as myself. The one thing worse than a smilodon, and we ran into it.
I ordered my bots to remain on alert but not to attack. The impressive creature stared back at us with dark, emotionless eyes, and neither of us moved. It was certainly a sight to behold. An animal extinct for fifteen thousand years was now staring back at us. It was eerie. This thing was supposed to be nothing but bones, but here it was, a walking, living skeleton. I was in awe of its presence then I noticed its eyes. The more I stared at them, the more I realized that they were watching me, analyzing me.
It was difficult to keep Bucky still, considering that I was also starting to panic. Our armor immediately regrouped and burst into a million little undulating razor sharp scales all over our bodies. If the bear tried to attack it would be sliced to ribbons if it laid a wheel sized paw on us. But that didn’t mean it couldn’t knock us to the ground all the same. However, it wasn’t attacking. Bucky pranced and jigged a few yards away as I barely kept him from bolting.  
The bear took a step forward and Bucky reared. Quickly, I imagined a herd of horses in a field of waving grass. My awareness became split between the danger before us, and Bucky’s terror, but in an instant he relaxed, only his heaving breaths were left to betray his fear. It was the only mental image that could calm him down when he was that terrified. The bear hadn’t moved, not even an ear twitched. Fear was not something it felt towards us.
My heart rate slowed. It wasn’t going to attack. It was just curious, probably wondering what kind of strange creature had invaded its peaceful day. We watched one another for a few more breaths, then the great bear turned, snuffed, and ambled back into the thick foliage. A sudden sadness washed over me, making Bucky lower his head and tail; he was a sponge for my emotions, even sorrow, though his equine brain had no context behind the feeling, just a reaction. Thus in a way, he was the best therapist I’d ever had. I tried to keep my emotions in check, in order to spare the poor horse from the deep depressive void within me that was only a slip of sanity away. 
Seeing the bear go, though it was just a being of simple survival, reminded me of how starved I was for connection. Then again, what had I become, other than a being of simple survival? 
We continued along the old road that was beginning to glow with, Please stay inside vehicle, as the sun set. Frogs began their sexual chorus and I smiled. I enjoyed the song of frogs in the lonely silent years to come, a sound unheard of in the metropolis of bustling humanity. They had been extinct once, but now their voices were given a name and a memory once more.  
I looked up to the sliver of moon, watching for the Azimuth. Every two hours it revolved around its celestial anchor, and I felt comfort in its predetermined course. With the Azimuth, humanity still held fast with its own anchor. It amazed me sometimes, when I let my mind think on it, that in one generation, just one, all human ingenuity, from the wheel to harnessing creation itself could be lost. If Eden reached the Azimuth first, humanity’s short immodest reign would be lost. Our throne among the stars would cease to be, for a throne must first be created within a mind, upon which a crown could rest. 
These were the thoughts that plagued me each night as I lay down to chase fitful sleep. Comfort, companionship, and love were concepts long lost to me with a lost life. I did not dream of everyday things, I dreamt of demons and fears, and the ache for what had once been.













2280 A.D. 
Thirty hours before the new year

“What’s wrong with Bucky?”
Cassie gave me a worried, but demanding, stare. What a woman she would grow up to be. I admired her strength, but at the moment, I feared it. How do you explain killing something you care about to a ten year old?
My fingers ran through my hair as I shrugged. “Sometimes.” I stalled by giving a long sigh. “Sometimes you have to fix something, and in order to do that it needs to start over.”
She nodded, but the sadness hadn’t left her eyes. My heart was breaking. Bucky was her horse, raised from a foal, and named by her. She had been at his creation, and I at hers. How could I do this to her?
“But dad”—she leaned over the stall as she stood on a block of amalgamated horse feed—“he looks okay to me.”
Bucky tossed his black head up and down from the other side of the stall as if to agree. He may not have won any races recently, but he certainly was a character. 
“Don’t change him.” Cassie stood up and turned, hands on her hips, challenging me. “I like him just the way he is.”
With a silent nod, I looked at the ground, then at the black stallion with his genetic enhancements. Bucky was a gorgeous animal. Enhanced with bioluminescent code, his dark body glowed with waves of green and blue. Of course Cassie loved him. The day he was born in the lab, to the eyes of a five year old, he was magical, and absolutely perfect. As for the name, well, being the daughter of a nanotechnician who read quantum physics for pleasure it was no surprise she picked up on terms like buckyball: a carbon molecule found in deep space that exhibited both wave and particle duality; a perfect name for a horse with such contrasting talents and personality. 
I stared at him, the useless racehorse I was supposed to recycle into another more profitable piece of property. He was a dud, a lemon, but not to Cassie. She held out her hand and Bucky came over to search for a treat, nuzzling her palm with his gentle nose. A muscle worked in my jaw. With all our tinkering, all our mechanical magic, the true nature of things remained. The horse remained kind, trusting, and loyal, a gentle giant, and mankind remained a selfish, destructive beast. 
“Come on, honey,” I said, pulling her away. “Go back to the house. Dinner’s probably ready.”
“You’re not gonna fix him, are you?”
Her eyes bored into mine. 
“No,” I said. “I won’t fix him, I promise.”
She smiled, trusting me, and bounded off towards the house. After she left, I put my arms on the stall door. Bucky perked his ears up and came over to me.
“Hey buddy.” I stroked his head and neck. “What am I going to do with you?”
He snorted then walked back to his trough of specially designed feed. Neither Cassie nor Celine knew of our secret. I closed my eyes and focused. Bucky stopped eating, stood still then looked at me, and I saw myself through his eyes. Our minds linked as one. To him I was his guide, his protector. He trusted me with all of his big heart, and that’s why he lost every race. Late at night, after I’d procured the illegal class five chip from the jockey, I had been taking him out, linking our minds, and racing around the training track like a whirling galaxy, clocking in an entire minute before our fastest horse, Titan. Bucky was magnificent, but he never trusted any of the jockeys, and thus never won a race. If I could, I would become a jockey just for him, but that was ludicrous. I was an elite, a gentleman, and tomorrow I was supposed to betray him. I still hadn’t truly decided, but little did I know that soon I would betray everyone, even Cassie.











2281 A.D.
Present

It was growing stormier the further north we traveled. At least game was plentiful. Our nanos would keep our organs functioning but hunger could still gnaw at us like rats. More than once I thought I’d heard the faint whir of a Biobike, essentially a motorcycle that could run on any form of carbon, but I never saw one, nor was there any other sign of my most elusive prey, Eden. 
An electrical signal stimulated my auditory cortex, creating the illusion of a pinging sound in my ear. 
“Hey, Mase,” I said as his floating torso appeared.
“Hey, how’s it going down on terra firma?”
“Same old, same old. How’s it up there on luna?”
“Same old, same old. Just being a lunatic until you get here.” He laughed at his own joke.
“Unless she gets there first.”
He frowned. “But you’re not going to let that happen, right? Alaric?”
I shook my head as Bucky plodded over soggy ground that squished beneath his heavy hooves. “No. I’ll get there first. Don’t worry.”
“You better. I don’t want to deal with wrathful ex-girlfriends.” He smiled, but I didn’t. “So, where are you?”
At this I did laugh. His parental demands were so predictable. 
“I’m about forty-five point seven degrees north and seventy-eight degrees west. Getting wet as hell out here too.”
“So, you’re around New Canada.”
“Yep. Only another fifteen hundred miles to go.”
He smiled. “It’ll be good to actually see you again in person.”
“Yeah. It will be, won’t it,” but my mind balked at the thought of actually conversing with another human being face to face. My solitude had become a bubble of safety as I watched my humanity and sanity drop away like a trail of breadcrumbs.
“They still after you?” He meant the zombies, for lack of a better word.
“Yep.”
We didn’t say anything for a few seconds then he nodded, and said, “Stay dry,” and cut out.
“Right,” I muttered, looking around at our sodden landscape, oozing with dripping clouds. 
We’d been following the coast on an old abandoned asphalt road from hundreds of years ago. It was mostly gone now due to the great melting of permafrost and was nearly invisible with vegetation, but it led in the right direction. Every so often a rusted sign lay on the ground, and one of them still read, HWY 37. From the eroded coast the land stretched into flowing hills. My contacts zoomed in. Like the hills themselves had come to life, a large herd of mammoths slowly ambled along in the distance. I watched their silent procession before setting Bucky into a lope. We still had many days until we would reach the shuttle. 
As the sun fell and shattered into ribbons of coral light, we trotted up to a town. Religion had resurged after the first nanocide, but now only their monuments remained. Throughout the world, monastery after monastery, of all religions, from ancient Buddhism to more modern forms of Christianity and Universalism, loomed with open, silent doors. Piled high around the opening of a New Religion temple there were still clothes left in memoriam, as the nanobots had not affected clothing. 
I stopped Buck outside the temple where every pile of clothing was ringed in concentric circles, the smallest clothing being within the center. These people must have gathered together in hope that their spiritual belief would at least protect their souls when the last wave of nanoweapons began to engulf the world all those months ago. The adults must have known that death was imminent, but the children were the ones I wept for.
I had no shame in crying, not anymore. Society, the one I’d left behind, would have disapproved, but now I was free to feel, to be a human, not a man. I cried for too many reasons for one man to hold, but at the moment I cried for these people who were murdered despite their belief in a better world, a connected world. I cried for the children who believed with all their innocent little hearts that they would be protected by the adults surrounding them.
Bucky hung his head and groaned. Quickly I disengaged our minds and dismounted, walking over to the temple with tears streaming down my face. After going through the intricately carved doors, and into the center of the decaying temple, I fell to my knees in the middle of the circle. Under my hands was a tiny shirt depicting a cartoon flower on a night sky. It was a holo-shirt, activated by light. The flower would open when under the sun and close at night. Right now, it was closed. I picked it up, and ashes billowed to the floor. The weight of heavy chains pulled at my heart. The guilt of a hundred years burned through my eyes, and I hugged the shirt to my chest. 
“I’m sorry,” I sobbed. “I’m so sorry.”
Each sob clawed at my throat and ripped me apart as I held the ghosts of so many in my arms. 
“This was my fault.” 
Like a vision, I could see the youngsters singing joyful hymns while the adults feigned calm smiles, but exchanged looks of terrified grief, grasping for any thread of hope, any last comfort in one another. They probably shepherded the children into a circle minutes before their voices were silenced forever. 
Of everyone, why was I spared? I didn’t deserve to be one of the last. My fingers dug into the crumbling fabric of the shirt. Dropping the rags, I picked up the little shoes peeking from beneath the skirt. 
“Cassie.” My sobs echoed back to me through the cavernous space as I slumped over the tiny shoes crushed in my hands. “Forgive me. Forgive me.”

2280 A.D.
One hour before the new-year

“Dad! Daaaad!”
It wasn’t a cry, it was a demand, so I took my time to disengage myself from our guests and walk around the corner of our expansive three-story porch. I found Cassie, alone, pointing at the night sky. 
“Look!” she said with the biggest grin only a pair of young eyes could match. 
She was pointing at a patch of stars in Orion’s Belt, one of them brighter than the others. 
“It’s Betelgeuse! Look.”
She pulled me over to the expensive telescope I’d given her for her eighth birthday. I pressed an eye, fuzzy with alcohol, to the lens. Magnified over a thousand times was the death of a star. Even I was amazed.
“Wow,” I said with a subdued, drunken, adult version of her excitement. “It’s a super nova.”
I smiled at my beautiful, intelligent daughter who was so enchanted by a once in a few hundred years celestial event. Stars sparkled in her eyes, and from six hundred and forty light years away a star thirty times the size of our own shined its last. Fireworks could never compare. 
“You’re one lucky little lady,” I said, raising my glass. “That hasn’t happened in over two hundred and fifty years. Even I wasn’t around to see the last one.”
She giggled and pressed her eye to the telescope again. 
“Daddy.”
“Yeah.”
She turned to me. “What happens to a star when it dies?”
“Well,” I swirled my glass. “It goes into the universe.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean all its particles, everything that makes the star, explodes and goes out into space.”
She bit her lip, and looked at the bright light of death six hundred and forty years ago. 
“Does that happen to us?”
I blinked. “Um.” I glanced up. “No. Not us, honey.”
“Why not?”
“Well, because we have technology and nanos. They keep us alive. You’ll live a long time, sweetie. Don’t you worry.” But I could tell it was I that was worried, not her.
“That doesn’t sound so bad,” she said, looking up.
“What’s that?” I sipped my drink.
“Still shining even after you’re dead.”
She turned back to the telescope, and I silently walked away. Since when had she become so aware of her own mortality? Strangely, I felt a deep sadness wash over me, but it was quickly ignored when I resumed my congenial conversation with someone at the new year’s party. The fireworks would begin in the next hour to welcome the year of Twenty-Two Eighty-One.


2281 A.D.
Present

Yesterday I had seen her crossing into the most Northern reaches of the United Americas, into Alaskan territory. I glimpsed her biobike racing across the tundra. I patted Bucky’s armored neck. All said and done, I think I still preferred another living thing. Biobikes were only good on fairly smooth ground, not rough tundra. She’d have to abandon it soon.  I hadn’t seen the horde in awhile. Our fast pace must have left them shuffling after a few miles behind. In a little valley surrounded by spruce and alder trees, I decided this was as good of a spot as any to make camp. 
After a successful hunt with the convenient help of nanotechnology, I sat around a smoldering fire gnawing the remains of some small animal. With my command, both our nano suits were deactivated for the night, our cloud of bots hovering above the ground around the camp in a protective black mist. They were inert right now, but they could still detect danger and react. I remained clothed in a breathable black under suit with glowing red veins of electricity and glucose that the nanos fed off of. Bucky’s dark coat glimmered and shifted cool hues under the night sky. 
Amusing myself, I imagined being a caveman, painting depictions of animals running from black clouds of nanos. What would future generations think of those enigmatic cave paintings? 
“Magic,” I said to myself. “At first they used spears, but then they discovered magic. And then what happened? Billy?”
I pretended to be a student raising my hand in class.
“Then they destroyed the entire world, Mr. Alaric.”
“That’s right, Billy. Then what happened?”
“Oh, oh, I know. You and Mr. Mason saved the world.”
A maniacal laugh echoed in my ears as the fire popped. “I sure did, Billy! I saved the whole goddamn world.” Meat juice ran down my chin and hands. “And what are you going to do when you grow up, Billy? Fuck it all up again?”
My armband came to life, startling me out of my manic episode. Realizing what I’d been doing, I blushed then answered the call.
Mason glowed before me. “Alaric.”
I put down the bones and wiped my hands on my under suit. “Mason. Hey.”
“Where are you?”
I rolled my eyes, annoyed at the sudden interaction. “At the party. I’ll be home after midnight.”
“Hilarious. Seriously. Where are you?”
I looked around at the landscape robbed of color. It was ringed with spruce covered rolling hills, and a few dilapidated buildings in the distance. Odd to think that just a couple hundred years ago this would have been covered in snow and permafrost.  Behind me lay the last rise we’d galloped over. For a moment I stared at it, then gave him the coordinates. 
“Only another week or so, eh?” he said.
“That’s my guess. I saw her, you know.”
His face tensed. “When? Where?”
“Yesterday, headed along the old highway. She has a biobike but I think I can outrun her if I stick by the coast.”
“You can’t let her get there first, Alaric.”
My eyes narrowed at his tone. “Of course. I know that. What the hell do you think I’m doing?”
“Sorry. It’s just…I’ve been up here, alone, for so long—”
“Trust me. That I understand. Don’t worry. We won’t be alone much longer.” 
He nodded. “Thanks. Thanks for everything. Without you we’d be lost for sure.”
“Your messiah’s on his way.” I grinned, and he grinned with me. 
“What are you going to do about the horde? Have you figured out why they’re following you?”
I glanced up at the nearest dark ridge again. “I don’t know.”
“Well, let’s call it a night,” he said abruptly. “Although it’s sort of always night up here.”
“I’ll talk to you later, Mase.”
After we signed off, I stared at the glowing embers, partially burnt particles of carbon untouched by oxygen. Soon they would be oxidized minerals, ashes to ashes, but I saw something beautiful, something magical that pulled at me and moved my soul as it had moved many through the ages. Still transfixed on the bright orange glow, my spine lifted, my arms rose, my foot extended, the other followed, and soon I was weaving, crouching, dipping, and spinning around these candescent embers. Without further thought, I stripped down to my bare skin and felt the alternating bite of cold night air and burning fire as my dancing became more wild, more raw, more…ancient. 
Heat reached its soft warm hands up my calves and drew me closer. I was bewitched. I was ancient chemistry and magic. A low rhythmic sound vibrated from deep within my throat and soon I was even chanting a nonsensical soliloquy up to the stars. Like a whirling dervish, I danced around the fire, singing the silence into a captive audience. Countless generations, endless strands of genetic code, wove together and I pounded my feet across their trails and upon their graves, raising the dust of the dead. I eventually found myself circling towards the last hill we’d come over, following my own drums. 
The one thing I had failed to tell Mason was that I was no longer able to tell the difference between the real Eden, and my own hallucinations. For all I knew, that Eden on the biobike could have been a mirage. For all I knew, she could be dead. I stopped suddenly. Sweat dripped down my body warm from dance and flame, and my face twitched.
“You think I’m dead?”
My heart skipped in alarm. “Jesus, Eden, don’t sneak up on me like that.”
I couldn’t really see her, just the faint idea of her standing a few feet in front of me, an outline, a breath, a glint of white eye. 
“Sneak up on you?” She laughed. “You snuck up on yourself. So, am I her, or not?”
“You’re not real.” A slight breeze carrying the promise of more rain tousled both our hair. Fascinating how detailed our mind could be when it came to hallucinations. Then again, with only me to question myself, where did agreement on reality and dreams begin?
“Maybe I am just in your head,” she said, turning away from me. “But are they?”
I hadn’t noticed the corpses cresting the hill. Shocked, I quickly stepped back before stopping myself. 
“How did they get here so fast?” I gasped at her. “They were miles behind us.”
She gave what I imagined to be a smug look, and I saw her hand move to her face. “Hmm, I wonder.”
The horde had reached the top of the ridge, and was now descending into the valley, coming towards us. A chill, not just from the air, made me shiver.
“What do they want?” I demanded, not taking my eyes off the thousands of weaving and bobbing heads. The hill looked like it had turned into bubbling, black liquid. “Eden?”
Grasses dancing with the wind were my only answer. I was alone once more. They were a quarter of a mile away, but it sounded like the earth was being dragged along with them, the air being sucked into cavernous lungs, and expelled through gaping mouths of putrified gums. 
“What do you want?” I screamed at them. “What do you want?” My face flushed, my stomach ached, and my fingernails dug into my palms, but still I yelled. “Leave me alone!”
My cries fell on deaf ears as I inched away and they inched forward. A few yards from my smoldering fire, I stopped. It took every ounce of will power, but I waited for them to reach me. I could hear Bucky running around and snorting behind me, and I didn’t blame him for wanting to run off, but he stayed.
At first I thought they were going to trample right over me, but like a flock of skeletal crows, they slowly came to a halt a few feet away. Not one of them looked at me. Watching them warily, I put my under-suit back on and stepped over to stand in my cloud of nanos. Reanimated, they quickly climbed up me like a swarm of ants. For a moment, I considered galloping off, considered trying to ignore them, and finally I just yelled again. Nothing. No response. 
I took a couple steps forward and screamed again. I heard the sound echo along the valley, agitating no one except Buck and perhaps a few skittish rodents. I walked straight up to the nearest emaciated figure, a woman. The faint glow of the dying fire cut stark shadows into her cheekbones and ribs with orange flickering light. My lungs filled to their full capacity, and I screamed into her face. Strands of her lanky hair actually fluttered from my breath. 
Blank stare.
I swung my arm up and clocked her in the jaw. Her neck twisted and she fell like a sack of disembodied limbs, knocking over a couple others on her way down. 
I was panting hard, and shaking my hand. None of them even blinked. After a minute, she moved and awkwardly stood back up, her jaw askew and blood running from missing teeth. I knocked her down again. Then, like an enraged bull, I snapped and knocked another, then another, then another to the ground. Blood, teeth, and cracking bone filled the quiet night, and it didn’t end until dawn drew near. When complete exhaustion finally overcame me, I crumpled to the ground, gasping between sobs, surrounded by everything I despised in myself. And there I passed out, cocooning my battered, bloody fists.
I awoke to a high sun and Eden bending over me.
“Get up, you bum.”
My eyes couldn’t open, it was too bright and my whole body ached. “What?” I croaked, trying to sit up. “Where are we? How much did I drink?”
She scoffed. “You weren’t drinking at a party, you idiot.”
I looked around, the horde came into focus, and I jumped to my feet. They must have wandered further away during the night after my rampage, but now all five thousand of them blanketed the valley to the top of the hill. I flinched as my fingers in my right hand flexed. My nanos had already healed my cuts and bruises, and possibly fractured bone.
“That was some bar fight. All for my honor I assume,” Eden said with a smile.
Turning away, I painfully walked back to camp. There was something I needed to do. Bucky whickered nearby, relieved to see me. 
“Hey pal,” I said. “You’re still here.” The ground was torn to shreds where he’d been galloping in circles all night. Guilt shot through my veins, but I shook it off and rummaged around through the saddlebags. 
“You’re wasting time,” said Eden.
“No, I’m not.” I pushed past her, the items clutched protectively to my chest as I strode back towards the horde.
She was usually near the front, but there were thousands of faces above hers so sometimes it took me half a day to find her.
“Cassie!” I yelled, walking along and scanning the outside of the mob. “Cassie!”
I don’t know why I called, she never answered, habit I guess. After awhile, I decided to wade through the bodies, trying not to retch up my last meal every time a bony arm or shoulder touched mine. I continued to call until I eventually found her. I shoved aside a tall corpse in a ragged suit that had once meant he was high status in society, and knelt down next to Cassie. Her hair was falling out, her skin sallow, and most of her clothes had fallen away. 
“Hey, sweetie,” I said, stroking what was left of her beautiful hair. “I got you something.”
I reached down and lifted her left foot. The remnants of a shoe fell away. 
“They’re not the ones you wanted, but I hope you like them anyway.”
Carefully, gently, I pulled away the synthetic fabric from her little feet and slid the new shoes, the ones I’d found in the temple, over her battered toenails. They slid on easily over the slick blood from the constant scrape of stones and dirt. The nanos were growing weary of keeping a starving corpse alive. Even just the simple task of repairing scrapes and bruises was becoming too much for them. How much longer would these carcasses continue to move before they collapsed in a heap of decayed matter like Sasha? If I could, I’d disintegrate every last one, but our suits weren’t capable of such mass genocide, only nanoweapons were. 
I sealed the shoes around her ankles, and she stared unblinkingly at the sea of backbones in front of her.
“There you go, Cass.” I patted her protruding backbone. “Those should hold up for a little while. Not much further now.”
The spruce trees shivered in a gust of chilled wind as I stood up and pushed my way through the mob of corpses.


2280 A.D.
Ten seconds before the New Year.

“Ten, nine, eight, seven, six,” we all chanted from the back deck to the night sky. “Five, four, three, two, one!”
On cue, the fireworks went off from our field, and everyone cheered. Someone spilled some drink down my back, but I spilled on someone’s head, so I shrugged it off and hollered louder. The fireworks were spectacular as usual. Accompanied by visual effects from our Op-Gs, they were a cornucopia of colors, shapes, and animation. An animated explosion of horses running in a giant circle, accompanied by an explosion of our logo, got the crowd really riled up. A flurry of hands were slapping and patting my back in gratitude, for all the free food, booze, and virtual entertainment as I slowly made my way to the other side of the deck.
I caught a glimpse of Eden, but continued pushing past people until a hand clamped around my arm. In annoyance, I turned to see her holding out a drink. 
“Here,” she yelled over the noise. “I made you a drink.”
“I don’t want it, but thanks.” I tried to pull free, but her grip tightened.
“No,” she said rather pointedly. “Drink it. It’s the best drink you’ll ever have.” 
My eyes narrowed as I looked between her desperate face and the proffered glowing blue drink. “I said I don’t want it.”
I took a step away, again she held fast. This time I swung my arm up, breaking her grip. “What the hell, Eden?”
“Take it,” she yelled, startling me with her almost angry demand.
My fingers curled around the glass, and I saw relief melt down her shoulders. “I just,” she said, “I just spent so much time on it, and really wanted to share it with you, to give you something. It’s really good.” 
My eyebrow rose at her odd rambling. “‘K,” I replied. 
She smiled, and I quickly extracted myself from the situation. Were both she and Sasha on drugs or something? I guess I would find out tomorrow at the dome, but for now I just wanted to be with my family. I found Cassie and Celine, along with a few other people, at the corner of the deck, watching the ongoing fireworks display. Cassie squealed as millions of rainbow colored butterflies exploded from a huge golden flower. She wore virtual glasses, being too young for the computer contacts still. Absently, I took a sip from the drink in my hand, before remembering where it came from. I grimaced for a moment then laughed at myself. What did I think, that it was poisoned? In fact, it really was quite good.
“Hey, handsome,” said Celine.
I put my arms around both of them, and Cassie snuggled up against my side.
“This is awesome, dad!”
“I—” then my smile faded along with my reply.
“What?” said Cassie, following my gaze to another blue drink sitting on the railing. Celine was also looking at me. 
“I, uh, want you to go to bed after the fireworks, okay?”
She started to protest but I gave her the stare, and she rolled her eyes before turning them back to the show. I would get the silent treatment for the next twenty minutes or so. I put my elbows up to the railing, and knocked the glass down into the crystal sculptures of frolicking dolphins that surrounded this side of the deck. I watched the glass shatter and burst into a nebula of glittering shards, spilling countless droplets of blue liquid.
“Dad!” whined Cassie, peering over the edge. “That was my drink.”
Surprised, I looked from my pouting ten-year-old’s face to my wife’s.
“I’m sorry, sweetie,” I said. “It was an accident. I thought it was your mother’s.”
“No,” she said, like I was an idiot of the ‘nth degree. “It was for kids. It didn’t have anything adult in it.”
I looked back at Celine who just gave me a smirk. My stomach clenched with a knot of anxiety. Why would Eden give Cassie and me a drink, but not Celine? My mouth dry, and heart pounding, I stared down at the unnaturally blue liquid in my own glass. 
“Shut up.”
It was a distant shout, muffled by the celebration, so none of us registered the man at first.
“Shut up!” 
This time the people nearer to him looked up as he continued to yell in the middle of the crowd. Like a wave sliding up sand, the chatter and laughter slowed, then ceased, and we all turned to observe the commotion. 
“What’s going on, dad?”
Celine and I locked eyes, and she nodded.
“Go with mom, okay. It’s time for bed.”
She didn’t protest this time as I hugged her goodnight, and Celine ushered her away from the rising tension. After they left, I gave Eden’s drink a scowl and dumped it off the balcony. It took me a moment to understand what was going on. The man had stopped yelling, but now others gasped, or yelled, and the crowd began to buzz with agitation.
“What’s going on?” I said to the couple next to me who were staring into space with matching expressions of confused shock.
The woman waved a dismissive hand at me. “UNN,” she said. “Switch to UNN. You won’t fucking believe this! Oh my God.” Her glass tilted in her fingers, spilling onto my shoe, and I stepped back.
UNN, I thought, and my Op-G switched from the programmed fireworks to the United National News. My knees nearly gave way as the newscaster’s voice cut in, and a horrific image swam before my eyes.
“…hundreds of millions have died in the streets, in their homes, cars, supermarkets, airplanes falling in mid-flight”—the newscaster was clearly agitated himself, even frightened—“It’s been over a hundred years since such an atrocity has occurred, a”—he paused for a moment and rubbed his brow, processing the words swimming before his own eyes—“I’ve just been informed that the U.N. is taking immediate steps to quarantine the United Northern Asian regions, and find those responsible behind this mass genocide. They urge everyone around the globe to stay indoors, and if any information regarding terrorist activity…”
I had heard enough. Along with several others, I turned to leave the now defunct party. One last firework exploded before the pyrotechnic must have received the news. All three hundred of my guests were shoving and pushing to leave as quickly as possible. Not one person even looked in my direction, but all had panic in their eyes, their Op-G’s unable to counteract such extreme terror. Sweat drenched my shirt as I made my way through the dissipating throngs, entered my home, and rushed upstairs to Cassie’s room. Celine was quietly backing out of the self-sealing door when I came onto the landing. 
“Shh, shh,” she hushed, raising her hands in a placating gesture. “She’s fine. She’s asleep.”
We both strode a ways down the hall then Celine broke down.
“What the fuck is going on, Alaric?!”
“I don’t know,” I said, grabbing her flailing arms. “I don’t know. But we have to get the safe-base ready, okay?” I bent my head to catch her frantically wandering eyes. She looked at me with nostrils flared, and tears swimming behind her enhanced lenses. “Okay?” She nodded. “We’re going to start preparing it, and if things get worse, we’ll all be safe there. Celine?”
Her gaze had wandered, but when she looked at me, I saw a depth of fear that logical thought would never penetrate. Drawing her in close, I just held her. The memory of when we first met, seventy years ago, floated up, and a wave of emotion smothered me, but I held it back. Even though much had changed, even though our relationship had all but disappeared, she was my mate, and Cassie was our one great creation. I couldn’t let anything happen to them.














2281 A.D.
Present

It had been raining for the past two days, and Bucky’s hooves made a slurping rhythm as we walked. We had passed through a few cities, and come across another pack of nogs, but the horde was always right behind us. It didn’t take long for them to eradicate the creatures. I never saw them move faster than a shuffle, but I assumed they must have been running for they kept appearing over rises, or around corners, when least expected. Every time I caught their weaving bodies out of the corner of my eye, shivers shimmied down my skin. 
“Sing with me, Buck,” I said, watching the snow-capped mountains on the horizon draw nearer. “They’ll be comin’ round the mountain when they come.”
Buck turned an ear in my direction, but didn’t join in.
“They’ll be comin’ round the mountain when they come. They’ll be comin’ round the mountain, they’ll be comin’ round the mountain. They’ll be comin’ round the mountain when they come.”
I looked behind at the mass of ambling corpses a few yards behind. Silent stares and slack jaws gaped at me. Turning back around, my voice rose with gusto, and I added some theatrical arm gestures. “They’ll be shufflin’ like dead zombies when they come!” Buck started tossing his head. “They’ll be shufflin’ like dead zombies when they come! They’ll be—”
I saw it. Her biobike, racing up the mountain pass far ahead of us. It was just a glint, but it sent my heart racing. 
“Shit.”
Even before it seemed I’d made a conscious decision, Buck pranced forward then shot away like a canon, leaving the horde far behind. At that moment, an annoying flash in my peripheral poked through my anxious excitement. It flashed again. Closing my eyes for a moment, I sighed, then activated the link.
“Alaric.” Mason’s voice was curt.
“What?” I shouted over the wind and hoof beats.
“What’s going on?”
It was something in his tone that scraped my skin like particles of sand.
“What do you mean?”
His eyes narrowed. “I mean, where are you?”
I hesitated. 
“Where are you, Alaric?”
I told him.
Relief melted his furrowed brow. “You must get to her. Get to her before she gets to me, for God’s sake. And no more singing.” He winked.
My heart nearly stopped, but I just smiled. “Right.”
He returned the smile. “Good thing you’re not the last.”
“Or the ugliest.”
His image evaporated, and I bit dry lips.
How the hell did he know that I had been singing?
With a sense of being followed, I slowly craned my eyes, then my neck around to view the scene behind me, and there they were: the horde. All five thousand of them were racing after us in a manner I thought impossible. Their skeletal bodies jerked and thrashed forward like possessed marionettes, their heads lolling as if attached by ill-sewn thread. Bucky’s ears laid flat, his nostrils flared, and I could tell he felt the cold fear coursing through my veins. I wasn’t sure of the exact connection, but a sickening realization was beginning to grow in my stomach. Was Mason somehow controlling the horde? Watching my every move through their vacant stares?
“Jesus,” I breathed, still throwing wide-eyed glances behind my shoulders at the thundering mob. 
“Jesus isn’t here,” said a familiar voice.
Buck came to a screeching halt, and reared, but it didn’t shake her. Eden clutched my waist harder, her fingers digging into my sides. My elbow swung up and around, and clocked her in the face. 
“Get off!” I yelled, trying to dislodge her incredible grip, but she held fast. 
I couldn’t quite twist far enough to see her face, and every time I tried to punch or swing, it didn’t loosen her suffocating hug. My panic was affecting Buck who kept prancing, turning in circles, and tossing his head. 
“Better run,” she murmured in my ear, her breath warm, and real.
The horde was nearly upon us, and all I could see were their wide, but perhaps not so sightless eyes. Buck, without command, pivoted and launched into a mad dash away from the advancing wall of decaying flesh. Eden laughed hysterically at the back of my head, and my awareness latched onto the mountains dripping in snow. I was losing it: the last nuance of my sanity, of my humanity.
“Why are you chasing me?” Eden asked.
“To stop you.”
“Why?”
“Because if I don’t,” I said, “you’ll kill all of us.”
“But don’t you love me?”
My eyes squeezed shut, trying to dam the flood of tears. “Of course I do.”
“But you love humanity more?”
Bucky’s gallop was starting to soothe me. I felt her grip relax, and when I turned my head, she was receding behind us as if we’d just passed her.
“We are humanity,” I yelled back as the horde enveloped her phantom form. 
If it weren’t for my tiny tireless doctors, I would’ve had chapped and bleeding lips as we ascended into the mountain pass. Gusts of chilly wind slapped at my face, and the scent of coppery snow, collisions of countless crystals, rode its rolling currents. The nanos would keep us warm even at sub-zero temperatures, but what would happen with the horde? As Bucky continued to gallop up the winding old road, I looked behind, searching for her. Then, not being able to stand the thought, I commanded Buck to turn around. I had to go back for Cassie.



























2281 A.D.
Eight hours after the New Year

Celine and I prepared the underground bunker that people of our social class were lucky enough to have.  It could withstand almost any attack, but it had remained untested against invisible nanoweapons. In the face of uncertainty, where quantum science was concerned, we’d have to pray it would protect us. Cassie had awoken the next morning already aware of the situation from her friends and the myriad of social networks on her Cell. A cell had once been called a phone, but now it was essentially an Op-G device wrapped around her hand and arm. Youth under the age of sixteen were not allowed any implants. 
“Are we gonna be okay?” she kept asking every ten minutes.
“Yeah, sweetie, we’ll be fine. We have the bunker, and they’ll probably catch the—” I paused. Catch whom? So far there had been no leads. Even the known terrorists they’d caught seemed to be as frightened and clueless as the rest of us especially considering half of the usual suspects had been wiped out. Cassie stared at me, waiting for me to finish.
“Go find your mother,” I said, ushering her upstairs. “She probably needs help picking out what dresses to save.”
“Dad,” she whined, giving me an exasperated look. “I’m ten now. You don’t have to talk to me like I’m five.” 
I chuckled. “You’re right. But I really do need to go to this meeting.”
My company, the leading nanotechnology firm in the world, had called an emergency meeting in light of recent events.  Eyes and fingers were beginning to turn towards us, and we quickly had to deflect them. But I had no intention of going to work. Sasha would be waiting for me at the dome.
Cassie left, and I watched her brown hair bounce up the spiraling stairs as she took them in leaping strides. She’d always hated having stairs, an ancient, uncool, way of having to use our limbs in order to get from one place to another. Since turning ten, and becoming more concerned with social status, she’d begun complaining about not having lifts, which were rising and descending platforms somewhat like the old American elevator. I hoped to hear her complain about it for many years to come, but I feared lifts would be the least of our worries very soon.
With a deep breath, I turned and left to meet with Sasha.







2281 A.D.
Present

As we made our way back down the old road, the gathered clouds began to release flurries of white ice. My metasuit responded by covering every molecule of my skin except for my eyes. The bots even covered my lips when they were closed. Genius little machines. I probably looked like I’d just been dunked in oil, though I liked to think of myself as looking like a highly advanced ninja. But all my imagined ninja-prowess could not prepare me for what would happen at the top of the pass.     
The wind was beginning to howl with its ballet of snowflakes when I dismounted at the pass, looking for Cass. The corpses in front of the rest were slipping and flailing through the dusting of new snow. Just as I was wondering how Mason was controlling them, a terrible shriek echoed through the silence. My heart burst into rapid thuds then nearly stuttered to a standstill when I saw the scene a few yards behind me.
Bucky was thrashing and screaming in the snow. His armor was trying every defense it could to protect its life form within from the massive beast lunging and roaring towards it. A nog. Not just any nog, a rare nog meant for illegal fighting rings. Standing eleven feet to the shoulder with a polar bear-like body covered in thick armored plates like rhino hide, it held a giant head of chelicerae fangs, compound eyes, and a horn meant to spread an opponent’s intestines like jelly. Without hesitation, I synced my suit with Bucky’s. 
The nog swiped a paw of foot long claws at Bucky’s exposed belly. His armor shifted and rushed to fully protect his underside, just as mine rushed in to help, but a second too late. As those claws ripped through nanobots, through skin, and bright red blood splashed across the purified landscape, I became possessed with rage. With a silent command, my entire suit reached its tentacles out and enveloped the monstrous nog in a black shroud. The creature rose and whirled, slashing at the cloud, saliva flying through the wind as the nanos began to tear its atoms apart. 
Layer by layer, like sloughing skin, the abomination disintegrated first into a hideless creature, still madly roaring, then quickly into a quivering mound of meat, until finally it was nothing more than a dark red stain surrounded by an ivory world. 
That’s when I noticed Bucky. In my blind anger, I hadn’t realized that I’d run towards the beast and come between it and my last true friend. A warm nose softly nudged the back of my arm, and I turned my head to see large brown eyes looking into mine. 
“Hey, buddy,” I whispered. I rotated and raised my hand, but then lowered it, letting my cold tears be swept away with snow-devils. 
His black coat, now devoid of the nearly destroyed nanosuit, glowed like a nebula. All that remained were some thin strips of underwiring I’d adhered all over his body to create his unique suit of armor.  Crimson suns, drop by drop, fell to the ground from his wound and took his life with them. Bucky didn’t have medibots as I did. He might be genetically created to survive far beyond his ancestor’s years, but he was not immortal, and he was mortally wounded.
I tried to say something soothing, but my throat constricted. He pushed his nose under my arm, and I laid my head against his warm cheek that smelled of horse and earth. After what seemed longer than all my lonely years, I stepped away, and looked around. The horde was standing silently a ways down the road nearly obscured by the increasing gusts of snow. An insistent flash stabbed for my attention. Mason.
I barely wondered how long he’d been trying to hail me when I answered.
“What the fuck?” his ghostly image yelled.
I didn’t answer.
“Where is she? Where’s Eden, Alaric?”
My eyes focused on Bucky, standing with ears perked towards me, waiting for guidance. My gaze dropped to the blood mixed with snowy hoof-prints. “It was a diversion. I saw her turn around behind us. She must have been hiding. Waiting for us to pass by and encounter the nog.”
Mason’s face contorted in suppressed anger, but a second later he masked it with calm irritation. “Get to her,” he said slowly. “Wherever she is.” With a glower he cut the connection.
“Let’s get out of here,” I said quietly to Bucky when I walked over to him. “Can you do that for me?”
As if understanding, which I didn’t doubt he did in some way, he threw his head up and down, making me smile. He was so willing to help, no matter what. I climbed onto his back, but this time there were no bots to sync us together. Almost my entire suit was hovering near the nog, waiting for me to return to them, but I didn’t dismount. My hand reached up to the compass-like device attached to my chest where the branching electric veins stemmed from. With a press of my thumbprint, the glowing veins slithered up my legs, arms, and body, and disappeared into the contraption. It detached from my under-suit, fell into my palm, and without hesitation, I flung it into the storm. There was no rational explanation just that I suddenly felt tainted, and more vulnerable with than without it.
The wind was starting to throw fists of snow, and the horde began to slowly make its way back down the mountain. With a glance back, I searched for Cassie, but I knew I wouldn’t see her. She would have to be left behind. It burned my heart to know that she was being used by Mason like a puppet. My teeth ground together then I took a deep breath, and synced my mind with Bucky’s.
Pain shot through my entire body, and I threw myself from Bucky’s back. Tearing my mind from his, I sat gasping in the snow, and coughing on icy air. In surprise, Bucky had jumped away from my fall and stood snorting at me as if to say, “What’s wrong? Another predator?”
I stared at him in awe. How could a creature in so much blinding pain still be able to even stand? Was it his genetic enhancements, or was it just the nature of his kind? And here I was asking him to trust me, to gallop through a snowstorm. I nearly retched at my own selfishness. After climbing onto his tall back once more, I synced again. 
This time I used every mind technique I had ever learned and deflected the pain, not just from myself but from Bucky’s mind as well. I felt his whole body relax like I’d injected him with morphine. This was going to exhaust me, but I couldn’t let him suffer when I was asking him for the impossible. The flash came from behind my contacts. Mason again. I ignored it even though it continued to increase. Mason could go to hell.
“All right,” I said in a heavy voice, patting Bucky’s neck. “We can do this.”
 “Daddy.”
My veins froze to icicles.
It was so quiet, nearly inaudible through the moans of the mountains, but it was enough to send my heart frantically thudding and echoing in my ears like rolling boulders. I hadn’t heard her voice in so long.
“Daddy.”
Eyes wide, I turned my head around, slowly, terrified, yet overjoyed, to see her standing there alone, rags and hair whipping in the wind. One of her eyes had been pecked out and her skin was taught around her bones like a bruised drum, but at least her feet wore the shoes I always made sure to give her. 
“Come with us, daddy,” she said in a monotone voice so unlike the Cassie I used to know. My stomach turned as I watched her speak like a possessed marionette. Her lips and cheeks, torn by time, made her speech difficult to understand, but I understood all too well what Mason was trying to do.
The rest of the horde was nowhere to be seen. Only my little Cassie stood at the bend, waiting and watching. Jaw clenched, and breathing heavily, I turned Bucky to face her and tried to speak.
“Go—” my voice cracked and I cleared my throat—“Go on. I’ll catch up.”
“Where are you going, daddy?”
The corner of my mouth and eye twitched. “Don’t do this,” I said to the man behind her eyes. “Goddammit, Mason.” My lips trembled and turned into a snarl. “You sick fuck.”
Her head tilted. “You’re good, daddy, not bad. Help us.”
I closed my eyes then slowly opened them. My hand reached into the unharmed high-tech saddlebags still strapped to Buck’s shoulders, then they clamped around the object. Between each heartbeat, I delicately withdrew the weapon.  A less technological but still useful item in case technology failed. It glinted in my hand as I slid from Bucky’s back and approached my daughter.
Her head tilted to look up at me, emotionless, mindless. This was not Cassie no matter how many shoes I found for her. Cassie had died along with everyone else. With a deep inhale my fist cramped as it gripped the large knife and on my exhale, I plunged it into her heart. 
She gave absolutely no reaction as her skinny legs crumpled. I caught her as she fell into my arms, twitched, and went still. The nanos would be unable to cope with such a wound. I screamed. It didn’t matter that she was just a reanimated corpse, it had been all that was left of her, and I, her own father, had destroyed even that. I was a monster. My wail seemed to give strength to the storm as it pounded against my face, slicing tiny cuts into my flesh that instantly healed over and again from the razor sharp ice shards.
Bucky’s knees began to bend, and he sank to the snow before I realized that he too was feeling my overwhelming sorrow. 
“No,” I gasped, still hugging Cassie’s corpse tight to my chest. “Get up. Get up.”
When I finally let her go and straightened up, Bucky stood back up with me. My contacts were demanding my attention. Mason would continue to hail me until I went blind, so for the first time in over one hundred years, my fingers, growing numb from the freezing temperatures, fumbled for the lenses and extracted them. Only then did I realize how blurred my actual vision had become. Palm outstretched, I let the wind rip them away into a world I could no longer see. Everything was a white haze. My medibots would eventually fix my vision, but for now I would have to fully trust Buck. 
With one last squinting look down the empty road now a crystallized river, I tried to make out Cassie’s form, but everything was a blur. Synced once more with Bucky, and diverting his pain and mine as well as I could, we turned and trotted into the rising storm.





















2281 A.D.
Fifteen hours after the New Year

“Let me go!” I shouted into his face.
Sasha raised his hands. “Alaric, just—”
“I have to get back!”
I had gone to the dome, a massive monument to the billions lost in the first nanocide only to be forced into a vehicle, and driven to some underground location. I was enraged because merely eight hours after being abducted, the entire UNN had reported mass genocide across the United American Continent, then all went silent.
“I have to get to Cassie,” I practically sobbed through the cell window where I was being held. 
“She’ll be fine,” said Sasha, giving me a sympathetic look. “We’re going to get her. Honestly, I wish we could have saved everyone but it happened before we could—”
“Sasha.”
He looked around, and Eden walked into the room. 
“We’re going up top,” she said. 
I caught her gaze. She looked like she’d seen a ghost, her eyes swimming with tears. She turned and whispered something to Sasha, then glanced at me. Sasha pursed his lips and nodded, then without a word to me, she left.
“Sasha,” I growled, pressing my face against the bars. “What the hell is going on? Where am I?”
He truly looked like a man destroyed when he turned to me. “We tried,”—his eyes danced around like they were searching for the right words—“We would have—” He took a deep breath then said, “Everyone’s gone, Alaric.”
I heard his words but didn’t understand them as I blinked and licked my lips. “What…what do you mean ‘gone,’ Sasha?”
Tears were actually leaking from his dark eyes. “I mean, what we feared most, another nanocide, has happened, but this time—” He choked up before continuing—“but this time, I think we’re the only ones left.”
Dizziness overtook me, and I steadied myself against the wall. “Who?” I whispered, closing my eyes. “Who is left?”
“Maybe fifty.”
“Fifty?!” My hand slipped off the wall, and I glared into his eyes. “Fifty?”
He dropped his gaze. “We had a way of stopping it, but we weren’t fast enough. Only those of us that ingested the anti-nanos were protected.”
My eye twitched. “Anti-nanos?”
He stared straight through me. “A form of bot that could combat the nanoweapons, and keep us safe. Eden, Derik, and I developed them, in secret because it would’ve taken too long to get off the ground, and we didn’t have that much time. We were going to reveal them to NanoTech, and the public when we found out…but then it happened, too fast, too soon, and all we could do—”
“Sasha,” I snapped, cutting off his ramble. “What-did-you-do? Why did you say Cassie would be all right? Where is she?”
His face melted with sympathy, but before he could answer some men walked into the room and he turned away from me.
























2281 A.D.
Present

Bucky stumbled onwards because the one he trusted had asked him to. We were literally the blind leading the blind. 
The horde was lost behind us. Even if they could make it through the raging snowstorm, they would be at least a day behind us. That is, if the cold, or a cliff, or worse didn’t claim us first. How was Eden surviving this? My under suit and medibots were at least keeping me alive, not warm, but alive, and Bucky kept trudging through the drifts. Eden would have abandoned her biobike a long time ago. Time had frozen along with the landscape as we climbed higher and higher into the mountain pass. Sometimes moans and echoing sounds made me frantically look around, but all I could see was absence: absence of color, absence of bearing, absence of life. 
I must have passed out at some point because I awoke to find myself on the ground, Bucky standing nearby with head hung low. Our mind’s had severed and he was in grave pain again. Sweat covered his shuddering body, and the moans I’d heard were emanating from deep within his chest. He was dying. 
Quickly I synced our minds again and relieved him of his pain. Pushing myself up, I stumbled over to my faithful steed, realizing how weak I was becoming. I shivered to think what it would be like to be starving, but never dying because of this miraculous technology. What a blessing, to be in never ending starvation, never ending pain. I laid my hand on Bucky’s side then leaned against him. He had stopped shivering, and I finally found the strength to open my eyes, now healed, and see the world with my own eyes since I was eighteen all those decades ago. It was one of the most beautiful visions I’d ever witnessed.
Somehow, through some miracle beyond science and reason, Bucky had brought us through the storm, and over the pass to a plateau overlooking a valley. There I stood in silent awe. For miles below stretched a valley sliced with rivers so blue it looked like the earth was torn parchment stretched over sky. Ringed with snow-dusted mountains on one side, the lush valley glowed with sunlight, eventually melting into a dark, foam streaked ocean on the horizon. A rainbow arced across billowing gray clouds while hundreds of sun-hummers darted by like burning jewels. My eyes followed the prismatic bridge. In shock I realized my vision wasn’t blurred, I had just become used to the enhancements of my contacts. I was seeing as I had been born to see.
“We’re almost there, my friend,” I said to Bucky, patting his back. “Then it’ll all be over.”
He tossed his head in agreement, and followed me down the winding road to the glowing valley where the shuttle waited to take us to the Azimuth, to our salvation. 


2281 A.D.
Three weeks after the new year

After learning that my Op-G had been extracted and that they expected me to join them, I’d convinced Sasha that I was on his side. Now I was finally racing on a biobike back home. Eden and some fifty year-old kid named Brick—stupid name—had tried to come with, but I’d lost them a few streets back. Brick was a stupid name for a stupid kid who didn’t deserve to live when my Cassie should have. She was supposed to grow up, to live a long, wondrous life full of discovery and exploding stars. The roads were littered with bodies, or what was left of them. 
The nanoweapons had dissolved many, but not all. Strangely, some were left nearly intact while most were just a pile of bloody clothing and ash. My teeth almost cracked I was clenching my jaw so tight. My mind still wasn’t accepting the truth. I kept trying to access the UNN, or any broadcast for that matter, but all were dark. I then tried hailing every person I had ever known, only to be answered with silence, but again I tried, and tried.
When I reached my home, a state of the art, high tech, fortified mansion, the best that money could buy, I found nothing but death. I practically crashed through the poly-glass doors as they shot open, and I raced upstairs, to find Celine, or what had once been Celine.
I shouted when I fell to my knees, but it wasn’t Celine’s name that ricocheted down the empty hall. I shouted for Cassie. Rampaging through the entire house, I couldn’t find her. My heart began to hope, despite Sasha informing me otherwise weeks ago. 
“Cass!” I yelled down every hallway, every room, into every corner of the building.
No answer. 
Bucky.
Maybe she’s with Bucky, my mind rationalized. It was possible she could have survived on her own all this time. She was smart.
Energized, I dashed outside, down the long driveway, and across the grounds to the stables. Friendly, hungry whickers greeted me, but still no Cassie. Buck arched his handsome neck through his stall window and nickered at me. No. Not at me. He didn’t greet me like that. There was only one person he ever gave that greeting to.
Whipping my head around, my hopeful smile disappeared into horrified shock. Cassie stood at the entrance to the stables, but she was no longer the Cassie I had known. 








2281 A.D.
three months after new year

Time ceased to exist. It became light and dark, cold and warm, flowers and golden hills, even though my contacts continued to display numbers with their internal clock, they became meaningless. Just like my life, everything became meaningless. Strange how when societal demands and labels break down, when even your own name holds no meaning because there’s no one to use it, your sense of self becomes basic. Like all other life around me, I became action and reaction, survive or die. Anything more was too painful. 
But I bore my cross as long as I could. Cassie, or what had once been Cassie, sat in front of me as Buck walked across fields, deserts, and mountains. At first, I had tried talking to her, tried to grasp at a flash of prior consciousness, but her light was gone. Slowly her hair fell out, her nails grew and broke, her skin bruised, and she disintegrated before my eyes. When I could no longer stroke her hair, when her eyes continued to look past me, when she stank of breathing decay, I finally released her. Along with the others, she shuffled behind, lost in an amorphous mass of regenerated flesh. 
I had played along for awhile, pretending to be on Sasha’s side, pretending to want to destroy the Azimuth, and thus any future for humanity. But as soon as they gave me a metasuit, I used it to kill them all. All but Sasha and Eden, who escaped. 
For all I knew, those last fifty-seven technicians had been the very last of humanity, but my own was slipping away through cracks of wrathful insanity. My rancor was aimed at the only ones left to blame for this atrocity, but they were just mirrors, reflections of the person I truly resented, so I shattered every single one, but my own.
Now it was just me and Mason, the last living technician left on the Azimuth. He had been secretly conversing with me through my contacts via the ship not long after my capture. It was his idea to murder the other technicians, before they could murder our hope.



















2281 A.D.
Present

They’d caught up. Bucky and I were slowly making our way across the expansive plains, towards the shore, when I felt the sensation of being watched. Turning my head, I saw the entire horde above on the pass, heading our way. But this time, I had a feeling that they were after me. Mason was not pleased. I’d killed his favorite puppet, and who knew what suspicions I’d incited.
“Hey, buddy,” I said, as I stopped and turned to him, “Do you think you have it in you?”
His ears perked forward at my voice and he pushed his nose against my shoulder. I patted his neck.
“I’m so sorry, my friend.”
I hauled myself onto his back. It was strange not to feel the metasuit connect to his. I’d have to hold on with nothing but muscle and will power. Through our synced minds, I could feel his own stress at the fast approaching horde, but I could also feel his pain. Taking as much of his agony as I could bear, I commanded him to run. His hooves began to plod faster, then to trot, to lope, and with the last of his strength, gallop. I could sense that he knew he was dying, that the gallop would kill him, but he ran anyway. He ran for me. 




2281 A.D.
one month ago

Sasha kneeled before me, exhausted from the nog attack, his suit destroyed. He was helpless.
“Why me?” I asked, glaring at him. “Why did you force me away from my family right when they needed me most?”
From under dark brows, his shoulders rising and falling, he answered, “Because we needed all the technicians we could get in order to stop the Azimuth. You’re one of the best, Alaric, one of the only that could help us destroy it, and you still can.”
My lip curled. “How did you do it? Why weren’t the fifty–seven of us disintegrated along with the rest?”
Sasha paused for a moment before saying, “The drinks.”
I felt my heart skip a beat.
“Eden gave you and Cassie the drinks at the new year’s party, but Celine wouldn’t accept hers. When she caught Eden tampering with the liquid generator at the bar, she threw her out of the party. Eden was trying to put the anti-nanos in the drinks. We were trying to save as many people that night as we could. You have to believe me, Alaric.”
The entire world imploded into my center. I watched the glass shatter and burst into a cloud of glittering shards, spilling countless droplets of blue liquid. Pain ripped me apart, left me a trembling, sobbing heap inside my own imprisonment. Cassie had never taken a sip of that blue drink before I knocked it from the railing. Sasha had tried to save her while I had killed her.
Through a droplet of liquid in the corner of my eye I watched her smiling face and bouncing hair dance away from me, and I reached my hand out to touch nothing but empty space. 
“Alaric.” The lunatic pleaded with my name and grabbed fistfuls of sand, trying to anchor himself to the world of the living. “If you kill Eden, you kill us all.”
I squinted, reached out my armored hand, and curled my fingers into the shape of a gun. His eyes grew wide as I said, “You’ve already killed her.”
















2281 A.D.
Present

As we raced on, my hand stretched out, reaching for a memory, a ghost. Like being suspended in an embryonic state, I was floating in a world obscured. The present was sliding through my fingers like warm blood. 
“Cassie,” I mumbled.
A thundering noise tore through my waking-nightmare, and I looked around to witness the horde not far behind, throwing their limbs forward like ragdolls on strings. Disconcerting as it was, their erratic, seizure-like movements catapulted them across the terrain more quickly than seemed possible. Then as my fog lifted for a moment, I looked down at Buck to watch beads of blood flying behind us. His breathing was labored, his coat slick with foam, and I felt the weight of his pain a thousand times over.
My mind was breaking. Unable to uplift the enormity of his pain any longer, I let our minds disengage and nearly fell from his back as he stumbled, caught himself, and took a few faltering steps forward. Groans racked through his torn body, and he trembled with my added weight, but his knees did not bend.
“Buck,” I said, laying a hand on his soaking neck. “Stop, buddy. Stop.”
But the horde advanced, and he continued on. 
“Bucky,” I said again, more forcibly. “Hey, whoa!”
He was beginning to trot. I synced our minds again, but was immediately disconnected. Confused, I tried to sync but again was unable to make connection. He was somehow shutting me out. Gripping his body with my legs, and his mane with my hands, I shouted, “Whoa,” many times, but his stride grew longer, his breathing faster and heavier. Soon we were at a gallop once more. The distance stretched between us and the horde with only a trail of red to mark our path. 
At a loss, I allowed myself to be carried towards the shuttle. Trying to see ahead, I wasn’t accustomed to feeling so blind. Wrenching my neck around, I saw that the horde was not far behind. We were so close, if only Eden hadn’t reached the shuttle first. Where had she gone?
Narrowing my eyes, I searched for any sign of her, and finally saw her running from her biobike towards the rocky shore. How had she made it through the pass on that bike? My entire body swelled with fear, and I silently willed Bucky to make it the last stretch of our journey. Eden was going to activate the shuttle.
Bucky was beginning to slow and stumble. I tried to make him at least slow to a walk, but he refused, and stubbornly kept jogging. I took one more look at the flailing corpses then threw myself from Bucky’s back. I rolled through the grass and rocks. Without hesitating, I jumped to my feet and bolted for the shoreline. Buck whinnied, but I ignored his plea, and listened only to the sound of thundering feet. I hoped they would let him be, that I was their prey, not Buck. Then I heard a different set of thudding feet, large and powerful. I risked a glance, and saw Buck still trying to follow me. 
“Goddammit,” I gasped under my breath, but there was nothing I could do. I couldn’t link with him, so I had no way of commanding him to stop.  What was remaining of the horde was nearly on top of us both, and the shuttle was still a few hundred feet away. Then Buck collapsed. 
“Buck!” I yelled, skidding to a stop, and turning back around without thinking. 
He was trying to raise himself, but he groaned, and sank to the blood covered earth. I could see the glaring white eyes of every corpse leading the others. I reached my fallen companion just as the dead fanned out like a flock of vultures and began to surround us. Falling to my knees, I scooped his big head into my lap and bent over him, his brown eyes drowning in agony. 
“Bucky, old friend,” I said, lips trembling, and eyes stinging. “Just stop, okay, buddy? It’s okay. You don’t have to keep going.” I pulled his head further onto my lap, and he groaned, the life quickly fading from him. The horde had grown still and silent, watching us. My last friend was dying, and he needed me. It hadn’t occurred to me until this moment, how much I had needed him. From the very beginning, I had saved him, and he had saved me. Without him I would truly be alone. His breathing was labored and shallow. One last time I tried to link with him, and this time he didn’t fight. I almost passed out and lost the link when his pain washed through me, but I held on, and with immense effort I led him away from the torture.
A lush meadow of green grass waved and glowed with moonlight beneath a starry sky. Buck, whole and full of life, whinnied next to me. A chorus of answering neighs came from his herd on our old farm. I could feel his joy as he trotted off to join his kind. Tossing his head, and prancing with the other horses, I let him slip away. I let him slip through my mind to a place I couldn’t follow. I had brought him home.
Reality rushed back into my consciousness as I was released from his nonexistent consciousness, but not before I glimpsed a flash of something I couldn’t comprehend. With a gasp, my forehead fell against his. I was sweating and shaking from the exertion of diverting all his pain, from giving him one last peaceful moment in this world, and from the enigmatic experience that had flashed across my mind just as he died. 
“I’m sorry,” I whispered, but no more tears came. I couldn’t cry anymore as a detached, complete numbness engulfed me. The last being that had shown me true friendship, true loyalty, was gone. I finally felt enough energy to raise my head. Eden. I had to get up. I had to keep going. 
I knew Mason was watching everything through thousands of eyes, but I no longer cared what his motives were. I laid Buck’s head onto the ground, reached into the saddlebag for the knife, slipped it into my boot then stood up. 
“What do want, Mason?” I snapped, my hands curling into fists. My eyes roved around the horde, staring into every pair of eyes with defiant anger. 
“Others,” all the rotting mouths answered in a gravely, croaking, monotone.
The sound and the words jarred me. My heart gave a stuttering thud. It was such an unnerving and unexpected reply that I stood dumbfounded. 
“Others,” they repeated in unison.
“Others?” I asked. “What are you talking about, Mason?”
“They—are waiting,” was their mysterious reply. I could tell it wasn’t easy for Mason to control their motor functions, especially the tongue and lips.
I narrowed my eyes and slowly turned in circles. Had Mason finally gone mad as well? “What does that mean? Speak plainly!”
“Go,” they said.
“Why are you following me?!” I bellowed.
My balance wavered. It had been many days since my last meal, and I had just lost my last friend. I blinked, and took a deep breath, trying to stay focused. Again my medibots came to the rescue, but only to try and regulate my insulin and cortosol levels. My mind cleared for the moment. 
“Go,” the thousands of voices said to me.
“I know,” I growled. “Stop following me and I will.”
“Must follow,” they chorused. “Others.”
Anger flared into my chest, but I grinned. “You know what, Mase,” I said, raising my arms up. “To hell with you. I’m done being one of your puppets.”
To this Mason seemed to have no reply. Shaking my head, I sank down next to Buck’s body. I looked at him, into his blank eyes now nothing but cellular globs of five hundred million years of evolution. Five hundred million years that could be replicated in a nanotech lab in a matter of days. The hilarity of it. My head cocked to the side, and a feeling of giddy madness washed over me. I began to laugh then howl. My laughter echoed off the mountains, and the horde stood silently.
My hand reached out to touch Buck’s kind face one more time, and I wished for nothing more than to wield that mysterious power of life. I inhaled sharply, and jerked my hand back. I was so terrified for a moment that my medibots couldn’t even begin to calm me down. My hand, it had acted like the metasuit. For a split second I could have sworn it had changed. I could have sworn I had seen my fingertips elongate like vines stretching out to investigate. My eye twitched. Laughter, nervous, staccato and arrhythmic, tripped off my tongue.
Mad. Completely mad. 
“Two little monkeys,” I mumbled, clutching my hand to my chest, and rocking on my knees.
Then the sweetest voice spoke into my ear.
“Daddy?”
I looked up into the eyes of my daughter, my perfect, genetically engineered daughter created by tiny gods. She smiled down at me, beautiful and alive as if the nanocide had never happened.
“Cassie,” I choked, reaching my arms up to hug her. 
I buried her in my embrace, held her with all my being, my Cassie. 
“Daddy,” she said, pulling away. “Are you still coming to get me?”
“Of course,” I replied, overcome with joy and relief. She was here. She was alive. 
Her smile nearly broke my heart. How I had longed to see that smile again.
“Get up, daddy,” she said, pulling on my arm. 
Once I was standing, I saw that we had been joined by another ghost of my past.
“Hey,” said Sasha.
“Hey,” I said, half raising then lowering my hand.
He opened his arms. “Aren’t you going to greet your old friend?”
My mouth and eye twitched, then I hugged him. He slapped my back.
“Good to see you again,” he said, beaming.
“You too,” I answered, absent-mindedly pressing my fingers into my twitching cheek. 
“Come on,” he said, putting his arm around my shoulders, and leading me away from the horde. 
A little hand curled into mine, and I looked down to see Cassie smiling up at me. “Thank you for the shoes, daddy.”
I returned her smile. 
“Hurry up. We have a ship to find,” Sasha said.
A sense of peace and renewed purpose flared up in me, and I put my arm around Sasha’s shoulders while I held Cassie’s hand in mine. With one last painful look, I walked away as Bucky fell between the greaves of earth to become the bones of billions. 
While the sun began to descend over a rugged coastline I first came across the abandoned biobike unable to further traverse the rocky terrain. Eden was on foot, and obviously hadn’t found the shuttle yet or I would have seen it blasting into space. Adrenaline shot down my veins, and I forced myself into a stumbling run. The horde had more difficulty getting across such uneven ground, and I soon left them far behind. Then, around the long bend of cliffs, I saw her, but she wasn’t alone. 
Eden and Eden turned in unison when they heard my noisy approach, and stood rooted to the stones with shock upon seeing me. 
“Alaric,” they both gasped.
 I stopped, just as shocked. Gentle waves gurgled up the shore, and the Edens stared back, perfect copies of one another. My eyes flicked back and forth between the two who not only looked alike in matching mountain gear, but also moved as one. Side by side their heads turned towards one another, then back to me, and both said, “What are you looking at, Alaric?”
My lips parted, but it took a few moments for my mind to wrap around a reply. “I—uh, there’s—which one of you is real?”
The exact same expression furrowed their brows as they began to step slowly away from me. “There’s only me,” they said.
Looking for support, I suddenly noticed Cassie and Sasha had vanished. A sliver of sanity pushed its way back into the crevices of my mind, and my hands pressed against my temples. I closed my eyes, shaking my head. When I opened them again my heart sped up at the sight of both Edens holding machetes.
“Don’t try and stop me,” they said. “Just let me get to the Azimuth. You don’t understand. I have a plan that will bring everyone back.”
Their words jarred me. “To bring everyone back?” I repeated breathlessly. Had I gauged her motives wrongly this entire time? I started to panic. Had I been misguided about Sasha and his team as well? Had I murdered all fifty-five of those technicians for no reason except my own misconceptions and fears? Because of Mason? I grabbed my hair, shaking my head again, and cupped my hands over my face.
“Why didn’t you tell me,” I mumbled into my palms.
“We did tell you,” they said when I looked up.
“You told me you were planning to destroy the Azimuth!” 
They bit their lips, one hand holding a machete, the other raised in a placating gesture. “Yes, but we had another plan. You just have to trust me.”
“Trust?” My eyes narrowed, and I took a step forward. The Edens took a fighting stance. “How can I trust you, when you don’t trust me?”
“You killed everyone, Alaric. And now you want to kill me too? Take a look in the mirror. You’re the murderer.”
That word sank heavy and frozen into my heart. Murderer. Kneeling down, I fixated on the little sea creatures in the pools of water left by the tide. A tiny crab scuttled into a crack, disturbing a sea anemone that closed in upon itself. She was right. I was the murderer. For all my self-righteous, vigilante motives to activate the Azimuth, to bring humanity back, in the end, I had killed everyone, and was about to do it again. 
“But we can still bring them back,” the Edens said quickly. “We can bring Cassie back.”
“Cassie,” I whispered, raising my tear-filled eyes, and running a hand through my unkempt hair. 
“Yes, Cassie.” My fingers slid towards the top of my boot. “But first…” I paused.
“First what?” They were backing further away, and I noticed a slight tremor in their machetes. “Alaric?”
The sound of the sloshing waves, dragging pebbles across the rocks, and sighing as they slid back again was so soothing, so melodic.
“First I have to kill you.”
“Alaric!” they shouted with hands raised as I pulled out the hunting knife by the blade. “No!” 
They screamed as I fluidly flung the knife at its target, and then closed my eyes. Their screams were abruptly cut off, and I heard a resounding thunk. Opening my eyes, I expected to see bright blood gushing from the last beating heart I had known. Instead I saw the knife embedded in a large piece of drift wood a few yards behind and to the left of the only Eden still standing. With a sobbing sigh of relief, sharp stones cut into my knees, my scalp bled as my fingernails dug deep, and fallen, I shut my eyes with a sob of relief. I had guessed correctly. She was finally gone.
The real-life Eden slowly brought her arms down from her head, and straightened up, staring wide-eyed at me. With a small smile I looked down at the crab that was peeking out from its crack while the anemone waved its tentacles contentedly again. I looked up when I heard her boots crunching towards me. She stopped out of arms reach, the machete still in hand, but now at her side. With a wary look she studied me for a minute.
“I had to kill her,” I said quietly.
She knelt down to my level. “Who?”
“The one who—”
“’The one who’ what, Alaric?”
My eyes glanced around, then back to hers, and I felt them sting with an emotion I hadn’t felt in what had seemed a thousand lifetimes.
“The one who hated me.”
She blinked rapidly, opened and closed her mouth, and finally remained silent. But I could see what she was thinking in the softness of her gaze, the hard swallow of unsaid things, and the lowering of her weapon. Her eyes and mine glanced at the machete. She stared up at me then carefully put it down. A smile started to pull at the corners of my mouth. Like reaching out to a flame, her hand extended, and I reached out my own to touch hers. When our fingers touched we both gasped, and delicately our fingers sought one another’s palms until our hands folded into each other. Our eyes locked.
“Alaric,” she whispered. “Please help me. I can’t do this alone.”
We stood up and I gently pulled her closer to me. She didn’t resist, though I could tell she was still very nervous. 
“You’re not alone,” I said, my hand moving from hers, around her arm, and encompassing the middle of her back. 
Before we knew it, our arms were wrapped tightly around one another. It was a desperate embrace, a hungry, agonizing, lonely embrace, and the most beautiful, wondrous thing I’d ever felt. She was silently weeping into my chest, and I buried my face into her shoulder, breathing her in. All this time wandering the desolate landscape, hunting down my own lies, all I truly wanted was this. Connection. 
“Eden.”
She raised her head, took a step back, and wiped her face. “Yes?”
“Thank you for trying to save Cassie.”
More tears swam in her eyes as she said, “I should have tried harder. We all should have. I’m so sorry.”
“No, it’s my fault. All of this.”
“Yours?” Her tone made me raise an eyebrow. “You think all this was your fault?”
“Of course it is. I helped create nanoweapons. I—”
She was shaking her head, and clutching my arm. “If it’s anyone’s fault it’s mine. It’s Sasha’s. It’s all of us who saw it coming but didn’t act quickly enough. But we still can! The shuttle’s close.”
With sudden clarity and understanding, we stared at each other and saw the depth of pain and guilt, the crosses we’d both been carrying for so long. All either of us had ever wanted was to feel the touch of another, the sound of a voice, and the comfort of knowing we weren’t alone. In the end, all any of us ever wanted was to know that someone else cared that we existed.
Her eyes looked away from mine as the frightening sound of thousands of feet reached our ears, and then she screamed. I turned to see the horde ungracefully making their way towards us. When I turned back to her, she was standing a few feet away with machete in hand, terror making her whole body tremble.
“Alaric!” she screamed. “Run!”
When I didn’t respond or look afraid, she threw me a look of profound confusion. I walked over to her and put my hand over her fist that was held high with the machete. 
“Eden,” I said reassuringly, “they won’t hurt us.”
Stiff with fear, she reluctantly let me push her arm down. “Are you sure?”
A smile formed then disappeared on my face as the horde suddenly let out an earsplitting chorus of shrieks, then charged towards us.
Eden screamed, and fled while I stood frozen with disbelief before she shouted to me. Like struggling through tar, I turned and bolted after her. The ocean crashed at our feet as we fled, a moon-leashed beast strong enough to gnaw stone into sand. As the tide rose and lunged for our heels, the horde reached at our backs, and we ran not just for our lives, but for the entire human race. The horde’s true purpose close at hand.






















End of part one



















Elayne Griffith grew up drawing, writing, riding horses, contemplating the universe, and our existence. 

Then she discovered boys in high school.

Then she grew up again in college, and realized that life was short and meaningless unless we gave meaning to it. For her, that was writing.

This is her third novel, and certainly not the last, apocalyptic future permitting.

For more of her works click here

Thank you for reading and reviewing Azimuth Part One.

Follow Elayne on
Twitter
Facebook
Goodreads
GMTAPublishing
	

