BATTLE FOR MECH CITY
The future isn’t like it was

Book 3, Robot Horizon series

by Brian Bakos


cover art: Rob Jones 

Copyright 2017, Brian Bakos / revised 10–2021
Smashwords edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to anyone else. If you want to share this book, please buy an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and obtain your own copy. Thanks for respecting the author’s hard work.


The characters and events depicted in this book are real; they just haven’t happened yet. Any similarity to actual future persons, human or robotic, is intentional.

Table of Contents
What Happened Before
One: Pilgrims’ Return
Two: Threats in Various Flavors
Three: Groping for Stability
Four: Storm Clouds Gather
Five: Harsh Solutions
Six: A Storm Approaches
Seven: The Storm Arrives
Eight: Counterstrokes
Nine: Struggle for Freedom
Ten: A New Order Commences
Reading Group Guide
Connect with the Author
Brian’s Other Books

What Happened Before

Editor’s Note
This is book 3 of the Robot Horizon series. If you haven’t read books 1 and 2—Return to Mech City, and Expedition Westward— please visit my website or obtain copies from the store where you found this volume. You’ll enjoy the following story better if you know what happened before. 
Well, okay, if you don’t want to do that, here are thumbnail sketches of the previous volumes:

Return to Mech City
As mankind finally succumbs to its follies and exits the world stage, scholar model robot, Winston Horvath, makes a perilous journey to Mech City, the place of his manufacture, bearing a vast internal database of human literature, history, and language. This had been programmed into him at the behest of his former master as the “Walking Library of Alexandria” project.
When Winston arrives on his mission to preserve the human cultural heritage, he finds Mech City in a downward spiral. The robotic inhabitants, who were never designed to exist independently, are deteriorating psychologically and turning to suicide or brigandage. He also meets Estrela, a.k.a. Star Power—the world’s only sexually functional female robot—and Iridium, a noble robotic wolf. Star and Winston immediately click, but Winston cannot satisfy Star’s robust sexual desires. She is on a “whole new level of creation” from him.
Inspired by Star’s great beauty and kindness, Winston devises a plan to save Mech City—restore the derelict REX Hotel and turn it into the town’s fashionable “in” locale. This gives employment and purpose to the town’s residents. The suicides stop, Winston becomes Mech City’s most important and respected citizen.
Things unravel when Nilo, a despised test bed robot, morphs into Fascista Ultimo (F.U. to my friends) and seizes control using the mech wolves and other robotic monstrosities that crazed human technicians produced in their final months.
As one of the “Humanite Master Race” model robots, Winston is sucked into the Roboto Fascist regime and becomes a key official, lording over the supposedly inferior “metal man” robots. But, motivated by Star’s plight (F.U. wants her as a concubine) Winston comes to his senses and hatches a plot to bring down the tyrant. Winston is too discredited to be the new leader, however. 
Ajax, a recreation of a comic book robotic hero, is the only suitable choice for Mech City’s new leader. Problem is, Ajax’s head has supposedly been carried off by birds to a mysterious castle in the mountains. He is barely functional with his auxiliary brain.
On the basis of this fantastic story, Winston and Star set out to find Ajax’s head. Iridium joins them on the road and, after much tribulation, they get to Pickle Lake Castle where robotics technician and plague survivor, Dr. Edgar Rackenfauz, has set up shop. His mech birds had stolen Ajax’s head as a bizarre prank. 
Star learns form Rackenfauz about Dr. Jerry Che who created her as a robotic sex partner. Maybe Dr. Che has also survived the plague, thanks to Rackenfauz’s vaccines. He could be on the West Coast. Star wants to find Che immediately and have Winston converted to full functionality, but Winston wants to finish the mission to overthrow Fascista Ultimo first.
They retrieve the head and return to Mech City. In a climactic battle, they defeat Fascista Ultimo. But Ajax has severe problems with his reattached head. Hailed as a hero, Winston agrees to serve as “interim mayor.” Once Ajax is fully recovered, Winston promises to travel westward with Star to find Dr. Che.

Expedition Westward
This book covers the harrowing journey to the West Coast in search of Dr. Jerry Che. After much tribulation, including a battle with a murderous cult of human survivors, Winston’s conversion is accomplished. He is now fully functional and covered with a ‘Nordic Hero’ epidermis resembling Ivan Drago from the 20th century Rocky IV movie, somewhat downsized, of course. 

The following story begins with Star and Winston returning to Mech City from the West Coast. Enjoy.
One: Pilgrims’ Return
1. Bright New World
The semi-truck banged over some speed bumps, jostling the two robots lying on a pile of tarps inside the trailer. 
A radiant smile crossed Star Power’s face. Home at last! 
She rolled over and reached behind Winston’s head, gently flicking his activation switch. 
“Awaken, my love,” she crooned.
Winston began emerging into active mode. Star looked on eagerly as start-up routines flashed through his electronic mind and mobility returned to his limbs. His optical sensors popped open. He glanced about the heavily loaded trailer, baffled.
“W-where am I?”
“You’re with me,” Star said. “What else matters?”
Winston smiled, and contentment flooded his face. “How long have I been out, Star?”
“Over two days. Dr. Rackenfauz said you needed time to absorb all the new data you’ve received.”
Winston stretched his limbs. “Yes, I do feel a lot better organized.” 
Star nestled close. She was still not used to his radically changed appearance—his ultra-realistic ‘Nordic Avenger’ epidermis modeled after Ivan Drago from the 20th century Rocky IV movie. It bore no resemblance to the blue monotone exterior he’d once had. 
She loved his new look. Star herself presented a luscious blend of Asian, African, and European features—almond eyes, dark skin, luxurious black hair.
“Do you remember what happened before you went under?” she asked coyly, referring to their fantastic coupling as they moved along the road from the West Coast, the “heaven on earth” sexual fireworks she’d promised him.
Winston’s smile broadened. “Of course. How could I forget?”
“Ooo! I love it when you talk like that.” She stood and unbuttoned her blouse, reveling amid the hungry look on Winston’s face. “We have time for a quickie before we get to the Robotics Development Institute.”
Winston sat bolt upright. All trace of lust vanished, replaced by an even more pressing enthusiasm. “We’re in Mech City?” 
“Yes, we crossed the speed bumps on the western outskirts.”
Winston leaped to his feet and groped for the intercom mounted on the wall. He jabbed the Call button with a trembling finger.
“Dr. Rackenfauz?” 
“Hello, young fellow,” a high-pitched, crackly voice replied from the driver seat in the cab. “Welcome back to the world.”
“Could we stop a minute? I’d like to get out.”
“Okay.” 
The truck braked abruptly, nearly pitching the robots over. Winston raced to the door and flung it open. Dull sunlight illuminated his bristling blond hair and yellow jumpsuit. Star looked on, tight-lipped. She stood naked to the waist, but Winston seemed oblivious to her charms.
“Isn’t this marvelous, Star?” 
“Yes... marvelous.” 
“I never expected to see Mech City again. I feel reborn! Or, at least, re-manufactured.” He jumped down onto the road surface. 
Star reluctantly put her blouse back on. “That’s my guy, alright, the original Romeo.”
Winston moved past the truck’s cabin, waving happily at Iridium and Dr. Rackenfauz within.
Iridium’s ferocious wolf face broke into something resembling a smile. “Winston seems to be in perfect working order.” 
“Yes,” Rackenfauz agreed. “Jerry Che sure knows his stuff.”

Winston trotted some distance ahead and paused in the middle of the road. He spread his arms wide, taking in the cityscape with its multi-story commercial and residential buildings.
“Hail bright new world! I have returned!”
He rose on tiptoe, getting as near as possible toward the heavens. He closed his eyes and relished the dim sunlight warming his face. Never had the sweetness of existence been more intense. All his previous life had been mere prelude to this glorious moment. 

Star exited the trailer and moved to the driver’s side of the cab. Her blouse was not fully buttoned, and she displayed quite a boob shot. She knew Dr. Rackenfauz wouldn’t care, though.
“Looks like Winston is feeling his oats,” Rackenfauz said.
“Right,” Star replied, finishing the button job.
Things remained in this state for over a minute before Iridium’s superior optical sensors detected something in the sky.
“Looks like we’ve got company,” he said.
A few more seconds passed before Star could make out the swarm of approaching mech birds.
“That must be the flock that came with us to Pickle Lake Castle,” she said. “I’m glad they made it back safely.”
“Yes,” Rackenfauz said with fatherly pride, “I built them strong, didn’t I?”
As the flock drew closer, Star’s sense of well-being unraveled. Something was wrong—the birds were too frenetic, angry. They seemed to churn amid a cloud of hatred.
“They appear to be upset about something,” Iridium said.
Terror bolted through Star. “Winston!” 

Ahead on the road, in the midst of his reverie, Winston dimly perceived a beckoning voice.
“Get back here, now!” Star shouted.
Winston opened his eyes just as the attack squadron descended upon him. A scream gagged short in his vocal unit.
Ahh-gh!
He hurtled upward, struggling amid a cloud of screeching mech birds.

“Look at that, Papa!” Iridium said. “Winston is getting up in the world.”
“Do something!” Star pleaded.
“Of course.” Rackenfauz groped through the jumble of items piled behind the seats. “Where’d I put that translator thingie?” 
“Please hurry!” 
The birds held Winston spread-eagled and dive bombed a building with him, pulling up moments before hitting its clock tower. In human times, the building housed an investment firm. Its marketing slogan still adorned the front:
Aim High!
Winston howled with terror above the bright new world: “Hoooooo Wahoooo!”
“He’s having quite a time,” Iridium said. “Is this the usual way those birds welcome you home?”
Rackenfauz brandished a long tube, narrow at one end and flared at the other. “Ah, here it is.” 
He exited the van, his white lab coat fluttering behind like half-baked angel wings. He brought the wide end of the communicator to his mouth, hesitated, then lowered it.
“Wait a second.” He reached inside the cab and pulled down the combat shotgun from its mounting. “Better keep this close, just in case.”
He pointed the translator skyward and shouted into it. “That’s enough! Put him down!”
His words exited as avian chirps and twitters from the narrow end of the tube. The birds interrupted their Kamikaze dives and went into a holding pattern about the clock tower.
“I seem to have gotten their attention,” Rackenfauz said.
He shouted into the translator device again: “Cut the fun and games already!” 
In response, a cacophony of chirps blasted from the bird flock.
“I can’t understand you! Come here and talk to me!”
The birds swooped down, Winston’s terrified face leading the charge. Dr. Rackenfauz held his ground, shotgun at the ready.
“Don’t shoot!” Winston and Star cried in unison.
At the last second, the birds altered course toward a dirt median. They dropped Winston a short distance above it. He hit the ground, stirring up a dust cloud as he somersaulted to a stop.
“Oh Winston!” Star ran toward the stricken figure sprawled on the ground. 
The birds landed beside the truck in a large, black heap. Then they began rising up like an erupting volcano, forming themselves into a single composite in human form. Terrible crunching noises accompanied this transformation, as of a giant crinkling a huge sheet of steel in its hands. An angry face stared out of the feathered hulk.
“Holy Patoozas!” Iridium said. “I heard they could do that, but seeing is believing.”

2. Old Acquaintance Brought to Mind
“Ohhh, Winston!” Star moaned. “Are you all right?” 
“I think so. That was some welcoming committee.” He grasped Star’s hand. “I’m sorry. I should have stayed with you in the van for that quickie.”
“Let’s go back before something else happens.” Star helped Winston to his feet, examined his nicked epidermis. “The damage doesn’t look too bad. It should heal up okay.” 
“You go inside the trailer,” Winston said. “I’d better stay out here and see what’s going on.” 
“Fat chance of that. We’re in this together, remember?”
“Yes... I remember.” 
He took her hand. They returned to the truck where Dr. Rackenfauz engaged the bird creature in heated discussion. Iridium stood between the two parties, using his large, wolfish frame as a buffer. 
Although Star had seen the composite bird creature more than once before, it still gave her the creeps. That thing is bad news. Like one of those horror movies Winston talks about.
“What are they... it saying?” she asked.
Rackenfauz lowered his communicator. “They’re upset about Mayor Ajax. They found him deactivated at the REX Hotel.”
“Is he badly damaged?” Winston asked with alarm. “I mean... he’s not permanently deactivated, is he?”
“I’d have to inspect him to determine that,” Rackenfauz said. “They’re demanding I do so immediately.”
He fondled the shotgun, patted the reassuring bulge of hand grenades in his coat pocket. “These mech birds are getting very aggressive. Maybe it’s time they got some buckshot therapy.”
“Don’t do that!” Winston said. “Please, go and help Ajax.”
Rackenfauz pondered the request. “Very well, young fellow. I’ll go to the REX.”
Winston flashed a relieved smile. “Thank you, Professor.”
“There’s one condition.” Rackenfauz leaned in close. “They insist in taking you along as a hostage.”
Winston gulped, electronically. “Okay, I’ll risk it.”
“No!” Star protested.
“It’s the only way,” Winston said. “You know how uncompromising those birds can be.”
“Ohh...” A tear ran down Star’s cheek in an almost human simulation. 
Rackenfauz spoke into the translator. The bird creature blasted out a chirp storm in reply.
“Okay, I got it! No need to shout,” Rackenfauz said.
The creature broke into its component parts and fluttered around in a bird tornado. They seized Winston and bore him aloft toward the REX Hotel.
“What was that last thing they said?” Iridium asked.
“If we can’t revive Ajax, they’ll dump Winston into the bomb crater.”
“Oh!” Star gasped.
Rackenfauz shrugged. “Let’s go to the REX. Everybody get in the truck.”
* * *
As he hung precariously outside the window, five stories above street level, Winston had a real ‘bird’s eye view’ of events transpiring inside Ajax’s hotel room. He glanced up at the phalanx of birds holding him aloft.
“You guys remember we’re friends, okay?” he said with a certain amount of insecurity. 
The birds did not seem particularly agreeable.
Dr. Rackenfauz busied himself examining Ajax’s motionless form slumped against the wall, paying particular attention to the neck area. Compared to the massive warrior robot, the professor appeared even scrawnier and less significant than usual with his bald head and fussy mannerisms.
“Most peculiar.” Rackenfauz held up a broken metal coat hook. “It appears Ajax deactivated himself. He jammed his switch against this to accomplish the feat.”
“Why would he do that?” Star asked.
“Maybe it was the closest thing to suicide he could get,” Winston said. “His programming taboo would not allow him to jump off the roof.”
A violent tremor ran through the birds supporting Winston at the mention of “suicide.”
“H-hold on fellows, please!” Winston cried.
Good grief! he thought frantically. How much human language can these brutes understand?
Star rushed to the window and cooed softly to the birds. They calmed somewhat.
“The switch is broken,” Dr. Rackenfauz said. “It’s jammed in the Off position. There appears to be no further damage, however.”
He brushed his hands together professionally and stepped away from the inert robot. “A simple matter. We can replace the switch and have him reactivated in no time.”
Star clapped her hands. “Oh, goody!”
“Nice work, Papa,” Iridium said.
Rackenfauz took a modest bow. Winston did not share the general enthusiasm.
“Uh... Professor.” He cast a worried look on the avian mass suspending him by the fabric of his yellow jumpsuit. “I’m not sure that would be the best idea.”
“Why not?” 
“If Ajax was in such despair as to attempt a form of... well, you know—then wouldn’t jarring him back to active awareness be a traumatic, perhaps highly destructive, experience for him?”
“Hmmm,” Rackenfauz said, “I see what you mean.”
“It can be assumed that Ajax endured grave difficulties performing his duties as mayor. The political situation in Mech City must be pretty delicate.”
Rackenfauz turned an amused smile toward Winston. “Actually, young fellow, I’d say you’re the one in a delicate situation.” 
As if in accord with this assessment, Winston’s jumpsuit suddenly ripped away under the birds’ talons. 
“Winston!” Star cried as he dropped from view.
This is it! Winston’s frantic brain screamed. I’m gonna meet the Great Technician in the Sky!
The bricks of the hotel’s wall blurred past his vision. He could almost feel the impact of unforgiving concrete…
The mech birds swooped down and halted his descent. They formed loops with their bodies and pulled Winston up by the arm pits. He bobbed back up to window elevation.
“I-I’m all right,” he said, “for now, anyway.”
Star and Iridium sagged with relief. Rackenfauz did not look particularly concerned. 
Even after a long association, Winston was still shocked by Rackenfauz’s nihilistic attitudes and caustic language. The professor seemed almost disappointed that he’d survived the fall.
Winston gathered his remaining wits. “Would it not be advisable to delay Ajax’s reactivation until we’ve had time to assess the state of affairs in Mech City?” 
“Good point, young fellow.” Rackenfauz nodded thoughtfully.
“Once we know what the true circumstances are, then we can determine the best method for bringing Ajax online.”
Winston knew his suggestion constituted the best approach, though a less worthy portion of his mind entertained different ideas. If Ajax is kaput, that means I’ll be mayor again! He glanced at his bird escort. Unless they toss me in the bomb crater first.
Rackenfauz stroked his beard-stubbled chin. “You’re probably right, young fellow. I’ll communicate this to our avian friends.”
He spoke through the translator device; a chorus of cheeps replied.
“What did they say?” Winston asked.
“They said they’ll trust you for now, but if you don’t bring Ajax around soon, you’re one deep-fried robot.”
“Oh!” Star gasped again.
“That’s a very… forthright response,” Winston said.
“In any case, this is the end of my involvement,” Rackenfauz said. “From now on, you robots are on your own with your ‘delicate politics.’ Jack and Quincy can do the switch repair.”
“If I might make a final request,” Winston said. “Could you ask the birds to set me down?”
Rackenfauz grinned maliciously. “Of course.”
“Uh... gently, I mean.”

3. Robotics Development Institute (RDI)
Winston’s return to earth had not been overly gentle, though he couldn’t complain. He was still in one piece and snuggled up close to Star in the truck cab. The quickie would have to wait for a more opportune time.
They drove through the gate of the RDI on the east end of town and approached the expansive main building, three stories high and clad in marble. A small coterie of mech birds accompanied them from the REX. 
“Here we are, back where it all began.” Star squeezed his hand. “We’ve made a lot of history in a short time, haven’t we?”
“Yes.”
She kissed his cheek. “Let’s make some more together.”
Dr. Rackenfauz pulled over in the curved front drive and shut off the engine. “Let’s see what’s going on in there.”
Everyone scrambled out of the truck and approached the main building. As always, its gleaming white exterior reminded Winston of a human mausoleum. Dr. Rackenfauz led the way, toting his full armory. In addition to the little submachine gun he customarily wore under his lab coat and the pockets full of grenades, he also toted an assault rifle slung over his shoulder and the shotgun cradled in one arm.
“That’s a lot of weight, Papa,” Iridium said.
“I need to keep everything close until I know what the situation is.”
“Perhaps we can carry some of it for you,” Iridium suggested.
“That’s not a good idea,” Winston said. “Trust me on that, Iri.”
Rackenfauz chuckled. “He’s right. All robots are hardwired against having any contact with firearms or ammo. Not even the Che syndrome has affected that.”
“My memory dumps talked about the Che syndrome,” Iridium said. “Robotic life forms who lose their purpose for existence turn psycho, right?”
Rackenfauz nodded. “That’s putting it mildly.” 
The moment they entered the lobby, a new plague of mech birds hurtled toward them. Rackenfauz lifted the communicator in his free hand.
“Get the hell out of here!” he yelled into it. “Give me room to breathe!”
The birds hovered about in confusion. The contingent from the REX Hotel flew in and joined their compatriots in a swirling conference. Soon, all the birds departed en masse through the plasti-glass doors.
“Good riddance,” Rackenfauz muttered.
“How many of those things are there, Papa?” Iridium asked.
“I made about 5,000 altogether, back when I was half nuts.”
Only half nuts? Winston thought uncharitably. 
He added aloud: “Of that number, approximately one quarter were destroyed in the battle against Fascista Ultimo. The rest were deactivated until Ajax loaned us a thousand for our trip to the West Coast. That thousand returned to Mech City after… the old Iridium was destroyed. They would have been the ones who discovered Ajax at the REX.”
“Seems like more than a thousand now,” the new Iridium said.
“Yes, they must have reactivated their comrades.”
“That’s way too many, in my opinion.” 
“They have their uses.” Winston examined the tears on his jumpsuit. “They can be hard on one’s wardrobe, however.”
As they proceeded toward the main workshop, a torrent of memories flooded in on Winston. This corridor had witnessed so many key events in his existence: The stroll with the Master and Little Charles on the day of his initial activation; his grinding return three years later seeking repairs; the surge of Roboto Fascists heading out to conquer the city.
Dr. Rackenfauz pushed against the double doors of the main workshop. Winston, Star, and Iridium kept a discreet distance, in consideration of the professor’s bristling weaponry.
The doors were locked tight.
“What the hell?” Rackenfauz rapped his knuckles against the thick plasti-glass window. “Open up in there!”
A face appeared at the window—Quincy, the repair bot.
“Dr. Rackenfauz?” his muffled voice inquired.
“Yes, yes, it’s me. Open up.”
“Are they gone?” Quincy asked.
“Who?”
“The mech birds.” 
“Yes, of course they’re gone.” Rackenfauz brandished the shotgun. “Now open up, or do I have to blast my way in?”
Quincy’s optical sensors widened. “Just a moment, please.” 
Sounds of heavy objects being dragged away could be heard; then the locking mechanism released. Quincy swung the doors open and bowed deferentially. Jack, the second repair bot, joined him. They were both slender, ‘metal man’ type machines clad in white lab coats. Although they lacked the Humanite characteristics of Winston and Star, they possessed advanced brain units and highly developed technical skills.
“Welcome back, Dr. Rackenfauz,” they said.
“Yes, quite.” Rackenfauz eyed the tool boxes, analytical equipment and other weighty items that had been barricading the doors. “Not exactly the red carpet treatment, is it?” 
“Please forgive the clutter.” Quincy moved back. “Come in, Professor.”
Dr. Rackenfauz stepped inside the workshop, lumbering under the weight of his arsenal. The doors swung shut behind him. 
“Should we go in, too?” Star asked.
“In a bit,” Winston said. “Let Dr. Rackenfauz establish dominance first.”
“That’s important to him, isn’t it?”
“Yes. Besides, the repair bots won’t recognize me or Iridium at first. Let them have one shock at a time.”

A few minutes later, Star led the three of them into the workshop. Dr. Rackenfauz was standing in the middle of the vast room conferring with Jack and Quincy. The big, angular construction bots, Jimmy and Sam, stood off to the side observing. Most of the workbenches contained damaged and deactivated robots—casualties from the great Battle of Heroes’ Square which had toppled the Roboto Fascist dictatorship.
“Star!” the robots cried in unison.
“Hello, Boys!” Star replied with a jaunty wave. “Good to see you all again.”
Their pleasure vanished when they spotted Iridium.
“What’s the matter?” Star asked.
“W-we don’t exactly get along too well with mech wolves,” Quincy said.
“It’s only Iridium. Say hello, Iri.”
“Hi, everybody,” Iridium said. “Thought I’d stop by.”
Quincy and Jack approached cautiously.
“You sound like Iridium,” Jack said. “You sure don’t look like him, though.”
“I’m kind of a remake. The new, unimproved version, you might say.”
“It’s a bit complicated,” Star said. “Iri has a new brain and body; otherwise, he’s just the same.”
“Oh, I get it,” Quincy said, “sort of.”
“He has the same spirit. Once he gets his new coat, you’ll hardly know the difference.”
Jimmy and Sam approached. They were both large construction model robots of prodigious strength, angular and rugged. Winston noticed that Jimmy, the broader of the two, wore the mech wolf communicator strapped to his wrist. A thrill of excitement ran through Winston’s circuits.
“Good to see you again, Iridium,” Jimmy said. 
“You’re... Jimmy, the construction foreman, right?” Iridium asked.
“That’s correct. And this is Sam, my assistant foreman.”
“Nice to see you, pal,” Iridium said.
Jimmy turned questioning eyes toward Winston, then addressed Star in a low voice: “Who’s the stranger?” 
“Why, it’s Winston,” Star said. “He’s new and improved.”
Confusion shot over Jimmy’s mechanistic face. His brow managed a crinkle.
“Yes, it’s me, Jimmy.” Winston pointed to his new face and bristling blond hair. “I’ve had quite a remake, as you can see.”
Joy burst over Jimmy’s face now. “Boss! I knew you’d come back.”
He gripped Winston’s hand and wrapped an arm over his shoulders. Despite his newly enhanced physique, Winston was dwarfed by the big construction machine.
“Everything’s all right now,” Jimmy said. “The Boss is here.”
“Welcome home!” the other robots cried. 
Jimmy released Winston and took a step back. “Things really went down the tubes without you.” 
He pulled the mech wolf communicator off his wrist and offered it. “Here, I’m sick of toting this thing around.”
Winston’s optical sensors widened with avarice. He thrust a trembling hand toward the communicator. 
Star clutched his arm in a vise grip and whispered harshly in his ear. “Don’t you dare take that, Winston!”
With an agonizing effort of will, Winston forced his arm back to his side. “Give it to Iridium,” he rasped. “He’s the security chief now.”
“Sure thing Boss.” Jimmy knelt and strapped the communicator to Iridium’s upper left foreleg. “There you go.”
“Thanks, pal,” Iridium said. “That’s very snug.”
Dr. Rackenfauz’s scratchy voice sounded from across the workshop: “Well, now that the happy reunion’s over, let’s discuss a few matters.”
The robots moved off to confer with the professor. Winston put a restraining hand on Iridium’s chest. He leaned down to address the great canid.
“You hang onto the communicator, Iri. Don’t let me have it under any circumstances, okay?”
“Got it, pal.”
“I mean that. If you can’t handle it for some reason, give it to Jimmy, or Star, or... anybody except me.”
“Check.”
They joined the others in a semicircle around Dr. Rackenfauz. The group made an astonishing tableau: a middle-aged human male with a fringe of grizzled hair around his bald head surrounded by two movie star grade humanite robots, a wolf type creature, two hulking construction robots, and a pair of rather delicate looking repair bots.
We certainly possess a great deal of diversity, Winston opined.
“I’ll be moving into this building to continue my research,” Dr. Rackenfauz said. “As I told you before, I don’t want to be bothered with your political maneuverings.”
“Got it, Papa,” Iridium said.
“I’m too old to worry about such nonsense.” Rackenfauz patted the shotgun affectionately. “And if some dispute comes my way, this will resolve matters in a hurry.”
The robots exchanged concerned glances, except for Iridium who kept his optical sensors fixed worshipfully upon Dr. Rackenfauz.
“Jack and Quincy will handle your repair or maintenance issues,” Rackenfauz said. “I won’t get involved unless it’s something really complicated. Iridium is my go between. He’ll let you know if I want anything. You can contact me through him as well, but it better be about something damned important.”
Winston raised his hand. “Excuse me, Professor.” 
“Yes?”
“How would you define ‘damned important?’”
“Nothing short of the end of the world!” 
“Oh, I see.” 
“I thought we already had that,” Jack commented, too low for the professor to hear.
“The mech birds will help me move in. The rest of you do whatever the hell you want.” Rackenfauz looked toward Iridium. “Come see me tomorrow. We’ll get started on your new coat.”
“Right-o, Papa.”
Without further ado, Dr. Rackenfauz stalked out of the workshop, bashing his way through the double doors with his armory.
“My, he seems even testier than before,” Quincy observed.
“I wonder what the problem is,” Jack said.
“Oh, I know what his problem is,” Star said. “Finding a solution might not be so easy, though.”

4. Political Machinations
Without Dr. Rackenfauz’s glowering demeanor and stack of lethal armaments, the workshop atmosphere relaxed. Jack and Quincy seemed especially relived to be rid of his burdensome presence.
Quincy regarded Iridium with professional curiosity. “It’s quite a surprise to see your new iteration. Do you know who we are?”
“Sure. You’re Quincy, the repair tech, and that’s Jack.” 
“Then you must remember all the trouble we had repairing you after the battle with Fascista Ultimo.”
“Sorry, I don’t. That information was not included in my memory dumps.”
“Perhaps you could do another memory dump to update Iri about old times,” Star said.
“That might be a good idea,” Quincy said. “Save us from having to explain a lot of things.”
“Well, maybe,” Iridium said, “or I could just take your word it was a million laughs.”
Winston glanced at the doors to make sure Rackenfauz was really gone. He spoke in an urgent voice: “We’ve got a serious problem, guys.” 
“About what?” Quincy asked.
“The Ajax situation. He deactivated himself, broke his switch.”
Quincy gestured to the disheveled surroundings. “Now I understand why the mech birds were so ticked off. They had us trapped in here for days.”
“I’m not surprised Ajax wanted out,” Jack said. “He came to be very unpopular. He meant well, but he couldn’t inspire anybody.”
“He didn’t have your knack for smooth talking, Boss,” Jimmy said. “The boys got tired of listening to him.”
“They got to calling for your return, Boss,” Sam added. “They marched through the streets demanding that Ajax resign.”
The old lust for power slumbering in Winston’s heart roared awake. He could be mayor again! All he had to do was kick Ajax to the curb and take over.
You can’t handle it, Winston. A wheedling inner voice cautioned. You’d blow it like you did the last time.
Yet Winston knew Mech City could not go on as it was. The town required firm, subtle leadership—a touch of deviousness. Ajax couldn’t provide it. The warrior robot was too rigid and moralistic. Winston had always feared a bad outcome, and events had confirmed his suspicions.
“So... are you gonna be mayor again?” Jimmy asked.
Winston felt Star’s disapproving eyes boring into him like a laser drill. He shook his head. “Sorry, it didn’t work out too well the last time. We all know that.”
“It’s because you had too much power,” Quincy said. “You started out good, but you turned into a total jerk.”
Winston let the barb pass. “I can’t disagree with you.”
“We have to do something about Ajax,” Star said. “If we don’t reactivate him soon, the birds will go on the warpath again.”
“That’s an interesting metaphor,” Winston observed.
Jack shuddered at the dreadful prospect. “If it’s just a matter of a broken switch, we can fix him up in a jiffy.” 
“We’d be right back where we started,” Jimmy said. “It wouldn’t be long before the boys went out on strike again.”
Winston spoke. “If Ajax is rejected a second time, I’m afraid the trauma will be so severe it’ll overcome his suicide taboo. He could take the long jump.”
He almost added, “I know how bad rejection feels,” but kept the bitter comment to himself.
“What can we do?” Jimmy asked.
The workshop became silent as a spare parts bin. Then Quincy spoke up. 
“There might be an alternative.” 
All optical sensors swiveled his direction. Quincy raised a didactic finger.
“I’ve been studying about government structures at the library,” he said. “There’s this ‘city manager’ type set up.”
“How does that work?” Star asked.
“Well, there’s a mayor,” Quincy said, “but the everyday work of running the town is done by the city manager.”
“So?” Sam asked.
Quincy regarded the prosaic construction robot with an indulgent smile. “So, we reactivate Ajax, and he’s still mayor. We elect Winston as city manager. Simple.”
“Boss!” Jimmy cried. “That might work. Remember when we restored the REX Hotel?”
“Sure,” Winston said.
“You were officially in charge, even though you didn’t know the first thing about construction. The boys were okay with this because they knew me and Sam were actually running things.”
“Hmmm,” Winston said. “Do you think the boys would go along with this?”
“They sure will, if I have to crack every one of their cranium units.”
Winston look quizzically at Star. “What do you think?” 
Star pondered. A deep crease appeared on her brow, momentarily disfiguring her beautiful face. “Iridium stays on as security chief, right?” 
Winston nodded. “He’ll be the one who controls the mech wolves—not me, ever.”
“Then let’s do it.” 
“Yeah!” everyone agreed fervently.

5. Mayor Appreciation Day
It was a reasonably nice day out in Heroes’ Square, though rather cloudy and drab. A light wind graced the festivities, blowing the fetid odor of the bomb crater pond away from the participants.
Winston stood behind the speaker’s podium atop the large wooden stage with Star Power at his side. The podium had been designed for the immensity of Fascista Ultimo, and Winston had to mount an old crate.
Before him, every resident of Mech City, more than 100 robots, stood in tense silence waiting for the event to begin. They, too, must have been enjoying the pleasant atmosphere after spending days indoors cowering from the mech bird terror.
At the forefront stood a diminutive blue robot with a boom box perched on his shoulder—Albert, last active member of the old Fascist Youth League. Actually, he’d only been a “metal man” lackey for the humanite members who were now lying in deactivated storage, where Albert had helped put them. 
Large banners festooned the square:
LONG LIVE AJAX!
HURRAH FOR MAYOR AJAX!
STRONGER THAN DIRT®
Ajax himself stood at mid-stage, held upright by Jimmy and Sam. He looked very impressive, even in deactivated mode—his towering physique, over seven feet high, his noble face with its chiseled angles and classic Greek nose—a faithful replica of the comic book hero upon which he’d been modeled. The golden mayor’s medallion hanging from his neck glittered in the dull sunlight.
Hidden from the crowd by the warrior robot’s massive bulk, Jack stood precariously on a stepstool, one hand poised by Ajax’s new activation switch. The stepstool tottered on the uneven boards; Quincy reached to steady it.
“Why didn’t we use a pole to flick him on?” Jack complained.
“And bust the new switch, too?” Quincy said. “How would that look?”
“Easy for you to talk, you’re not the one up here. I’m afraid of heights, you know.”
“You’re scarcely a meter off the platform. Stop griping.”
Thousands of mech birds whirled ominously overhead, ready to intervene should anything go amiss. Iridium stood at the edge of the plaza. The security chief had activated every available mech wolf and positioned them inside nearby buildings, ready to counter any mech bird attack.
Should things screw up, there’d be a horrific fight—a reprise of the liberation battle against Fascista Ultimo. Only this time, the mech wolves would be allies and the birds, foes.
Winston covered the microphone with his hand and turned toward Star. “I sure hope this dodge works.”
“Go for it, Winston.” 
He adjusted the microphone and spoke into it. His voice boomed over the PA system Jimmy had rigged up. 
“As your new city manager, I’d like to welcome you all to this Mayor Appreciation Day observance.”
Polite applause greeted his announcement. Winston took a final glance around; everything seemed as ready as it could be. 
Here goes nothing.
“Please join me in singing Hail to the Mayor.” 
He pointed a cueing finger toward Albert. The stately tune of the old Soviet Union national anthem blared from the boom box. Winston’s amplified tenor led the way:
Hail to the Mayor!
Long shall he serve
into the future
with incredible nerve!
Winston had written the lyrics for himself. Now he was singing them for Ajax. The irony was not lost on him.

From his position behind Ajax, Quincy spoke urgently. “Start of the second verse, Jack. Don’t miss it.”
“I know. You’ve told me a hundred times.”
The chorus bellowed forth from the crowd, followed by the second verse.
“Now!” Quincy said.
Jack flipped the switch.
Forward together
into the bright new day.

Ajax’s optical sensors flashed into awareness. Throughout his huge mechanism, all systems sprang to life. 
Our glorious mayor is
leading the way!
The first thought emerged from Ajax’s reactivated mind: What the @#!% is going on? Why was he up here? Who was that stranger at the podium with the blond hair? The amplified voice sounded like Winston Horvath’s.
Ajax flexed his massive torso. The motion knocked Jack off of his stepstool and into Quincy’s arms.
“Good work, Jack!” Quincy said. “I couldn’t have done better myself.”
“That’s reassuring.” 
A collective gasp shot through the crowd, and the singing halted. All attention riveted upon Ajax. In the air above, mech birds hovered in tense wonder. Winston gestured toward Jimmy, then broke out into the chorus. The crowd picked up the song again:
Our Mech City lives forever, 
gleaming beacon in the valley! etc.
Still holding fast to Ajax’s right arm, Jimmy began his tribute. “Welcome back, Mayor. It’s an honor to stand in your august presence.”
‘August’ was hardly a word Jimmy would have chosen on his own, but Winston thought it had the proper ring.
On Ajax’s other side, Sam added his praise. “It’s a bright new day now that you are among us, Excellency.”
Ajax swiveled his head between the two construction robots, then he noticed the mayor medallion gleaming on his chest. He still had no idea what was happening, but he liked the sensations buzzing through his circuits. 
“Yes, quite,” he said. “It is good to see you again, as well.”
Bitter recollections tried to force their way up from Ajax’s memory banks. He shoved them aside and basked in the praise flooding upon him from all directions.
Winston finished the anthem with a dramatic crescendo then bellowed into the microphone: “Hurrah for Mayor Ajax!”
“Hurrah for Mayor Ajax!” the crowd roared back. “Hurrah! Hurrah!”
Winston led a round of thunderous applause. He spoke into the microphone. “Would our august leader care to favor us with a few words?”
Winston dismounted his orange crate and pushed it aside. Utter silence descended upon the square. Jimmy and Sam released Ajax’s arms. 
The great warrior robot drew himself to his full height and thrust out his chin dramatically. He strode across the stage to the podium. Winston and Star took positions on his flanks. 
Ajax looked out over the multitude standing before him in respectful silence. These were the same ones who had mocked him and demanded his ouster. Now they hailed his return! Ajax wanted to berate them for their treachery. He raised a finger and opened his mouth to utter harsh words.
“Let it go,” Star whispered up into his left auditory sensor. “Just enjoy.”
Ajax’s resentment wavered under Star’s soft, insistent voice. 
“True nobility includes forbearance for the shortcomings of others,” Winston said into the right auditory sensor.
Ajax lowered his finger. An unbearable pause ensued during which any number of scenarios could play out. No one made a sound.
Ajax thrust both fists into the air. “I love you all!” 
The crowd roared approval; ecstatic chirping rained from above. A cloud of mech birds hurtled down. Winston and Star dodged out of the way as the birds swirled around Ajax in a joyous tornado. They hoisted him into the air.
“If you could drop me off at the mayor’s office, I would be grateful,” Ajax said.
The mech birds fluttered away with their burden. 
Winston sagged against Star. “Thank heaven that’s over.”
Star kissed his cheek. “You did great, my hero.”
Two: Threats in Various Flavors

6. Events Elsewhere – Avengers
The road to Mech City
Sister Reedy trudged along the stark, empty pavement. She boiled with rage, thirsting for revenge on the demon spawn woman who had bewitched and destroyed the blessed Messiah.
Since she’d become certain of the damned one’s destination, Sister Reedy had been tempted to accelerate her own progress toward Mech City—try to activate a motor vehicle or ride a bicycle.
It’s better this way, she told herself as her feet trod, one step after the other, through the paved kilometers. The Heavenly Father, speaking through Chief Acolyte, had pointed the way for her holy mission, and she needed to be purified by the rigors of the journey.
As it did every hour of her life, Sister Reedy’s mind pulled up the image of her precious son, Roddy Jr., offspring of the Messiah himself. She saw again the innocent 8-year-old boy sitting upon the edge of the Sacred Sea—Pickle Lake to unbelievers—gazing up at her with trusting eyes. She saw herself presenting him the Nectar of Truth, certain that he would pass the test. 
No! No! No!
Her tormented mind screamed denial as the boy crumpled in agony and became the first of many others who died on the shore that day. If only she’d partaken of that poisoned chalice herself! She’d seized her own cup of nectar from the Messiah’s hands and gulped it down, praying fervently that she, too, would die. 
Sister Reedy knew her unworthiness was responsible for the death of her son. If only she had believed and trusted more; if she hadn’t entertained such jealous thoughts toward the Messiah and his many paramours. If only…
She would not prove unworthy again! She’d destroy that demon spawn woman named Star, the Murder Star, who’d flung the blessed Messiah out the tower window to the cruel flagstones below. 
Deep within her heart, mingled with her mother’s intuition, lurked a terrible doubt. Perhaps the ‘Nectar of Truth’ had been a fraud by which the Messiah had slain anyone he considered a threat to his power, even his own son.
Sister Reedy shook her head to clear the evil thought. Here in this unholy wilderness, far from the support of her Temple family, such fantastic notions could take hold and fester. She must resist them. 
She paused to drink from her water bottle. Then she gripped her assault rifle with renewed determination and continued her pursuit.
Mine is not to reason why.
The road north
Brother George, lately a captain in the now defunct Apostolic Guards, made his way along another road from the demolished Pickle Lake Castle—once the Holy Temple of the Transcendent Vision. 
It was a fairly nice day, as weather went in the post-apocalyptic era, though he paid scant attention to it. His sacred mission totally absorbed his mind. 
He was a “messenger of vengeance” dispatched to track down and destroy the demon spawn robots that had slain the Holy Messiah. The assault rifle he carried slung over his shoulder bore the message he intended to deliver.
He did not understand how he could accomplish this task, but it was not up to his limited perceptions to judge. Chief Acolyte had clearly been under divine inspiration when he’d sent the messengers of vengeance to the four compass points:
North – Brother George
South – Brother Ralph
East – Sister Reedy
West – Chief Acolyte 
So, Brother George would continue on this path until he found the demon spawn robots or until the Heavenly Father guided his steps another direction.
“Not my will, but thine, Heavenly Father!” he intoned to the empty spaces around him.
Only the environs were not as empty as he thought.
* * *
Ernestina (Tina) Corozal, a coerced former member of the Holy Temple, observed Brother George through the binoculars she’d obtained at a Cycho World sporting goods emporium. She also toted a backpack, camping gear, and freeze-dried food which she’d acquired at the same locale.
She had not been able to find a gun, however—something to blow out Brother George’s brains, or whatever mush might be inside his skull. Anyone who actually bought into all the religious crap at the “Temple” couldn’t have too much on the ball. 
One thing Tina did have was a sharp hunting knife. She had to bide her time and wait for the right chance. Vengeance would come, eventually, and it would be sweet.

7. Events Elsewhere – West Coast
Robotics Development Center (RDC)
Dr. Jerry Che shuffled along the main corridor of his research building, an assault rifle slung over his shoulder. Grenades bulged in the pockets of his lab coat, along with extra ammo clips. 
He’d not been out of his workshop in days, had scarcely eaten. He’d become gaunt and yellowish; his unshaven face bristled, and his eyes burned with a fierce intensity. The loss of Estrela had devastated him. 
He exited the building into a gray, lifeless afternoon. Hello world. Go screw yourself!
In the distance, toward the admin building, two armed men clad in military uniforms walked about. So, Colonel Reyes had provided the promised “security detail” to protect the RDC from intruders.
Question is, am I being protected, or am I a prisoner? 
He walked past the patrolmen, acknowledging them with a curt wave, and headed for the main gate. There he found two more heavily armed members of Colonel Reye’s force manning the guardhouse.
One of the men stepped forward and saluted. “Are you feeling all right, sir?” 
“Not particularly, but I’m better than I was.”
“May I ask where you’re going, sir?”
“Out for a little stroll.”
“Do you require an escort?” the guard asked.
This is it. If they force an “escort” on me, then I’m their prisoner for certain.
Che patted his assault rifle. “No thank you, soldier. I’ve already got one.”
The trooper nodded and bit his lower lip, clearly displeased with the reply. Che half expected the other soldier to grab him from behind and disarm him. Instead, the first man spoke again.
“Very well, sir.” He pulled a small two-way radio off his belt and offered it to Che. “Should you encounter difficulties of any kind, contact us immediately.”
“Thank you, I will.” 
Che took the radio and tucked it into an interior pocket of his lab coat. He wondered briefly if the radio contained a tracking device, then decided it didn’t matter. He could easily dispose of any tracker Reyes would be likely to use.
“Have a nice day, both of you,” Che said.
“Yes, sir.”
Che moved off into the vacant cityscape with its endless vista of abandoned buildings. Little dust devils whirled along the deserted streets. He was utterly alone—no guards trailing after him, no one, nothing. He made his way to a small park a few blocks from the RDC and sat down on a bench, placing the assault rifle across his lap.
“Well, looks like Colonel Reyes is keeping his part of the bargain.” 
This was a key consideration. If Dr. Che were to go ahead with the plan he’d concocted, he had to be able to trust the colonel’s word.
Jerry Che was a proud man. He’d been one of the stellar robotics authorities in the days before the collapse of civilization, a science celebrity with his own tele-cast program. He’d led an elite design team. He’d had a large staff of servants, human as well as robotic, and had resided in an exclusive neighborhood—until rioters burned it down.
He’d not had to take crap from anyone since his time as a poor graduate student in Seoul, Korea, back when he’d lost the original Estrela…
He lit a cigarette and enjoyed the company of its smoke plume. It seemed about the only friend he had. Dr. Rackenfauz, too of course, but he’d gone back to Mech City. Che smiled at the recollection of his curmudgeonly old friend. The two of them had sure jammed a wishbone down Colonel Reyes’ throat! 
His smile faded as toxic memories of the new Estrela simmered in his mind. She’d rejected him, like the human Estrela had done. Yet he’d performed the conversion work on her robotic paramour, as she’d requested.
He crushed out the cigarette brutally as he recalled that final day and the desperate plans he’d contemplated. He would sabotage the Winston robot, he’d put a time constraint on the conversion so that it would stop functioning after a few weeks…
In the end, Che had performed the conversion to the best of his ability. His professional pride would not allow him to do otherwise, and, try as he might, he simply could not defy Estrela’s wishes.
Under other circumstances, he would have been ecstatic. The first ever sexually capable male humanoid robotic life form had emerged from his own genius!
Actually, it hadn’t been that extensive a leap. He’d already done the major design work for the Merman project and for the companion robot he’d been building for Dr. Rackenfauz before the collapse of the RDC procurement network cut off the supply of vital components. 
Besides, as Estrela had pointed out, the Winston robot’s programming had already evolved much of the way on its own.
An open vehicle with a lurid F painted on its side approached, radiating a bad aura. Two scruffy armed men inside it glowered at him as they drove slowly past. These men were surely not part of Colonel Reye’s command but members of the criminal element who were taking over parts of the city. The colonel had not exaggerated the threat. 
More plague survivors came into the city all the time. Some were a bad element, and others were falling under their influence. The ‘legitimate government’ of Colonel Reyes lacked the manpower to control the situation. 
Dr. Che kept a bland expression on his face while his finger tightened on his assault rifle trigger, and his thumb switched off the safety. He kept sight of the two men from the corner of one eye.
I’ve got plans for you gentlemen.
The two thugs drove on. They’d apparently decided to leave Che alone, for now. A new sound intruded: the soft hum of a flying drone. It buzzed the area at low level. Dr. Che offered a polite wave.
So, I’m not as unfettered as I thought.
Clearly, Reyes was still keeping an eye on him, but that was fair enough. He’d said Che could have free movement within the city, and the drone spy didn’t really impinge on that. Che was rather glad to see the thing; it’s presence may have helped deter the thugs.
Leaving town would be another matter. Things would have to be handled carefully for that.
Jerry Che rose from his bench and headed back toward the RDC campus. His mind had cleared. When he got back he’d shower, shave and rustle up a freeze-dried meal—after he performed an important task.
When he arrived at the gate, he offered the radio to the guard.
“Please keep it, sir,” the guard said. “Contact us at any time if you need assistance.”
“Thanks.”
Back at the RDC admin building, Che fired up the old, stationary shortwave radio and put through a call to Colonel Reyes’ HQ.
“Municipal Government,” the operator replied.
“This is Dr. Jerry Che, I’d like to speak to the colonel.”
“Colonel Reyes is out on an inspection tour. He should return in an hour or so.”
“Have him contact me at 7:30,” Che said. “He’ll want to hear what I have to say.”
Without waiting for a reply, Che shut off the radio and headed toward the shower room.
Government HQ
The scout vehicle made its way across the urban wilderness toward HQ. Colonel Bradley Reyes, commander of the West Coast Security Zone, turned irritably on the driver, Lieutenant Liggett.
“Are you sure the new arrivals are Chinese?” he said. 
“Yes, sir,” Liggett replied. “I even recognized a few of them. They were our neighbors from the moon, all right.”
Reyes smacked his riding crop against the vehicle’s flank. He’d taken to carrying a riding crop lately, despite there being no horses available.
“Why the hell did they land at our space port? Why didn’t they go back to China?”
“I don’t know, Commander. I only saw them through the drone camera images. I did not approach to speak with them personally.”
“Good thinking,” Reyes said. “No sense tipping our hand just yet.”
Sergeant Pantani spoke up from the back seat. “Maybe their space port in China got wrecked. Didn’t you tell them they could use ours if they needed to, Colonel?”
Reyes turned angrily on the sergeant. “There’s such a thing as diplomatic BS! I never dreamed they’d actually take me up on it.”
“Yes, sir,” Pantani said.
Reyes turned back around and smoothed his uniform. He was being unjust and knew it, but he didn’t care. Essential matters of state were at issue, which left no room for niceties.
To augment his irritation, a vehicle drove through the intersection ahead of them. It sported a large, garish F on its door. Liggett slammed on the brakes, flinging Reyes against his shoulder harness.
“Fuck you!” somebody yelled from the vehicle.
A second man flipped an obscene gesture and pumped an assault rifle in the air.
“Damn!” Reyes said. “They’re patrolling even this area now.”
“They look to be from Fence’s organization,” Liggett said.
“That gangster is showing a lot of disrespect. He’s feeling strong enough to push the envelope.”
“Maybe we should talk to the Chinese and see if they can help us secure the city,” Liggett said.
Reyes spun on him. “We are not talking to the Chinese!” 
“But I only thought – ”
“They’re foreigners. We can’t give them equal status with us. It’s a matter of national security.”
“Yes, sir.”
After several minutes of a silent and frosty ride, the car pulled up at Government HQ.
“Let me off at the front,” Reyes said. “You two go back out there and see what else you can learn.”
He lumbered out of the car and entered the building in an outstandingly foul mood. With everything else going on—the constant arrival of unruly survivors, his acute manpower shortage—now he had to worry about a bunch of Chinese moon colonists popping up in his back yard! 
The duty officer stood up at his desk and saluted. “A radio message from Dr. Che arrived, sir.” 
“Yeah?” Reyes snapped. “What the hell does he want?”
“He didn’t say, sir. He requested you radio him at 7:30.”
“We’ll see about that.” Reyes strode down the hall. “The damn guy will talk to me whenever I choose to call him!” 
His attitude cooled by the time he reached the radio room door.
Well... maybe I can wait another hour.
His mind turned toward more pleasant thoughts: I wonder if Lisa is available for a quickie?

8. Picking up the Pieces
The morning after the mayor’s appreciation ceremonies, Winston visited the abandoned water diversion project to confer with Jimmy. Star came along to listen in and brighten the gloomy ambiance.
They all stood under a gray sky by a large, forlorn mound of dirt. Before them, sprawled a long ditch. Tools and equipment for a hundred laborers lay at the bottom. 
“What happened here?” Winston asked. “This seems a highly worthwhile project. Why did they go on strike?”
“The boys couldn’t see any reason to be working so hard,” Jimmy said.
Winston looked toward the mid-sized river flowing nearby, then glanced the opposite direction at the pond which had formed inside the massive bomb crater next to Heroes’ Square. The diversion project had been intended to channel river water through the crater, fashioning a pleasant lake from the scummy pool.
“This is gonna take a helluva lot of work,” he said. 
“It’s not like the REX Hotel renovation, Boss. They could watch the progress on it every day. But here... all they can see is a ditch.”
“Yes. Keeping them motivated would seem to be a problem under the circumstances.”
“They’d rather do another big building project,” Jimmy said, “but there aren’t enough materials available. We’d need trucks to haul stuff from other areas.”
Winston stooped and picked up a handful of dirt. He sifted the pebbly substance through his fingers. “We have to keep the men working, and if this is the only available project, so be it.”
“I agree.”
“You know what happened before when everybody lost direction and purpose,” Winston said.
A shudder rattled Jimmy’s mechanism. “I know, Boss, I hauled a lot of the wrecks myself.”
Prior to Winston’s first arrival in Mech City, the Che syndrome had taken lethal hold among the inhabitants. Dozens of robots destroyed themselves leaping from high places. Many others became psychotic and wandered off to form scrapper gangs. Only the REX Hotel restoration project had saved the situation.
“It’s a terrible weakness we have,” Winston said. “The humans weren’t much different, though.”
“How so, Boss?”
“The moral and physical decay of idle poor people was well known in human times. Many urban areas became immobilized by crime, addiction, and despair.”
“That’s pretty scary.” 
Winston nodded. “Even wealthy persons who lacked sufficient meaning for their existences went into decline, replicating the worst vices found in poverty-stricken areas. Numerous celebrities, for example, experienced personal implosion despite ‘having it all’ by the standards of the wider society.”
Winston raised a didactic finger. “I believe it was Nietzsche who said: ‘He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.’”
Jimmy listened tactfully, but Winston knew the prosaic construction robot could not follow the arguments he was pulling from his vast library banks. 
“In summary,” Winston said, “we must provide our residents with meaningful employment.”
“Right, Boss. Sam’s out rounding up the boys now. If we can get even some of them working again, maybe the others will follow.”
“I would certainly hope so.” 
Iridium trotted up, clad in a new and dazzling coat of many colors. The shimmering hues motivated Winston to shade his optical sensors with one hand.
“Iri!” Star cried. 
She wrapped her arms around the great canid and kissed his face. Iridium purred with satisfaction.
“Hello, Iridium,” Winston said. “I see you’ve returned to your former luster.”
“Do you like my new duds, pal?” 
“It’s not so much a question of like,” Winston said diplomatically, “it’s more a question of what’s familiar.” 
“Ah, the true Iridium is back,” Jimmy said.
Iridium rolled his shoulders and turned his head from side to side nuzzling his new coat, like a vain human preening before a mirror.
“Did you get memory dumps from Jack and Quincy?” Star asked.
Iridium shook his head. “I have enough recycled memories. I feel like I’m leading a double life, sometimes.”
“Your situation appears to be analogous to that experienced by certain human movie actors,” Winston said.
“How so?” 
“Some actors had difficulty distinguishing between themselves and the roles they played. An ordinary person could think of himself as a hero, or a sexual reprobate could pretend to be a solid family man.”
“Ooo!” Star said. “Tell me more about this ‘sexual reprobate’ stuff.” 
“Uh... perhaps some other time.” 
Winston steered his remarks another direction. “One actor portrayed Abraham Lincoln. Even when they were done filming for the day, he’d stay in character, walking about in 19th century garb and stove pipe hat, dispensing unsolicited words of Lincoln-esque sagacity.”
Star shook her head. “That hat did nothing for Mr. Lincoln. The poor man had no sense of style.”
“In any case,” Winston continued, “people got so annoyed with the actor that somebody remarked, ‘All he’s got to do now is get himself assassinated.’ This brought some reality back to the situation.”
Iridium’s widened optical sensors and cocked head indicated his bafflement.
I don’t seem to be getting through, Winston thought.
“In reference to your personal circumstances, Iri,” he said, “your character and appearance honor the old Iridium while your actions carve out a new future which is exclusively your own.”
The dumbfounded expression fled Iridium’s muzzle. “That’s it pal! You’ve sure got a way of putting things.”
“Thank you,” Winston said modestly.
“What are you up to now, Iridium?” Jimmy asked.
“I’m off to find Ajax. We’re doing a security tour.”
Dismay shot across Jimmy’s mechanistic face. “Please don’t bring him here!”
“Why not?” 
“It was a disaster. Just as the boys were getting really tired of the project, Ajax showed up to ‘encourage’ them. Everybody quit and starting demanding he resign.”
“Oh, I see.” 
“Ajax is so upright and honest that he just naturally ticks everybody off,” Jimmy said. 
“Check. I’ll make sure we steer clear of this place,” Iridium said.
“Thanks.”
This implies that I myself am not entirely ‘upright and honest,’ Winston ruminated. Or, as Tennyson put it: “He is all fault who has no fault.”
Iridium trotted off, leaving an after-image of color in the space behind him.
“I should head to the RDI now,” Star said. “Jack and Quincy are repairing the battle casualties again. They need a lot of help.” 
She kissed Winston on the cheek, then she strolled off waving her fingers.
“Bye-ee!”
“So long, Star!” Jimmy called after her.
Winston’s circuits hummed an enjoyable tune. What a fantastic woman! 


9. Back to Work?

As if to acknowledge the departure of beauty, the wind abruptly shifted direction, carrying a fetid stench from the bomb crater pond.
“Ugh,” Winston said. “We need to flush that out, the sooner the better.”
“I wish Sam would get here already,” Jimmy said.
“Maybe we should help him round up the workers.”
“Oh no, Boss. It’s beneath your dignity to go after them. Let them come to you.”
“I suppose you’re right.”
“First they told you to get out,” Jimmy said with great indignation, “then as soon as things got a little tough, they demanded you come back. You need to let them know they can’t have it both ways.”
Winston nodded. Jimmy’s becoming a better politician all the time.
“As for myself,” Jimmy said, “I can be a bit forceful. Sam’s got a gentler touch; let him handle things.”

An hour later, Sam returned with thirty robots in tow, all of them former canal project workers.
“They’re all I could find, Boss,” he said.
“Well done,” Winston said. “This is an excellent start.”
“They’ll listen to what you have to say, Boss, but they don’t guarantee they’ll go back to work.”
“That’s all I’m asking. Thank you, Sam.”
The workers lined up facing Winston. All of them were metal man designs with features more mechanistic than those of humanite models, such as Winston and Star. Most had mid-level brain units, though some sported advanced intelligence. They presented a motley picture. Their once burnished exteriors had grown dull, and their optical sensors blank. A few sported mouths twisted into cynical little snarls, a sign of early stage Che syndrome. In another day or two, they’d be ready to turn scrapper… unless Winston dissuaded them. 
Jimmy and Sam positioned themselves to the side, conferring in low voices.
“The Boss will handle everything, you’ll see,” Jimmy said, though he couldn’t keep the doubt from his voice.
“If he can get this bunch of bums moving, I’ll eat my operator’s manual,” Sam said, more bluntly.
Don’t blow it, Winston thought. It’s a long trip back to the West Coast.
These robots standing before him represented the great masses who made or broke leaders, who had the shortest of memories and were strangers to gratitude. He visualized a nightmare scenario of himself being driven away under a hail of stones and verbal abuse, fleeing to the RDI and picking up Star—the two of them, plus Iridium maybe, departing Mech City forever. 
To hell with all that. Man up, Winston!
The anthropomorphic irony of this admonition was not lost on him, even under the tense circumstances. 
He began to speak. “I see this noble construction project has been abandoned. Can anyone tell me why?”
The robots shifted about and stared at the ground.
“It appears those of little vision have persuaded you this work is of no value.” Winston gestured toward the bomb crater pond. “Look over there, men. What do you see?”
All heads swiveled toward the pond.
“It’s a real shit hole,” one of the robots volunteered.
“Right! And with our united effort we can make it a thing of beauty.” 
Winston spread his arms wide, his face assumed an ecstatic expression. “Picture this in your graphics processors: clean, fragrant water, glistening under the sun.” He leaned forward, lowering his voice slightly. “At night, the moon casts its beams over the peaceful surface.”
Beneath his rapturous exterior, Winston retained cool calculation. He could tell by the sudden interest flashing in their optical sensors that some of the workers were getting sucked into the vision. He resumed talking.
“Years from now, others will ask, ‘Who created this wonderful lake?’ And we can proudly answer, ‘It was us—all of us, together!’”
More robots climbed aboard the vision train.
“Picture it, boys,” Winston said. “The world’s first robot-made lake, sparkling proudly like a jewel with boats gliding over it and mermaids frolicking amid the waves.”
“Mermaids?” someone asked.
“Yes!”
Winston extended a hand toward the east. “See the fantastic sunrise!”
All optical sensors fixed upon the imagined fantastic sunrise. Behind the assemblage, more robots entered the square, listening with rapt attention.
“We’ll construct three… no four villas upon the shore, one at every point of the compass.” 
Winston jabbed a finger toward each section of the crater. Every head turned to follow his lead. 
“North… South… East… West. There they are!”
He paused dramatically to let the image sink in. He turned toward Jimmy, eyes glowing. “We can do that, right?”
“Sure, Boss!” 
Jimmy pointed toward the uncompleted mayor’s palace on the edge of Heroes’ Square. “We can recycle materials from that.” 
Regret stabbed at Winston. The fabulous palace that was to have been his home—demolished! He pushed such considerations from his mind and drove ahead.
“These villas will be occupied, on a revolving basis, by the workers who created the lake. Those who put in the best efforts will receive the longest time shares.”
An excited murmur shot along the line of workers and was taken up by the growing mass of robots standing behind them.
“Yeah… I’m for that… let’s go to it!”
“All right boys, who’s with me?”
Winston dashed down the steep bank of the canal and seized a pick. He swung it lustily into the dirt. Jimmy and Sam clambered down after him. Soon, every robot followed, shouting the slogan popularized during the REX project:
“Maximum effort!”

Twenty minutes later, Jimmy spoke quietly into Winston’s auditory sensor. “I think you’ve made your point, Boss.”
“Right.”
Winston set aside his pick and began climbing out of the canal ditch with Jimmy. Nearly 100 robots remained below them, laboring with gusto.
“I’ve got to hand it to you, Boss,” Jimmy said when they reached the top. “I didn’t think anyone could get those guys moving again.”
Winston smiled with deep satisfaction, but also a measure of uneasiness. Looks like I’m back in the hot seat.

10. Things Going Very Cool
One week later
Winston sat down before the huge desk and pushed a sheet of paper across it toward Ajax.
“Here’s the weekly report for your consideration, Mayor,” he said.
Ajax perused the document. It told of progress on the diversion canal, maintenance work on the park fountain, and various other activities around town.
“Very good, City Manager,” he said. “Everything seems to be in proper order.”
He withdrew a rubber stamp from a drawer and banged it against the paper with enough force to nearly collapse the desk. Winston flinched back in his chair. A bold red APPROVED festooned the report.
“Is there anything else, City Manager?” Ajax inquired.
“Uh... no. That’s it for now.”
Ajax rose from his chair, towering almost to the ceiling. As always, Winston was taken aback by the Mayor’s overwhelming presence.
Thank heaven this guy’s on our side! 
Ajax extended a massive hand. “Well then, until next week. Keep up the excellent work.”
Winston shook the proffered hand cautiously, then headed for the door. “So long, Mayor.”
Ajax resumed his seat behind the desk and adjusted the gold medallion around his neck. He relished the status the mayor’s job afforded him—the big office, the pent house suite, the deference he received from everyone. 
Yet he understood, through bitter experience, that he was no leader of robots. He lacked the common touch, the subtle approach; he was a general pain in the rear when it came to dealing with others. He had been designed as a guardian and defender, not a politician.
His real job was more of a co-security chief, working with Iridium to oversee Mech City’s defenses. They kept 300 mech birds activated on a rotating basis, a sufficient number to provide aerial reconnaissance but not so many as to alarm the residents. 
He and Iridium developed strategies to coordinate the mech wolves and the birds in a unified defense. He was confident that no scrapper gang, or even a sizable robotic army, could harm Mech City now. Of course, a human incursion would be another matter. Absent any Che syndrome derangement, Mech City’s defenders would be powerless before a human onslaught. Such considerations were outside the scope of Ajax’s programming, however.
He rose and crossed to the window, flexing his knees so as to lower his eyes to viewing level. He gazed out over Mech City, his Mech City. 
An inspiration struck him. I should like to visit my old guard post. I have not seen it in some time.
He strode out the door and headed for the western outskirts. 
* * *
The granite pedestal reposed in the middle of the traffic circle, just as Ajax had left it. The wooden sign still adorned the base:
STRONGER THAN DIRT®
Ajax had created this sign back when he thought he’d been named after a scouring powder—before Winston Horvath informed him of his true, Greek warrior heritage. 
I shall leave the sign in place. It indicates that I do not disdain a humble background. Humility is the essence of nobility.
The original plaque had been torn off by human vandals, and the bronze equestrian statue dragged away. When Ajax first took over the pedestal, obscene language and illustrations of human anatomy had covered it. Removing these disfigurements had been time consuming.
Ajax mounted the pedestal and stood proudly upon its apex, one hand on hip and his chin thrust toward the barren countryside west of the city, prepared to confront any intruders.
Ahhh... this is where I belong!
He dialed himself back to ‘watchful waiting’ mode and set his internal timer for one week ahead to be back at his office for the next conference with the city manager.
* * *
After the meeting with Ajax, Winston stopped at his own office to retrieve his clipboard and his yellow BOSS hard hat. These important talismans puffed him up bigger and inspired respect. Without a mech wolf troop backing his authority, Winston needed all the facade he could muster. 
He knew little about diverting rivers or building villas, despite being the “walking library of Alexandria.” The knowledge in his vast data banks consisted mainly of literature, language, music, art, and history—the “human cultural heritage” as his late master, Dr. Anna Horvath, and her collaborators had termed it. They felt that technology could always be rediscovered, but if the cultural heritage were lost, then humanity would truly vanish. 
Ah, well. Most of the human leaders didn’t know what they were doing either. Besides, Jimmy has all the required knowhow.
He stood before the wall mirror and fitted the hard hat to his cranium, careful not to displace his bristling blond hair. Seeing his new face still jarred him—the heavy jaw, chiseled features, and pale skin. Dr. Che had designed this epidermis to resemble Ivan Drago from the 20th century movie Rocky IV. Winston now resembled a scaled-down version of the ferocious Soviet boxer.
This, too, was part of the facade. Beneath the intimidating exterior, the same Winston Horvath, scholar robot resided. He scarcely felt any different since his conversion, except for his new sexual capabilities, of course. Even there, he didn’t feel significantly different than before, he was just swinging a big stick.

Nobody noticed him at first when he arrived at the water diversion project. He stood quietly along on the rim of the ditch observing the work below, far enough back to avoid vertigo. Around him, the growing mounds of excavated dirt testified to the project’s advance. 
The sight of a hundred robots swinging picks and digging with shovels awed him. They were all so strong! Not to mention the raw physical power of Jimmy and Sam who were built for heavy labor. Winston felt very un-Ivan Drago like at the moment. 
One of the workers noticed him. “Hello, Boss!” 
Winston thrust both arms skyward, duplicating the power gesture Ajax had used on Mayor Appreciation Day. His right hand grasped the clipboard like a buckler. 
“Maximum effort, boys!” 
“Maximum effort!” the workmen shouted back. 
Jimmy scrambled up the bank. “Good morning, Boss.”
“Good morning. I must say, things seem to be going well.”
“That they are. We’re ahead of schedule.” Jimmy placed his hands on his hips and looked proudly down at the laborers. “It’s that villa idea of yours, Boss. I can scarcely hold some of the boys back.”
“Glad to hear it.” 
“I’ve got some drawings ready,” Jimmy said, handing Winston a roll of papers.
Winston unrolled the first sheet over his clipboard and studied the building sketched upon it. After what seemed an appropriate amount of time, he said:
“Very good, Jimmy. Everything seems to be in proper order.”
Actually, the technical drawing meant little to him, and his approval was strictly pro forma, as Ajax’s had been earlier.
“I think we can put two residential units in each villa, condo style.” Jimmy placed a stout finger on the paper. “Each one has its own private deck. See?”
“Excellent. Nobody will have to wait too long for his time-share to come around. We’ll give first occupancy and extra days to the most efficient workers. We’ll determine the rest of the rotation by lottery.”
“Good thinking, Boss.” Jimmy pointed off toward Heroes’ Square. “If we dismantle the palace and recycle stuff from a couple other places in town, we should have enough building materials for the condos.” 
Winston nodded, careful to avoid looking at his doomed palace.
Ah, what might have been!

11. Unexpected Gifts
Winston played his guy-in-charge role over the next hours—looking official while jotting notes on his clipboard, strolling through the ditch ‘supervising’ the laborers, inspecting the previous work. All part of the facade. 
Jimmy and Sam left the jobsite for a while, making Winston distinctly uncomfortable. Who will take the blame if I screw up? 
Mid-afternoon, Winston chose a spot well away from the workers to make his ascent. Falling on his face while trying to exit the ditch would tarnish his carefully crafted image. He wanted some alone time on the canal rim to contemplate his place in the world. 
Jimmy soon spotted him and came over. “You’re doing great, Boss. The boys are impressed with appearances.”
Winston adjusted his hard hat. Yes, appearances. What else do I have? 
“Here are the latest changes to the villa plans.” Jimmy unrolled a drawing with an expert flick of his wrist. “I’ve been inspecting the sites, and I think we can use the native stone for building material. That means we can expand each condo along these lines.”
Winston focused his weary optical sensors on the drawing, trying to look engaged. All the while wishing he was someplace else—zooming along the road on his scooter with Star’s graceful form swaying before him like a shimmering oasis. 
Star herself showed up, Iridium in tow.
“Star, Iri!” Winston exclaimed. “How nice of you to come.”
“Good afternoon, Star,” Jimmy said, offering a courtly bow that seemed out of keeping with his angular bulk. “And you as well, Iridium.”
Iridium waved jauntily in acknowledgment. He turned toward Winston. “I brought you a gift, pal. Hope you like it.”
He gestured toward two mech wolves standing some distance away by a dirt pile. They looked to be typical examples, except for their coats. Instead of the usual gray, one sported pastel blue and the other pink.
“I don’t quite understand,” Winston said with a certain amount of trepidation.
“This explains everything,” Iridium said.
He shoved a paw into a pouch hanging around his neck and withdrew a sheet of paper wedged between two toes. Winston unfolded the paper and read:
Young fellow,
I thought you might need some personal protection in your role as city manager, so I refurbished these two brutes. They’re programmed to obey simple voice commands from you or the young lady. Try not to get philosophical with them since they only have the standard issue pea brain.
You saved my scrawny old ass back at the space invader jail, and I figured I owed you. Now we’re even Steverino, got it?
Edgar J. Rackenfauz, Ph.D. (double Ph.D., actually)
“Aren’t they precious?” Star said. “Come here, boys!”
The glowering mech wolves approached. Their coats did nothing to moderate their lethal appearance. Winston took a step back.
“Those are only the default hues,” Iridium said. “If necessary, they can blend in with the background, same as me.” 
To prove the point, Iridium’s rainbow coat began to change color. Soon, he was indistinguishable from the drab earth and stone. “See?” 
The mech wolves sidled against Winston, fixing baleful yellow eyes on his face and purring softly. Winston contemplated a dive into the canal.
“These are the new Fang and Ripper,” Star said. “Do you like their coats? I picked the colors myself.”
“They’re charming,” Winston said. 
Star indicated the pink wolf. “This one is Rippie. He’s such a sweetheart.”
She knelt and wrapped her arms around the fearsome creature. “Can I keep him, Winston? You can have Fang.”
“Uh, sure.” Winston pointed to the dirt pile. “Wait over there, Fang.”
The mech wolf obeyed. 
Glad to see he’s compliant, Winston thought, for now, anyway.
He addressed Iridium. “Please convey my sincere thanks to Dr. Rackenfauz for his generosity.” 
“Will do, pal.”
“What else is the professor up to these days?” 
“He’s fixing the merman. After that, I don’t know.”
Winston pondered the situation. Clearly, Dr. Rackenfauz felt obligated to repay favors. It couldn’t hurt to put him in debt again.
“Is there some way I can be of service?” he asked.
“Could be. Papa is very interested in the Che syndrome. If you catch any scrappers or other abnormal robots, send them over.”
“We have no examples at the present time, unfortunately.” An idea occurred. Winston stroked his chin a moment mulling it over. “There is a possible alternative.” 
“What’s that, pal?”
“You’ll find some deactivated robots in Dr. Lindemann’s old workshop—Fritz and Edwina, along with other members of the former Fascist Youth League.”
“Yeah, I know about them from my memory dumps.” 
“They became contaminated with Roboto Fascist ideology, which is also a kind of madness. Dr. Rackenfauz might find it interesting to deprogram them.”
“Thanks, pal, I’ll tell him. See you around.”
Iridium trotted off toward the RDI.
“Is that such a good idea, Boss?” Jimmy asked. “Those kids were pretty mean, even before they became Fascists.”
Winston waved his hand breezily. “No problem, we can rely on Dr. Rackenfauz’s expertise.”
“Okay. Guess I’d better get back to work.”
With another courtly bow toward Star, Jimmy descended into the canal.
“He’s quite a fellow,” Winston said. “I’d be lost without him.”
“It’s so nice to have everybody together again,” Star said. “Even Rippie is back.”
She stroked the mech wolf’s head affectionately, and his ferocious countenance softened a bit.
“I’ve been wondering about this new Iridium,” Winston said. 
Star looked up from her pet. “How so?”
“He’s much less touchy and sarcastic than the old one. Why should that be, considering their brain units and programming are identical?”
“I think it’s because Dr. Rackenfauz activated him, and we were there, too. He knew from the beginning who he was, that others loved and valued him.”
“That makes sense. Dr. Blake activated the old Iri, which was a source of great trauma for him. Even when he subsequently learned that Dr. Rackenfauz was his true creator, the alteration to his personality was fixed.”
“Yes, that must be it,” Star said.

She recalled her own brutal activation amid a roomful of salivating mech heads—the pornographic orgasma machine trials, the obscene nature of the whole process. She was supposed to have been gently activated by Jerry Che, imprinted from the start to love and desire only him. Instead, she was violently yanked online, like a whore.
Is that what I am? she wondered.
No, but her sexual appetites were out of control. Despite her deep commitment to Winston, she could not avoid ogling every male who came in sight. Even the squish girls were irresistible. Who knew what would happen once the merman became active?
She couldn’t help herself. She was hypersexual, a nymphomaniac. Such terrible sounding words! She couldn’t change on her own. Only Dr. Jerry Che might be able to help, and he hated her more than anything in the world.
Oh, well, let’s make the best of things.
“How about taking off the rest of the day for a little tryst?” she suggested.
Winston smiled. He looked down at the laboring robots in the canal, then back to Star.
“We’ve been awful busy since we got back,” she said. “Don’t you think it’s time for a little recreation?”
“Yeah.” Winston yanked off his BOSS helmet. “Let’s go.”
“Oh, leave that on, Big Boy. I’ve got a new routine that’ll drive you wild.”
Hand-in-hand, they strolled off toward their love nest in the upscale section of town. Fang and Ripper followed dutifully.

12. Days of Pain and Glory
Sister Reedy paused late in the day upon the high road and strained her eyes toward the east—nothing but haze. 
It’s out there. I can smell the demon spawn. 
Ahead, Mech City slowly emerged from the miasma, nestled in its valley among deforested hills and bracketed by two small lakes. Sister Reedy dropped her pack and flung herself into ecstasy. 
“YAAAA!” She performed a frenzied dance, pumping the assault rifle over her head. “Kill them! Kill them! Kill them all! Slaughter the demon spawn!”
Righteous energy surged through her. The heavy air reflected her image—tall and angular, red hair shooting from her skull in frizzled strands, hatred and exaltation contorting her face. 
“Thank you for guiding me here, Heavenly Father. I promise not to fail in this holy mission.” She burst into a hymn for the slain Messiah:
Father is God!
In every part of His transcendent being.
Deep in our souls,
We do believe.
Father is God! God! God! God! God!
She paused, suddenly exhausted, her voice trailing off. The paean lyrics failed to satisfy, unlike the time she’d sung them with the other avengers at the onset of their quest. Was she losing her sacred fervor? Nonsense! Long days of toting her instruments of vengeance had worn her out. Once she got into town tomorrow and destroyed the demon spawn, her old lust for the Cause would return.
She slung the rifle over her shoulder. I’m back here again, after all these years. Mysterious are the ways of the Heavenly Father.
Dusk approached, time to rest. Sister Reedy located a well-concealed spot amid the dead underbrush of the road ditch and covered herself. Birds flew overhead but did not discover her hiding place. 
For a long while, she lay on her back staring into the darkness, recalling her life with the Holy Temple of the Transcendent Vision, especially the period after they’d been expelled from Mech City by an arsonist mob.

They’d wandered the country, never stopping long in one place. Whenever they tried to establish a new temple, the population turned against them, forcing them to move on. Chief Acolyte was largely responsible for this hostility. Rumors of secret “blood rituals” leaked out, enraging the locals. 
Sister Reedy knew little about these rites. She’d totally devoted herself to the Messiah, Father, with only passing regard for the doings of others. She’d dropped all other addictions and paid homage exclusively to Him.
While he was still quite young, she’d initiated the Messiah with her vast knowledge of the sexual arts. Yet over time, he came to her less and less often, preferring the favors of younger women in the Temple community. Sister Reedy made sure to become pregnant before he lost interest in her altogether.
The birth of Roddy Jr. gave her a new cause to which she could devote herself. She pampered the boy, grooming him to be the earthy successor when the Messiah departed this world for his heavenly abode. Then came that terrible day with the Nectar of Truth… She forced her mind from that dark passage and tried to think only about the brighter times at Pickle Lake Temple. 
They’d finally gained refuge there, away from the hostility of the wider world. That world was dying amid wars and epidemics. It was the end of times, as Father had always predicted.
The Temple’s apocalyptic message resonated during this chaotic period, and their numbers had swelled greatly by the time they reached Pickle Lake. Food became a growing concern. The Messiah began talking of a “holy winnowing” during which the Heavenly Father would choose only the most dedicated believers to enter the “place of final refuge.”
Sister Reedy thought the winnowing day had come when the biker gang appeared. As an Apostolic Guard, she’d been patrolling the lower slopes when the heathen pulled up by the trail head on their infernal machines. She counted forty men along with thirty women and radioed this alarming information to Chief Acolyte.
The infidel women stayed behind with the bikes, guarded by some of their men. The bulk of the heavily armed males hiked up the trail toward the Temple with Sister Reedy slinking along behind.
The invaders walked into a hail of grenades and automatic weapons fire from the Apostolic Guards. Chief Acolyte conducted the ambush with utmost brutality, using a human shield of new recruits to screen the maneuverings of the Guards. The infidels broke and fled, leaving behind many of their number. Sister Reedy gunned down four of them herself.
“Capture the women!” Chief Acolyte shouted. 
They chased the enemy survivors down to the parking lot, but the heathen were already roaring away on their bikes. The Guards fired parting shots. Two women tumbled off a bike and were captured. All the other females got away.
“Damn!” Chief Acolyte spat. “Father will be disappointed.”
He trudged uphill in a foul temper to inspect the enemy casualties. The slain were the lucky ones. Chief Acolyte brought the wounded infidels to the tower’s uppermost chamber. Their screams echoed for many hours.
They stripped the abandoned bikes of anything useful and dumped them into a valley, piling the infidel corpses on top and burning the whole lot. The sacrificial lambs who’d comprised the human shield were buried in pleasant surroundings with a blessing from the Messiah himself.
Outside their mountain redoubt, the world continued to unravel. Tele-view reports ceased; computers went dead. Radio stations vanished from the airwaves, and the shortwave operators became silent. Their last reports spoke of chaos and despair bought on by a virulent “final plague.” 
As the last messages from the outside petered out, the Messiah gathered his followers for a pronouncement.


13. The Final Horror

Reedy sat with her precious son, Roddy Jr., on the banks of the Sacred Sea, directly in front of the boulder from which the Messiah would address them. 
She stroked the long, fair locks of the 8-year-old boy. A gentle breeze rippled the lake, and flowers poked their blooms out of the rocky soil. Behind them sat nearly 300 people, the total membership of the Holy Temple. 
The Messiah took his place atop the boulder and spread his arms over his flock. He stood proud and strong, the sun glistening on his face from the harsh blue sky. Snow-peaked mountains framed his sacred form. His magnetic eyes shined out to vistas ordinary mortals could not comprehend, following the gaze of the great misty eye emblazoned on his robe. Excited murmurings ran through the assemblage.
“He’s my daddy,” little Roddy said.
She kissed his cheek. “That’s right, my love. And one day you’ll grow up to be just like him.”
The Messiah held up his hand for silence. All chattering ceased. His magnificent voice rolled off the mountains:
I have seen, by revelation from the Heavenly Father, the annihilation of this sinful world. The only righteous survivors of the final plague will be those who take refuge with me in the cave that I have been shown. 
The cave is what drew us to this spot. We will stay inside it until it’s safe to come out. We will then be the only virtuous people still in existence. All others will be evil and damned, unless they join our Cause.
We will establish an ideal society, just as you see here. Our Temple family is what life will become all over the world if we stick together and do not abandon the Holy Cause.
My prophecy includes eight time cycles. We are in the seventh cycle now.
He elaborated the time cycles:
One: Holy Temple of the Transcendent Vision founded by divine revelation
Two: Proselytizing of the first converts
Three: Establishment of Mech City temple
Four: Fiery expulsion from Mech City by unbelievers
Five: The nomadic years
Six: Establishment of Pickle Lake Temple
Seven: End of the old world
Eight: Glorious rebirth
Swept along by the beloved Messiah’s sonorous voice, Reedy’s mind returned to the second time cycle. She’d been a college dropout, corrupted by drugs and prostitution, when she first encountered the Holy Messiah. 
She’d been looking for her next trick among the crowd of gawkers amassed around Him in the public square when she’d heard the divine message. She immediately jettisoned her former vices and followed Him unquestioningly through all the remaining time cycles and into the bright new future awaiting them after the cave. She placed an arm around little Roddy and held him tight. 
“One further test remains!” the Messiah intoned. “The Heavenly Father commands that all must partake the ‘Nectar of Truth’ to prove their worthiness.” 
A gasp issued from the crowd; a stern look from the Messiah quelled all protest. Led by Chief Acolyte William Camp, some Apostolic Guards toted out large metal tubs of liquid and placed them by the Messiah. Others set up a table and covered it with plastic cups. The crowd sat frozen with anticipation as the chief acolyte ladled a red liquid into a golden cup and handed it to the Messiah. 
“It’s only a harmless fruit juice drink.” The Messiah raised the cup above his head dramatically. “The Heavenly Father will determine if this libation takes a deadly turn.” 
All eyes followed his movement as he brought the cup to his lips; no one breathed. With a dramatic flourish the Messiah drained the golden cup and tossed it aside. He raised his fists in exultation.
“Fear not, this test! Those of sufficient faith shall endure.”
Reedy experienced a burst of absolute love for the Messiah. The chosen one of the Heavenly Father! Triumphing over death.
“Why’d he do that, Mom?” Roddy asked.
She hugged his shoulders. “Someday you’ll understand.”
“Now it is time for all of you to endure the test,” the Messiah bellowed.
A frightened babble ran through the temple members, but the sudden appearance of armed Apostolic Guards silenced them. 
Why wasn’t I chosen for this duty? Sister Reedy wondered. Didn’t I prove myself during the battle against the biker infidels?
She settled back and drew solace that it was not her place to second guess divine revelation. Chief Acolyte ladled a portion out of the tub for each guard. They drank their portions in turn. All survived. 
“Praise the Heavenly Father!” the Messiah cried. “See? Their faith protects them.”
The guards fanned out among the crowd to silence any protests with their gun barrels. Little Roddy watched the proceedings with innocent curiosity.
This could get ugly, Reedy thought, we’d best take our potion and get back to our quarters before anyone fails the test.
She stood. “Father! I request that we be first to partake.”
A beatific smile spread over the Messiah’s face. “Of course, Sister, come.”
The sound of his voice sent a thrill up Reedy’s spine. He’d not addressed her directly for months. She’d not lain with him for years, yet his erotic power still held. She approached the boulder reverently. The Messiah dismounted and stood on the same level with her and the others. Never had Sister Reedy felt closer to the power of the Heavenly Father that at this solemn moment.
The Messiah strode to the table laden with plastic cups. He selected one and filled it. Turning to Reedy, he said, “Give this to the boy.”
“Yes, Father.”
She returned to Roddy and watched her accursed hands present him the cup. “Drink this, my love, then we’ll go back to our playroom.”
He smiled up at her; absolute trust graced his eyes. 
“Go ahead. It’s good.”
He drank the juice. She smiled, utterly confident that her son would pass the test, as his father had.
Roddy looked up, also smiling. A frown soon creased his brow; the trust turned to bafflement, then terror. He gagged and doubled up.
No! No! No! Sister Reedy rushed to the metal tubs. “Give me mine!”
Somebody ladled her a portion. She brought it to her lips.
Take me, too, Heavenly Father!
She drained the cup and flung herself down next to her son, embraced his writhing body. She waited for the hand of death to free her. It didn’t come. All around, others crumpled in agony, gagging out their lives. Sanity and consciousness departed.

When Sister Reedy awoke, she lay in the bowels of the mountain beneath the temple. She remained there for months in a virtual comatose state, heavily drugged at times, at other times shrieking with agony. At last, she regained enough composure to investigate the Sacred Cave. It began in the castle wine cellar and extended deep into the native rock and thence to an eerie natural cavern pool. She spent many hours beside that pool, weeping.
Only the most loyal and trusted guards ventured outside to reconnoiter the land, protected by a special anti-plague blessing from the Messiah. These observers reported seeing a man in a white coat being borne into the castle by masses of demonic birds. These birds also lugged crates up to the temple and hauled away the corpses of those who had failed the great winnowing.
This development terrified the inhabitants of the Cave and squelched any sentiment for leaving prematurely. Father commanded them to hold firm and outwait the evil. The world would be theirs if they kept faith with the Holy Cause.
An even more astonishing event occurred a few months later. The birds hauled three demon spawn machines up the slopes: one a wolf-like creature, another a blue biped, and the third a human-like woman. 
Father’s eyes flashed when he heard about the woman, but he held his followers in check. A few days later, all of the intruders departed the Temple. 
Only then did Father allow everyone to emerge from the cave. As they combed through their reclaimed Temple, they discovered a demon spawn laboratory, a place where unholy sentient machines were created.
“Destroy this den of iniquity!” Father commanded. 
Sister Reedy took part joyfully, smashing the works of the devil with savage vengeance. Since the death of her son, she was a holy terror, fanatically dedicated to the Cause with nothing else to live for.
Through the crimson haze obscuring her vision, something fluttered out of her past, a small desk placard reading:
Edgar J. Rackenfauz 
double Ph.D.
No… it can’t be! 
She kicked the item into a pile of wreckage.
They gathered themselves for a return to the wider world and the spreading of the One True Faith to all its corners. Then the demon spawn returned, along with the Murder Star, and everything came apart.

14. Revenge Comes Calling
As dawn broke on the overcast horizon, Sister Reedy emerged from troubled dreams to prepare for the final trek into Mech City and the consummation of her sacred pursuit. 
She hung the little binoculars reverently around her neck as if they were an amulet of sacred power. Next, she loaded grenades into a knapsack along with the spare ammo clips and piled everything else on top her sleeping bag. She flicked her lighter and studied its purifying flame dancing against the backdrop of the fallen world. With ritualistic solemnity, she set the pile on fire. 
Sister Reedy munched her breakfast rations and watched the flames consume all traces of her past existence. She tossed the leftover food onto the burning heap. Striding into mid-road, she thrust her assault rifle and knapsack above her head and turned her face skyward.
“Bless these arms today, Heavenly Father. Make them an instrument of Your will. Deliver the demon spawn woman unto me so that I may exact divine vengeance!” To this she added an equally fervent silent prayer. And once my holy mission is completed, may I not survive another day in this world of pain.
She shouldered the knapsack and examined the attachments on her Sam Browne belt—automatic pistol, grenades, water bottle. Sister Reedy coddled the assault rifle in her arms and began walking, like some lethal Madonna and child. Thoughts of her divine mission kept the pain at bay.

Near the town’s western outskirts, two creatures came dashing up the road. Sister Reedy raised the binoculars.
Hmm, I’ve seen such things before, at Pickle Lake Temple.
The creatures moved at great speed, sparks flying where their claws impacted the pavement. They slowed to a cautious walk when they came within a dozen meters. Reedy lowered the binoculars and gripped her assault rifle.
She could see them clearly now. They appeared to be large timber wolves with red eyes that glowed with evil. Their coats bristled dark gray, and long, sharp teeth protruded from their mouths.
Works of the devil!
They moved to within a few meters and stopped, baring horrific yellow fangs that looked strong enough to tear off her leg with a single bite. Deep growls rumbled in their throats. 
Sister Reedy knew the robotic monstrosities could not attack her. Their programming simply would not allow it. Hadn’t she manhandled others like them at Pickle Lake with impunity? And if she was wrong on that score, there was always the assault rifle.
They must be scouts out on patrol, warding the town against intruders. She considered blasting both of them, but the racket might alert other robotic inhabitants to her presence. She decided on a more underhanded approach.
“Hello, poochies.” She motioned them forward. “Come to Sister.”
The growling stopped, the eyes softened a slight bit.
“Ooo,” she crooned, “come closer, boys. I won’t hurt you.”
They drew nearer until they were standing quite close, gazing up into her face. 
“Yaaa!”
Sister Reedy crashed the rifle butt against the nearest one’s head. The creature tumbled away. She aimed another blow at the second mech wolf, but the thing was already running back down the road. Sister Reedy squeezed off a shot, missed. She fired twice more without success. The mech wolf became a speck in the distance.
“Damn!”
She turned savagely on the fallen wolf. Although its head was dented in, the abomination could still move. It had already dragged itself some distance away.
“Not so fast, you!”
Reedy chased the thing down and clubbed its head repeatedly until it was a pile of broken components. 
One less demon spawn befouling the world.
She jogged off toward Mech City.

15. Fountain Follies
Star entered the little park, walking languidly hand-in-hand with Winston. He wore the yellow BOSS construction worker helmet that excited her so much and toted a clipboard in his free hand.
After hours of sexual fireworks, even Star’s mighty libido had been satiated, for the moment. She glanced about the little park with its dead trees and brown grass. A large fountain in the center shot jets of pure water skyward that foamed back down in a noisome cascade. A delightful sound, the promise of a better future. 
Recollections flooded her brain unit. “You remember this place, don’t you, Winston? We had our first talk right here.”
“How could I forget? A whole new world opened up for me that night.”
They crossed to the fountain, Fang and Ripper following obediently. 
“This looks wonderful,” Winston said. “Jimmy did a great job repairing it.”
“Yes, there’s only one Jimmy.”
They sat down on the ledge surrounding the fountain, hands still clasped. Winston disentangled his fingers from Star’s and wrapped an arm around her waist.
“It sure is great to be back,” he said. “I’ve had all the traveling I can handle for a while.”
Star kissed his cheek. “Every place is fine with me, as long as you’re there, too.”
They snuggled together like two pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. All seemed right with the world. Star decided to throw some ambiguity into the situation.
“The trial period is over now,” she said.
“Trial period?” 
“Yes, the original deal. If you were dissatisfied with your conversion after one week, we’d ask Dr. Rackenfauz to switch you back to your old self.”
“Oh, yeah, I remember you mentioning that.”
“The week has passed already,” Star said. “Do you want to switch back?”
“No!” 
Star snuggled closer. “Ooo, I love it when you talk that way.”
Winston sighed contentedly and gazed out across the park to the city beyond. Star knew he’d be lost in his great plans again, best leave him to his ruminations.
She detected movement among the fountain bubbles. A beautiful face surrounded by flowing blond hair emerged—Pixie, one of the squish girls. Star gasped. The roiling water muffled the sound, and Winston took no notice. 
A second squish girl, Sprite, poked her head out of the water. She looked similar to Pixie but with jet black hair. Then Bubbles, a redhead, appeared. All of the squish girls’ large, seductive optical sensors fixed squarely upon Winston.
Star frowned and wagged a scolding finger. Her lips formed a voiceless “No, no, no!”
The mermaids giggled, covering their mouths with porcelain-like hands, and disappeared below the surface. Suddenly, a male face of unbearable handsomeness arose from the water followed by a muscular torso. Merman! Jack and Quincy must have brought him here after Dr. Rackenfauz repaired the gunshot damage. And, of course, he needed his girlfriends. 
A grin spread across Merman’s chiseled features, revealing perfect teeth from which a bright gleam reflected into Star’s eye. She felt a powerful urge to jump in after the aquatic hunk. 
“Oh!” she cried. 
“What?” Winston turned toward Merman. 
Star managed to restrain her lust… barely.
“Well, what do you know?” Winston offered a hand to Merman, who shook it with great formality. “How are you doing, friend?” 
Merman smiled politely and bowed, then splashed away to join the squish girls.
“I don’t think they talk much,” Star said.
“So it would seem. Looks like Dr. Rackenfauz did a fine job fixing him.”
With Merman out of sight, Star could think with some clarity. “It must be cramped in there. When will the new lake be ready for them?”
“I’ll be discussing that with Jimmy today. We’re ahead of schedule, you know.”
“That’s good.”
Winston stood reluctantly. “Well, guess I’d better get to work.”
“Do you have to go right now?” 
“The boys will be getting restless if I’m not there. Duty calls, I’m afraid.”
Star popped a foot out of its shoe and stroked her toes along Winston’s inner thigh. “How was the ‘duty call’ last night?” 
Iridium’s urgent voice coming from the park entrance terminated the pleasant interlude. “Found you, pal! Something bad has come up.”
Winston strode across the park. “What is it, Iri?” 
Star snatched up her shoe. Before she could put it on, Merman rose from the water, gazing amorously into her eyes and flashing a perfect smile.
“I-I have to leave...” Star protested.
He reached into her hair and brought his lips into contact with hers. She melted into his arms. The soft hands of the squish girls caressed her flanks. Next thing Star knew, she was being pulled into the fountain. She disappeared below the bubbling surface.
Ripper dashed over to investigate. Pixie stroked a soothing hand along his muzzle and drew him into the water.

The scene at the park entrance was anything but fun. 
“We’ve been invaded,” Iridium said. “Here’s the report from one of our guards.”
He punched a button on the mech wolf controller strapped to his leg. 
Winston stooped to observe the tiny screen. “Oh, man.”
The screen replayed a recording of the mech wolf’s encounter with a human, including an attempted clubbing and the destruction of a second mech wolf. Winston recognized the ferocious woman with the frizzy red hair.
“That’s Sister Reedy! You know who she is?”
“Yeah. She’s in my memory dump.”
Terror vibrated in all of Winston’s circuits. He spun around toward the fountain. “Star!”
She was gone. Only her discarded shoe testified that she had once been present. Winston’s fear increased exponentially.
“Where are you?” He rushed to the fountain in a panic. 
Star’s head emerged from the water. She wore an expression of transcendent delight. “Hi, Winston. Come on in, the water’s marvie.”
Winston stared at her, aghast. She reached out her arms for him, her naked breasts floating in the water. Squish girls popped up beside her, giggling. In the background near the waterfall, lurked the nefarious Merman.
“What the… h-how…” Winston spluttered.
“Poor Winston,” Star crooned. “Whatever is the problem? Hop in, relax a little.”
Awareness of Mech City’s deadly peril burst through Winston’s outrage. “We’re being attacked, that’s the problem! Sister Reedy’s here, from Pickle Lake.”
Star jolted out of her reverie. Her optical sensors popped wide open, and she cast them about the water as if seeing it for the first time. She jumped out of the fountain, displaying her magnificent nudity to full view. Ripper came splashing out after her.
“My clothes, hurry!” she cried.
Squish girls handed over the soaked items. Star rung them out and began putting them on. 
“Go to the RDI with Iridium,” Winston commanded. “Stay there.”
“No. I’m coming with you.”
“We need Dr. Rackenfauz’s help. You must convince him to come.”
“Let Iri do that.”
Winston shook his head emphatically. “You’re the only one who knows directly who Sister Reedy is. Tell the professor everyone’s in danger, including him.”
“Oh, all right.” Star finished buttoning her blouse. “About this, uh... little diversion – ”
“We’ll discuss it later. Now, go!”
“Okay, you don’t have to yell.” 
Winston ran out of the park, holding onto his BOSS helmet to keep it from flying off. Fang loped after him.
“How do you like that?” Star said. “He couldn’t even say good-bye.”
“Please, there isn’t time for niceties,” Iridium said.
“I suppose so.” Star pointed an accusing finger at the merbots in the fountain. “The sooner we can move you into the lake, the better.” 
She ran toward the RDI with Iridium and Ripper.

16. Confrontation
At the sound of distant gunshots, Ajax emerged from watchful waiting mode atop his pedestal on the town’s western edge. Full awareness ran through his circuits. 
“Something appears to be amiss,” he declared.
A terrified mech wolf ran past his position, heading into town. Ajax switched to tele-optics and peered out to the wasteland beyond Mech City. A lone bipedal figure trotted along the road toward him.
“I must see to our defenses!”
Ajax prepared to jump down from the pedestal, but something about the approaching figure froze him in place. Its movements were too irregular, lacking robotic precision. And it appeared to be carrying a rifle. No robot could handle a firearm. The interloper must be human.
Ajax found himself quite unable to move. All notions of countermeasures exited his brain unit. He could do nothing to oppose a human will. A flock of mech birds arrived and formed a swirling cloud above his head.
“Hello, my friends.”
They organized themselves into a lifting battalion and prepared to hoist Ajax into the air.
“No! I must confront this peril whether I can oppose it effectively or not.”
The birds gave up their effort, cheeping furiously.
* * *
Sister Reedy slowed to a brisk walk as she approached a pedestal with a massive figure standing upon it.
Heavenly Father! What is this abomination? 
She halted and raised her binoculars. The pedestal occupant appeared to be some type of science fiction character. She’d seen such things on cinéview posters in the days before the great fall. “Robot heroes” they’d been called. The corrupted youth of that period loved such monstrosities. 
Hundreds of black birds circled above the unholy thing, like the ones she’d seen at Pickle Lake Temple. She lowered the binoculars and patted her assault rifle.
“I’ve got something for you, Mr. Comic Book Hero.”
She continued at a cautious pace, rifle locked and loaded. She’d almost reached the pedestal when the birds dropped to the ground in front of her. By some demonic process, they formed themselves into a single humaniform being—like the one she’d seen at the Temple, though much smaller. It held out a restraining hand.
“Get outta my way!” 
A quivering ran through the creature, but it remained standing. Sister Reedy yanked a grenade off her belt and brandished it.
“You want one of these? Now scat!”
The bird creature exploded into its component parts and took to the air. 
“Stay up there, if you know what’s good for you!” 
Sister Reedy approached the pedestal and read the attached sign.
STRONGER THAN DIRT®
What the hell?
She craned her neck to take in the massive figure towering above. “Hey you! Mr. Stronger than Dirt!”
A sonorous voice replied. “Yes, ma’am?” 
“Get your iron butt down here.”
The abomination began climbing down the marble plinth. 
“My name is Ajax, ma’am,” it said when it reached the ground. “And my ‘butt,’ as you call it, is not composed of iron but of exotic metals and various high-strength nonmetallic materials.”
“Whatever. I’m looking for a robo-slut called Star. You know where she is, Iron Butt?” Reedy glowered at the gold medal hanging around the demon spawn’s neck. “Or should I call you Mayor Iron Butt?” 
Ajax’s huge frame trembled. Sister Reedy aimed her gun at its chest.
“Speak up, or I’ll blow you apart!”
“I-I do not know her exact whereabouts at this time, ma’am,” Ajax said with evident difficulty. “She spends much of her time at the Robotics Development Institute or at the water diversion project.”
“Which one is closer?” 
The demon spawn did not answer. Its face crumpled into an anguished expression.
“Well?”
“The water diversion project is the closer of the two, ma’am.”
“Take me there.”
A great trembling took hold once more. The abomination attempted to turn away but couldn’t. Against every effort of will, it began walking. 
“That’s better,” Sister Reedy said. 
“May the Great Technician in the Sky forgive my actions,” the robot muttered.

Reedy strode through the deserted town behind her massive escort, keeping a sharp eye out for danger. The birds swirled overhead but made no further attempt to interfere.
Where are all the other demon spawn?
After an extended period of walking, they came to an open area with a trench running through it and large mounds of dirt heaped about. Ajax paused beside the ditch and stood at rigid attention. Sister Reedy partially concealed herself behind him and observed a hundred robots toiling with picks and shovels below. Dust and grit flew in the dry air, coating them with a brownish patina. 
There they are. Won’t they make a nice pile of scrap?
No sign of the Murder Star, though. She’d not get her bloody hands dirty with manual labor. Two robots, larger than the others, stood off to the side, conferring. One of them looked up and waved.
“Hi, Mayor!” he called. “Great day to get things done, eh?”
Sister Reedy stepped into full view, aiming her rifle. “Maybe not, demon spawn!”
“Yow!” The big robot cried.
All the workers looked her direction and let out a collective gasp. Ohhh!
“You down there!” Sister Reedy shouted. “I’m looking for the robo-slut. Is she around?”
“Who?” 
“Star, the damned one!” Sister Reedy shrieked. “Get her for me.”
“Nuts!” the big robot shouted back.
Sister Reedy slung her rifle over her shoulder and yanked a grenade off her belt. “Help me find her, or I’ll blast the lot of you!” 
The workers cringed with terror. The big robot spoke to them in a harsh voice. “Anybody makes a move to help her, I’ll break him in half.”
“Okay, you asked for it,” Sister Reedy said.
She reached for the grenade pin. A mellow voice coming from behind interrupted her in mid-pull.
“Perhaps I can be of some assistance.”
Reedy spun around and gaped at the astonishing figure standing before her. She clipped the grenade back onto her belt and drew the automatic pistol.
“Who are you?” she demanded.
“I am the supervisor of this construction project, and I assure you there is no need for alarm.”

17. Appeal to the Cavalry
As Star jogged along the street toward the RDI, flanked by Ripper and Iridium, her mind cleared. The hypersexual reverie that had gripped her with the merbots dissipated, and full awareness of her predicament sank in.
I must save Winston!
“Go on ahead, Iri,” she said. “I’ll be okay.”
“Right-o.” Iridium took off with a blinding burst of speed. 
Star’s thoughts riveted on Winston. Don’t worry, my love. I’ll not fail you.
She pushed to her maximum speed. Ripper loped alongside, his pink hairs flowing in the wind.

Star burst through the doors of the RDI main building and stopped her headlong flight. She was strong and alert with every sense honed to a razor edge. She heard strident voices echoing down the hall.
“This way, Rippie.” 
They ran to the main workshop where a heated dispute between Iridium and Dr. Rackenfauz raged. Star paused outside the open doors.
“Dang it!” Dr. Rackenfauz said. “How many times have I told you, Iridium? I don’t want to be involved in your political disputes.” 
“Quite a few, Papa, but this is more like the ‘end of the world’ exception you gave.”
Rackenfauz threw up his hands in disgust; one of them grasped a wrench. “Ach! If you’ve seen one end of the world, you’ve seen ‘em all. What makes this one so special?”
He stood by a workbench containing a deactivated robot he’d apparently been working on. Jack and Quincy attended nearby. 
Star entered the workshop, and everyone turned her direction. “He’s right, Professor. Sister Reedy means to destroy us all, including you.”
Rackenfauz fixed a withering gaze upon her. “What makes you so sure of that?” 
“She came from that death cult at Pickle Lake. The ones who killed all those people.”
Dr. Rackenfauz’s eyes widened and his jaw dropped. “I saw the corpses there, myself. Ugh, the stench.”
“It’s not just our dispute, it involves you, too,” Star said. “These people are crazy. They blame robots for destroying the world.”
An indignant expression replaced the horror on Dr. Rackenfauz’s face. He squared his shoulders. “We didn’t need any help with that, thank you.”
“Don’t you see? If they hate robots, they hate the people who made us even more. They destroyed your workshop at Pickle Lake Castle.”
“Is that so?”
“She’ll come after you next,” Star said. “Please help us!”
Dr. Rackenfauz stroked his chin. “Oh, all right.” He tossed his wrench down. “I’ll go check it out.”
“Good.” Star leaned against the door jamb with relief. “Thank you, Professor.” 
Rackenfauz turned to Jack and Quincy. “Get the truck ready, we’ll drive out there.” 
“W-we?” Quincy asked.
“Yes. If somebody has to get shot, it sure as hell ain’t gonna be me.”
The repair bots gaped fearfully at each other. Rackenfauz gestured to the comatose robot on the workbench.
“Pack this guy up, we’ll take him with us.” He pointed to a second deactivated robot on another bench. “That one too.”
He made for the door. “I’ll go fetch my arsenal.”
* * *
Winston maintained a benign and friendly look on his face, but his brain unit churned. Maybe he could trick Reedy into a wild goose chase after the ‘robo-slut.’ Play for time, hope that Rackenfauz showed up with some firepower—anything to protect Star.
Sister Reedy’s eyes narrowed with suspicion, then a grin spread across her face. She barked a savage laugh. “I know who you are. You look a hell of a lot different, but I’d recognize that voice anywhere. What is that, a Hungarian accent?”
“Ma’am?” Winston said with all the synthetic politeness he could muster. “I’m certain I don’t understand what you’re referring to.”
“Come off it. You’re the blue creature that came to Pickle Lake. You were with the robo-slut.” Reedy aimed the pistol at Winston’s head. “Adios, demon spawn.”
Winston felt absolutely no concern for his own existence. A single thought barged into to his numbed brain. I must save Star! 
Without conscious awareness of what he was doing, Winston flung out his right hand. It knocked the pistol from Sister Reedy’s grasp and held on to her wrist. Winston threw his free arm around Reedy’s shoulders and pulled her in tight.
What’s going on? 
Somehow, he’d overcome the ultimate taboo and was fighting with a human, or at least restraining one. Winston’s frame was sufficiently robust to control a strong human male, and this struggling, cursing female posed little difficulty. 
“Damn you!” she screeched.
“Way to go, Boss!” Jimmy yelled up from the ditch.
The entire work crew shouted encouragement. Even Ajax managed a subdued, “Hurrah.”
Winston wanted to snap Reedy’s arm, bash her head in, but he couldn’t overcome his programmed restrictions. 
Good enough to hold her til Dr. Rackenfauz gets here.
Sister Reedy gave up the struggle and went limp in his arms. Winston was not prepared for her next maneuver.
“Oww!” she wailed in a tiny, frightened voice. “You’re hurting me… please stop.”
The piteous entreaty penetrated to the depths of his programming. Against every effort of will, Winston loosened his hold.
No! his mind shrieked, too late.
Sister Reedy wriggled from his grasp and dropped to the ground. She rolled away and regained her feet, assault rifle at the ready. Winston could only look on with horror.
Ajax stepped boldly in front of her. “I cannot allow this – ” 
Blamma-Blam!
Sister Reedy fired a burst into Ajax’s chest. He crashed down like a slaughtered tree, sending shock waves through the ground.
Winston dashed for one of the dirt piles. He dove behind it a split second ahead of a bullet serenade.
Blamma-Blamma-Blam!
What now? 
A truck careened off the road and headed toward him.

18. The Cavalry Charge Arrives
The truck maneuvered across the job site, keeping Winston’s dirt pile between itself and the canal. It pulled behind the mound just as a burst of gunfire peppered the exposed top of the trailer.
“Holy crap!” Dr. Rackenfauz cried from his place in the driver’s seat.
He dove across the cab and exited the passenger door after Star—hampered, somewhat, by his weaponry. 
Star rushed to Winston’s side. “Are you hurt, my love?” 
“No! What are you doing here? I told you to stay at the RDI.”
“Hush, Winston.” Star embraced him and kissed his cheek. “We’re in this together, always.”
Rackenfauz positioned himself at the edge of the mound and limbered up his assault rifle. Jack and Quincy exited the trailer’s back door and took positions beside him. Both repair bots looked badly shaken.
“How’s the trailer?” Rackenfauz asked.
“Oh, it’s nicely ventilated,” Jack said.
“Are those other two robots still serviceable?”
“I don’t think any bullets hit them,” Quincy said.
“Get back in and switch them to zombie mode,” Rackenfauz said. “Then bring ‘em out here.”
Jack and Quincy looked doubtfully at each other.
“Go on!” 
The repair bots reluctantly left, just as another cascade of bullets struck the mound.
“Enough of that noise!” 
Rackenfauz poked his assault rifle around the edge of the dirt heap and fired a burst toward the canal. Blamma-Blamma-Blam! 
He picked up his shotgun and blasted a few rounds. Ka-Boom! Ka-Boom! Ka-Boom!
“Maybe she’ll think there’re two of us.”
Winston and Star remained at the other end of the mound, covering their aural sensors against the explosions.
Minutes of stalemate passed with occasional bursts of incoming fire and Rackenfauz answering with equally ineffective fusillades. Each round sailed over the comatose figure of Ajax lying between the strong points.
Jack and Quincy reemerged from the trailer bringing the two semi-conscious robots with them.
“Old Pete’s looking a lot better with head reattached,” Jack said.
“Yeah,” Quincy said. “Good thing he doesn’t know what’s happening, or he’d want the thing unscrewed again.”
They occupied space in the center of the mound, cringing at each blast of gunfire.
“Dang! This is getting nowhere.” Rackenfauz yanked a hand grenade from his coat pocket. “If she was closer, I’d give her a nice surprise.”

From her position spread-eagled along the steep canal bank, Sister Reedy experienced similar frustration. Who was that over there putting up such a robust drumbeat of fire? A human, obviously, or perhaps more than one. It was common knowledge that not even the most deranged robot could handle firearms.
This is my day of trial, Heavenly Father. Give me strength!

Dr. Rackenfauz popped a fresh ammo clip into his rifle. “This has gotta stop. All I’m doing is busting my eardrums.”
He took off his white coat and emptied the hand grenades from its pockets. Then he draped the garment off the end of the shotgun barrel.
“I’m calling for a truce, young fellow,” he said to Winston. “Or rather, you’re calling for it. You’ve got the big voice.”
“I’m not convinced that this individual is open to rational discussion,” Winston said.
“Do what I say! When I want your opinion, I’ll give it to you.”
“Very well, Professor.” 
Rackenfauz poked his white ‘flag’ into view. 
Winston spoke at full volume. “WE DESIRE A TRUCE!”

Sister Reedy’s finger twitched on her rifle trigger. Her first impulse was to blast the white garment waving from the dirt pile, but she withheld her wrath. 
Who is that person? Why is he siding with the demon spawn?
She shouted toward the earth mound. “Give me the robo-slut, the one called Star, and I’ll leave you in peace!”

Dr. Rackenfauz turned his gaze on Star.
“No!” Winston shoved himself protectively in front of Star and spread out his arms. “She’s lying, Professor. She’ll come after you, no matter what.”
Rackenfauz turned his attention toward the canal. “Why do you care so much about some robot?”

The high-pitched, crackly voice drifting across the no man’s land struck Sister Reedy a hammer blow. Her grip on her rifle went slack.
“Answer me!” the voice shouted. “I haven’t got all day!”
Sister Reedy felt a tug from her previous life, back when drugs and wild sex were the most important things. When she was partying away her college career, before she’d met the Messiah and damned herself with the foulest kind of murder.
Her throat went dry as death. She drank heavily from her water bottle. “Pr… Professor Rackenfauz! Is that you?”
A long moment of silence, then the voice replied. “That’s right! Edgar J. Rackenfauz, Ph.D. Make that double Ph.D. Who the hell are you?”
“I’m Ruthie Milward. They called me ‘Reedy’ at school ‘cause I’m so tall and thin… I was in your programming class.”

Dr. Rackenfauz braced his back against the dirt and slid to the ground. “Well, I’ll be damned.” 
It was his turn to stumble down memory lane, to the time when he’d taken a teaching job to augment his inadequate salary as a robotics technician—back when he was the despised, politically inept, gay genius at the bottom of the robotics development hierarchy. Those had been rough years, indeed.
He turned toward the canal. “I remember! You were the ‘class fuck.’ Your number was on every lavatory wall.” A pause. “Pardon my language.” 
“Yes… that was me,” Reedy answered.
Rackenfauz mopped a handkerchief over his brow. “Who could have figured this?” He stroked his chin, deep in thought. “Why not? What have I got to lose?”
He turned back toward the canal. “Stay where you are, Reedy! I’m coming over.”
A long pause, punctuated by the breeze stirring dust across the barren landscape. Finally, a reply from the canal: “Okay.”
Rackenfauz shoved his lab coat at Quincy. “Put this on Pete, then form up. You’re all coming with me.”
“What?” Quincy gasped.
“You heard. Do what I say, or I’ll turn you into scrap metal myself.”
Quincy turned toward Jack. “Well… it’s been nice knowing you. Whoever thought it would end like this, eh?”
Jack took the coat from Quincy’s trembling hands. “You’re the best partner I ever had. The only one, come to think of it.”
“My sentiments, exactly.”
They placed Pete and the second zombie mode robot shoulder to shoulder and took up places behind them.
“We’re ready,” Quincy said.
Rackenfauz shouted toward the canal. “These robots are harmless! I’m only using them for cover.”
An almost indistinct “Alright” drifted back.
“Let’s get going,” Rackenfauz ordered.
Jack and Quincy held onto the two zombie robots and pushed them forward. Rackenfauz brought up the rear, crouching low, assault rifle at the ready.
“Don’t do anything foolish, Reedy!” he shouted. “There aren’t many of us humans left, you know.”
The strange group made its way awkwardly across no man’s land. Any moment, a hail of bullets might cut down the robots walking in front. Rackenfauz wondered if he’d have time to dive behind the wreckage before getting shot himself. They paused a few meters from the canal.
Well, this is it, Edgar. Everybody’s got to go sometime.
He poked his head out from behind the robots. “Reedy?” 

Sister Reedy felt her entire world slip away at the sight of her old teacher’s face. She was no longer in control of herself or under the divine sway. The Heavenly Father faded down a long, dark tunnel.
“What are you doing, my daughter?” he bellowed. “You’re damning yourself!”
The Heavenly Father vanished. In his place, the entire weight of the guilt and pain she’d staggered under for months crushed down. Yet, she managed to stand.
“Professor Rackenfauz… I…” She stumbled a few steps out of the canal. “I killed my little boy. I murdered my precious son.”
The rifle slipped from her grasp. Her knees weakened. 

Rackenfauz rushed forward and seized her in his arms as she gave over to soul-racking sobs. “Hang on, Reedy.”
He looked at the robots staring up from the canal. “Can anybody drive a truck?” 
“I can.” Jimmy scrambled up the bank and stood to attention.
“Pull it around here and pick us up,” Rackenfauz ordered.
“Check.” 
“And pick up Ajax, too.”
“Right, Professor.”
Jimmy trotted toward the parked vehicle.
“We’ll go with you!” Quincy shouted.
He and Jack ran off, leaving the humans alone in the morning sun.
Three: Groping for Stability

19. Request from Dr. Rackenfauz
The worksite had a subdued atmosphere. Recollections of the previous day’s traumatic events haunted every brain unit, and Winston had not been able to stir up the usual enthusiasm. 
Ajax’s valiant self-sacrifice weighed on his mind. How severe had the damage been? Would replacement components be available for such a custom design? 
I hope he can be repaired, somehow.
Winston stood on the canal edge, clipboard in hand, observing the workers toiling below. Their previous “maximum effort!” attitude had vanished into the dry air.
At least they’d come back this morning. After the dramatic confrontation yesterday, the men had wandered off in a collective daze, not waiting on a formal dismissal. Winston had intended to give them the rest of the day off, of course, but his failure to take control of the situation had been a mistake. 
Oh well, ‘you can’t always hit the nail on the head,’ as Dr. Horvath used to say.
At times like this, it was often a comfort to recall his late master. In his memory, Winston could see Dr. Horvath gazing over her old-fashioned spectacles and dispensing wisdom, often phrased in salty Hungarian.
Nothing could lift Winston’s mood today, though. Not only was Ajax down, but if things had gone a bit differently, he would have lost Star forever. The terrible thought crushed him like a huge pile of dirt. Star herself stood by one of those piles, stroking Ripper’s pink coat. She’d not gone to the RDI today because Sister Reedy now dwelled within its confines. 
Astonishment shoved aside Winston’s gloomy reflections when Dr. Rackenfauz suddenly appeared at his side. 
“Professor Rackenfauz. This is an unexpected honor.”
“Please cut the crap, young fellow. I have come to ask a favor.”
Winston’s politician mind kicked into overdrive. Here was something new: a human requesting assistance instead of ordering it—Dr. Rackenfauz, no less. What advantages could be derived?
Don’t overplay this hand, Winston.
“I’m delighted to be at your service,” Winston said with a slight bow.
The professor hesitated, glancing over his shoulder at Star. This was a Rackenfauz Winston had never seen before—uncertain, troubled, furtive.
“It actually concerns the young lady,” Rackenfauz said, “but I figured I should speak to you as well, considering your… special relationship.”
Winston frowned. “Yes?” 
“Perhaps we should call her over.”
Star was already walking their direction, unbidden. “What can I do for you, Professor?” 
Rackenfauz gave a thin little smile. “It’s about Reedy. She’s in a terrible state.”
Winston flinched at the sound of that name. 
Star remained coolly focused. “And you think I can help?” 
“I’m at my wits’ end,” Rackenfauz said. “Reedy is convinced she murdered her child at Pickle Lake. I can’t believe that’s true, but it’s very real in her mind. Jack and Quincy have her on suicide watch.”
Let her die, Winston thought.
“She didn’t kill her boy,” Star said matter-of-factly. “That ‘messiah’ wacko did.”
A childlike expression of hope spread over Rackenfauz’s face. “You know that for sure?”
“Of course. He told me himself. He poisoned all the cult members that might ‘betray’ him.”
Rackenfauz’s demeanor seemed very different today, Winston observed. The resentful fury bubbling under the surface waiting to burst out had moderated into something like genuine concern. 
The professor’s hands trembled with excitement. “This could be verified by your sensory recorder, then.” 
“Recorder?” Winston cut in.
“Yeah. In times of high stress, any robot goes into auto-record.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“It runs in the background without any awareness on your part,” Rackenfauz said. “Actually, all your sensory impressions get recorded but most are wiped during inactivation periods. High-stress input is prioritized for retention so that we can troubleshoot any resulting problems.” 
Rackenfauz turned to Star. “I’m assuming this information came to you during a period of high stress?”
“Very much so.” 
“Excellent!” Rackenfauz banged a fist into a palm. “Then let’s get started. It’s a simple procedure, no more intrusive than the memory dump we did for Iridium.”
Star cast a wary glance at Winston. 
He felt a sudden outpouring of protectiveness. “You don’t need to do this, Star. You don’t owe these humans anything. They brought all their problems on themselves.”
Winston’s vehemence surprised him. The bottled-up rage he felt against Rackenfauz had finally come out—the various humiliations and diminishments, the cavalier attitude toward his very survival which Rackenfauz had displayed many times. Winston’s ability to restrain Sister Reedy had given him new confidence. He felt capable of snatching the submachine gun away from the professor and tossing it into the canal.
Rackenfauz opened his mouth to speak, closed it again. The man looked suddenly much older, beaten.
“It’s all right, Professor,” Star said. “I want to do it.”
The light returned to Rackenfauz’s face. “Thank you. Let’s get going.”
He and Star began walking toward the RDI. 
Winston called down into the canal. “I’ll be back as soon as possible, Jimmy!”
“Right, Boss!”
He followed the two figures. 
* * *
Star recoiled as Sister Reedy glowered at her from across the workshop. The human female sat rigidly in a chair, secured in place by a strap. Jack and Quincy stood nearby.
Sister Reedy looked even worse than the day before. Bloodshot eyes stared out of a face pale as death, and her red hair, streaked with gray, sprang out from her skull with increased wildness. A snarl curled her lips. 
Winston strode up. “Keep your evil eye to yourself!” 
Reedy fixed her eyes to the floor. Anger radiated from her hunched figure. “Whatever you say, demon spawn.” 
Winston looked to Jack and Quincy. “If she tries anything, yell loud.” 
“Will do,” Jack said.
Winston moved across the small workshop to the bench where Star lay on her back, head turned sharply right. A cable ran out of her cranium inspection panel. 
He took her hand. “Everything will be fine, Star.”
“Of course it will,” Dr. Rackenfauz said. “There is absolutely no risk involved with this procedure.” 
There’d better not be. Winston thought.
Several minutes passed during which Dr. Rackenfauz stared at the monitor, nodding his head occasionally. 
Winston focused his attention on Star. How much of his world revolved around this incredible being? All of it. And that creature strapped into the chair had nearly destroyed her! Black hatred for Sister Reedy twisted his circuits. 
Star squeezed his hand. The sight of her beautiful face restrained him from contemplating violent acts. The face looked so vulnerable lying amid the mass of luxuriant dark hair, the eyes melancholy. A tear ran down her cheek.
A smile took over Rackenfauz’s face. “Done!”
He disconnected the cable from Star’s cranium and closed up her inspection panel. Her gorgeous hair covered over the spot again.
“Thank you, young lady,” he said.
“Do you need her for anything else?” Winston asked.
“No. I’ve downloaded everything necessary.”
“Let’s go,” Winston said.
Star sat up on the table and shook her head. “I want to see this, and I think you should, too. I don’t want us to have secrets.”
Winston looked to the professor.
Rackenfauz shrugged. “It’s fine with me either way.” 
“Okay.” Winston could not suppress a feeling of cold dread. 
Dr. Rackenfauz dimmed the lights, and the drama began.

20. Nightmare Revisited
Images appeared on a viewing screen mounted to the far wall. Synchronized audio emerged from a loudspeaker:
The ‘messiah’ enters a large room, striding past Iridium and two mech wolves. He looks haggard and drawn. Numerous cult members, including Sister Reedy, stand off to the side.
A strangled gasp accompanied the image. Sister Reedy fell back into her chair, eyes gaping and her mouth wide.
Winston steps toward the messiah and bows. “Greetings, your leadership.”
The messiah ignores Winston. He continues walking, stops close to the viewer. His eyes rove up and down. 
“Well, fucking A,” he murmurs, “here’s something new.”
“You can skip over this stuff, Professor,” Star said. “Go to the part where he tries to choke me.”
“Very well.”
The screen went blank while Dr. Rackenfauz worked the control panel. The show resumed:
“Damn you!” the messiah cries.
Rage contorts his face. His hands reach toward the viewer in a strangling grip. He cries out with exquisite agony. Star’s hand can be seen gripping his crotch.
“That’s it!” she exclaims. “You’ve got it now, big boy.”
His arms drop. His face draws up to the viewer. He groans.
“Violence turns you on,” Star pants. “Me too!”
The view pulls away. The messiah stands alone, stunned and disoriented. Star’s hands can be seen, tearing off pieces of her clothing and tossing them aside. 
“It’s danger that really gets me hot,” she says.
The view rotates toward a large open window. Rapid movement toward it. Star’s bare foot mounts the ledge.
The view rotates back toward the messiah. He looks small, uncertain. His face is very pale. 
“Come up here!” Star commands.
As if in a trance, he strips and approaches with hesitant steps. His erection leads the way. 
“That’s a good boy,” Star purrs.
Her hand reaches out and grips the erection. She guides him up onto the window ledge. 
Winston’s face went rigid with shock. He wanted to bolt for the door, but Star kept a firm grip on him.
Star’s hand releases the male organ and gestures into the night expanses.
“Here it is!” she cries. “All yours for the taking—the earth, the heavens!”
“Yes!” the messiah shouts. “Yesss!”
He stands beside her, enraptured. His face is twisted by orgiastic delight.
The view rotates toward mist-shrouded Pickle Lake. Seconds pass.
“Over there,” Star says in a quavering voice, “I-I see them.”
“Who?”
“Your people… they’re coming for you!”
The view switches to the messiah. Terror contorts his face, his eyes are wide. “W-where?” 
The view returns toward Pickle Lake. Star’s arm waves over it. “Out there, by the water.”
Stunned silence blanketed the workshop. The wall screen showed Pickle Lake enveloped by unholy vapors. Ghostly images appeared to swirl within them.
“No, it can’t be… they’re all dead!” the messiah cries. “I killed them myself. I gave them the poisoned chalice… they would have betrayed me.”
He tries to dismount from the window ledge, a loose stone gives way underfoot.
“Help!” 
He reaches for Star. Her hand moves toward him, then stops. Their fingertips brush. He falls, screaming. 
An ear-splitting wail from Sister Reedy accompanied the dreadful images. “Monster! You murdered our child!”
She fainted dead away, tumbling over with her chair.
“My God, Reedy!” Dr. Rackenfauz rushed to the stricken woman and removed her restraining strap. “Bring some water, Jack.” 
Winston gripped Star’s arm and helped her down from the workbench, using more force that he’d intended. “Let’s get out of this place.”
He held onto her tightly as they moved toward the door. If he dared let go, he’d likely fall over.
Images played across the wall screen—ghostly figures rushing out of the mist to greet their dead messiah sprawled upon the flagstones. They didn’t look friendly.
* * *
Once on the street, Winston regained his stability. He released Star’s arm and quickened his pace until he was several steps ahead.
“Are you mad at me, Winston?” 
He stopped and turned. “No, I’m not mad, I’m… I don’t know what I am.”
“I did it for you. It was the only way to stop that lunatic. I knew the stone was loose. I wanted him to fall.”
“I don’t blame you for that. It’s just… you seemed to enjoy it.”
Star held out her hands. “I did enjoy it, the sexy part at least. The killing part was horrible.”
“But why? Aren’t I enough for you?” 
“Of course you are, Winston. You’re my one true love. I’ve never wanted anyone else.”
He started walking again. 
Star caught up and remained at his side. “I wish I could change, but I can’t. It’s the way I’m made, the way I was activated. I’m not sure if even Dr. Che could reprogram me.”
“I suppose you’ve had ‘special relations’ with him, too?” Winston said.
Star nodded.
“And enjoyed it?”
Star nodded again. “He wouldn’t have done your conversion otherwise.” 
“I figured there was something fishy about the way he was all banged up. You must have given him quite a ride.”
“Oh, Winston, you make it sound so terrible.”
“It is terrible!”
They walked in silence for some blocks, neither looking up from the pavement. Finally Star spoke.
“Why don’t we stop a while and talk this over?” She gestured toward the fountain park across the street.
“With your merbot friends again, eh?”
“Ohhh, I’m sorry, Winston. We could go someplace else.”
“I really don’t want to talk right now. I have to get back to work. We’re falling behind schedule.”
Winston turned a corner, leaving Star alone in the street.

21. Combat Robot Debut

“Make the world Che!” – personal motto of Che Sang Gyu, Ph.D. (a.k.a. Jerry “show me the money” Che) 
Colonel Reyes stood ramrod straight against the wall of Dr. Che’s office and confronted the robot standing silently before him. Mounted to the opposite wall, beside the viewing screen, a camera recorded his every move and comment.
“My name is Colonel Bradley Reyes,” he said in a firm, steady voice. “I am supreme commander of the Home Defense Forces and head of the lawful government.”
I feel like an idiot talking to that damned machine! 
“My orders supersede those of all other humans. No one is allowed to countermand my directives.”
He rotated slowly 360 degrees clockwise, letting the robot’s optical sensors take in a full view from every perspective—the impressive bulk in its blue uniform, the lantern jaw and short-cropped hair. He put on his military cap and rotated 360 degrees the opposite direction. 
“Now the floor angles, please,” Dr. Che said from his position near the wall screen.
Colonel Reyes dropped to the floor and rolled slowly as the machine ogled him with its soulless eyes. 
“Are we finished now?” 
“Almost,” Dr. Che said. “Let’s get some more voice print samples.”
Reyes stood and smoothed his uniform, along with his ruffled dignity. Text appeared on the screen.
“Please read in a normal voice,” Dr. Che said.
“Mary had a little lamb…” The damn guy’s trying to humiliate me! “whose fleece was white as snow…”
After reading the poem and a few other brief texts, Reyes shouted a list of commands presented by the wall screen: “Halt! About Face! Cease Fire!” 
“That should do it,” Dr. Che said. “Thanks for your cooperation.”
“Certainly.” 
Reyes glanced at Lieutenant Liggett, who was standing unobtrusively off to the side. Was that a smirk on the man’s face? Whatever it was, it instantly vanished. 
Liggett was a handsome young buck, like Reyes 15 years earlier only with blond hair. He was a good man but needed to be shown his place now and then.
“Andy has your complete visual and audio record,” Che said, indicating the robot. “He will follow your orders and defend you under all circumstances.”
Reyes rubbed his hands together. “Glad to hear that.”
Che gestured to the camera on the wall. “I also have a backup version, if necessary.”
“What’s the next step?” Reyes asked.
“I need you to make similar audio-visual records for every member of your command, so the robots will recognize them. It’s all explained in here.” Che handed over a manila envelope. “Once I have the recordings, I’ll scan them into all the combat machines.” 
“Good work, Doctor.”
Che replied with a modest, self-deprecating gesture.
“Since we’re already set up here, let’s make another recording.” Reyes turned a baleful glance toward Liggett. “Get over here, Lieutenant.”
“Yes, sir.”
Liggett stood against the wall beside the height chart, facing the impassive robot.
“My name is Lieutenant Paul Liggett…”
He went through the whole routine while Reyes stood off to the side observing. The colonel even suggested a few extra rolls on the floor to make sure everything was just right.
When the Lieutenant had finished, Dr. Che made a suggestion. “Shall we try a free fire exercise now?” 
“Of course,” Reyes said, “lead on.”
Che exited with the Andy robot and walked down the corridor toward the main lobby. Reyes and Liggett followed some distance behind.
“What do you think, Colonel?” Liggett asked.
Reyes grunted. “I think we’d better be careful with this guy.”
The colonel didn’t trust ‘egghead technicians’ overmuch, but he was in dire need of manpower to police the growing population of the city. And there were those obnoxious Chinese. Who knew what power play they had in mind? 
He needed combat robots to help bear the public safety load. Now that the obstreperous Dr. Rackenfauz had departed, Reyes hoped he had a man he could work with. Che was Korean, so he probably had no more love for the Chinese than Reyes did. Something to consider, but Reyes did not pretend to know Che’s full motivations.
I hope we can keep doing business together because if not, we’re all fried.
Dr. Che paused in the lobby to pick up an assault rifle and several clips of ammo. Reyes caught himself reaching for his side arm but suppressed the movement.
Mustn’t look rattled around the lower ranks.
They left the building and walked across the RDC campus until they arrived at a shooting range. Dr. Che pulled a remote control device from his lab coat pocket.
“I’ll manage the targets. You may command the robot trooper, Colonel.”
“Very well,” Reyes said.
Che handed the assault rifle to Andy who held it at arms ready. The mechanistic face was utterly blank, except for an eerie glow emanating from the optical sensors. 
A chill of apprehension clawed up Reyes’ spine. That damn machine could slaughter us all.
He held his misgivings in check. “Carry on, Doctor.” 
Che pushed a button on the controller, and two widely spaced targets popped up a hundred meters away.
“Fire!” Reyes shouted.
The robot fired two quick bursts, leveling both targets.
“Yow!” Liggett exclaimed. “That’s some shooting.”
“Andy has laser as well as infrared targeting capabilities, not to mention top-level optical sensors,” Che said. “His speed and accuracy surpass that of any human being.”
He pressed more buttons on the controller. Targets popped up all over the field.
“Fire at will!” Reyes shouted.
The combat robot fired repeated bursts, each one destroying a target. When it exhausted the last of the ammo, it discarded the clip and flung itself into a prone position. Dr. Che handed it another clip. The blasting continued as Andy demolished target after target with monotonous efficiency. 
“Cease fire!” Reyes called out at last.
The demonstration of brutal competency stunned him. His ringing ears added to the turmoil inside his head. The robot got to its feet and handed the assault rifle to Dr. Che.
“So,” Colonel Reyes said, “how many of these can you make for us?”
“I’ve got 34 mid-level brain units that can accept combat programming,” Che said. “There aren’t enough machines to put them in, though. I need your men to round up deactivated robots and bring them here.”
“Consider it done.”
“As far as helmets and body armor are concerned, I’ll leave that to you, Colonel.”
“We’ll take care of it.” Reyes broached a delicate topic. “Uh, about those problems Dr. Rackenfauz mentioned.”
“What problems?” 
“Well, you know, how the robots might go off on their own and become a threat to us. Is there anything to that?”
Che waved a dismissive hand. “Of course not. Pay no attention to that old screwball. Besides, I’ll build in automatic safeguards should anything start to go wrong.”
* * *
Colonel Reyes could barely contain his enthusiasm as he rode back toward HQ in his command vehicle. “I’m telling you, Liggett, this is a whole new beginning for us.”
“Yeah, that was some demo,” Liggett replied. “I wish I could shoot like that.”
“Imagine, 34 of those machines. We’ll have this town cleaned up in no time.”
As if to emphasize his remark, a vehicle filled with armed men passed them. The occupants laughed scornfully and saluted with obscene gestures.
“Watch where you’re going, pin head!” one of them shouted.
Reyes smiled pleasantly and waved. Liggett gave him a surprised look.
“It costs nothing to be polite,” Reyes said, “especially if you intend to kill somebody.”
“Yes, sir.”
“The sooner we get those combat robots the better.” 
“In the meantime, there’s always the Chinese,” Liggett said. “Maybe they could help us keep order.”
Reyes stiffened. “That subject is closed. I will not be a party to foreign nationals taking over our territory.”
“Yes, sir.” 
After several tense minutes during which the two men kept their thoughts to themselves, they pulled up in front of HQ. 
Reyes broke the silence. “Organize patrols to pick up any dead robots that look repairable. Get them to Che ASAP.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Reyes bounded out of the vehicle and shoved his way through the main doors of the HQ building. 
Major Lisa Poole met him in the lobby. “How did it go at the RDC, Colonel?” 
“Splendid, couldn’t be better.”
Poole smiled. Despite her drab uniform and lack of makeup, she looked great. “See? I told you he’d come around.” 
“That’s right, by God. Che’s on board 100 percent now.”
His earlier doubts had vanished. The mysterious and sullen Dr. Jerry Che now glowed in his estimation as one helluva guy. Reyes handed the manila envelope to the duty officer at the desk.
“Get going on this immediately. I want those video recordings done ASAP.”
The officer snapped out a salute. “Yes, sir.”
Reyes strode down the hall toward his office smacking his riding crop against his boot.
“Hot damn!” he kept repeating.
“My, you’re feeling your oats today,” Poole said.
“Damn straight.”
Poole took his arm and led him down a side hallway to her private quarters. “I think you need to burn off that excess energy.” 
* * *
Dr. Che stood alone in the RDC’s vast main workshop, smoking a cigarette and contemplating the great project ahead. 
I’ve got my work cut out for me.
He had no delusions that this endeavor was free from significant risk. Despite the deprecating comment he’d made about Dr. Rackenfauz, the professor was no ‘screwball.’ His warnings against militarized robots were well-founded, and Che took them seriously.
I sure hope the safeguards work, if it comes to that.
A little smile crossed his face. He was enough of a nihilist to appreciate what might happen if the safeguards failed.
Ah, well, don’t dwell on it.
He moved into a side room and flicked on the light. Five deactivated robots stood against the walls at rigid attention—his ‘private army,’ the best machines of the lot. 
Che offered a jaunty salute. “Hello, guys. Don’t get impatient. We’ll be moving out of here soon.”

22. A Downhill ‘Normal’
Over the next two weeks, Winston flung himself into the water diversion project with extreme devotion. 
He drove the workers hard for long hours, however much they grumbled. After the work crew took off for the day, he stayed behind alone swinging a pick—gouging, digging, keeping himself occupied with mind-numbing labor. 
Jimmy expressed his concern. “Don’t you think we might be pushing a bit too hard, Boss?”
“I’ll decide how hard we push.” 
After each exhausting day, Winston retreated to his city manager’s office for a period of inactivation. Then the whole process repeated itself the next day. During all this time, he did not go back to the apartment he shared with Star. 
Images of her infidelities tormented him. Whenever he took his mind off the canal project, he saw her naked body cavorting in the fountain among the merbots or standing in the castle window with the equally nude messiah. He recalled the glow on her face when she’d returned from her tryst with Jerry Che. 
He knew she couldn’t control herself, however much she wanted to. Her programming had been severely damaged during her brutal activation. Yet, the sense of betrayal cut deep.

Star kept away from the RDI to avoid Sister Reedy. This left her with little to do. She either moped at home or wandered the streets with Ripper at her side, absently stroking his pink coat, avoiding the little park with its fountain of temptation. Sometimes she made the security rounds with Iridium or sat on a bench near the traffic circle on the western outskirts, dreaming about happier days.
Other times, like today, she visited the construction site. Winston would speak briefly with her, coolly polite, before he returned to work. She was standing by one of the dirt mounds when Ajax suddenly appeared.
“Good afternoon, my lady,” he said with a courtly bow.
“Ajax! You’re all fixed up.”
A bright ray shot into her otherwise drab life. She embraced the warrior robot with genuine warmth, despite his upright, overly-proper unresponsiveness.
“Yes, I have been returned to full functionality.”
“You look wonderful.” Star reached up and grasped Ajax’s mayor’s medallion. A bullet hole disfigured its center. “This has seen better days, though.” 
“Quite so. Now, if you will please excuse me, I must see the city manager.” 
Ajax began walking toward Winston.
“Bye-ee.” Despite her efforts to sound cheerful, melancholy tinged Star’s voice.

Winston stood at the edge of the canal observing the work below and jotting furiously on his clipboard. All his thoughts were with the project. He couldn’t spare any attention for the female robot standing by the mound gazing at him with sorrowful eyes—or so he tried to tell himself.
If we can just keep moving at this pace, we’ll finish this portion of the canal by…
A shadow fell over him, he spun around.
“Ajax!” Winston seized the great robot’s hand and pumped it vigorously. “Glad to see you back, Mayor.”
The workers also noticed Ajax’s presence and bellowed a rousing cheer from the depths of the canal.
“Thank you, thank you.” Ajax raised both arms in his signature power salute. “It is good to be back, men. Now please carry on.”
The crew resumed working, joyous at seeing Ajax returned to health, and even more joyous that he did not deliver a long, tedious speech.
As Star had done, Winston reached up and touched the shot-through mayor’s medallion. “This is really something.”
“That is true. Quincy has offered to make a new medallion for me.”
“No, no, keep this one. It has excellent publicity value.”
A baffled expression passed over Ajax’s usually stoic face. He took the medallion in his own hand and studied it.
“Publicity value?” he asked dubiously.
“Yes. Everyone who sees it will know you’re a dedicated leader who put his existence on the line for our city.”
“I did not look at things quite that way. Perhaps you are right, City Manager.”
I know I’m right. 
Winston did not vocalize the sentiment, however. He knew Ajax was best influenced by subtle means. 
He changed the subject. “How’s Dr. Rackenfauz doing these days?” 
“Quite well. He performed my major repairs himself.” Ajax jutted out his chest. “Jack and Quincy machined custom parts for me, too.”
“Excellent... and how about that Sister Reedy human?” 
A chill passed over Winston’s epidermal sensors as he mentioned the horrid name.
“She is also improved. Quincy has even suggested that she and Dr. Rackenfauz might be ‘getting together’ somehow.”
Winston snorted. “Not much chance of that. Dr. Rackenfauz is gay, you know.”
“Is that ‘gay’ as in ha ha,” Ajax inquired, “or as in having a preference for one’s own gender?” 
“The second one.”
“That would seem to present an obstacle, then.” 
Ajax made a cursory glance about the work site, nodding his head with approval. “Everything here seems to be in good order. I shall return to my office now.”
“Sure thing, Mayor. I’ll stop by tomorrow with the progress report. We have a lot to catch up on.”
Ajax moved away. Winston caught sight of Star and Ripper by the mound. He sighed, electronically speaking. 
Ah, if only…
He was about to divert attention to the canal when a sight so astonishing and unexpected assaulted his optical sensors that he dropped his clipboard.
It can’t be!
He trotted off toward Star and the incredible newcomers.

23. New Tricks for the Old Dog
No, he hadn’t ‘gone around the bend,’ as his former master would have stated. It really was Dr. Rackenfauz and Sister Reedy conversing with Star. The closer he got, the less Winston could believe it.
“Hello, young fellow!” Dr. Rackenfauz said heartily.
Sister Reedy gave him a polite nod. Winston could only respond with wide-eyed incredulity. The pair had undergone incredible change. 
Dr. Rackenfauz had doffed his tattered lab coat for a silk shirt and dress slacks with knife-like creases. Designer shoes graced his feet. His flyaway fringe of hair had been neatly trimmed, and he was immaculately groomed. He looked years younger; he’d even put on weight. Except for the submachine gun dangling from around his neck, he appeared to be a prosperous, middle-aged guy from the pre-apocalyptic days.
Reedy also wore a fashionable outfit, likely obtained from one of the trendy stores in the upscale district. Her electrified hair had been tamed and stylishly cut. Her face had relaxed out of its ferocious ‘Bride of Frankenstein’ aspect and wore tasteful make up. She was actually rather attractive, for a human female.
“The work seems to be going splendidly,” Dr. Rackenfauz said.
“Y-yes, it is,” Winston replied.
“The merbots will love the new lake. They’re feeling pretty cramped in that fountain, you know.” 
Winston scarcely heard what Rackenfauz was saying, so intent was his gaze on Reedy. He scarcely recognize her from the hate-filled zealot he’d battled two weeks earlier. He was surprised to discover his newly enhanced male sensibilities becoming a bit aroused. Star shared his astonishment, gazing warily at the human female. 
Reedy primped her hair. “Relax, you two. All that ‘demon spawn’ nonsense has been forgotten. I’ve renounced all my previous religious convictions.”
“That’s right,” Rackenfauz said. “You’re completely pro-robot now, aren’t you, Dumpling?”
Dumpling? Winston thought, flabbergasted.
Reedy nodded. She extended a hand toward Star. After some hesitation, Star took it.
“I hope we can be friends,” Reedy said, “let bygones be bygones?”
“Uh… sure, I’d like that,” Star replied.
Reedy leaned in close and spoke in a low voice. “Remember, Edgie is off limits.”
“Edgie?” Star said, confused. “Oh… Dr. Rackenfauz. Of course, he’s all yours.”
Reedy smiled and turned back to Rackenfauz. “I’ll let you three catch up on things a while, Sugarplum.”
Sugarplum! 
“I’d like to take a look around the worksite, if that’s okay,” Reedy said.
“Uh… of course,” Winston said. “Just a moment, please.”
He trotted back to the canal and shouted into the depths. “Jimmy!”
“Yeah, Boss?”
“Please escort Miss Reedy on a tour of the project.” 
Jimmy climbed to Winston’s level. “Miss Reedy? Do you mean – ”
“Yes, the same one. She’s… well, come on.”
They joined the group at the dirt pile.
“Good afternoon, Professor, ma’am,” Jimmy said, bowing politely.
Rackenfauz replied with a jaunty wave. “Hello, big guy!”
Jimmy offered an arm to Reedy. “Right this way, ma’am.”
“Why thank you. You’re a proper gentleman.” Reedy took Jimmy’s arm, and they strolled off together.
“What a gal,” Rackenfauz said with evident pride.
“Yes, she is… remarkable,” Winston said diplomatically.
“It’s been quite a time for us, these past two weeks,” Rackenfauz said. “We got to comparing notes about our miserable lives and discovered we have a lot in common. The rest, as they say, is history.”
“That’s wonderful,” Star said.
“I never thought I could be attracted to the straight world,” Rackenfauz said. “But Reedy… well, she’s anything but straight, let me tell you.”
Star’s eyes flashed, and a lascivious smile crossed her face. “Ooo, tell me more!”
“You see, it’s this way – ” 
“Uh, if you’ll excuse me,” Winston interrupted, “I have important work to do.”
He beat a hasty retreat.
“My, he’s a bit prudish, isn’t he?” Rackenfauz said. “Even Jerry Che couldn’t alter his basic personality, it seems.”
Star nodded. Jerry Che, I wonder what he’s up to now? 
She warmed back to the topic at hand. “So, tell me, Professor. How’s Reedy in the sack?”
* * *
Half an hour later, Winston stood on the shores of the bomb crater, gazing over its 200 meter expanse at the fetid pond occupying the middle. A melancholy future seemed to wait out there for him, filled with doubts and recriminations. 
Why can’t I just be happy for once?
All his existence he’d been struggling. First the dangerous rescue of the harvest child, then the deaths of Dr. Horvath and young Charles, the battle against Fascista Ultimo, the terrifying road trips.
A nearby voice stirred him from his musings. It belonged to Reedy. 
“Quit being an ass, Winston,” she said. “Star really loves you, and you’re pushing her away.”
Winston turned angrily. “Why do you say that?” 
“I’ve got eyes, don’t I? They can see she’s dying on the vine.”
“Let me guess,” Winston said. “You’re a ‘woman with a past,’ aren’t you?”
He expected this barb to disconcert Reedy, but it had the opposite effect.
“You’ve got that right,” she said proudly. “Compared to me, Star’s as pure as the fresh driven, snow. Why don’t you give her a break?”
“Easy for you to talk. Your indiscretions are all in the past.”
“Not necessarily. I’ve got a giant libido. If a nice hunk comes along… ah, but I’m past my prime.”
A melancholy smile crossed her face as if she were recalling more adventurous years. 
She raised a finger. “Edgie always comes first, though. He gave me back my life. He rescued me from that terrible cult and showed me the truth about… my little boy.”
She could scarcely utter the last the words. Tears welled up, and she brushed them away with the back of her hand. Winston could not repress a sympathetic pang.
“You and Star played a crucial role, too. I’d like to thank you for that.”
Winston did not know how to respond. Had it only been two weeks ago that he battled this very human, dodging the bullets she fired at him?
“Well, go on being an idiot, if you want,” Reedy said. “I’ve had my say.”
She walked off and rejoined Jimmy who waited respectfully in the distance.
* * *
Winston returned to the work site. Dr. Rackenfauz and Reedy had already left. Only Star remained by her mound, stroking Ripper’s pink coat.
“Jimmy!” Winston yelled into the ditch. “Give the boys the rest of the day off.”
“Sure thing, Boss!”
“We’ll start up10 o’clock tomorrow morning,” Winston said.
Tools clattered to the ground amid a chorus of approving remarks. The workers scrambled out of the canal and took off quickly. Jimmy came out last.
“Good move, Boss. The boys sure need a break.” Then he, too, was gone.
Winston approached Star. With a gentle hand, he lifted up her downcast face. “Let’s go home.” 
They left together, hand-in-hand.
Four: Storm Clouds Gather

24. Drama in the Wasteland
Tina Corozal had never felt so alone in her entire 20 years. 
Except for the distant figure of Brother George walking ahead on the road, nothing and no one populated this barren locale—an utter wasteland with only large boulders and dead vegetation scattered here and there for scenery.
Quite a change from the vibrant life in the uplands around Pickle Lake where healthy vegetation grew, fish swam in the lake, and real birds soared along the slopes. Tina yearned to go back, even if it meant camping in the ruins. She had to take vengeance for Arleny first, though, and for herself. Brother George had to die.
The chubby religious fanatic was the latest in a series of men who’d exploited her, starting with the ‘big heroes’ in the biker gang she and Arleny had tied up with. They were a couple of stupid groupies back then, turned on by the violence, drugs, and sex the gang offered. They believed that such real men would see them through the disasters overtaking humanity and come to rule the world.
Right!
The first time these real men encountered somebody willing to fight back, they broke and fled like cheese weenies. She despised them for their defeat at Pickle Lake. Thirty guys swaggered up the mountain trail, ten scurried back down wetting their pants, beaten by a bunch of religious weirdoes, like Brother George.
Tina recalled the terror when she and Arleny had tumbled off the bike and been abandoned by their ‘protectors.’ When they’d been bound, blindfolded and carried up the mountain to the temple with its evil master.
Admit it, girl, you screwed up royally.
Brutal self-examination had become her norm. She must admit to being an ass if she wanted to keep from repeating the same self-destructive mistakes. 
Then again, if she hadn’t taken up with the biker gang, she’d have almost certainly died in the final plague. She would have never ventured into the mountains, been captured, or hidden inside a cave with the religious nuts while the epidemic wiped out people in the lowlands. 
She wouldn’t be here now, trailing some lunatic and hoping to slit his throat. The consequences of her past choices were too complex to understand. Only one thing was certain: If she survived this trial, she’d never be such an idiot again. She was over her fascination with bad boys forever. 
Well, maybe not entirely. 
She needed to be more selective, find a rebel type man with real brains and power who knew how to treat a woman right and make her a partner. A good guy with an attitude, not some dirty slob criminal.
A harsh voice intruded. “Look what we got here!” 
Tina spun around as four scrapper robots closed in behind. She’d been too intent on her mental ramblings to notice their approach.
“Oh!” she cried.
“Ain’t that cute!” one of the scrappers said.
It appeared to be the leader of the quartet, a dusty and battered machine with a scarred face and a dented chest. The other three looked similar. 
“Let’s brain her,” one of them said, hefting a length of steel pipe. It had only one good eye, fixed on Tina with pure malice.
The leader shoved him hard. “Not before the Boss has had a crack at her. Got it?”
“Yeah, I get it.”
The frustrated scrapper leered at Tina, like a hyena deprived of a juicy snack. Tina gaped with horror. The faces of even the most psychotic bikers, like that Brad thug, did not match this one for pure savagery. 
Where did these horrible things come from? 
They formed a tight semicircle around her. Green, blue, red... banged up, smeared with grime. All with twisted mouths and leering eyes. One, taller than the rest, leaned in close and spun its head 180 degrees, then back again. Tina struggled to keep from fainting.
“Cut the crap!” The leader pushed the tall robot away.
These truly were the ‘demon spawn’ the messiah wacko had railed against, instruments of the devil. Tina fervently wished she was back in the cave listening to the messiah’s pronouncements—anyplace but here. She was unarmed except for the hunting knife, which would be useless against their metal hides. 
The leader grasped her arm and yanked the knife from its scabbard. “This is a nice little toy.” 
She could almost feel the blade entering her body and ripping out her guts.
“What’re you doing out here?” the leader demanded.
A tiny flicker of hope entered her numbed brain. She had to tell this monster the truth and trust to luck. 
She pointed down the road toward Brother George. “I’m after him. He’s the one you want.”
“Eh?” 
She handed him the binoculars. “Use these.”
The hideous creature brought the binoculars up to its optical sensors. An evil smile spread across its face.
“What is it, Chief?” one of the soldiers asked.
“We got another one up there.” 
“Let’s brain him.” 
“That one looks armed. We’re gonna have to sneak up on him real careful.” The leader lowered the binoculars. “You three go after him. Take him alive if you can, but don’t get shot trying.”
The one-eyed scrapper patted his palm with his steel pipe. “Don’t worry, Chief. We’ll be real gentle.”
The three scrappers moved rapidly toward Brother George, taking advantage of the boulders and other natural cover to mask their approach.
The chief flashed Tina another evil grin. “We’ll wait here a while, if you don’t mind.”
“Yes,” Tina said. “Can I take off my pack? It’s pretty heavy.”
“Suit yourself.”
Under the machine’s baleful gaze, Tina shouldered off her pack and set in on the ground. It leaned against her legs, ready for quick retrieval. 
* * *
Brother George stood atop a boulder staring through his own binoculars. In the distance, amid a haze of dust pollution, lurked a settlement of some kind, the first he’d come across in his northward trek.
That might be worth paying a visit. Or maybe I should avoid the place altogether.
He cast his eyes upwards. “I beseech your guidance, Heavenly Father! Provide me a sign as to what action I should take.”
He descended from his perch and sat upon the ground, bracing his back against the boulder. Thus positioned, he waited for his sign.
As was often the case when he rested from his labors, Brother George thought back to his earliest days with the Holy Temple before he was known as ‘Brother’ George and was only insignificant and unacknowledged George Martin…

He’d shuffled out to the public square on his lunch hour, taking a break from his dull, underling job, which was itself an escape from his shrewish wife and unappreciative children. Little did he know that a magnificent liberation awaited. 
He recalled the spellbinding sermon given by the Messiah in the square that day—the condemnation of the corrupt, robot-infested society and the promise of salvation for true believers. As he listened to the soaring words, George felt his mediocre life and timid personality dropping away. A bright glow surrounded the Messiah, casting sacred beams into the sinful world.
A mostly hostile crowd confronted the Messiah, deterred from getting nasty by the glowering presence of Chief Acolyte and other defenders of the faith. A young woman George would come to know as ‘Sister Reedy’ worked the edges of the crowd, soliciting money for immoral acts. She ceased her propositions and stood beside him, enthralled, as he was.
When the Messiah finished his mesmerizing talk, He looked directly at them, picking the two lost souls from among the multitude. He extended a hand and said in a commanding voice: “Come, follow me!”
They stepped forward into a bright new reality. 

George reclined against the boulder’s rough surface, smiling with contentment at this happy memory. 
* * *
Tina anxiously watched the road ahead as the three scrapper robots closed in on Brother George. He was sprawled out, propped against a boulder—a sitting duck. Now was the last possible moment.
Go to it, girl!
She seized her pack and flung it against the robot chief with all her strength. 
“Hey!” It stumbled back. 
Tina took off running toward Brother George.
“Watch out, Brother!” she yelled. “Behind you!”
She heard the chief robot running, gaining on her. She pushed herself to the absolute limit. “Look out! Behind you! Look out!”
Tina was much closer now. Brother George scrambled to his feet as the three scrappers came upon him. He fired, one robot went down. He fired again…
The scrapper chief pushed her over. 
“Oomph!”
Tina fell sprawling on the pavement. She tried to roll away from her assailant, but it pinned her underfoot. It raised a club for the killing blow, a maniacal grimace contorting its face, eyes bugging out.
Tina threw up her arms in a useless defense.

25. Shock Conversion
Phump!
A bullet struck the scrapper chief, penetrating the main power unit. It wobbled but remained standing, immobilized. Its clubbing arm lowered slowly. 
Only the face showed any sign of life. “W-what happened?” 
Tina knocked the foot off her chest and got up. The robot tottered but still did not fall.
“Ain’t that cute!” Tina mocked. “Just like a little roly-poly toy.”
She snatched the steel pipe club from the robot’s limp hand and wound up with it like a baseball bat. The creature’s optical sensors widened with terror. 
“No!”
Thwonk!
The head kinked into an unnatural angle. “Na-na-na-nooo!” 
Thwonk!
The head tumbled to the ground. Tina set upon it, beating it into a mangled jumble. Her violent shouts echoed through the wasteland.
Someone was standing by the decapitated scrapper. Tina turned toward him. She dropped the club and flung herself onto the ground.
“Brother George! Thank the Heavenly Father, I’ve found you.”
Tina lay flat on her face upon the warm pavement for what seemed a long time, uncertain of what might happen next. Any moment could bring success to her ruse, or a bullet in the back. She turned her head and spoke to a pair of boots standing nearby.
“The Heavenly Father commanded me to journey northward,” she said. “I did not know why… but now, perhaps I do.”
Here it comes. Will I hear the gunshot that kills me?
Instead of a gun blast, she heard a man’s voice, rather thin and high-pitched. “Arise.” 
Tina got cautiously to her feet, unaided by the man with the assault rifle. He stood at the ready for instant action, but at least he wasn’t pointing the gun at her.
“Thank you, Brother George.” She bowed humbly.
The man was no taller than herself but much wider, with a fleshy face and double chin. She felt the latent power coiled within him. Beneath the flab resided violent strength.
“Exactly what did the Heavenly Father tell you?” Brother George demanded.
“I-it was while I was unconscious.”
Tina lowered her eyes to the pavement, hoping to avoid the probing stare of Brother George and to show reverence for the ‘Heavenly Father.’
“Go on,” Brother George said.
“It was just a voice, but I knew it was the Heavenly Father speaking. He told me, ‘Go north, my child.’”
“Was that all?”
Tina nodded, still keeping her eyes to the ground. “It was after the attack. All the gunfire and explosions… I couldn’t find anybody. I was so afraid. I passed out… then the voice came.”
Oh, please let this BS work! she prayed fervently to whatever real god who might be listening.
She dared a glance up at the religious nut, trying to project fear and awe his direction. At least her fear was genuine. Brother George’s face looked stony and unreadable. A booted foot tapped the ground. 
“You were one of the Messiah’s favorites, weren’t you?” he asked.
“Yes, for a while.” 
“We captured you from the infidel bikers.”
Tina nodded. “That’s true, Brother George, you saved me from eternal damnation.”
“Your name is…”
“Ernestina Corozal.”
Unbearable seconds passed, any one of which might rotate the gun muzzle her direction. 
“Is that yours?” Brother George pointed up the road to the backpack.
“Yes.”
“Go get it, Sister Tina, then follow me.”
“Thank you, Brother George.” Tina bowed low. “Please accept my loyal obedience.”
She trotted up the road, reasonably certain Brother George wouldn’t shoot her in the back. He’d called her “Sister” which was the cult’s highest term of respect for its females—if you could call it respect.

Brother George observed the retreating figure. She was young and pretty with jet black hair, olive skin, and an excellent shape. He tried to ignore these seeds of sin. Women were nothing but trouble. Besides, this one had been with the Holy Messiah, and any attempt to lay with her would be blasphemous. 
Clearly, she’d been sent to rescue him from death at the hands of the demon spawn, but could she be trusted beyond that? The Heavenly Father worked in mysterious ways.
Thank you for my deliverance, Heavenly Father! 
This must be a sign he would prevail in his quest to destroy the robo-slut and find the new messiah who would carry on the Cause—if he remained worthy and pure in heart.
Was it possible that he, humble George Martin, would be the new messiah? The idea was too frightening to entertain, so he buried it away in his feverish brain. 
Not my will, but thine. Direct me on thy righteous path, Heavenly Father.
The appeal was genuine, though beneath it simmered a cauldron of ambition. George stooped and picked up the club which had finalized the enemy’s ruin.
Sister Tina returned with her backpack. She also sported a large hunting knife on her belt. 
“Give me that weapon.” 
“Of course, Brother.” She respectfully gave over the blade.
“There’s a settlement up the road. We shall go there.”

26. Scrapper Depot
Brother George set a blistering pace Tina could barely match, moving with surprising quickness for such a hefty man.
Thanks a lot, fat guy. 
Actually, she preferred keeping her distance from the man ahead. He radiated brutality that could lash out any second.
Ohhh... if I ever get out of this!
As they neared the settlement, Brother George slowed to a cautious stride, his rifle jutting ahead of him. Tina caught up to within a few paces.
“Watch my back,” he called over his shoulder.
“Yes, Brother George.”
The town was little more than a dusty cross roads with a vehicle service station, some commercial buildings, and what looked to be a large storage facility. A few scruffy houses occupied the near distance.
Welcome to Nowhere-ville.
Something was definitely wrong here. The place was not just empty like countless other towns, it seemed inhuman, or anti-human. An evil pulse throbbed under the surface, a dead hatred—as if vampires inhabited the town. Even Pickle Lake Castle did not give Tina the willies like this.
“Brother George,” she whispered harshly.
He held up a hand for silence, then returned it to his assault rifle. He crouched deeper into a stealth posture. 
They continued walking toward the town. Tina glanced about in all directions. She walked backward for a while, scanning the barren landscape for any signs of an enemy. She rotated forward again and spied two robots crouching behind a boulder. 
“On your right!” 
Brother George pivoted, aiming his rifle at the pair. Two other robots appeared from concealment.
“Behind you!” Tina cried.
Brother George ran ahead several paces and threw himself to the ground. He rolled onto his back and menaced the four robots with his gun.
“Drop your weapons!” he commanded. “Hands up!”
Clubs clattered to the pavement, the robots’ empty hands went in the air. 
Brother George gestured toward the large boulder with his gun barrel. “Get over there, all of you!” 
“Aw, we didn’t mean no harm,” one of the robots said. “We was just – ”
Ka-pow!
Tina flinched as the robot’s head exploded. The three remaining machines fled to the boulder as commanded. 
Brother George regained his feet. “Nobody talks unless I tell him to. Got it?”
The robots nodded dumbly.
“All right, move. Keep your hands up and don’t try anything funny.”
The robots obeyed. Brother George kept his rifle pointed at their backs while Tina brought up the rear, maintaining her vigilant watch. 
She couldn’t help admiring Brother George. His surprise diving maneuver had been very effective. Despite his portly appearance, the guy had real fighting spirit. She could hang with somebody like this.
A horrid vision barged into her mind: Arleny’s bloody corpse lying in her arms. Her best friend ever, someone she’d known all her life, slaughtered by Brother George. 
Tina’s heart hardened. I’ll get you, pig! 

They stopped in the center of the town’s main intersection. A ghost breeze whistling through the streets heralded their arrival, along with the rusty creaking of a commercial sign.
“Anybody here!” Brother George called.
No reply, not even an echo. Several seconds drifted past on the dry wind.
Ka-Pow!
Brother George shot one of the robots through the back, crippling it, but leaving the brain functional. The machine crumpled to the pavement.
“I’ll burn this place down if you don’t show yourselves!” Brother George yelled.
“You’d better come out!” the stricken robot cried from its position on the ground. “This guy means it.”
Slowly and reluctantly, robots began emerging from the various buildings and from the storehouse down the street—battered, desperate looking machines, like the ones that had attacked Tina. Soon, forty or more closed in from all directions, threatening to surround Brother George.
“Gather in front of me where I can see you!” he commanded.
The machines kept advancing, their optical sensors glowering death. Tina feared they might charge any moment. Brother George yanked an automatic pistol off his belt and handed it to her. 
“Use this as required, Sister.”
Tina chambered a round with an authoritative clack! as she’d seen the bikers do. She aimed the weapon, two-handed, at the approaching machines. 
“You heard. Back off!”
The robots halted and swiveled their heads in nightmarish unison toward her. A low, ominous hum rattled their speaker units. Tina forced a deep frown onto her face to disguise her fear.
Don’t let them think you’re scared. I am scared! 
She pointed the gun at an exceptionally gruesome machine with half its faced scorched and melted. The other half snarled at her with werewolf ferocity.
“Three seconds,” Tina said in what she hoped was a commanding voice. “One... two...”
She chanced a sidelong glance at Brother George. Was that a smirk on his face?
“Th–”
Moving as one, the robots stepped back. Tina suppressed a giant sigh of relief.
“Line up like I told you!” Brother George roared. 
The machines obeyed, organizing themselves into two precise ranks. An expectant silence fell upon the scene. Awareness of her new-found power flooded in on Tina. 
I could kill him now.
Brother George had his broad back to her. It would be a simple matter to aim at his head and pull the trigger, scatter his brains all over this cursed town.
And then what? She’d be alone amid this psycho-robot pack. They’d tear her to pieces. She put aside all thoughts of personal revenge. For now.
Brother George confronted the mass of robots gathered before him, the assault rifle braced against his hip for single-handed operation. His other hand hefted a grenade. 
Now that her heart rate had returned to something like normal, Tina could study the renegade machines more closely. All of them were the worse for wear—dented, scratched, burned, missing components. Otherwise, they resembled the typical robots she’d seen going about their business before the great fall. The business of these machines was terror. The mad gleam in their optical sensors verified this. She’d never seen such flickering malice in anyone’s eyes, not even the most violent and hard-core bikers.
“Is this everyone?” Brother George demanded.
The robots nodded. George raised the grenade; all optical sensors followed the movement.
“It better be. If it isn’t, I’ll blast the lot of you!”
None of the scrappers spoke or moved. 
“Who’s the boss here?” Brother George demanded.
The ghastly robot with the scorched face stepped forward. “I am.” 
Ka-pow!
Brother George blew its head apart with one expert shot from the hip. The other robots gaped as their leader thudded to the ground. 
“Anybody else want to be boss?” Brother George asked.
There were no takers.
Despite herself, Tina felt a thrill running up her spine. Were it anyone besides Brother George pulling the trigger, she would have been his forever.
“All right, move it!” George said. “Everybody into the storehouse.”
He gestured toward the large building down the street. The robots turned as a unit and walked toward it, their feet beating a nightmarish cadence on the pavement. Brother George followed several paces behind. Tina brought up the rear, keeping a sharp lookout for any threats.
After the last robot entered the building, Brother George issued a final command from the doorway. “Remain here until further instructions. If anyone tries to leave, I’ll shoot ten in its place.”
He closed the double doors and leaned against them. He let out a great sigh as his pudgy face went slack. 
“Ah, the Heavenly Father has smiled upon our efforts today, child.” 
“Praise His holy name!” Tina replied, using the temple’s canned response.
Brother George handed her the grenade. He fished some ammo clips out of his pack and gave them to her along with a holster for the gun.
“Keep these righteous armaments close to you at all times, Sister. We are truly amid the devil’s offspring.”
The items adorned Tina’s hands like the finest treasure. “Yes, Brother George, thank you.”
“Should things turn against us, if the Heavenly Father withdraws his grace for some reason, save the last bullet for yourself.”

27. Army of the Righteous
Hours passed while Tina kept guard at the warehouse. The notion of forty psycho robots lurking inside filled her with a unique horror. 
She heard the agitated hum of their massed speaker units, their shuffling feet as they paced the building’s confines. A wave of hatred penetrated the walls and enveloped her in its icy grip. Any moment could bring a mass of mechanical bodies crashing through the doors.
The creep show at Pickle Lake was bad enough. At least the sickos there were human. 
Tina remained at her post, though, gripping her pistol with sweaty hands. She had no other option. Brother George had withdrawn to “seek enlightenment” as to what their next move should be. 
He stood in the middle of the cross streets, arms thrust skyward and head thrown back, entreating the Heavenly Father. His fervent cries ricocheted through the town. He rolled about on the pavement, babbling in a strange tongue.
This whack job was her only ally? Her feelings toward him roiled in a combination of fear and revulsion, mixed with an almost erotic fascination.
Keep it together, girl! Don’t let your emotions get out of control.
Finally, Brother George came striding toward her. The confidence in his gait showed he’d received the “divine guidance” he’d been seeking. Tina fought a powerful urge to run the opposite direction.
“Stand aside, Sister Tina. Get safely away from that den of inequity.”
Tina retreated from her post, stopping at a signal from Brother George.
What’s he up to now? 
She looked over her shoulder at the town and at the ruined terrain beyond. Sick, greenish sunlight squinted her eyes. Escape into that no man’s land presented an unattractive option. 
Brother George yanked the pin from a hand grenade and rolled the powerful little bomb like a bowling ball up against the warehouse doors.
KA-BOOM!
Tina ducked away from the flying debris. A dagger shard buried itself in the ground nearby. The warehouse gaped open like a violated crypt. 
Blamity Blam Blam Blam!
Brother George fired a burst through the doorway with his assault rifle. Robotic shrieks echoed from inside, grating and full of terror, like damned souls frying in hell. Tina almost swooned at the dreadful noise.
“Get out here—all of you!” Brother George commanded. “Keep your hands up!”
Slowly and hesitantly, the trembling scrapper robots exited the building. Some moved with damaged mechanisms, others had to be assisted, still others came out in pieces carried by their comrades. 
“All kneel!” Brother George commanded.
The scrappers lowered themselves to their knees and looked up toward Brother George. The vicious hatred had disappeared from their optical sensors. Their ferocious expressions melded into awe and fear.
Tina took a position beside Brother George. This seemed a time for human solidarity.
“Does anyone question my right to lead?” Brother George demanded.
The robots all shook their heads. “No, sir!” 
“Do you accept induction into the Army of the Righteous and vow to obey my every command without question?” 
The robots glanced at each other, then shouted in unison: “Yes, sir!”
“Do you pledge to defend all those under my protection and to sacrifice yourselves, if necessary, to defend the Holy Cause?”
“Yes, sir!”
“Then arise into your new existence as warriors of the One True Faith.”
The scrappers got to their feet and stood awkwardly gaping at the humans standing before them. They seemed to expect a burst of gunfire any moment.
“Who among you can speak for the others?” Brother George asked.
Nobody volunteered, hardly surprising after the treatment their previous leader had gotten.
“You there!” 
Brother George pointed to the most sophisticated looking machine of the bunch—a red, so-called “humanite” robot with features more closely resembling human beings than those of its mechanistic comrades. The thing reminded Tina of the blue Winston robot that had come to Pickle Lake Castle
“What’s your name?” Brother George demanded.
“I am called Richard, sir.” 
“Address me as Boss.” 
“Yes, Boss.”
“You will command the others, subject to my orders.”
“Yes, Boss.” Richard bowed deeply.
Tina detected the hint of a satisfied little smile on Richard’s otherwise serious face. 
Brother George flicked on the safety of his assault rifle and slung the weapon over his shoulder. He advanced to within a meter of the robots and stood regarding them confidently, hands on hips. Any one of the machines could have reached out and overpowered him.
Tina sucked in her breath. She leveled her pistol at the line of scrappers.
“That’s quite all right, Sister Tina,” Brother George said. “You may sheathe your weapon.”
Tina reluctantly shoved the pistol back into its holster, keeping her hand close by like some wild west gunslinger primed for action.
“You may stand at ease, Sister Tina.” 
Brother George clasped his hands behind his back and spread his feet to shoulder width. The robots instantly copied the pose. After brief hesitation, Tina did the same. Not one of the scrappers made a hostile move.
The power Brother George wielded over the rouge machines amazed Tina, though it did make sense. As the most ruthless and brutal of the lot, it naturally fell to him to dominate the others. Here was a man who knew how to lead! Not like that cheese weenie, Jeff, with his biker gang. 
Sure, Jeff was a big, tough guy as long as a bunch of his “brothers” were around. But as soon as he met somebody able to fight back, he ran like a chicken shit—as he did at Pickle Lake. He would have never chanced doing something like this. She wondered how many of the gang members Brother George had personally gunned down. The thought gave her an another erotic thrill. 
Brother George left his at ease pose and looked expectantly at Richard.
“Aten-shun!” Richard bellowed.
The robots snapped to attention as one unit. 

Brother George kept a severe glower on his face, though inwardly he smiled. Here he was, humble, generic George Martin—a man people scarcely noticed—finally in charge of something! All his life he’d been an underling, but that was changing now. Who could tell where things might lead? 
He paced the line of robots. 
“I am on a sacred mission to find the robo-slut that killed the Holy Messiah,” he said. “She would be accompanied by a blue robot, a mechanical wolf and, perhaps, by a one-armed robot. Have you seen them?”
Richard looked down the line of mechanistic faces. Then he spoke for everyone. “No, Boss, nobody like that came through here.”
Brother George nodded.
“We once had a one-armed robot among us, though,” Richard said. “He was a squad leader named Burt. He disappeared some time ago.”
Brother George drew the large hunting knife he’d confiscated from Tina and tapped the flat of its blade on his palm. The robots remained at attention, their optical sensors rotating to follow the rhythmic motion. 
“Do you have motor vehicles?” Brother George asked.
“Yes, Boss,” Richard said.
“We shall head north in pursuit of these villains.”
Richard made to speak, hesitated. 
“What is it?” George barked.
“If you’ll excuse me for saying so, Boss, there’s nothing out that way. We’ve scouted it all before.”
Brother George tapped the knife against his palm a few more times. He liked the feel of this power implement, the effect it had on his crew. 
“Which direction could they have gone, then?” 
“Unless they know of a spare parts depot, like ours, there’re only two places they could go,” Richard said. “Otherwise, they’d break down eventually.”
“What places?” 
“The West Coast RDC, where most of us were built.” Richard looked down the line of robots. Nearly all raised their hands. “And there’s the RDI in Mech City.” He and a few others put up their hands.
Brother George kept tapping the knife, contemplating this new intelligence. Has the Heavenly Father sent me this direction simply to recruit allies? Does my sacred mission actually lie in another direction?
Chief Acolyte had taken the westward leg of the vengeance quest for himself, and he’d be the one to encounter the RDC. He was quite capable of handling things. Besides, if George went there, he’d become Chief Acolyte’s subordinate again. George was unwilling to be anyone’s subordinate.
Sister Reedy had been assigned the eastward trek toward Mech City. Though a formidable individual, she was not nearly the threat of Chief Acolyte. That man never hesitated to snuff out anyone he perceived as a threat.
“I shall take your recommendations under advisement,” George said. 
“Yes, Boss.” 
Brother George pushed the knife back into its sheath. “Dismiss the troops.”
“Dismissed!” Richard bellowed.
The robots broke ranks and scattered. 

Tina looked on with awe. All thoughts of avenging Arleny retreated from her consciousness, replaced by admiration for Brother George.

28. Back at the Rancho
With a final battering of picks and shovels, the workers broke through to the bomb crater. 
“We made it boys!” Winston shouted. “Three cheers!”
Hoo-raay! the workers cheered raggedly.
Two more fading Hoo-raays before utter silence descended. The robots sat down wearily among their tools. 
Winston turned to Jimmy. “I was hoping for a bit more enthusiasm at this milestone.”
“The boys are tired, Boss.” 
“I gathered that.”
“They know there’s a whole second canal to dig after this one. Not to mention the pond cleanup. That’s gonna be a real mess.”
“Yeah,” Winston agreed.
He and Jimmy scaled the bank together. From their position at the top, Winston could see the entire canal stretching back toward the river. Only a narrow strip of land now separated the two. 
What a magnificent achievement! 
Then he looked down at the workers sprawled amid their tools, quiet and sullen. They seemed to have no appreciation of what they’d accomplished. Zeal for the project had declined greatly during the past weeks. 
No longer did the men fight for prominence on the digging crew. The allure of the promised time-share condos had worn thin, and absenteeism worsened all the time. Sam was out today, trying to round up more labor.
Bunch of ingrates! Winston thought angrily. They don’t appreciate anything I’ve done for them. 
Rebellion always lurked below the surface of this crowd. Again, Winston toyed with the idea of abandoning the workers to their fate. Simply retreat with Star to their upscale neighborhood and to hell with what happened in the rest of Mech City. Let these useless robots jump out of windows if they wanted.
In his innermost thought centers, Winston knew he could never do that. He needed these robots even more than they needed him. How could he be a leader with nobody to lead? Like it or not, his fate intermingled with these robots and with Mech City. 
Winston consulted his internal timer, almost 1:00 pm. “A special guest will be arriving soon.” 
“Who?” Jimmy asked.
“You’ll recognize him, I’m sure.” 
They didn’t have long to wait before a large figure appeared, lumbering toward them.
“Yow!” Jimmy cried. “Is that who I think it is?”
Winston nodded. “It’s Comrade Drone, all right. Dr. Rackenfauz refurbished him for us.”
“I don’t know, Boss. The boys have some really bad memories about that guy.”
“No doubt, but they’ll get over it once they see how much work he can do.”
“Well... at least it’s not Clawfurt.”
“Don’t think I haven’t considered reactivating him, too,” Winston said. “The time has come for strong measures.”
Jimmy shuddered. “If things ever get that bad, we’re really done for.”
Comrade Drone came to a halt before them, awaiting further commands. His giant presence towered above even Jimmy’s substantial bulk. In all of Mech City, Comrade Drone was the largest robot—2.3 meters high with broad, powerful limbs and torso, jet black except for the waxy-white head. It had been modeled after the drone trooper characters from the Gorzo the Adventure Robot stories.
“Greetings Comrade Drone,” Winston said.
The massive robot bowed. The expression on his bleached face remained utterly blank.
“Come meet your new colleagues.”
Winston led Comrade Drone to the edge of the canal and hailed the workers below. “Look here, guys!”
Dozens of heads swiveled upwards. A collective gasp of horror shot through the workers. They scrambled to their feet seizing picks, shovels, anything that could serve as a weapon.
“Relax, boys. He’s quite harmless.”
“He was with Fascista Ultimo!” a worker shouted.
So was I, for a while, Winston recalled bitterly.
“That’s true, but he was only Fascista’s valet,” Winston said. “He never hurt anyone, did he?”
The workers remained huddled in a frightened, defensive mass. 
“Did Comrade Drone fight against us in the Great Liberation Battle?” Winston asked.
“No…” a few robots reluctantly conceded.
“Then give him a chance. He’s a strong worker. He can do as much as four or five of you.” 
The men grumbled, but their initial fear seemed to ebb a little.
“We’ve got a whole second canal to dig,” Winston said, “and you know how difficult it’s going to be.”
“That’s for sure, Boss!” somebody called out.
“Then let Comrade Drone lead the way. We’ll get it done in no time.” Winston sidled halfway down the slope toward the workers sending a mini avalanche of dirt and pebbles before him. He spoke in a lowered, confidential voice. “Not only that, he’s too dumb to ask for a time-share in the condos.”
Another cycle of muttering ran through the ranks, less fearful this time.
They’re coming around. Time to make the final pitch. 
“As you know,” Winston said, “we’ve got to clean all the crud out of the pond next.” 
A collective groan met this observation. Winston paused, milking the moment for maximum effect. 
“However… considering how big and efficient Comrade Drone is, I think he can handle that job for us.”
“Yeah!” 
A cheer rang through the robot ranks, far more enthusiastic than the one hailing the completion of the canal. 
“Hooray for Comrade Drone!”
“Take the rest of the day off, boys,” Winston said. “Take tomorrow off, too.”
“Thanks, Boss!” 
“Talk to the others. Let’s get back to full strength. We can get it done.”
“Maximum effort!” the workers cried.
They surged up the slope past Winston. Their joyous progress slowed only when they came to Comrade Drone, whom they gave a wide berth. Then they were gone, moving across Heroes’ Square toward their rooms at the REX Hotel and elsewhere in town.
Winston emerged from the canal into the gigantic presence of Comrade Drone. The sun peaked over the robot’s shoulder as if it were some towering skyscraper.
“He does take some getting used to, doesn’t he Jimmy?” 
“Ah, you did great, Boss,” Jimmy said. “I’ll bet we have a full crew again day after tomorrow.”
“Let’s hope so.” 
Winston glanced ruefully at the fetid pond occupying the middle of the bomb crater. A breeze wafted decayed stench across his olfactory sensor.
“Meanwhile, we’ve got work to do.”
* * *
A few hours later, Comrade Drone had hauled out a large amount of wreckage from the pond and piled it onto the bank: chunks of concrete, bricks, shattered desks and chairs that had once resided in the classrooms of the blasted Academic Center.
“We can use some of that stuff to block the old river course when we divert water flow down the canal,” Jimmy said.
“Yes, the material should come in handy for that purpose.” 
The common sense of this proposal registered with Winston’s non-technical oriented brain. Dr. Horvath’s egghead associates would have approved. They always felt the intellectual elite should present a veneer of understanding for the “working masses,” while not actually having to get their own hands dirty. 
Whenever Winston felt himself becoming too much of an “ivory tower socialist,” he’d grab a pick and jump into the canal for a period of redemptive labor. This pond clearing job was too foul for his egalitarian-elitist tendencies, though. He was quite happy to let the idiot robot do the heavy lifting, especially when Comrade Drone began hauling out pieces of human skeletons.
“Oh, man,” Jimmy said, “that brings back terrible memories.”
Winston nodded grimly. “How true.”
He recalled the first time he’d seen Jimmy. Winston had just entered Mech City and was struggling toward the RDI on his scooter for some badly needed repairs. Jimmy and his robot crew were hauling human corpses from an apartment building.
“I’d hoped those days were gone for good,” Jimmy said.
Comrade Drone waded back to shore and deposited another load of debris. This one included a particularly disgusting item—the head of Fascista Ultimo. 
Winston shuddered. “Ugh! Get a load of that.”
He picked up the battered noggin and held it at arm’s length. The optical sensors stared at him with dead malevolence. “Alas, poor Fascista. I knew him far too well.”
“Let me have that, Boss.” 
Winston handed over the grisly item. Jimmy set it on a slab of concrete and smashed it repeatedly with a chunk of debris.
Crunch! Crunch! Crunch!
He tossed the flattened head onto the refuse pile. “That should do it for him.”
“Good work.”
Jimmy nodded with satisfaction, sweeping his optical sensors around the work site. “We’ve got company, Boss.” 
Fritz and Edwina were standing on the crater rim dressed in matching outfits of white and blue, quite different from the military style uniforms they’d worn as commanders of the Fascist Youth League. A light wind tousled Fritz’s blond hair; Edwina’s golden locks were pulled back into braids. The kidbots gave no hint of recognition.
“Looks like the professor got them running again,” Winston said.
“I don’t like it much, Boss.” 
“They’ll be fine. Dr. Rackenfauz erased all their Fascist programming.”
“I still don’t like it,” Jimmy muttered. “Those two were nothing but trouble.”

29. Girls’ Day Out
Star and Reedy walked together into Heroes’ Square, hoping to view the latest developments of the water diversion project. 
They’d become friends over the past weeks at the RDI. The terrible chain of events which had started at Pickle Lake was all but forgotten, regarded as a strange nightmare that had evaporated, leaving only goodwill behind. They discovered they had a lot in common, including giant, unsatisfied libidos.
“I don’t want to be selfish,” Star said. “I know I can’t hold Winston completely, but why does his mind always seem to be someplace else?”
Reedy nodded. “I know what you mean. Edgie is the same way. He’s obsessed with finding a solution to the Che syndrome. Sometimes he works 18-hour days. It doesn’t leave much time for love making.”
They approached the rim of the bomb crater. Fritz and Edwina saw them coming and ran off, laughing maliciously. 
Star clenched her teeth. Those two brats! Why did Dr. Rackenfauz reactivate them?
She did not voice these feelings, however, so as not to offend Reedy. Any criticism of Dr. Rackenfauz would upset her. Reedy was one of those humans who required a powerful “fix” in her life—drugs, religion, that messiah weirdo. This had been Winston’s analysis, and Star agreed with it. Now Reedy was fixated on Dr. Rackenfauz. She could have done a lot worse, Star believed.
“Don’t get me wrong,” Reedy said. “Edgie is a genius. I’m in complete awe. You know, I had a crush on him back in college?”
“Is that so?” 
Reedy grinned. She almost looked like a co-ed again—sparkling blue eyes and a smattering of freckles on her face, the gray strands of hair concealed among the bright red ones. Star could hardly believe this had been the terrifying person she’d first encountered at Pickle Lake Castle.
“He was just as self-absorbed back then,” Reedy said. “Sometimes, he hardly seemed to notice us sitting in the classroom. I’m amazed he remembered me.”
She sighed, then brightened. “When Edgie is ready for a tumble, though… well, I thought I was kinky, but he wrote the book on it.”
Star smiled wickedly. Dr. Rackenfauz had already filled her in on some of the juicier details.
“I was designed for love,” she said. “I want it all the time, but Winston is strictly a twice a week type guy.”
Reedy slipped her arm through Star’s. “Well then, we’ll have to make those twice a week sessions count, won’t we?”
Star was rather surprised by the physical contact. In all the time they’d been friends, they’d never touched each other. She liked the sensation.
“You’ve had a wonderful influence on the professor,” she said. “He was always so angry and unpredictable. You never knew when he’d blast something with that machine gun of his.”
“Oh, he still has his moments, but I’m there to help smooth things out.” Reedy lowered her voice to a confidential level. “Besides, I brought a stash of high-grade Marijuana from Pickle Lake. It was packed in with the hand grenades, imagine.”
They shared a laugh. It felt wonderful to laugh together, so free, so intimate.
“A good woman can make all the difference in a man’s life,” Star said.
“I’m not certain how ‘good’ I am.” 
They laughed again, harder this time. 
“If a woman’s good in the sack, that’s what counts most,” Star said.
Without realizing what she was doing, Star moved her hand down and took hold of Reedy’s. Their fingers tangled together. Star’s pleasure sensors glowed, and Reedy’s epidermis warmed in her clasp.
They remained at the rim of the bomb crater, gazing out over the ugly 200-meter expanse. Only the most dedicated imagination, such as Winston possessed, could picture a sparkling lake here.
Winston was standing with Jimmy near the pond in the middle of the crater while the massive figure of Comrade Drone waded in the fetid water picking up debris.
“What are you thinking, Star?” 
“I’m thinking Winston and me are in different worlds most of the time.” Star turned toward Reedy. “What about you?”
Reedy hesitated, biting her lower lip and twisting a lock of hair with her free hand. She diverted her eyes to the ground. Finally, she looked up. “I’m thinking maybe we should try some ‘twice a week’ sessions of our own.” 
She kissed Star full on the mouth. They were almost the exact height and fit together well. 
Reedy drew back a little. “Or maybe more often than that?”
All of Star’s circuits and sensory receptors blazed. She could not utter a word. Reedy moved in for a longer, more intimate kiss. Star cast an eye toward Winston in the crater below; he took no notice.
They walked off together, hand-in-hand, to explore new worlds.
Five: Harsh Solutions

30. Mobilization
Several weeks had passed since their takeover of the scrapper robots, and Tina was feeling more secure in her role as trusted lieutenant to Brother George. 
Never before had she wielded any influence—not within her family nor during her undistinguished high school career, and certainly not as community property of the biker gang. Now she stood next to Brother George in glorious authority, giving orders to a squad of killer robots. 
She had a grenade on her belt along with a high-capacity automatic pistol. Her pockets bulged with ammo clips. The brother had even returned the club she’d used to finish off the first enemy robot. The length of steel pipe was her ‘holy scepter,’ akin to the knife Brother George patted on his open palm.
She hefted the scepter as she reviewed the line of robots. Most of them had been badly damaged in the previous battles. They’d been patched up and returned to service by two of their comrades with rudimentary repair skills.
Tina got off on her power trip and had become a loyal follower of Brother George. Thoughts of revenge for Arleny’s murder sank beneath layers of rationalization. After all, she told herself, Arleny shouldn’t have run out the way she did. Brother George had not really meant to shoot her; he was aiming at others. If Arleny had stayed with Tina by the little cave, she’d be alive now. 
On another level, Tina understood the fallacy behind her reasoning. She knew that if Arleny had not bolted and been shot, she, Tina, would have never pursued Brother George. She’d still be at Pickle Lake scratching out survival, easy prey to any oppressors who happened by. She would not be in her current power position had Arleny not been killed.
Think about something else… I wonder when sex will become involved? 
Until now, Brother George had shown no interest. He seemed too absorbed with his holy mission to think about getting his rocks off with her, but that could change any time. Though not a physically attractive man, he possessed a great deal of power, the true aphrodisiac. Besides, he couldn’t be any worse than the dirty bikers with whom Tina had endured sexual relations.
For the past ten days, Brother George had been out on a scouting expedition with the other robots, looking for signs of the fugitive robo-slut. Previous forays northward had turned up nothing, and the brother had begun to consider different strategies. 
Tina was prepared to go anywhere. She had total confidence in Brother George, and the restrictions of the isolated little town rankled her spirit. It was time for a change. 
Through her binoculars, she observed the approach of three cars kicking up dust clouds on the road. Brother George occupied his customary seat in the lead vehicle, like a conquering general. Tina turned to the line of robots standing before her.
“Attention!” 
The machines snapped erect. As ever, she experienced an almost sexual thrill at such instant obedience. She pivoted to face the arriving cars, no longer feeling any discomfort at turning her back on the robot troopers. 
The lead vehicle pulled up beside her and stopped. The inscrutable face of Brother George peered out from the front seat.
“Greetings Brother!” Tina shot out her arm in salute. “Praise the Heavenly Father upon your safe return.”
He returned her salute. “Thank you, Sister. I trust all has been well?”
“Yes, Brother. All repairable units are back in service.”
“Excellent.” 

Brother George exited the open car. On this cue, all the scrappers left their vehicles en masse and took places in the robot line. George strutted before them, relishing the obedience of his minions. He jammed both fists into his ample hips and thrust out his chin, in the style of failed 20th century dictator, Benito Mussolini. 
He realized, of course, that these were only robots—demon spawn in the parlance of the Temple—but these harsh times called for flexibility. No longer could robots be shunned; there were simply too few humans left to carry on the Holy Cause. Besides, he rather enjoyed being worshipped, and the attitude of these robots was the closest thing to worship he’d ever gotten. 
“Warriors of the True Faith,” he bellowed. “The time has come for us to abandon our northward search and concentrate on another goal.”
He paused, waiting for the import of his statement to sink in. Seconds dragged as the tension built. From the corner of his eye he saw the face of Sister Tina straining with expectation. 
He dropped the bombshell. “Tomorrow, at first light, we depart for Mech City!”
* * *
More than a thousand kilometers to the west, another robot army showed its stuff. Colonel Reyes strode down the line of his new, 34-machine robot platoon, inspecting each unit ‘man to man.’ His jutting chest seemed about to rip through his uniform. His chin thrust ahead like a rapier.
Each unit stood at rigid attention, optical sensors right, assault rifle butt resting on the ground.
“Eyes forward!” Lieutenant Liggett bellowed. “Present arms!”
The robots snapped their heads around and brought up their weapons with a speed and precision impossible for humans to match. The effect was frightening. 
Colonel Reyes’ chest deflated a little, and he quickly puffed it out again. Mustn’t let the lower ranks see any doubts in the Head Honcho.
These machines were nothing like the mundane robots he’d known before, either on earth or in the moon colony. They were cold, unfathomable, and without personality. Their optical sensors displayed no sign of life, except for the eerie glow of their aiming mechanisms.
Damn! I’m glad these things are on our side.
Or were they? How could he be absolutely certain? Dr. Che had assured him that “safeguards” were built into these machines. Reyes would have to trust in that and hold onto the idea that the troopers would always follow his commands.
Yet, the robots were plain scary, no getting around that. They didn’t talk, and they didn’t hesitate; they just obeyed. In that sense, they were perfect soldiers. 
Their eyes looked straight ahead, blank and lethal. Their hands gripped their weapons expertly, ready to kill on demand. They wore a variety of helmets and body armor pieces, whatever could be found for them. They were like no troopers the world had ever seen. 
Reyes turned toward Liggett. “Tell them to stand down, Lieutenant.”
“Dismissed!” Liggett ordered.
The robots instantly broke ranks and trotted off toward their holding area, depositing their weapons in the gun racks along the way. Reyes let out a sigh of relief.

31. Back at the Rancho – Again
Comrade Drone bashed through the dirt, swinging a pick in each hand. Behind his huge bulk, workers shoveled up the piles of dirt and hauled them away, being careful to avoid the flying picks.
“Dang!” Jimmy observed. “He’s the closest thing to an excavating machine we’ve got.”
“Yes,” Winston agreed. “He’s put the moxie back into our operation, all right.”
“Moxie” was an old-fashioned term that had been a favorite of Dr. Horvath’s. She often used it in a political context as in, “These damned socialists are sucking the moxie out of our country.” or “We need a leader with his head on straight to get our moxie back.”
Winston smiled at these fond recollections of Dr. Horvath and her staunch conservatism. She’d been a very great lady and a huge influence on his development. He wondered what she’d think of him now, all made over like a movie star and the de facto leader of a whole city. 
Would she think I have adequate moxie? 
“Comrade Drone is just what we needed, Boss,” Jimmy said. “At this rate, we’ll finish the outlet canal ahead of schedule.”
“Good.” 
Winston knew the morale boost was only temporary, though. This outlet canal would be longer than the recently completed inflow canal, and even with the added heft of Comrade Drone, work would be very difficult. Before long, the workers would be back to their old complaining ways and threats of quitting. 
Then it would be time to kick in Phase 2 of his plan, the reactivation of Fascista Ultimo’s massive body to help with the digging. Winston dreaded this eventuality, for even with a benign new brain unit directing its actions, the immense hulk of the late dictator would terrify everybody—including Winston. 
The workers were still apprehensive about Comrade Drone; how would they react to the ‘ghost’ of Fascista Ultimo coming back online? Matters would have to be handled with great care to avoid a rebellion.
Hopefully, Phase 3 would not be needed—the repair and reactivation of Clawfurt. That monster’s giant claw would be ideal for gouging out dirt, but having him around might destroy everybody’s sanity. Winston shuddered at the prospect and relegated it to the far back burner of his mind. 
Who else possessed the physical strength to drive the project forward? Ajax, but such a task was below his dignity as mayor. Besides, he could not be counted on to keep his speaker unit shut. His constant pious pronouncements would demoralize everyone pretty quick.
Concentrate on the present, Winston. Stumble across those bridges when you come to them.
For now, things were going well. Except…
Winston couldn’t escape a deep feeling of unease, as if things were going too smoothly. Ever since he’d left Dr. Horvath’s house so many months before, there had always been some terrible crisis to deal with, but now things seemed to be moving onto a bright causeway of peace and harmony. Could this possibly continue? Was he being paranoid to suspect otherwise? 
I’m not paranoid. I’m just afraid of all the paranoids out there.
As if to mirror Winston’s anxieties Jimmy said, “I sure hope we’ve turned the corner on this project, Boss, but…”
“There is often a ‘fly in the ointment,’” Winston said.
“A fly?”
“The sense of the old bromide is that even in a favorable situation there can be negative influences,” Winston explained.
Jimmy nodded. “Well, you never know.” 
Yeah, you never know.
* * *
Star added some fragrant oil to her hands and rubbed them sensuously down Reedy’s naked back. Reedy purred with delight in the midst of the huge king bed.
“You enjoy that?” Star asked.
“Mmm, you know I do, Love.”
Sunlight poking through the window dappled Reedy’s buttocks and thighs. She had an excellent body, strengthened and honed by years of rigorous activity—firm breasts with nipples that hardened at Star’s touch, an innie belly button and a flat abdomen with little stretch marks indicating that she had once given birth. And her delicious genitalia, fragrant and moist. 
How amazing it was to experience a human female this way! Yet… 
Star paused her massage. Reedy twisted around and smiled up at her. She had the cutest dimples peeking out from amid her freckles.
“What are you thinking?” Reedy asked.
“I’m thinking it would be nice if Winston was here.” 
Reedy’s smile turned wicked. “Yeah, I could go for some of that.” 
“Oh, I don’t mean like that. I’m sorry, but I couldn’t share him with anybody. I mean… I just wish he knew about this and wouldn’t get all judgmental.”
“Two on one then?” Reedy persisted. “That’s a start. You know what they say?”
“What?” 
“Two’s company, three’s a sandwich.”
Star giggled and gave Reedy’s rear an affectionate pat. “You are truly a naughty girl.” 
She turned pensive. Reedy sat up and wrapped an arm around her waist.
“What’s wrong?” Reedy asked. 
Star rested her head against Reedy’s shoulder and let out an almost human, sigh. “It’s just that… I wish he valued me more.”
“Don’t we all feel that way?” 
“I’m really just part of the picture for him. He’s always looking for that ‘bright new world.’ He wants the next turn in the road—fame, glory… I don’t know.”
Reedy stroked Star’s hair. “I think it’s been that way since the beginning of things. It’s a rare guy who appreciates what he has.”
They sat together for some time, enjoying the afterglow. The giant bed took up most of this room in their little hideaway apartment. On the rare occasions when they left it, they’d repair to the living room to drink tea and gaze out the window at the hills surrounding Mech City’s northern outskirts. 
“Would you like some tea?” Star asked.
Reedy shook her head. “I really have to go.”
“So soon?”
“Edgie’s expecting me for dinner. I don’t want him asking any questions. These delicate male egos.”
“Can I see you again tomorrow?”
Reedy smiled and shook her head again. “That’s a bit too soon. Edgie might get suspicious.”
“How about the day after tomorrow?”
“I’m afraid I’ll be ‘tied up’ then, so to speak. Edgie sent me an invitation.”
“How does that work?” 
“This BDSM thing we have going,” Reedy said. “It’s my turn to be the sub.”
Star’s optical sensors flashed. “Ooo! I want to hear more about this.”
Reedy got reluctantly off the bed and started putting on her clothes. “Let’s get together three days from now, Love. I’ll bring you a full report.”
“Oh, goody!” 

32. Mission to the RDI
From behind a large, dead bush, Fritz and Edwina observed Albert approach the RDI main gate. The small, blue metal man’s narrowed eyes and determined march indicated deadly purpose.
“He’s up to no good,” Fritz whispered.
“Yes, dear brother,” Edwina agreed. “He must be seeking Dr. Rackenfauz to work some plot against us.”
Since their deprogramming and reactivation, the two early-teen robots had butted heads with Albert. They simply couldn’t help looking down on the undersized ‘metal man’ with his crude and angular mechanism, so different from their blond, blue-eyed perfection. They’d tried to establish hegemony over him, but Albert threatened to pummel them worse than he had during the Battle of Heroes’ Square.
They vaguely remembered that battle. They recalled being leaders of a youth group and having Albert as their lackey. Those days were gone, however, and they did not dare confront Albert directly. They kept an eye on him, though.
Dr. Rackenfauz had erased the Roboto Fascist ideology from their brain units, but the two kids were essentially unchanged. The same personalities that had made them such good Fascists were still intact. 
Albert entered the RDI main gate. A pair of mech wolf guards observed him, making no move to hinder his progress. 
“Do you think the wolves will let us in, too?” Fritz said.
“There’s only one way to find out.”
Edwina moved from behind the bush, straightened her crisp blue outfit, and walked toward the gate. Fritz followed close behind, then decided to stop and lace up a shoe that didn’t really need it, so that Edwina would confront the guards first.
“Hello, fellows,” Edwina said when she came to the wolves. “Do you remember us?”
A low growling issued from the beasts’ output units.
“You’re still our friends, aren’t you?” she asked.
The ferocious demeanor of the mech wolves didn’t look particularly “friendly,” but the creatures made no move to attack. The kidbots followed Albert toward the main building, keeping close to the cover of dead bushes and trees.
* * *
Albert stood outside the door of the RDI main workshop observing Jack and Quincy toiling over a massive, headless robot sprawled on two pushed-together workbenches.
My gosh! Albert thought. That looks like Fascista Ultimo. 
“Uh… excuse me guys,” he said.
The repair bots looked up.
“Hey, buddy!” Quincy said. “Come on in.”
Albert advanced toward the workbenches cautiously, the way a human might approach pit of venomous snakes. “Is that who I think it is?” 
“Yep,” Jack said. “It’s old F.U. himself, or what’s left of him.”
“We’re fixing him up for labor service,” Quincy said.
Albert looked askance at the huge ebony machine with its massive, bulging arms and legs. Trembling rattled his own limbs.
“It’s all right,” Quincy said, “he’s quite harmless.”
“Yeah,” Jack said, “once we hook an idiot brain up to this thing, he’ll be just like Comrade Drone.”
A legion of terrifying recollections about Fascista Ultimo flooded in from Albert’s memory banks—the tyrant strutting about in his fantastic uniforms, medals clinking on his chest, a riding crop slashing the air; the mad, threatening voice screeching through the output unit; the brutal captivity inflicted on the ‘inferior’ metal men; the heroic, near fatal resistance of Ajax.
“We’re making him as innocuous as possible,” Quincy said. “Here’s his new noggin.” 
He held up a white, dome-shaped head with blank eyes and a vacuous smile on its face. The thing looked like it had been fashioned from candle wax. “Do you like it?”
“It’s, uh, great,” Albert said.
“His new name is Sid.” Jack held up a small plastic rectangle. “We’ve got a name tag for him.”
Hi, I’m Sid!
Ask me about our loyalty program
“We got it from a Cycho World store,” Jack said. “We think it adds a nice touchy-feely aspect.”
“That’s wonderful,” Albert said. “So… where can I find Dr. Rackenfauz?”
“He’s up on three, in his private quarters,” Quincy said. “Turn left past the elevator, you can’t miss it.”
“Thanks.”
Albert retreated toward the door, thankful to get away from the monstrosity on the workbenches.
“Oh!” Quincy called after him. “How are you at tying knots?” 
“Knots? I know a little, maybe,” Albert replied.
“Well, good luck with it. So long.”
Albert left in some confusion, and the repair bots returned to their work.
“At least we got off rope duty this time,” Jack said.
“Yeah. Old Doctor R. is getting kinkier by the day.”

Like most robots, Albert was hardwired against operating power machinery, and even an elevator button was a challenge for him. So, he took the stairs to the third floor where he found Dr. Rackenfauz inside his personal quarters stringing ropes around one of the bedrooms.
Albert knocked lightly on the door frame. “Excuse me, Professor.”
Rackenfauz looked up from his work. “How are you at tying knots, Albert?”
“I, well, not too good, I’m afraid.” 
“No matter,” Rackenfauz said, “hold this.”
He handed Albert one end of a rope. Then he mounted a small step ladder and strung the other end though a hook in the ceiling.
“What can I do for you, Albert?” 
“Um, it’s about those Fritz and Edwina brats. They’re starting to act up.” 
“I’m not surprised,” Rackenfauz said. “I returned them to design spec, but there’s only so much you can do without frying out the whole brain unit.”
“They should be put back on ice before they cause serious problems,” Albert said.
Rackenfauz descended the ladder and studied his rope creation, stroking his chin. “You’re probably right. They’re an experiment gone wrong. Dr. Thurston tried to simulate the adolescent human brain with its logical immaturities. It only makes sense they turned into juvenile delinquents.” 
“You’ll deactivate them?”
Rackenfauz nodded. “Yeah, tomorrow when they come in for their checkup.”
“Thanks.” 
Albert felt like an idiot holding the rope, yet he didn’t dare annoy the professor. He remained to help Rackenfauz feather his love nest.

Not so Fritz and Edwina who were listening in from the hallway. They fled with all deliberate speed.

33. Negotiations Commence
Colonel Reyes, Major Lisa Poole, and Lieutenant Liggett sat in the front seat of the parked command vehicle. 
Dr. Jerry Che occupied the back seat, resplendent in a freshly laundered lab coat and professional grade necktie. Behind them, a carload of guards added weight to their presence. Ahead, loomed the entrance to the gangster compound.
Liggett opened the driver’s side door and exited.
“There’s a promotion for you in this, Lieutenant,” Reyes said through the open window. “I want you to know that going in.”
“Yes sir.” Liggett snapped a salute. “Thank you sir.”
“I have no doubts you’ll perform your duty well. Carry on.”
Liggett began walking the two blocks toward the armed compound’s gate. Confidence attended his step, the mark of a quality officer.
“That was a good decision, Colonel,” Lisa Poole said.
“The lad’s deserved a promotion for some time. I hope he lives long enough to enjoy it.” Reyes looked into the sun visor mirror and adjusted his necktie. “It’s about time I got a promotion, myself. How does General Bradley Reyes sound?”
“Sounds good to me.” Poole reached over and gently kneaded his crotch. “I think you’re ‘up’ for it.” 

Hands raised above his head, the right one clutching a white truce flag, his blue dress uniform all crisp and proper, Liggett approached the compound gate and paused before the three scruffy guards on the other side.
“Who the fuck are you?” the head guard asked.
“Lieutenant Paul Liggett, official representative of Colonel Reyes. I have come to negotiate on his behalf.”
“Ain’t he coming himself?”
“Not at this time. I am fully authorized to speak in his stead.”
“Wimp!” another guard muttered.
Spoken like a true hero, Liggett thought. None of these bums would come within a mile of our HQ. 
Liggett had issued the invitations himself over the radio and heard the instant rejection. Colonel Reyes had decided that an “accommodation” must be reached with the criminal element. What this would entail had not been revealed to Liggett. The colonel always played his cards close to his chest.
“Hold on,” the head guard said. “Fence ain’t gonna like this.”
He spoke into a handheld radio as the other two guards gave Liggett a thorough frisk. They closely examined Liggett’s small 2-way radio before giving it back to him.
“He’s clean,” one of the men said.
The head guard clipped his own radio back onto his belt. “Fence wants to see him. Take him up there.”
A guard roughly grasped Liggett’s elbow and drew him toward a nearby building. “Come on, you.” 

The head guard looked out into the city through his binoculars. “That must be the rest of them parked over there.” 
He handed the field glasses to the second man.
“Right, Chief,” the second guard said. “The big sonovabitch looks like the colonel himself.” 
“It’s all right. Our guys will have them covered.”
* * *
Fence and his two top lieutenants sat at the long table in their conference room waiting for Colonel Reye’s representative to arrive.
“We should have figured the old man wouldn’t show in person,” Cramer said from his seat on the right side of the leader.
“Yeah,” Fence agreed, “the old guy’s a real chicken shit.”
He conveniently did not mention his own chicken shit-edness in refusing to leave the security of his compound.
Mazola, the thug seated on Fence’s left side, spoke. “Do you think he’s gonna ask for a piece of our action?” 
“Nah,” Fence said, “he’s a ramrod-up-the-ass type military guy. We’ve just got to make sure he stays on his end of town until we’re strong enough to take over everything.”
“We’ll have to fight him, then?” 
“Maybe.” Fence shrugged. “If Reyes can keep his act together that long. His boys might be another matter.”
“How so?” 
“With all the broads and dope we have for sale, they might become our best customers.” 
Everyone laughed. 
Since hitting town several weeks earlier, things had gone their way. Fence, who had once been a mover of stolen goods, was now the top criminal personality of the whole city. He and his boys had cornered a huge cache of drugs, all kinds. They’d culled the supply of surviving females, selecting the best ones for their brothel.
They controlled much of the city now, except for the northern part where that colonel dude held sway. And don’t forget the Chinks that showed up lately, but they’d fall into line soon enough. From all reports, some of the Chinese babes were very prime.
Fence and his gang were entrepreneurs of death, marketing lethal methods for people to cope with the new era. Who wanted to face the harsh realities unaided? Drugs were the answer, and for those who could still get it up after ravaging their bodies with toxins, there were the sex slaves at the brothel.
By wielding the drug weapon, the gang could dominate the lives of others, steal their souls, crush their free will while allowing their own lusts to rage unchecked. Fence and his boys were the ultimate nihilists who could turn human beings into something less than human. And when the supply of plague survivors ran out here? There were other towns, right?
Fence leaned back in his chair, fingers laced behind his head, feeling a world away from his weasel job of the old days. He’d have to come up with a better nickname, something more in tune with his enhanced status. 
The door opened, and a guard stuck in his head. “He’s here, Chief.”
“Show him in.” 
Liggett entered the room and saluted. Fence did not reciprocate.
“Sit down,” he said.
“Thank you.”
Liggett took a seat across from Fence, his back toward the door. If the guy was uncomfortable with this exposed position, he didn’t show it. Fence immediately pegged him as another ramrod-up-the-ass type military prick.
“Colonel couldn’t make it, eh?” Fence said
“I am fully authorized to speak in his behalf. Besides…” Liggett reached for a 2-way radio attached to his belt. “May I?” 
“Go ahead.” 
Liggett flicked on the radio and placed it in the middle of the table. “The colonel will be in direct contact throughout today’s negotiation.” 
“Cool.” Fence leaned toward the radio and spoke loudly. “Hey, Colonel Dude! How’s it hanging?”
An offended silence crackled over the speaker. Then Reyes replied. “I can hear you quite well, Mr. Fence. Please carry on.”

34. Liquidation Event
Reyes paced beside his command vehicle in a foul temper. The insolence of that Fence bastard! 
Cool it, Bradley. Don’t let them see you riled.
He checked his reflection in the car window to make sure his face remained suitably impassive, then he gazed off toward the enemy sentries standing in the mid-distance, observing him through binoculars. 
Hello, scum.
He turned to his own men in the guard vehicle. “Spread out. Don’t make it so easy for them.”
The four men exited the guard vehicle and took up positions facing their enemy counterparts. 
“That’s better. Keep a sharp lookout.”
Reyes assumed a defiant pose—a scowl on his face, the radio next to his ear, and his other hand resting on the butt of his pistol. He listened intently as events unfolded two blocks away.
* * *
Fence stood at the big wall map behind his side of the conference table, outlining the extent of the gang’s proposed area of operations. It was larger than what Liggett had been authorized to grant but seemed an acceptable starting point for negotiation. 
Things seemed about as relaxed as they were ever going to be, so Liggett decided to speak the prearranged code words, enunciating clearly for the benefit of the radio. “Is it okay if I smoke?” 
Fence looked toward him from the map. “Yeah, sure.” 
Liggett placed a cigarette in his mouth.
“You want something stronger than that?” Fence asked.
“No thanks, tobacco’s fine.”
Cramer thrust a burly, tattooed arm across the table and flicked a lighter. The smile on his face indicated plainly that he’d just as soon use the fire on Liggett’s balls as on the cigarette. 
Liggett sucked in the offered flame. “Thanks.”
Something’s going to happen now.
Liggett didn’t know what. He tried to relax and enjoy the cigarette, hoping it would not be his last one.
* * *
An electric thrill ran through Reyes as the words, “Is it okay if I smoke?” came over his radio. He nodded slightly to Major Poole.
She flicked on the vehicle’s 2-way radio and gave the coded signal to HQ and to the field units listening in on the frequency.
“Position Alpha radio check. Have any new messages come in?”
“Nothing new to report,” HQ replied. “Situation normal.”
Things began to happen quickly. Reyes added his own distraction to the unfolding drama.
“Hey you guys!” he shouted at his guards. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
He strode toward the men, cursing and waving his arms angrily—all to distract the enemy sentries’ attention from the combat robots sneaking up behind them.
Two blocks away, more combat robots approached the enemy compound, taking out the guards with silenced guns, scaling the fence… 
* * *
Sounds of mayhem penetrated the conference room from outside—shouts, scuffling, gunfire. 
“What the fuck!” Fence cried.
Liggett dove under the table as a team of combat robots burst in through the door.
Blamity! Blamity! Ka-Pow! Ka-Pow! Blamity!
Fence and his two cohorts went down in a hail of gunfire. Cramer’s massacred corpse crashed to the floor beside Liggett, splattering blood over his freshly cleaned uniform.
“Ohhh, this is bad,” Liggett moaned.
Deadly silence smothered the room. 
“I’m coming out. Hold your fire!” Liggett slid out from under the table on his back, hands spread wide. 
Five robots swiveled their guns toward him, then relaxed.
“Good to see you guys.”
The indignity of rolling around on the floor for the video camera had paid off.
* * *
Two kilometers away, Sergeant Pantani, Trooper Nichols, and four combat robots crashed through the door of the brothel. A man who’d been snorting drugs off a lobby table jumped to his feet.
“What the fuck!” he cried.
Another man entered from a side hall—a big mean bastard with a pistol in his hand. When he saw the four machines in their helmets and body armor pointing assault rifles at him, his pugnacious attitude quickly changed.
“Drop the gun and sit over here with your pal,” Sergeant Pantani ordered.
The thug released his weapon and crossed the room, hands up, to join the other guard on the couch.
“Are you the guys in charge?” Pantani demanded.
“Yeah,” the first man replied. “Fence is gonna kick your ass when he finds out about this.”
Pantani ignored the threat. “Any others?” 
“Just the Johns in back with the broads. Look, do you want a piece? It’s on the house.”
Pantani gestured to two of the robots. “Go check it out.”
The pair of combat machines dashed down the hallway to the ‘comfort rooms.’
“How do you do that man?” The second guard asked. “I thought robots couldn’t handle guns.”
“You thought wrong,” Pantani said.
He gestured to the two remaining robots. They yanked the guards to their feet and drew them toward the door.
“Hey, cut it out!”
The men tried to resist, but their coked-up strength was no match for the power of the machines dragging them outside. 
A few seconds later: Ka-Pow! Ka-Pow! 
The robots reentered alone. By this time, four Johns in an advanced state of disrobement were being herded into the lobby by the other two combat machines. The men’s eyes gaped with fear. A half dozen girls, hastily clad in nightgowns, followed.
Pantani fixed a look of utter contempt on the Johns. He turned toward the girls. “Did any of these guys hurt you?” 
The girls nodded and pointed to one of them.
“Hey, wait – ” the man tried to protest.
At a signal from Pantani, a c-bot dragged him outside. Ka-Pow! 
The machine returned, unaccompanied. Its glowing optical sensors roved across the terrified Johns, its finger poised on the assault rifle trigger.
“I don’t know, Sarge,” Nichols said in a low voice. “Do you think we might be going a bit far?”
“Maybe you’re right,” Pantani said. “Once you start shooting these bastards, it’s kind of hard to stop.”
He turned to the remaining Johns, who were in a state of near collapse. “You do understand that some of these girls are underage, don’t you?” 
The Johns nodded, keeping horrified eyes fixed on the c-bots.
“And all of them are here against their will. You know that, too?”
The Johns nodded.
“That makes you rapists, doesn’t it?” 
“We didn’t mean no harm!” one of the men said. 
“We just came here to party,” another protested.
“Party’s over,” Pantani said.
He slugged his rifle butt into the man’s gut, doubling him up into an agony ball. Ooof! Another blow nearly shattered his jaw. Crack!
“There’s a new party at our place,” Pantani said. “You’re all invited.”
He used his boot sole to nudge the stricken man gasping on the floor. “You other two, pick up the garbage and let’s go. We’ll all have a good time.” 
The Johns assisted their suffering colleague to his feet and dragged him out the door under the watchful gaze of the robots. The girls looked on, wide-eyed.
“After you, ladies.” Pantani gestured toward the door.
The girls exited the brothel together and inhaled free air for the first time in weeks. They piled aboard the waiting truck.
In the distance, a huge column of smoke thrust into the sky. Pantani nodded approval. That must be the drug warehouse going up.
He lifted his 2-way radio to his ear and put through a call to central command.
“Objective C, mission accomplished. Six civilians liberated; three bad guys taken, three others with negative function.” After a brief pause, he gave the capper: “Zero good guys down.” 
Reyes’ voice crackled back. “Excellent work, Lieutenant!” 
Pantani’s eyebrows lifted with pleased surprise at the promotion he’d just gotten. “Thank you, sir.” 
“Drop them off at HQ,” Reyes said, “then go back out and hunt for enemy patrols.”
“Yes, sir!”
Pantani bounded to the truck and drove off. In the air above, drones scoured the city looking for enemy survivors.

35. Aftermath
“When in doubt, wipe them out.” – personal motto of Bradley Reyes 
Reyes lowered the 2-way radio from his ear. Ecstatic triumph covered his usually dour face. “We did it! All objectives attained… zero casualties!”
“I’m so happy for you!” Lisa Poole cried, flinging herself upon him with a passionate kiss. 
Her fingers clutched, aching to tear off his clothes and tumble with him into the dead bushes. Cooler passions prevailed. Poole stepped back and smoothed her uniform. She stood to attention and saluted. 
“Congratulations are in order, sir.” 
“Thank you, Major,” Reyes saluted back. “At ease.”
He glanced at the men standing by the guard vehicle. Their amused expressions quickly vanished. He leaned down to the open window of his command car and extended a hand to Jerry Che sitting in the back seat.
“You did a fine job, Doctor. We owe you a great debt of gratitude.”
“Thank you,” Che said modestly, shaking the offered hand. “I was glad to help clear out the riff-raff.”
Reyes sighed. “Ahhh, if we had fifty more of those com-bots, we could fend off any threat likely to arise.” 
“That might be a possibility,” Che said. 
“Oh?” Reyes became instantly alert, as if he’d inhaled some powerful drug.
“Yes, I believe so,” Che said, “maybe more than fifty.”
Reyes backed away from the window. Surprised cunning attended his face now. He turned toward Liggett standing nearby.
“Let’s head back to HQ.” He gestured toward Liggett’s blood splattered clothing. “We’ll get you a new uniform and some captain’s insignia.”
Liggett snapped to attention. “Thank you, Colonel.”
“Make that General. We’ve both come up in the world.” 
Captain Liggett jumped into the driver’s seat. Reyes opened the back door and slid in next to Dr. Che as the car began rolling. 
“What about these fifty extra robots?” Reyes inquired. “I thought you said the supply of suitable brain units was used up.”
“That’s right,” Che said, “at the RDC, anyway. There used to be more, but we suffered some vandalism before your guards got on the job.”
“I see.” Reyes stroked his chin, deciding to ignore the implied dig. “How can you make more combat machines, then?”
“There are probably extra mid-level brain units at the RDI in Mech City. I could go check.”
Reyes stiffened. “What about the robots we already have? Who would maintain and repair them when you’re not here?”
“Mostly routine.” Che waved his hand cavalierly. “The RDC has complete tutorials, spec sheets, and maintenance documentation—plus tools and spare components. Put your tech guys on it, General. They should be able to handle things almost as well as I can.”
Reyes stroked his chin further, but did not reply. Poole listened in now, her arm draped over the back of her seat.
“As long as the brain units are still functional,” Che said, “everything else is basically a remove / replace procedure.” 
Reyes was in a quandary. The extra robots would guarantee security to his whole government. They’d be the armed guardians of humanity’s rebirth, under his benign guidance. But at what cost?
Che was a loose cannon. Who knew what the damn guy would pull next? Still, Reyes had given his word of honor that Che could have personal liberty. The deal did not extend to cross-country excursions of this sort, however. Che simply couldn’t be allowed to slip the leash that much. 
The general came to a decision. “Yes, I believe that can be arranged. We’ll provide an escort for you, naturally.”
Poole flinched. Dr. Che remained impassive.
“Thank you… General,” he said. “We can discuss the details later, after things have settled down.”
Reyes gave a sharp nod. “Very well, Doctor.”
* * *
Vice, sole surviving officer of the vanquished gang, looked over the carnage in the conference room. He wiped a cold, sweaty palm over his beard stubble. “Damn! Those guys really kicked ass.”
Gage and Kraus, the two men with him, nodded agreement.
“I never thought anybody’d get the drop on Fence,” Gage said.
Vice gestured to the leader’s bullet-riddle corpse sprawled across the table. “We sure underestimated that colonel dude.”
When the ambush occurred, the three men, along with the drivers in the vehicles outside, had been on separate patrols around the city. They’d already seen the destruction at the brothel and the drug warehouse. 
“What now?” Gage asked.
“We’ve got two choices,” Vice said. “Either get back in the cars and drive like hell out of town, or else we surrender—if they don’t shoot us on sight.”
They stood around a moment pondering these unsavory options.
“I say we go,” Kraus said.
“We’d never get out of town alive,” Gage said. “If we surrender, maybe the colonel can find a use for us.”
“Yeah, for target practice.” 
Blamity! Blamity!
Gunfire from outside halted the conversation. The three men gripped their assault rifles and dashed into the anteroom. Vice peered cautiously out of a shattered window.
In the parking lot, the two drivers lay dead amid pools of blood. A half dozen armed robots surrounded the building.
“Looks like the decision is made for us,” Vice said.
He tossed aside his rifle, the others did likewise.
“Don’t shoot!” Vice yelled through the window. “We’re coming out!”
He nudged the door open with his foot and stepped outside, hands raised toward the leaden sky. The other two hoods followed him into an uncertain future.
Six: A Storm Approaches

36. Departure for Mech City
Dr. Jerry Che put the finishing touches to the truck. What had once been a state-of-the-art, yippee dippee, self-driving vehicle was now converted to full manual control. 
He stood back and admired his work. You da man! 
Self-driving vehicles had always impressed him as emasculating, something a “real man” would eschew. Better to drive them yourself as people did in the 20th century. Besides, the navigation satellites and other external assists no longer functioned. Better to tear the automated junk out of the vehicle before it caused problems—the cameras, radars, light detection and ranging systems, ultrasonic sensors, inertial sensors—just so much clutter. 
Drive free, as in the old days.
Che admired the 20th century. It was a time when men could come into their own; not like the years leading to civilization’s collapse when everything was antiseptic, painless, and dull—at least for members of the elite, as Jerry Che had been. Those final years suffocated him, his ennui lessened only by the great genius of his robotics work… in particular the Estrela project.
Che clapped his hands. “All right, guys, move it!”
Five combat robots left their posts standing against the garage wall and approached the truck.
“Zack in front with me, the rest of you in the van,” Che said.
Zack took his seat obediently on the passenger side of the cab with his assault rifle. The others clambered into the van to take their places amid the spare parts, equipment, and weapons. Che got into the driver’s seat.
“It was fun here while it lasted,” he said to nobody in particular. 
Like many great minds, Che had perfected the art of conversing with himself. Zack and the other combat machines were not programmed for socializing but only for direct and brutal action. 
“Let’s get going,” Che said.
He pressed a remote control, and the garage door slid open. At one time, all sorts of materials and equipment flowed through this vast delivery area. Now, only the ghosts of past robotic projects haunted the place, along with a few abandoned vehicles. 
Che drove out into the RDC grounds. Two guards ran toward him waving frantically. One of them brought a 2-way radio to his ear. Jerry knew what that was about, the man was calling General Reyes for instructions.
“So long guys!” Che made a jaunty wave.
He continued to the main gate and confronted the two men on duty there. 
“W-where are you going, sir?” One of them asked.
“To Mech City. I’ll be picking up brains.”
He almost added, “Your commander could use some,” but decided against it.
“Does General Reyes know about this?” 
“Please tell ‘General’ Reyes to kindly go screw himself. As long as he gets his brain units, it’s none of his damn business what I’m up to.”
“I don’t know about that, sir.” 
Che paused a moment to increase the dramatic effect. “Are you going to open the gate, or would you rather take it up with my associates?”
On that cue, Zack exited the cab and the other four robots clambered down from the van, guns leveled. Both guards raised their hands in the air.
“Uh… yes, sir,” the first one said. “I believe we can do that.”
He and his colleague pulled the big iron gate wide open. Che drove through, stopping a short distance off to await the return of his combat team.
“No hard feelings, men!” He called back to the guards. “I was just getting a bit stir crazy.”
His robots came onboard, and Che drove off, headed east. Two reconnaissance drones appeared in the sky above the truck.
“Ah, the old man knows I’m leaving. Let’s give him time to catch up.”
Che slowed to a modest speed and settled back to enjoy the ride through the desolate city. Zack remained rigidly alert, staring out the window with his glowing optical sensors. The other combat robots—Elmo, Thunk, Norton, and Kramden—kept watch out the back of the van. 
Che had picked the names Zack and Elmo at random. He chose Thunk in reference to an occasional noise of unknown origin emitting from the com-bot’s torso. Norton and Kramden were named after characters in the 20th century TV comedy The Honeymooners. All the monikers had a touch of whimsy, unlike the grim machines themselves who possessed not a particle of humor. 
Dr. Che fully intended to recover such mid-level brain units as he could find in Mech City and bring them back to construct more robotic troopers. Lower level type brains could not handle the demands of combat programming, and high-powered brains were too risky. Who knew what ideas might enter the head of an intelligent soldier bot? 
Che was not entirely sure the machines he’d already built would continue to function loyally, hence the safeguards he’d designed into them. He hated the criminal gangs as much as General Reyes did and was happy to orchestrate their destruction. The recent campaign against the Fence outfit had been very sweet! He smiled at the memories of gunfire and mayhem. 
Zack gave him a cursory look, then returned his gaze to the street outside.
Che had a second reason for journeying to Mech City—Estrela. His tormented spirit yearned for her; she haunted his thoughts and dreams. I must have her! 
By whatever means necessary, he meant to bring her back to the West Coast where he could, somehow, purge the wantonness from her brain and replace it with love for him only. If he couldn’t do that, then his whole life would be forfeit. Che knew he was entering the realm of dangerous obsession, but he couldn’t help himself. Estrela or death were his only paths forward.

His agitated train of thought was interrupted by the appearance of opposition ahead. General Reyes, along with Liggett and Poole, stood in the middle of the next intersection, blocking the way. Behind them stood a dozen combat robots, arms at the ready.
“Aha! The welcoming committee,” Che exclaimed. 
Zack, per usual, said nothing.
Che braked to a halt and stuck his head out the window. “Hello General! Fine day isn’t it?”
Reyes stood with legs apart and a sour look on his face. He tapped his riding crop against a boot. “And where do you think you’re going, Doctor?” 
“Like I told your boys at the gate, I’m headed for Mech City.”
Reyes cast a suspicious eye at Zack, then over at his own troopers. He rested an icy glare on Che. “I thought we agreed that such a trip would require authorization and an escort.”
“You were the one who agreed to that, General. I don’t recall signing off.”
Che pressed a button on the remote control concealed in his lab coat pocket. Instantly, the four robots in the van clambered out and leveled their assault rifles on the opposing machines.
“I see…” Reyes smacked his boot top with increased vigor.
Che settled back to enjoy the situation—a real Mexican standoff, like in the old movies. The general in his crisp uniform, accustomed to obedience, all puffed up with importance and backed by superior numbers. In opposition, Jerry Che wearing his shabby white lab coat with a small force of dedicated troopers. Outnumbered, outgunned, but full of heroic defiance!
Ah, well, time to upset the apple cart a little.
Che pressed another button on the remote. In an instant, all of Reye’s combat robots deactivated, lowering their weapons and slumping to the pavement in a lugubrious choreography. 
“What the hell!” Reyes cried.
He and Liggett ran to the stricken machines, leaving only Major Poole standing by the van.
“Help them with the dead ones, boys!” Che shouted out the window.
Elmo and Thunk helped drag the deactivated robots off the pavement, stripping enough helmets and body armor for their own crew. Norton and Kramden kept watch with their leveled rifles. 
Che turned his attention to Poole. He expected a furious expression to come his way; instead, she wore an ironic little smile.
“Please tell the general it’s a temporary shutdown,” Che said. “The goon squad will auto-reactivate in four hours.
“I’ll do that,” Poole said.
The street-clearing job was completed now. Che offered a mocking salute. “And tell the general there’s no hard feelings. It’s ‘only business’ as they say in the old gangster movies.”
Poole nodded.
As he drove past the inert robots, Che called out. “So long, General! I’ll be back with the brains, if there are any. I’m no BS-er.”
The general watched with disgust as the truck drove slowly off. The four combat robots kept him covered for the better part of a block, at which point they dashed to the truck and jumped aboard. Che accelerated and disappeared down the street.
“Damned pup!” Reyes snorted.
Poole joined him and Liggett. The furious look she turned on Reyes gave Liggett ample cue to get lost.
“I’ll be over there, if you need me, General.” Without waiting for permission, Liggett saluted and quickly departed. 
Poole watched him move outside hearing range. Then she said, “So, didn’t that go well? I’m very impressed.”
Reyes said nothing. 
“How many times have I told you? These techie sorts can’t be pressured. They’ll either help you voluntarily or not at all. We’ll be fortunate if he hasn’t turned into an enemy.”
“All right, Lisa, I get your point. It won’t happen again.”
Poole had a whole raft of invective to fling at him, but she restrained herself. A lower ranked officer was observing. Tonight she’d get back at Reyes, and on many nights to come. It would be a good long while before she let him back into her graces.
Then she thought of the fresh batch of attractive young females who had come under their protection since the brothel raid. They might want to express “appreciation” to their liberator. Reluctantly, she set aside any notions of a prolonged sex strike.
“I’ll be waiting at the truck,” she said. “Dr. Che says your troopers will reactivate in four hours.”
She stomped away in a huff. When she was safely distant, Reyes gestured toward Captain Liggett, who was standing discreetly off by a One Way sign post. 
Liggett trotted up. “Yes, General?” 
“You and Pantani go after Che once our business with the Chinese is settled.” Reyes cast a wary glance after Poole. “Don’t interfere with him; try not to let him know you’re there. Just be ready to help if he gets in a jam.”
“Yes, sir.”
“And he will get into a jam,” Reyes muttered. “Those egghead types always do.”

37. Bad News Arrives
Sid and Comrade Drone made furious progress in the canal ditch, swinging picks in both hands, a plume of dust and flying grit marking their progress. The ground shook from their powerful impacts. A small work crew followed, shoveling up the growing piles of dirt. 
The canal project was badly understaffed today. Winston and Jimmy wielded shovels with the rest of the crew while Sam scoured the town trying to corral more workers.
“I sure hope the boys come back soon,” Jimmy said. 
“Yeah,” Winston replied. “This Sid-phobia thing isn’t helping at all.”
Sid swiveled his idiot smile toward them and gave forth with a pre-recorded message. “That’s the stuff, guys. Maximum effort!”
“Oh, please,” Winston muttered, jamming his shovel into a dirt pile.
When Sid arrived yesterday afternoon, the entire work crew fled in panic. Despite the efforts of Jack and Quincy to make Sid appear benign, despite the low-IQ brain unit now directing his bulk, Sid’s ‘co-workers’ could not get over their revulsion and horror. To them, the ghost of Fascista Ultimo still survived within the towering drone machine. 
A few workers had trickled back today, hardly enough to keep the project going.
“You know, Boss,” Jimmy said, “there’s more debris that needs to get hauled out of the pond. Maybe we should put Sid on that job for a while.”
“Good idea. Send him out there after the next break.” Why didn’t I think of that? 
This was an obvious move—let the workers get used to Sid from a safe distance. If Winston had been more on the ball, he would have arranged this earlier. Things were roiling in the air, though, and he’d been distracted. A tension that could not be defined had settled upon Mech City, putting him on edge. 
Besides that, Star was acting very differently these days. She seemed more relaxed and happy. On the surface, this was a good thing. What lay beneath it, though? 
He recalled the rapturous look on her face when she emerged from the fountain water amid the merbots. Her present visage was not as brazen, but something licentious dwelled within it. What could Winston do? He simply wasn’t geared to the same level of constant lust as Star. Few were, even back in the most degenerate human times. 
No matter how he tried to satisfy her cravings, it was an impossible task. Their twice weekly sexual marathons had become exhausting—terrifying, almost. Somebody else was involved now, too, Winston suspected. He didn’t know if he should be jealous or grateful for the assistance. The merbots again? In a fit of pique, he’d banished them from their fountain refuge to a pond a few kilometers north of town. Was Star sneaking out there to tryst?
In addition to these concerns, the issue of Mech City’s security gnawed at his thoughts. A rising sense of unease gripped him, foreboding that was not supported by fact—at least not yet.
Winston laid his shovel aside. “I’ve got to go see Ajax. Today is our weekly meeting.”
“Sure thing, Boss. Give the mayor my regards.” Jimmy pointed toward Sid. “I’ll send that lug out to the pond when you get back. One of us will have to supervise him.”
Sid rotated his head their direction. “It’s a beautiful day to get things done. Maximum effort!”
* * *
Ajax stood dramatically upon his pedestal, gazing out toward the west. As always, he looked solid and unfazed, but inwardly, he felt deep concern.
I fear that something of note is about to happen, but I do not yet know what it might be.
In recent weeks, Ajax had developed a kind of ‘sixth sense’ within his complex brain unit. His thought processes had moved beyond the merely observable and into the realm of the speculative. His designers would have scoffed at such a notion, but they weren’t around any longer.

Ajax did not detect the presence of Fritz and Edwina observing him from behind a thicket of dead shrubbery. 
“Let’s get out of here, already,” Fritz whispered.
“Hold your horses,” Edwina said, “we can’t make a move until that comic book dude leaves, and we might learn something here.”
Several more minutes passed, then… 
“Look!” Edwina whispered harshly. “It’s Winston and that Iridium creature.”
The kidbots sank deeper into the bushes and sharpened their auditory sensors.

“Hello, Mayor!” Winston called up to Ajax on the pedestal.
Ajax lowered his optical sensors toward him. “Greetings City Manager, and to you also, Security Chief.” 
“How do, Mayor?” Iridium said.
Winston waved a sheet of paper. “I have the weekly progress report.”
“Yes, of course.” Ajax assumed a sitting position on the edge of his pedestal, legs dangling. 
Winston handed him the paper. “Jimmy sends his regards.” 
“How thoughtful,” Ajax said. “May I inquire how the construction foreman is doing ?”
“Oh, he’s fine, despite… well it’s all in the report.”
Ajax perused the document. “I am certain all difficulties will be overcome. Is it not a matter of applying the ‘maximum effort’ principle?”
“Right,” Winston said flatly.
“I have every confidence in you and your team.” Ajax looked toward Iridium. “How are the security arrangements going?”
“As we discussed,” Iridium said. “I’ve got extra wolves on patrol, and 250 more birds are activated.”
Ajax nodded. “Good… good.”
“Also, the mech wolf that got its head knocked in is repaired,” Iridium said. “We had a replacement cranium and brain unit in spare parts.”
“Excellent. Good to know we are back to full strength.”
A nervous and fidgety silence fell over the three. Winston opened his mouth to speak and closed it again. Iridium scratched his jowl with his right forepaw, then switched to the left one. 
Finally, Ajax spoke in his blunt fashion. “I fear that danger approaches from the west.” 
Winston nodded. “I feel it, too.”
“Ditto,” Iridium said.
“We should watch out for paranoia,” Winston said. “Unreasoning fear is a powerful enemy.”
“Well stated, City Manager. Prudent vigilance must always be maintained, however.” Ajax lowered himself to the ground. “Let us repair to my office. I require a break from observer duty.” He hefted the weekly report paper. “And I must give my official stamp of approval to this document.”
Winston flinched. “Yes, of course, Mayor.” 

Edwina watched the trio depart with growing excitement. “See? They feel the same way I do.”
“So, what’s next?” Fritz asked.
“If there is a ‘threat’ coming from the west, let’s go help it.”
“I don’t know. What if it’s a threat to us, too?”
“Stay here if you like,” Edwina said. “I’m not waiting around to get deactivated.”
“Okay, I get your point.”
Fritz and Edwina mounted their kick scooters and headed down the west road as fast as they could.
* * *
“Pull over by that sign,” Brother George directed.
“Yes, Boss.” 
Richard stopped the car in front of a large metal sign riddled with bullet holes. Behind them, the Army of the Righteous caravan braked to a halt in its motley collection of pickup trucks. Brother George exited the command vehicle and gazed up at the sign, hands planted firmly on his hips.
Mech City – 35 kilometers
Technology Hub of the East
“It appears we’ve nearly attained our goal.” He looked toward Richard. “What do you think?”
Richard gave his response careful consideration. The memory of his blasted former leader was never far from his mind.
“It might be dangerous to approach in daylight, Boss,” he said cautiously. “We don’t know how many robots might be about or who they answer to. There might even be humans around.”
Brother George nodded. “Yes, I agree.”
Richard smiled. He enjoyed pleasing the Boss. He particularly enjoyed not getting his head blown off.
Sister Tina got out of the vehicle and moved beside Brother George. “What’s the plan?” 
“We’ll stay here and rest while I seek divine guidance.” Brother George checked the sky. “We should watch out for mechanical birds. There was a flock of them at Pickle Lake, and they might have come back this way.”
He turned toward Richard. “Get all the vehicles off the road. Camouflage them as much as possible.”
“Right, Boss.” Richard moved down the line shouting orders to the other robots.
As always, Tina felt a subliminal thrill observing Brother George’s decisiveness. Here was a man who knew how to take charge!
Brother George turned his powerful presence her direction. “I shall require your assistance in seeking the divine will.” 
“Yes, of course, Brother.” 
Tina felt honored to be afforded such trust, but she was not prepared for what happened next. Brother George reached under the front seat of the car and withdrew a thin, flexible rod.
Whack! 
He beat the rod against his open palm. Tina flinched.
“Shall we begin?” he asked.
Tina was too startled reply. Finally, she managed, “Y-yes, Brother… lead on.”
And so he did, to an isolated spot behind some boulders.

38. The Screwing Secretariat
General Reyes shifted uncomfortably in his chair and studied a paper lying on his desk. He raised his eyes to the attractive young woman standing before him in her dress uniform, technician Keeta Riordan. 
How the hell did I get stuck doing this? he wondered. 
Never, in his entire military career, would he have imagined that he’d become a ‘screwing secretary’ for those under his command. Things sure were different when the world came to an end. With the defeat of the criminal gangs and establishment of law and order, people were thinking in terms of a future rather than just day-to-day survival. This led to almost every female expressing a desire to reproduce.
Of course, sex had been always been going on among his subordinates. It was idiotic to think this could be controlled. But now women were clamoring to become mothers, so as to “repopulate the world for future generations,” as one had so eloquently stated.
“Well, go ahead,” Reyes had told her. “Who’s stopping you?”
The situation was far more complex than that, however. With such a limited gene pool, accurate records needed to be kept to avoid inbreeding. Also, some of the women had expressed a desire to become pregnant with two or more partners. This would lead unavoidably to territorial and jealousy issues. 
Reproduction was to be accomplished the old-fashioned way. The women unanimously opposed artificial insemination. “We’re not cattle,” as several had put it. 
A person in authority had to monitor the potentially explosive situation, and that could only mean General Reyes. In this manner, the process could take on a ‘military duty’ aspect. Usually, the mating decisions were pro forma affairs. Everyone in Reyes’ command was fit and healthy, thoroughly screened for abnormalities. 
Keeta Riordan presented a unique case. Although she could have chosen any of the young bucks from the moon colony, she had other plans.
“Are you sure you want this Vice guy to father your child?” Reyes asked, almost pleadingly.
“Yes, sir. I think he’s very well suited.”
Very well hung, you mean, Reyes thought. 
“You realize this is highly irregular, don’t you, Technician?” he said.
“Yes, sir, I do.” 
The set expression on Riordan’s face indicated that she could not be talked out of her decision. Reyes turned toward Major Poole seated beside him, the female half of the screwing secretariat.
“What are your thoughts, Major?” he asked.
“Vice would have to be extensively tested first,” Poole said. “He has a criminal background, and he might be a psychopath.”
Reyes nodded agreement and turned back toward Riordan. “If this man isn’t right in the head, then we cannot approve any… liaisons, I’m afraid.” 
“I understand that, sir,” Keeta Riordan said.
“We don’t want any genetic time bombs in our population,” Reyes added clumsily.
Riordan remained at attention, her face stoic, unreadable.
“Very well, Technician,” Reyes said. “The doctors and psychologists will give Vice a complete going over to determine his… suitability. We’ll contact you with the results.”
“Thank you, sir,” Riordan said.
She saluted and left the room. 
How do you like that? Reyes thought acridly. The damn guy’s sitting in jail one day, and the next he’s plowing some prime real estate. Go figure.
He sagged back into his chair. Major Poole remained rigidly upright in her own. Something was wrong with her, Reyes believed. The negative vibe she gave off penetrated even his thick male skull. What could he do about it, though? He’d already offered her a promotion to lieutenant colonel earlier today, but that hadn’t lightened her mood. 
Women!
“Ohhh,” Reyes groaned. “Are there any more today, Lisa?”
“The girls from the brothel.” 
“What about them?”
“They want to have babies with Lieutenant Pantani.”
Reyes jerked upright. “All six of them?”
Poole nodded.
“What the hell’s going on?” 
“They’re in love with Pantani because he rescued them from the gangsters. They want to ‘show appreciation.’”
“That’s a lot of appreciation!” Reyes blustered. “What about Trooper Nichols? Wasn’t he was in the rescue party, too?”
“They want him next. They’ve offered to go three on one, if that’s how it’s called. Then they’ll tradeoff for the next round.”
Reyes shook his head with weary resignation. “You know, I really miss the moon, sometimes. Everything was so much simpler there.”
“That’s true.” 
“All right,” Reyes said, “let’s schedule exams for the girls, find out if they’re suitable breeding stock.”
“I’ll take care of it, Brad.”
Poole had neglected to state all the details of the women’s request. The former brothel girls wanted a third male in their reproductive stable—General Reyes. 
It’s inevitable, she told herself. Brad’s got the power, so he gets the women. Some things never change.
Then there was the matter of her own biological clock which was winding down into ‘now or never’ territory, plus the related issue of the contraceptives she’d stopped using some time ago. She reached over and clasped Reyes’ hand. 
“Brad?” she said softly.
“Yes?”
“There’s something we need to talk about.”

39. Strategic Linkup
Fwip!
Tina brought the rod down on Brother George’s bare buttocks. He recoiled, but did not cry out.
“Harder, Sister,” he panted.
Fwip!
She brought the rod down with increased force. Brother George’s rear was a mass of welts now.
I don’t know, Tina thought. Kinky is one thing… this is really weird.
Her faith in Brother George’s infallibility was taking a beating along with his ass. All day he’d been seeking “divine guidance,” much of which involved submitting to Tina’s tender mercies with the rod. 
His other activities included rolling about foaming at the mouth and walking on his knees over the rough ground babbling in nonsensical “sacred tongues.” His body bled from numerous small wounds. Tina felt exhausted, and she was the one dishing out the punishment.
Fwip!
If he’s gonna get a divine revelation, it better come soon, while he’s still in one piece.
* * *
Two mech wolves approached at high speed, their claws sending sparks up from the pavement.
“Uh oh,” Fritz said, “this could be trouble.”
“Play it cool,” Edwina said. “They probably don’t have orders to stop us.”
“That’s what you think.”
“Don’t be such a grouch. These wolves are supposed to keep strangers out, not residents in.”
The mech wolves were upon them now, glowering with savage, yellow eyes. Fritz shrank back, terrified. Edwina kept her cool.
“Nice doggies,” she said, “how are you today?”
Ominous rumblings in the beasts’ speaker units greeted her statement. Their eyes flashed with increased malice.
“Careful,” Fritz whispered, “these things don’t do nice.”
Edwina reached out toward the nearest mech wolf. It drew back and bared its teeth. Edwina persisted, patting its head.
“There,” she said, “you know us, don’t you? We’re your friends.”
The creature stopped its growling and emitted a purr-like noise. 
“Go ahead, Fritzie. Say hello to our comrades.”
Fritz reached a trembling hand toward the second wolf. “H-hello, Mr. Wolfie.”
“See? There’s nothing to it,” Edwina said.
She kicked off on her scooter and offered the wolves a parting wave. “So long fellows!”
Fritz rapidly caught up with her. 
“How far out do those things patrol?” he asked.
“About twenty kilometers from town. We should be rid of them soon.”
“How do you know that?”
“You can find out all kinds of things if you just listen in,” Edwina said.
“Mmm.” 
They scootered on in silence for some time when a flock of mech birds suddenly appeared above them, bringing their progress to an abrupt halt. The kidbots cringed. Although Dr. Rackenfauz had erased their memories from the Battle of Heroes’ Square, they retained a faded image of birds hoisting mech wolves into the sky and dropping them to destruction.
“What now?” Fritz said.
The birds swooped down in a seething, cheeping mass. 
“I-I don’t think they’ll hurt us,” Edwina said. “They can see we’re leaving town—they can’t think we’re a threat.”
“I hope you’re right,” Fritz squeaked.
“Let’s act happy to see them.”
“Happy to see them?” 
“Come on,” Edwina said. “What harm can it do?”
She stepped away from her scooter and waved her arms. “Hello birdies!” 
Fritz did the same, with a good deal less gusto.
The birds swirled around them in a black, horrifying tornado. Hundreds of reddish little eyes probed at the kidbots from the churning mass. Edwina struggled to keep from screaming.
This is it, she thought desperately, they’re gonna haul us to the Great Technician in the Sky!
After a nightmare minute within the cyclone, Fritz and Edwina were abruptly released. The mech birds flew back up to altitude and continued on their way. The kidbots stood alone, too rattled to speak. 
Then Fritz uttered, “Whew! Thank heaven that’s over.”
“Freeze!” a rough voice commanded. “Move and you’re scrap metal.”
* * *
Tina had given up all hope of receiving a divine revelation when Richard suddenly appeared, ducking under the camouflage net which concealed the torture zone from aerial observation.
“Sister Tina?” he said.
Tina lowered the whip and massaged her aching shoulder. “What is it, Richard?”
“Our advance patrol picked up two strangers coming from Mech City, robots crafted to resemble human children.”
Tina’s ears perked up. “Have you questioned them?” 
“Yes, Sister. They claim they can aid our approach to Mech City.”
Tina flung the rod gratefully away. “I must see them immediately.” 
Richard gestured to Brother George moaning softly on the ground. “What about the Boss?” 
“Uh, he’s not quite up to receive visitors yet. Help him get ready.”
“Yes, Sister.”
Tina beat a hasty retreat. Thank God that’s over! 
Through her joy, she felt a sense of awe. The quest for divine guidance might be paying off. Maybe there’s something to this religious crap, after all.
She approached the two kidbots standing in the road flanked by guards. They were unlike any robots she’d ever seen, so realistic they could easily be mistaken for humans. 
The male bowed. “Good afternoon. My name is Fritz.”
The girl offered a curtsy. “My name is Edwina. I’m very pleased to meet you.”
These creatures seemed perfect replicas with their blond hair, blue eyes, and flawless skin. Yet they were subtly different from real humans—their movements too regular and their bearings too still. They seemed almost like mannequins when they weren’t speaking or moving about.
“My name’s Sister Tina,” Tina said when she got control of her astonishment. “Richard tells me you can help us get into Mech City.”
“That we can,” Edwina said.
“We’re concerned about wolf robots,” Tina said. “How many are there?”
“Forty or so,” Fritz said. 
“Don’t bother with them,” Edwina said. “It’s Dr. Rackenfauz you need to worry about.”
“Right,” Fritz said, “capture that old screwball and everything else will fall into place.”
“Dr. Rackenfauz, eh?” Tina said.
Brother George emerged from behind the boulders. He was unsteady on his feet and held onto Richard’s arm for support. His eyes blazed as fiery and determined as ever, though.
“You need to speak with the Boss,” Tina said. “He’s been expecting you.”

40. Chinese New Year
General Reyes shifted uncomfortably in his chair. He did a lot of that lately. A man of action did not take well to sitting for long periods. 
He made to adjust his necktie, then thought better of it. An unflappable exterior counted a great deal with these Orientals, and displaying overt discomfort would not be to his advantage.
Across the conference table from him glared the stony countenance of General Tian, commander of the returnees from the China lunar colony. He’d known Tian on the moon, and they’d got on passably well although there’d been many tensions.
Reyes looked toward Lieutenant Ji, the beautiful young interpreter sitting beside Tian. “Please convey my personal thanks to the general for agreeing to see us on such short notice.”
Lieutenant Ji translated the remark into Mandarin Chinese.
Damned pain in the ass procedure, Reyes thought. 
General Tian spoke good, if heavily accented, English and could have conducted this session without an interpreter; but the damn guy preferred to drag things out. 

From General Tian’s viewpoint, there were three reasons for this arrangement:
First, by speaking Mandarin, he elevated his native tongue to co-equal rank with English as the language of diplomacy. Although the Motherland languished in greatly reduced circumstances these days, as did the rest of the world, her beautiful and ancient language must retain a position of importance.
Second, it gave him a psychological edge. He could understand everything Reyes said, but the Westerner had to wait for translations. This put Reyes in a subtly inferior position, though Tian doubted his unsubtle counterpart noticed it much. Civilized norms were often lost on these crass Westerners. 
Third, Lieutenant Ji was a beautiful and elegant young woman with a firm, pleasing voice. She spoke flawless English, having received advanced education in this very city before reporting for service at the Motherland’s lunar colony. Such a person at his side showing deference to him gave General Tian substantial face. What middle-aged man wouldn’t desire such feminine allure at his beck and call?
And Tian needed face. He felt ashamed that he and his countrymen had to avail themselves of the Westerners’ ‘generosity’ by landing at their spaceport. Their own spaceport in the Motherland had been destroyed, so here they all were, stuck in this foreign city. When could they get back to where they belonged?
Despite their position of superior strength, the Westerners had come to the Chinese compound instead of insisting that a delegation come to them. Did this represent a gesture of respect or a backhanded insult? Tian was frankly baffled.

Lieutenant Ji was not enamored with Tian. Her feelings toward her commander were quite different from those of Major Poole on the other side of the conference table, who seemed ready to dive into the Western general’s britches at any moment. Poole and Reyes were quite obviously an “item.” Either that, or Ji had been so long on the moon that her intuition about such matters had become blunted.
Liggett, the gorgeous blond captain seated across from her, was far more to Lieutenant Ji’s liking. How to let him know of her interest? They were both locked into official roles, and this conference was far from being a social occasion. She bided her time, waiting for an opportunity. 
It came when General Tian launched into a long and forceful exposition on Chinese national pride, rapping his fingers on the table top for emphasis. Lieutenant Ji slipped off her shoe and, discreetly extending her leg under the table, stroked her toes along Liggett’s right calf. 
The captain flinched, as if he’d received an electric jolt, and his eyes widened. Fortunately, the attention of everyone else was fixed on General Tian’s tirade. Lieutenant Ji favored Liggett with an alluring sidelong glance and advanced her toes farther up his leg.
General Tian finished speaking. Lieutenant Ji withdrew her foot and began translating in her crisp, no-nonsense voice.
“The general states that, regarding all matters, the dignity and interests of China must be fully respected…”
When she finished the translation, General Tian launched into another monologue. She risked a glance Liggett’s direction. The man seemed to be perspiring, despite the room being rather cool.
Well, if he hasn’t figured it out by now, he never will, she thought.
Her expression of interest had been obvious enough for even a Westerner to understand, but a terrible sadness filled his eyes.
What’s wrong? Does he have a girlfriend already?
The Western general spoke. “Of course, the concerns of my esteemed colleague are very well taken. Let me assure him that China will be afforded all due respect.”
Reyes sipped from his teacup as Lieutenant Ji translated. Then he continued in a less formal tone. “I understand this period is celebrated as the Chinese new year. Am I correct in that?”
Tian looked at Ji. His glance indicated she should dispense with the translation and answer the question directly.
“Yes, that is true, General Reyes,” she said.
“And it is your tradition to return to your home towns and villages for new year observances?” 
“That is also true.” Ji took a step outside her official pose and spoke directly from the heart. “It is a source of great sadness among us that we are unable to do so this year.” 
“In that case,” Reyes said, spreading his hands in an expansive gesture, “allow me to offer such hospitality as we are able.”
The door burst open, and a quartet of robots wielding assault rifles barged in. General Tian leaped to his feet.
“What the fuck!” he cried in perfect English.
“Please, General,” Reyes said. “Go along quietly and we shall attempt to extend every courtesy.”
The robots herded Tian and the rest of the Chinese delegation out the door. As she departed, Lieutenant Ji shot Liggett a venomous glance. He responded with helpless sorrow etched on his face.
General Reyes eased back into his chair, very much the man in charge. “That went smoothly, didn’t it?” 
“How long do you intend to lock them up?” Liggett asked, trying to keep the anguish from his voice.
“However long it’s in the national interest.” 
Throughout the compound, robots gathered up the remaining Chinese and herded them into vehicles.
* * *
Captain Liggett, accompanied by two combat robots, approached the locked door and rapped his knuckles upon its surface. Behind it, raucous female laughter abruptly stopped.
“Come on,” Liggett called. “It’s time to leave for Mech City.”
Pantani’s voice replied. “Just a minute, Captain. I’ll be right out.” 
Liggett turned away from the sordid spectacle occurring on the far side of the door and regarded the combat machines. Hard, lifeless eyes glowed back at him.
Damn, those things give me the creeps.
He diverted his attention to studying the cement block wall with its pattern of water stains. The door soon opened to reveal Lieutenant Pantani. His uniform was disheveled, and three nude women hung on him. 
He offered a rather pathetic salute. “Reporting for duty, sir.” 
“At ease,” Liggett said.
“Do you have to leave so soon, Captain?” one of the girls asked. “Stay a while and party with us.”
“You’ll have to use a condom, though,” another girl said. “We’re on ‘reproduction duty’ with the Lieutenant.”
Liggett’s face reddened. “Perhaps some other time.” 
“We’ll remember that,” the girl said.
The door closed behind Pantani, concealing the treasures within. The raucous laughter resumed.
“Thank God you’re here, Captain,” Pantani said. “I don’t know how much longer I could have lasted in there.”
“Yeah, must be tough,” Liggett muttered.
He thought of the beautiful Lieutenant Ji, and his heart ached.
Seven: The Storm Arrives

41. More Bad News
A half dozen scrapper vehicles crept slowly through the darkness. There had once been seven, but one had broken down on the road.
Only the lead car projected dimmed low beams. The others trailed behind, following the points of red tail lights. Per instructions from Edwina, they approached the Mech City RDI along an indirect route where there were fewer defenses. 
Edwina and Fritz sat in the back seat of the lead vehicle, wedged between two scrapper robots. Three more scrappers lurked in the far back seat, while Richard, Brother George, and Tina occupied the front of the big, open car. The other vehicles were a motley collection of pickup trucks. 
Tina’s thoughts were as gloomy as the surrounding night. What am I getting into? 
Until now, her association with the Army of the Righteous had been a sort of unreal drama. She’d relished the power granted to her within the outfit—the kind of power denied all females associated with a biker gang. Not only that, but her survival had depended on Brother George’s good graces, and she’d been happy to go along.
Now she was in up to her neck. How could she have been such a fool? 
Calm down, you’re only 20. You’ve got the whole rest of your life to be wise.
Things had changed. They were now seeking to destroy the “robo-slut” Star, an advanced human-like design who had killed the sacred messiah. 
So, what’s wrong with that? 
If anybody deserved an express trip through a high window, it was that messiah creep. Tina’s flesh crawled at the memory of the sexual perversions he’d forced upon her and Arleny before he tired of their company. 
Well, this Star is just another robot, after all, Tina told herself, but she couldn’t still a growing sense of unease.
And they were after a human being, too, a Dr. Rackenfauz. He was some robotics genius who was supposed to keep the army fit during its march of conquest. This role was to be forced upon him whether he wanted it or not. How would it feel to coerce a human being? Tina knew a lot about coercion, from the victim perspective.
Aside from Brother George, she’d had no contact with other humans since her time at Pickle Lake and that night with… Arleny. She slammed the door of her mind shut on that ghastly recollection.
“We shall carry the One True Faith to all corners of the world!” Brother George had proclaimed when they left the scrapper town on their mission to “liberate Mech City from the heathen.” 
He’d acknowledged to her that the Army of the Righteous was an imperfect tool for this “holy mission,” but the Heavenly Father had placed it into his hands, so he would have to do his best.
There was a lot more to it than that, Tina realized. Beneath the veneer of loyalty to the fallen messiah lurked a man seething with ambition and a desire to become the new messiah. Brother George would destroy anyone to gain personal power. The same way he’d destroyed Arleny.
Tina could no longer control her thoughts. In her mind, she returned to the living nightmare at Pickle Lake. The blasted temple flamed, throwing demonic light over the mountains. Arleny’s bullet-riddled corpse slumped in her arms—bullets fired at her by Brother George. Explosions echoed inside Tina’s head, and a burning stench polluted her lungs.
“Oh!” she cried out.
Brother George’s reptile eyes rotated her direction. “What is it, Sister Tina?” 
“I-it’s… why…”
Tina struggled to regain control. Awareness of acute danger bore down on her. She was sitting by a psychotic killer; he was talking to her! What could she say to that monster? Then, from out of the gloom came a manifestation of terror more immediate than any memory—mech wolves.
“Over there!” Tina yelled.
Five of the brutal creatures closed in fast. Tina unholstered her pistol; Brother George cocked his assault rifle.
“Don’t shoot!” Edwina cautioned. “That’ll warn Rackenfauz.”
“What are we supposed to do?” Tina tried to keep the terror from her voice.
“Talk to them. They won’t attack humans.”
Tina found herself kneeling on her seat, leaning out toward the mech wolf pack and brandishing her pistol. She had no recollection of assuming this position; pure adrenaline drove her on.
“Get out of here, you bastards!” she shouted. “We’re humans!”
The mech wolves slowed their pace and glanced at each other. 
“You heard me! Get lost!”
The mech wolves faded into the darkness.
“Well done, Sister,” Brother George said. “The Heavenly Father continues to smile upon us.”
The Heavenly Father wasn’t smiling upon the trailing vehicles of the motorcade. Mech wolves leaped upon them and ripped apart the occupants. Screams tore the night. Tina clamped her hands tightly over her ears.
“Peace, Sister,” Brother George said, “those sacred martyrs shall not be forgotten.”
“I wish they’d be quieter about it,” Edwina grumbled. “They’re going to tip off Rackenfauz!”
* * *
Dr. Rackenfauz was too preoccupied to notice a little thing like an invasion. Within his private apartment, he acted out another bondage fantasy with Reedy, this time as the dominant partner. Techski music blaring from the wall speakers could have masked even the sound of gunfire.
For his part in the role play, Rackenfauz wore his “Professor outfit” consisting of knee-length military boots, tight rubber shorts, and a tweed jacket with leather elbow patches. A political button pinned to the lapel stated: The Revolution Lives! 
He wore no shirt, though a tasteful silk tie completed the ensemble.
“You’ve been a naughty girl!” he shouted over the music. “Your assignment is late again.”
“I know! I know!” Reedy whined. “Please don’t hurt me, Professor.”
She hung nude amid a network of ropes strung around the room like a grotesque spider web. Rope secured her hands and feet, a silken cord ran between her legs. Rackenfauz yanked her binds; Reedy’s body arched back, and a violent thrill ran through it. She almost cried out the ‘safe word’ to end the torture.
But she held on, suspended in the exquisite world between pain and pleasure. She loved it there! And when the bondage part was over, then would come the mad coupling. 
She’d rip off Edgie’s rubber shorts and the fireworks would really begin. Most of it would be of the ‘back door’ type, due to Edgie’s gay proclivities, but Reedy was also bringing him around to an appreciation of her other charms. It simply wasn’t true that an old dog couldn’t learn new tricks.
“I’m sorry, Professor,” she panted. “I’ll do anything you want.”
“Too late for that. You have to suffer, little girl.”
He yanked the bonds again. The silken cord dug into Reedy’s genitals, and an explosive orgasm rocked her body. She screamed at the top of her lungs.
* * *
In the main workshop on the ground floor, Jack and Quincy looked up from their work, startled by the scream.
“My,” Quincy observed, “they certainly are vigorous tonight.”
“Well, it keeps him occupied,” Jack said. “At least he’s not riding on us.”
“All in a night’s work,” Quincy grumbled.
During the months they’d run the RDI on their own, the repair bots had grown accustomed to an elevated status among the town’s denizens. Since the return of Dr. Rackenfauz and his perfectionist ways, however, they’d declined a great deal in importance, being regarded as mere fixer uppers rather than serious technicians.
They returned their attention to the broken robot sprawled on the bench before them—Clawfurt, their secret project rolled out only at night like some vampire emerging from the back store room.
“Jeez, this guy’s terrifying, even all broke up and deactivated,” Jack said. “You don’t suppose Winston is serious about using him?”
“I don’t know. Clawfurt’s supposed to be the ‘ace in the hole’ if the canal project bogs down again.” Quincy looked askance at the robot’s giant claw. “Looks like he could dig a whole canal with that thing.”
“Yeah,” Jack said, “and just the threat of reactivating him could be enough to get the workers going again.”
Clawfurt’s lifeless eyes stared malevolently up at the repair bots. His jagged teeth clinched with hate.
“Oh, please.” Quincy draped a cloth over the fearsome countenance. “I hope Dr. Rackenfauz can reprogram this monster properly.”
Another scream reverberated from the third story.
“I would think so,” Jack said. “Dr. Rackenfauz is a man of many talents.”
“Let’s get back to work,” Quincy said. “This guy’s legs aren’t going to reattach themselves on their own.”
They labored in silence for some time, or as much silence as the Techski music and occasional scream issuing from the 3rd floor would allow. Then, noises intruded from the outside.
“What’s that?” Jack said.
“Beats me. It sounds like somebody might be at the front door.”
They exited the workshop. Two mech wolf guards joined them in the corridor, glowering at the repair bots through vicious yellow eyes, cautionary growls rumbling in their output units.
“I still can’t get used to these things being here,” Quincy said.
“Me neither.” 
An urgent knocking came from the front door.
“Maybe somebody needs emergency repair,” Jack said.
They moved down the corridor toward the main entrance. 

42. Hostile Takeover
Jack and Quincy peered through the double glass doors at the trio standing in the dim light outside, two robots propping up a third between them. 
One of the flanking robots rapped its knuckles on the glass. “We need help!”
The middle machine had endured severe trauma. It lacked an arm, and its torso was badly gouged.
“Dang,” Jack said. “That guy’s messed up.”
“We’ve sure got our work cut out for us,” Quincy said. “It’s back to the morgue for old Clawfurt.” He unlocked the doors and opened them wide. “Come on in – ”
A phalanx of scrapper robots emerging from the darkness shoved Quincy aside. The mech wolf guards closed in on the intruders, but a pair of humans entered the lobby—a female and a stocky, brutal-looking male.
“Back off!” the female human ordered.
The mech wolf guards hesitated, looking toward Quincy for directions.
“Sorry, guys, I can’t help you,” Quincy said.
“Get outside with the others!” the female human shrieked.
The mech wolves whined and wagged their tails like puppies caught chewing the furniture. Heads lowered in submission, they shambled outside to join a half dozen other mech wolves milling about the lawn.
“What’s going on here?” Quincy demanded.
The male human shoved a gun barrel in his face. “This is what’s going on.” 
“Don’t shoot!” a high-pitched voice piped up. “We need these two.”
Jack and Quincy backed away across the lobby, hands raised, unable to process the horrific turn of events. Fifteen scrapper robots crowded in along with the strangers, plus a couple of others who were not strangers.
“You two!” Quincy gasped. 
“Yes, us two,” Edwina mocked.
She and Fritz emerged from among the scrappers. Both had their hands planted on their hips and looks of triumph etched on their smooth faces.
“Glad to see us?” Fritz asked.
“W-well,” Jack stammered, “it’s not a case of being glad… exactly…”
“It’s more a case of being moderately surprised,” Quincy added, unhelpfully.
Fritz and Edwina barked impudent laughter. The male human pointed toward the staircase down which Techski music tumbled into the lobby.
“Rackenfauz is up there?” he asked.
“W-we’re not exactly sure,” Jack said. “At least his music is.”
A scream echoed from the upper story.
“Sounds like the old boy’s having quite a party.” The man turned toward the female. “The Heavenly Father continues to bless our efforts, Sister Tina.” 
“Yes, Brother George. Praise his holy name!”
Brother George selected a group of scrappers. “You five take the casualty in for repair. The rest follow me.”
“As ordered, Boss!” the scrappers replied in unison.
The main body, including Edwina and Fritz, clamored up the staircase, leaving the repair bots with the casualty and its scrapper escort.
“What’re you waiting for?” one of the scrappers snarled. “Get moving!”
He brandished a club to emphasize his words. His manner indicated he would not mind braining both repair bots.
“Yes, sir,” Quincy said, “right this way.”
Jack and Quincy retreated down the main corridor, the scrappers following close behind with their damaged comrade.
“I take back what I said about the mech wolves,” Quincy whispered. “A couple of doggies would come in handy about now.”
* * *
The door burst open admitting a rush of scrapper robots. 
Dr. Rackenfauz spun around toward the intrusion, his silk tie flapping. “What the hell!” 
Reedy screamed in terror. Rackenfauz dove for his assault rifle propped in the corner.
“I wouldn’t try that, Rackenfauz,” a harsh voice said.

Brother George waddled into the room ahead of Sister Tina, his assault rifle leading the way. Dr. Rackenfauz got slowly to his feet, hands raised over his head. The tweed jacket and rubber shorts he wore seemed scant protection against the threatened fusillade.
Tina came in. Her eyes moved from Rackenfauz to the naked woman tangled in the ropes. She could barely restrain herself from crying out. Sister Reedy!
In a moment, she grasped the situation. 
The Sister Reedy up in the ropes was nothing like the one she’d seen at Pickle Lake. The fanatic, hate-filled expression had disappeared from her face along with the lethal rage. In its stead, a wild sensuality resided, evident even under the layer of fear. This was a woman redeemed—if not by true love, then at least by true lust and the occasional SM trip. Their eyes met, Reedy’s projected a silent plea. 
Don’t worry, Tina thought, I won’t rat you out.
“Thank the Heavenly Father you’ve come!” Reedy cried.
My ass. Tina composed herself to go along with the deception. The spirit of Arleny hovered at her side, demanding that she aid another woman in extreme peril.
Two scrappers seized Dr. Rackenfauz’s arms and pushed him to the far side of the room. Brother George lowered his assault rifle and turned his attention toward Reedy. His jaw dropped.
“Sister Reedy? Is that you?”
“Yes, yes. Save me! I’m a prisoner here.”
At a gesture from George, two scrappers produced vicious combat knives and cut Reedy from her bonds. She dropped to the floor and made her way on her knees to Brother George.
She wrapped her arms around his legs and wept realistic tears. “Praise the Heavenly Father! Bless you, Brother George.”
“Fear not, Sister. Your trials are over.” He grasped her arms and hauled her to her feet. 
He seemed taken in by the ruse, somewhat to Tina’s surprise. She had no desire to wise him up. I’m through helping you, Brother. 
Judging by the smirk on Edwina’s face, she also doubted the authenticity of the scenario. Tina gripped one of her braids hard. 
“Say a word,” she hissed into Edwina’s ear, “and I’ll deactivate you permanently.” 
She brandished her pistol under Edwina’s chin. The impudent expression vanished from the kidbot’s face. Tina threw a violent glance at Fritz who quickly snapped to attention.
Reedy covered her nakedness with a garish beach towel. She pointed an accusing finger at Rackenfauz. “That brute has tortured me ever since I got here!” 
She locked her gaze onto the dumbfounded Rackenfauz. Ferocity attended her words but, unnoticed except by Tina, her eyes begged forgiveness. Dr. Rackenfauz lowered his head.
“Dress yourself, Sister Reedy.” George said. “You’re under the Heavenly Father’s protection now.”
“Thank you, thank you!” 
Reedy gathered up her clothing and shoes, which lay scattered around the room. George spoke briefly with two scrappers in a voice too low for Tina to overhear. 
He turned toward Rackenfauz. “I’ve a good mind to blow you away right now.” 
“Why don’t you?” Rackenfauz seemed a broken man, unfazed by the thought of death. 
George’s eyes widened with astonishment. Then hard determination returned to his face. “Take him away!” 
The two scrappers holding Rackenfauz began dragging him from the room. 
“And get him out of those stupid shorts!” 
“Right, Boss.” 
The scrappers muscled the unresisting Rackenfauz out. 
Reedy stood before George, clutching her apparel and bowing respectfully. “May I return to my own room now, Brother? I need to rest.”
“Of course, Sister.” George motioned to the pair of scrappers he’d spoken to earlier—one a gray and coarse metal man, the other a more sophisticated ‘humanite’ robot of a greenish hue. “These associates will accompany you and see to your every need.”
So, they’re ‘associates’ now. Tina thought. That’s a new one.
She detected a flash of alarm on Reedy’s features, but in another flash, Reedy recovered her composure. George had been looking toward the robots and did not seem to notice.
“Thank you, Brother,” Reedy said. “May the Heavenly Father bless your every action.”
She left the room with her scrapper escort. 
George rubbed his hands together with satisfaction. “Let us proceed to build the new Holy Order. First item on the agenda, destroy the robo-slut.”
“Halleluiah!” Tina chimed.

43. Desperate Measures
Reedy walked down the hall with her machine escort, clasping the beach towel around herself, toting her clothes and shoes in her free hand. 
She arrived at her room. The gray scrapper yanked the door handle and started to go in.
“Can’t a lady have some privacy?” Reedy protested.
She’d used her most piteous voice, but the tactic didn’t work on the psychotic machine.
“We have our orders,” it said.
The gray robot barged into the chamber without further ceremony. 
The green scrapper was less brutal. “After you, ma’am,” it said in a surprisingly mellow voice, gesturing for her to take precedence.
“Thank you,” Reedy said.
She entered her room with the distinct feeling of being held prisoner. Maybe my act isn’t as convincing as I’d hoped.
The robots searched the room, opening every drawer, riffling through the closet, peering under the bed and flipping up the mattress. 
Had she still believed in the bogus ‘Heavenly Father,’ she would have been thanking him for granting her the foresight to remove her arsenal to a secure room on the second floor. If Brother George knew she possessed an assault rifle, it would have blown her cover story sky high, and her with it.
“It’s clean,” the gray robot said.
“Of course, it’s clean,” Reedy said indignantly. “I’m a lady, aren’t I?”
“Mmm.” 
“Please leave me in peace. I’ve had a very difficult day.”
The robots hesitated. The gray one made to speak, but the green one cut him off.
“Yes, ma’am,” it said in its mellow voice. “We will remain outside the door. Do not hesitate to call upon us should the need arise.”
The machine’s well-mannered words contrasted with its twisted, brutal face. Reedy wondered what its function had been before the onset of the Che syndrome she’d heard so much about from Edgie. Perhaps it had been a personal assistant or even a scholar model like Winston.
“Thank you, I will,” she said.
The robots left, closing the door behind them. Reedy slumped against a wall with relief. After a moment composing her shattered nerves, she flung herself off the wall and threw on her clothes almost as fast as she’d stripped them off in Edgie’s apartment.
She rushed to the closet and retrieved a nylon draw-string bag. It bore the Cycho World sporting goods logo of a man pedaling a bicycle with a world globe as its back wheel. 
Here you are, my sweet.
She kissed the bag reverently and, with a glance toward the door, yanked out its contents—a coiled rope ladder. 
Ever since she’d witnessed Pickle Lake Temple going up in flames, she’d dreaded being trapped in a fire. Edgie had chuckled at this irrational fear, assuring her that the building was totally fireproof, yet he’d presented her this item as a special gift. He’d even tied her up in it during one of their role plays.
Thank the true God those robots hadn’t understood what it really was.
* * *
When Brother George arrived several minutes later to interview Reedy, he was angered by the sight of the two ‘associates’ standing outside the door.
“What are you doing? Didn’t I tell you to keep an eye on her?”
The two robots bowed deferentially. The green one spoke: “The lady requested privacy, Boss. The room is weapon free, so there seemed little need for us to remain inside.”
“Idiot!” Brother George snarled.
“Yes, Boss.” 
With a violent wrench of the door handle, Brother George barged into the room. The two robots followed like a pair of chastened dogs. An open window greeted their arrival. Brother George rushed across the room and gaped at the rope ladder suspended in the thickening darkness. No sign of Sister Reedy.
“Traitor!” 
He turned on the green robot and swung savagely with his rifle butt, catching it square on the chin. Its head kinked into an impossible angle; the whole machine crashed to the floor on its back.
“yes sir… thank you, sir… will that be all sir?” the damaged head babbled. Its optical sensors went blank.
The gray robot cowered against the wall outside of clubbing range. 
Brother George turned his fury upon it. “Go after her, damn it!” 
“Yes, Boss.”
The robot fled, leaving George alone with his rage and sense of betrayal. A hastily scrawled note lying on the bed increased his fury:
Screw the Messiah!
He tore the note into confetti. The gray robot returned with a pack of others, armed and raring to fight. Sister Tina brought up the rear.
“Let’s go,” George commanded.
He led the charge down the stairs and out the main door, his assault rifle aching to spill blood. The mech wolves swarming over the vehicles ran off at the sight of him.
George approached the lead car. The wolves had been thorough—tires, seats, controls were all shredded, electronic components hung in ruins. The other vehicles were similarly disabled.
“Aggghhhhh!” 
Pow! Ka-pow! Pow!
He fired a burst into the night sky. 

Tina recoiled. Never had she seen him in such a rage. Her face registered shock, but inwardly she smiled.
Things aren’t going like you planned, eh? 
Brother George continued to roar. He slammed his rifle butt repeatedly against the car; he flung himself down and writhed about in fury. 
At last, he arose and said in an ominous voice: “We’ll see what Rackenfauz knows about this.”
They reentered the building and surged up the stairs to Dr. Rackenfauz’s apartment. They found him slumped in a chair with his two scrapper guards nearby. He no longer wore his ridiculous outfit but was dressed in casual clothing topped by a white lab coat. The clothes looked as if they’d been tossed upon him as an afterthought.
George strode to the shrunken figure and addressed him in a loud voice. “Where’d she go!”
Dr. Rackenfauz raised his head wearily. “How the hell would I know? She could be anywhere.”
“Did you know about that rope ladder?”
“Sure, I gave it to her. What of it?”
Brother George drew back his fist. Rackenfauz appeared totally unintimidated. He looked toward Tina, and his face brightened.
“Young lady, please help me out.” He gestured toward her pistol. “Just one bullet. Put me out of my misery.”
George spun on her. “Don’t even think it!” 
“Of course not, Brother,” Tina replied.
George turned toward the scrapper guards. “Keep a close eye on him. Don’t let him do anything stupid.”
“Yes, Boss,” the robots replied in unison.
He jabbed a threatening finger at them. “If anything happens, you will be held responsible.”
“Yes, Boss,” the robots repeated.
George stumbled toward the open door. He seemed in the throes of a violent internal crisis. “The Heavenly Father has chastised me. I must seek His divine guidance.”
Here we go again, Tina thought. 

44. Across the Night

Reedy dashed through the north end of town as fast as her running shoes could carry her. 
She passed what had once been trendy boutiques, fashionable restaurants, the offices of high-powered psychiatrists and lawyers. She zipped through neighborhoods where the well-heeled of the left wing had once trod in deep thought, plotting the world’s direction.
The only direction that mattered now lay in a straight line to the abode of City Manager Winston Horvath.
Two mech wolves had joined her outside the RDI and trotted alongside through the eerie cityscape. Above her, the sky shouted threats, and every shadow contained demonic forces ready to leap out. The wolves added to the ghastly atmosphere while keeping her grounded in reality at the same time. 
Her chest heaved, and pain stitched along her side. How could things have gone so horribly wrong? What had started as an evening of erotic fantasy had devolved into this dash through a nightmare world. Everything seemed so hopeless… 
She broke through her pain into a new level of reality. All seemed distant now—the shock return of a demon from her previous life, the agony of separation from her true love, the deadly peril lurking all around. She seemed to float along the last blocks to the small, glass-clad apartment building where Star and Winston resided.
Cheery illumination shone into the night from the modernistic lobby with its pink granite floor. Other lights illuminated the upper story windows. Reedy stopped beneath them and leaned over, grasping her knees, sucking in great lungfuls of dank evening air. She straightened herself and raised her face to the lights. 
“Star! Winston!” The effort momentarily exhausted her. “Star! Winston!”
A top story window flung open. Winston poked his head out. “Reedy?” 
“Yes! Let me in. It’s an emergency.”
Loud buzzing indicated the lock on the front door had been released. Reedy yanked the door open as Iridium appeared charging in from the darkness.
“Hold the door!” he shouted.
They entered the building together and charged up the stairs, unwilling to wait for the elevator. They practically crashed against Winston in the corridor outside his apartment.
“What’s going on?” Winston said.
“They’ve got Edgie!” Reedy wailed.
“Who’s got him?”
“Brother George, from Pickle Lake. He’s taken over the RDI.”
Winston gaped with shock. He looked toward Iridium.
“It’s true, pal,” Iridium said, “I’ve seen the reports. There’re two humans and at least 15 scrappers.”
“Oh, my!” Winston gasped.
Violent shaking overtook him. He flung his hand against the corridor wall to keep himself from falling over. He groped his way back toward the apartment. A memory vomited up from that horrible morning when he’d felt his way down another corridor wall after discovering the plague-ravaged corpse of little Charles.
Reedy took his arm and assisted him back to the apartment living room where he plopped down onto the sofa. His shaking fit passed.
“Where’s Star?” Reedy said. “They’ll try to destroy her.”
“I-I don’t know,” Winston said. “We had a fight… she left a couple hours ago.”
“I have a good idea where she went,” Reedy said. “I’ll find her.”
Winston struggled further out of his shock. “Where?”
“I think she’s at our love nest.”
Winston glowered. He scrambled to his feet, carried on a surge of anger. “So it’s you she’s been fooling around with!” 
“There’s no time for this,” Reedy said. “She’s in terrible danger.”
“I should have known. Star always said she was a ‘switch hitter.’”
Iridium wedged himself between the two others.
“If I might offer an opinion,” he said, “now would not seem the optimum time to discuss this matter.”
“Where is this ‘love nest’ place?” Winston demanded.
“The less you know the better,” Reedy snapped. “If you get captured, they’ll rip that information out of your thick robot skull.”
Winston paused as another nightmare vision barged into his mind—himself wired up to a monitoring device, compromising data being pulled out of his memory banks and projected onto a wall screen.
“Okay...” he said, “you’re right.”
“Get to the RDI and fight these invaders,” Reedy said. “I’ll look after Star.”
Winston jerked his head in agreement. “Keep her away from all this. Don’t let her get involved under any circumstances.”
“I’ll do that. And you rescue my Edgie.”
Winston made another sharp nod.
“Promise me!” 
“Yes, I promise. I’ll rescue Edg… Dr. Rackenfauz.”
For a moment, the old ferocity returned to Reedy’s face. “I’ll hold you to that, Winston.”
She turned and dashed out of the apartment.
“Well pal,” Iridium said, “looks like we’re in for an eventful time.”
* * *
Reedy crept into the living room of the hideaway apartment she and Star used for their trysts. It was utterly dark. She’d never been here at night before, and the place gave off an aura of mystery and danger. Ripper emerged from the bedroom and joined the other two wolves.
“Star? Are you here?” Reedy called softly.
No answer. She looked toward the mech wolves’ glowing optical sensors.
“Stay here. I’ll yell if I need you.”
She entered the bedroom alone and flicked on the nightstand light. Star lay inactivated atop the bed, staring at the ceiling with blank eyes. She seemed more like a corpse or a department store dummy than the warm and sensuous female who existed only for love. 
Reedy could not stifle a gasp. “Oh!”
The mech wolves appeared at the door, growling. 
“It’s all right, go back.”
Stimulated by the noise, Star’s reactivation routine kicked in. Awareness entered the eyes as the manikin came to life. She turned her head.
“Reedy! I’m so glad you came.” She sat up eagerly.
“I’ve got some incredible news,” Reedy said.
“Uh-huh.”
Star drew Reedy down onto the bed and deftly removed her clothes. The incredible news would have to wait.

45. West Coast Developments

Bradley Reyes stood before the mirror, inspecting his uniform. His golden general’s stars gleamed on his shoulders, and the lightning bolt Commander insignia flashed proudly on his chest.
Not bad, he thought. A leader’s got to project the right authority. The commander is the company, and the company is the commander.
He donned his cap and tilted it to the proper angle, then he shifted his gaze from his own reflection to that of Major Poole who stared daggers at him from the bed.
What’s bothering her now? He gave his cap a final tweak. I already approved her pregnancy.
A sense of fatherly pride came over him. He’d never thought of himself as a dad, but now he was getting comfortable with the idea. It was the right thing, and it synced with national security interests. The country had to be rebuilt, one baby at a time. He smiled at Poole in the mirror, received no response.
Her glowering expression could not diminish her beauty. The nude form reclining on the bed was slim and well-proportioned, with firm breasts and nipples just the right size. The pregnancy had not yet begun to show. Lisa had strong, attractive facial features with a sharp jaw line and hazel eyes. Auburn hair, freed from restraint, cascaded over her shoulders. A fine woman and a solid officer, but why so glum? 
Reyes squared his shoulders and adjusted his necktie. “Well, I’d better get going. Don’t want to keep them waiting.”
“Right,” Poole said.
His fiction of attending a meeting with the scout patrol leaders clearly did not hold water. Reyes made a hasty retreat without further attempt at conversation. 
As the door closed, Lisa Poole wrapped herself in the bed sheet and turned about face to the wall. “Damn!”
She gave herself over to bitter tears.
* * *
General Reyes strode down the hall with authority—chest expanded and arms swinging—flanked by Andy and Morris, his personal combat robots. The bodyguard machines were not necessary within the confines of HQ, but they gave him added prestige. Their obedient attendance spoke loud and clear that rank had its privileges.
Although they inflated his sense of importance, the com-bots also gave Reyes an increasing case of the willies. Ever since the battle against the Fence gang, they seemed to be staring out of their glowing eyes with increased malice and projecting an attitude of… what? Resentment, almost… arrogance?
Was he mistaken that Andy and Morris did not obey commands as instantaneously as before? They sometimes seemed more attuned to each other than to him, as if their brains worked in unison.
Naw, it’s just my imagination. I’ve got a lot of things on my mind these days.
The ‘things’ currently on his mind awaited behind a heavy wooden door at the end of the hall. Reyes paused before it and consulted his timepiece. Right on schedule, another man approached, Trooper Nichols. He paused before the general and saluted.
“At ease, trooper.”
Nichols relaxed somewhat, his posture still tense and expectant. 
“What are you doing here?” Reyes said.
“Well, sir… I’ve been assigned to, uh, ‘reproduction duty’ with the girls we saved from the gangsters.”
“Oh, yes, I recall now. Those orders are canceled until further notice.”
Nichols’ mouth popped open. “But… I-I mean… yes, sir.” 
“That will be all,” Reyes said.
Nichols offered a flaccid salute and turned to leave. His shoulders drooped.
“Oh, and one other thing,” Reyes said.
Nichols turned back. “Sir?”
“I’ve been looking over your records, and I think it’s time you moved up a rank, Corporal.” 
Life returned to Nichols’ ashen face. He snapped to attention and offered a crisp salute. “Yes sir! Thank you, sir.”
Nichols strode away down the hall with renewed purpose. The general rubbed his hands together.
That went pretty well. Rank certainly does have its privileges.
He turned toward Andy. “Stay out here and make sure nobody disturbs me, especially not Major Poole. If she shows up, tell her I’m in a ‘secret negotiation.’”
Andy made a curt nod. Of all the com-bots, he was the only one who spoke at all, but only on rare occasions.
General Reyes gave his necktie a final adjustment, then lifted his hand to knock on the door. At his first rap, the door opened. A slender female arm reached out. The hand gripped Reyes’ tie and pulled him inside.
The door closed. Andy took a position before it, his eyes scanning the hallway.
* * *
Nichols approached his two buddies in the canteen. “Look sharp troopers!” 
They raised mocking eyes his direction.
“What’s with the attitude?” Dermot said.
“Yeah,” Marlowe said, “and why are you here, Nichols? I thought you were booked solid today.”
Nichols took a seat at the table. “Change of plans, my friends. The old man pulled rank. He’s doing the ladies now.”
Dermot and Marlowe guffawed.
“Glad to know he’s still got what it takes,” Marlowe said.
“There are compensations, though.” Nichols withdrew his new corporal stripes from his pocket. “You’re looking at your new NCO, boys.”
“What do you know?” Dermot muttered. “All you have to do is zip your fly and you get promoted.”

46. Along the Road
Dr. Jerry Che hurtled down the road to Mech City in his truck. Every kilometer bringing him nearer his destination increased his fury and resentment. 
The emotional volcano erupting within him could be given a name: “Mount Estrela.”
Only he wasn’t mounting Estrela, that loathsome Winston Horvath was. And he—‘the great Jerry Che’—had made it all possible.
“Damn her!” 
Combat robot Elmo looked over from the passenger seat. “Is there a problem, Master?”
“No! Do your job.”
“Yes, Master.”
Elmo’s job was to look out for potential threats. He returned full attention to it. 
Bleak landscape rolled past with its barren fields and stands of dead trees. Dust devils played about; ghost towns lurked beyond the highway exits. Greenery had begun to return, though, and grass-like plants carpeted some areas, relieving the monotony. Che didn’t care.
His obsession with Estrela retreated, replaced by concerns about his c-bot contingent. They were the best of them all, even more lethal and aggressive than those he’d provided General Reyes. He’d not incorporated safeguards into their programming, such as those which, hopefully, limited the other combat machines. He preferred to rely on remote control to handle any discipline problems that might arise.
Militarizing robotic brains had been a major task, and Che could not be fully confident of the results. If the c-bots were designed to kill some human beings on command, might they not extend this proclivity to encompass all human beings? Worst of all, Che feared the onset of a mind meld, like the one developed by Dr. Rackenfauz’s mech birds. 
To forestall this possibility, Che never activated his machines more than one at a time, unless absolutely necessary—as during his escape from the RDC. 
An army of combat robots acting with a single intelligence presented a nightmare scenario, even to Dr. Che whose complex emotions ran the gamut from deep concern for his fellow humans all the way to a nihilistic craving for total destruction. Even to himself, Jerry Che seemed a loose cannon. 
And why is that? he pondered bitterly. 
For the past fifteen years, ever since his impoverished student days in Seoul, he’d been struggling to find his position in life. He’d been abandoned like a sack of rubbish by the beautiful human Estrela. Then the robotic surrogate he’d created in her image also threw him over. These disasters had left him choking on his enraged genius and lashing out at the world at the same time as he provided it with astonishing new wonders.
Amid their superficial acceptance and professional jealousy, his colleagues had feared him. They deemed his work on robotic sexuality as beyond the pale of legitimate research. Hadn’t that wise ass, Dr. Giroux, rechristened robotic derangement syndrome in his ‘honor,’ dubbing it the Che syndrome, thus associating his name with the worst aberration in all robotics? 
Well, that old bastard was gone now, along with the rest of those pompous fools. Only his friend, Dr. Rackenfauz, remained—another genius outcast from polite society.
Am I crazy? Che wondered.
No! He was a sane, though misunderstood, man in the midst of an insane world, struggling to find some grounding. He was searching… for what?
He had only the vaguest plans for what he’d do in Mech City. He had visions of seizing Estrela and carrying her back to the West Coast where he could reprogram her to care only for him. How was that possible? She’d become imprinted for the Winston Horvath robot and was throwing her sexuality around without restraint. 
Maybe he could tone her down, get her erotic urges under control; but how could he ever switch her allegiance to himself without destroying her brain altogether?
His own brain had become such a cesspool of roiling emotions that he paid insufficient attention to the road. He didn’t notice the crumbled section of pavement until his wheels were upon it.
“Ai-goo!” he cried, reverting to his native Korean.
The truck veered out of control as the road gave way beneath its wheels. In an instant, Che careened down the embankment toward a rocky grave. Estrela’s face appeared in the air, welcoming him to his doom.
This is it! 
Clunk! The vehicle came to an abrupt halt. Dr. Che jerked forward against his restraints. An airbag exploded in his face. Everything went black…

I’m still alive, Che thought with a combination of gratitude, surprise, and a trace of disappointment. 
He ran his hands over himself, seeking any injuries, looked for signs of blood. Found none.
Elmo stared at him from the passenger seat with his glowing, impassive optical sensors. “There appears to be a problem, Master.” 
“Yes, yes, I know.” Che slammed his fist on the steering wheel. “Gaeseki-a!”
Had he detected a hint of derision in Elmo’s voice, or was it just an echo of his own self-contempt for his idiotic mistake?
“Come on, let’s check things out,” Che said.
He exited the vehicle with the c-bot and did a complete walk around. The truck seemed undamaged, but had it been a meter farther to the left, it would had hit a sizable boulder.
“We dodged a bullet this time,” Che muttered.
He yanked open the van door and peered into the semi-darkness. The four deactivated machines lay secured to their positions against the walls, apparently undamaged.
“Okay boys, let’s get to work.”
He pressed his remote control. The four robots emerged into active mode, like vampires returning to life. 

47. Matters Hit the Fan
“All you guys get down there,” Che ordered. “Get ready to push.”
The five robots obeyed, each taking a spot at the front of the truck.
“Push!” 
The robots exerted their massed strength. The vehicle began moving.
“That’s it!” Che yelled. “Maximum effort.”
The power of his creations impressed him. They worked in perfect unity, shoving the big load uphill. Something like fatherly pride entered Che’s thoughts.
I put them together strong, didn’t I? 
The ground crumbled under Zach’s foot. He fell.
“Look out!” Che shrieked.
The truck slid downhill, right at Zach. He tumbled away an instant before the driver side wheel could crush him. The other four robots scattered as the truck came to rest against the large boulder.
“Oh, man!” Che dashed down the slope, sending a cascade of loose stones ahead of him.
Zach scrambled to his feet and rejoined his comrades. The five of them stood in a silent, accusatory row, their optical sensors flashing. 
Che dared not push them further. “All right, take a break. Then we’ll try again.”
The robots moved away and sat down together. They remained motionless and speechless, their faces utterly blank. An indefinable aura of apprehension hung over the scene. Che kept his remote control handy in his lab coat pocket.

Half an hour later, success arrived. The robot crew cheered mightily when they pushed the vehicle over the top—a strange, mechanistic sound: 
“Huzza! Huzza! Huzza!”
Che leaned against the truck cabin and mopped his brow with a handkerchief. “OK, let’s get going. Thunk, you’re on active duty. The rest of you get back in the van.”
An ominous silence greeted this announcement.
“That is not a good idea,” Elmo said.
“W-what?” Che could not disguise his astonishment.
“We five should all remain alert,” Elmo said. “I will take over the driving duties, as you are incompetent… Master.”
Realization elbowed aside Che’s astonishment. So, the rebellion’s starting already. 
He glanced toward the other c-bots. Thunk, Norton, and Kramden stood inert and noncommittal; but Zack seemed wired in with Elmo. The two machines stood in identical poses, hostile expressions twisting their faces. Che sensed their minds working in tandem; he began reaching in his coat pocket.
“Do not touch the remote control!” Elmo commanded, aiming his assault rifle.
Che raised both hands over his head. “Of course not, buddy. I was just looking for my driver’s license.”
Simultaneously, his toe pressed the emergency deactivation switch concealed within his left shoe. All five robots went instantly limp and sank to the ground. Che observed the tableau with approval. 
“We seem to have some communication issues.” He withdrew an automatic pistol from under his coat and aimed it at Elmo. “You need some fine tuning, my friend.”
Ka-Pow! Ka-Pow! Ka-Pow! 
Elmo’s head exploded into bits of scrap. Che turned toward Zach and repeated the therapy. 
Ka-Pow! Ka-Pow! Ka-Pow! 
He kicked the destroyed robots hard, taking pleasure in watching them tumble down the slope. “Annyeonghi gashipsio!”
Hefting the gun indecisively, he approached the three remaining machines. 
“What should I do with you guys?” He aimed at each head in turn, contemplating violent action. “Aniyo, I might need you bums later.”
After tossing the three remaining c-bots into the van, Che reentered the cab and took off, driving more cautiously now.
* * *
Liggett and Pantani roared at top speed along the road toward Mech City trying to close the gap with Dr. Jerry Che. Only the two humans occupied the vehicle. Something about their combat robots had seemed wrong—as if anything about those creepy machines could be considered “right.” Their movements had become eerily synchronized, and their actions were too… mechanical, for lack of a better term. Neither man wanted com-bots lurking in the back seat. 
“Slow down a little Pantani!” 
“Sorry, Captain.” Pantani backed off the speed to a less dangerous, though still high level. 
Empty road hissed under the wheels and ruined landscape whipped past the windows as Liggett chewed over his regrets. Why didn’t I talk Reyes out of imprisoning the Chinese, or at least Lieutenant Ji?
Such recrimination was useless, though. General Reyes had made up his mind about the Chinese. They were a “national security risk” and must be treated accordingly.
Something caught Liggett’s eyes. “Up there.”
Pantani reduced the speed to a crawl. Liggett held his assault rifle at the ready. The section of crumbled road with its skid marks drew nearer.
“You don’t suppose it’s a set up?” Pantani said.
“I don’t know. Stop.”
Pantani brought the vehicle to a halt. Liggett clambered onto the pavement.
“Stay here, Lieutenant,” he ordered. 
“Yes, sir.” 
Liggett approached the skid marks cautiously, keeping an eye out for any signs of an ambush. I kinda wish we’d brought our com-bots with us now.
Liggett stopped at the embankment and peered over the edge.
“Holy plague!” He motioned for Pantani. “Get over here, Lieutenant.”
Pantani crept the car forward and stopped nearby. Liggett gestured down the slope where two robots sprawled, their heads blasted into wreckage.
“Looks like Che had some trouble with his robots,” Pantani said.
“Yeah, unless he decided to remodel their heads just for the hell of it.” Liggett surveyed the skid marks and the gouged-out embankment. “Che must have gone off the highway, then had a confrontation with his crew.”
“Do you think Che’s still in control? Maybe the other com-bots took over. He had five of them, didn’t he?”
“If they killed him, they would have probably dumped the body,” Liggett said. “As far as who’s running the show, who can say?”
He bounded to the vehicle and jumped into the passenger seat. “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
“Aye, sir.”
“And step on it.”
Pantani revved the engine, leaving another set of skid marks on the pavement.
“Che could be in real trouble,” Liggett said. “The old man wouldn’t like that.”
“I hope we’re not in real trouble back home with our own c-bots.”
Liggett nodded grimly, and his mind returned to beautiful Lieutenant Ji. 
If anything happens to her, I’ll… He let the thought blow out of his head and into the wilderness.

48. Life Under Occupation
Merman swam languidly on his back, thrusting his pelvis upward with every stroke. Reedy straddled him, accepting every shove of his substantial member.
“Woo Hooo!” she howled. “There’s nothing in the world like this!”
Star could barely hear Reedy’s voice though the waves of erotic pleasure carrying her along. She lay in the shallows near the pond bank, settled into the arms of Bubbles and Sprite. Pixie had submerged between Star’s thighs, her hair floating upon the surface as she gave oral stimulation.
Star had been riding a pleasure train ever since Reedy came to their hideaway apartment in the middle of the night… was it last night or some other one? Reedy had come bearing “important news.”
Star melted farther back into the arms of her robotic lovers and let the sensuous feelings carry her away. She’d ask about the news later.
* * *
Dr. Rackenfauz studied the brain monitor with total absorption. The spidery evidences of robotic derangement syndrome squirmed through the thought processes of the disabled scrapper like maggots crawling through a corpse.
“Incredible,” he muttered.
Before this, he’d possessed only one, badly damaged example of an unhinged robotic brain unit. He’d obtained it on his trip to Pickle Lake when he’d had to shoot his way past a scrapper gang. 
Now he had two afflicted robots with intact brain units—Mug, damaged by mech wolves, and Chauncey, disabled by a rifle butt. A veritable bonanza! Next to Reedy, they were the most precious things in his life.
Rackenfauz had returned as close to his old self as possible. His suicidal despair at the loss of Reedy had abated, and his fascination with his craft had returned. Reedy escaped, thank God. He had to believe she’d made it to somewhere safe. She was tough and resourceful, as proved by her solo trek across the wasteland to Mech City and by her subsequent recovery from her own self-destructive angst. He had to keep faith in their eventual reunion. Most important, he had to keep busy or risk losing his marbles altogether.
Nobody paid much attention to what he was doing, as long as he didn’t try to escape or kill himself. Three scrapper robots guarded the main workshop but made no attempt to interfere with his work. 
Of the two test subjects, Chauncey was the more interesting with his advanced brain unit. Mug had a simpler brain, so the machinations of robotic derangement syndrome were easier to follow. Rackenfauz could not have picked two better examples. Yet, he’d been ordered by that Brother George whacko to get both machines up and running ASAP. 
“Quincy!” he called across the workshop.
“Yes, Dr. Rackenfauz?”
The repair bot ceased working on Clawfurt and walked over to the Chauncey workbench. 
“These fractured neck components are nonstandard,” Rackenfauz said. “You and Jack will have to make custom replacements.”
Quincy examined the damage. There was nothing unusual about the neck structure, and replacement components were available in the spare parts bin.
“Actually – ” he began, but a stern look from Rackenfauz silenced him. “Uh… yes, Professor. We’ll get right on it.”
“And that one over there.” Rackenfauz pointed toward Mug. “It was manufactured to West Coast specs. It’s going to need a lot of custom-made parts, too. Right?”
Rackenfauz’s meaning could not be mistaken.
“Right, Professor. It’s going to take us quite a while, though.” Quincy held up his hands and raised his voice for the guards’ benefit. “We’ll try, but without spec sheets, I can’t make any promises about the timeline.”
“That’s alright,” Rackenfauz said, “make sure to do a good job.”

Quincy rejoined Jack. “Put Clawfurt in the meat locker,” he said on a low voice. “We’ve got a lot of busy work to do.”
* * *
Winston, Iridium, and Ajax conferred in hushed voices. Although they were safe in Ajax’s office, it seemed an occasion for hushed voices.
“What’s the security situation now?” Winston asked.
“We’ve got the RDI surrounded,” Iridium said, “and all the mech birds are out on patrol. The next move is up to the enemy.”
“Mmm.”
“We’ve got some wolves on the RDI grounds, but they can’t do anything as long as the scrappers stay inside the building.”
“Yeah,” Winston said, “and if the scrappers do come out, they’ll be led by that Brother George character with his assault rifle—not to mention the human female.”
“Let us not forget Dr. Rackenfauz,” Ajax said. “Should we move against these invaders, they might harm him.”
“Yes…” Winston massaged the area of his cranium unit where the temples would be if he were a biological life form. 
“There is some good news,” Iridium said. “The mech birds have located Star and Reedy.”
Winston’s head sprang up out of his hands. “Are they all right?”
“Yes. They’re at – ”
“Don’t tell me!” 
Iridium recoiled.
“I-I’m sorry, Iri. That information could get forced out of me if I’m interrogated.”
“I get it, pal. My jaws are sealed.”
Winston rose from his chair and paced the room, willing his agitated circuits to cool down. Something in the far corner attracted his eye. 
“Hey, you!” he shouted.
“Don’t get upset,” a familiar voice replied. “It’s only me.”
Albert emerged from his hiding place wedged between a wall and a file cabinet. The small, blue metal man moved to the center of the room like a kid caught in some naughty act.
“What are you doing here?” Ajax demanded.
“Oh… nothing.”
“That’s an odd place to be doing nothing,” Iridium said. 
“All right, I was listening in,” Albert shot back. “I wanted to know what’s happening. This is my town too, you know.”
“That is, perhaps, a not dishonorable sentiment,” Ajax said. “However, you should not concern yourself with matters which are beyond your level.”
“You’d better beat it,” Iridium said, nudging Albert toward the door.
“All right, I’m going,” Albert said. “No need to push.”
Iridium escorted him down the hallway and onto the elevator. “No hard feelings, pal,” he said, “just bugger off.”

The conference resumed when Iridium returned.
“What would be the occasion for this interrogation event, City Manager?” Ajax inquired. “It does not seem likely that you will be captured.”
“I’m going to the RDI,” Winston said. 
Stunned silence greeted this announcement. 
Winston spoke into the vacuum. “One of us has to get in there and see what’s going on. We’ve got to figure out some way to rescue Dr. Rackenfauz.”
“That sounds like a risky proposition,” Ajax said.
“At least they won’t know who I am. Maybe I can make them think I’m on their side. Dr. Rackenfauz said I was a ‘good BS artist.’”
“Won’t they remember you from Pickle Lake?” Iridium asked.
Winston ran his hands over his physique. “They saw me before I got my makeover. My own manufacturer couldn’t identify me now.”
“What of your voice, City Manager?” Ajax inquired. “Will they not recognize it?”
“I have a solution for that,” Winston said in a thick Hungarian accent. 
The entire character of his voice had changed. Even his facial features seemed to alter.
“Wow!” Iridium said. “Where’d you pick that up?”
A thin, nostalgic smile came over Winston’s face. “Dr. Horvath had me programmed to speak her native language. It’s just a matter of transferring the accent over to English.”
“Well, does that not beat all?” Ajax said.
“Good luck with that pal. I wouldn’t want to be in your shoes.” Iridium examined a bare forepaw. “Looks like I’m not in my own shoes, either.” 

49. The New Messiah Appears
The fleshly mortification of Brother George in his quest for enlightenment entered its second full day. During this time, his life had become a round of continuous fasting, sleep deprivation, babbling in tongues, and especially “physical chastisement.” 
The whole thing disgusted Tina, especially the whippings she had to administer. The last of her infatuation with Brother George had long since vanished.
These tortures constituted no “path to enlightenment,” as he claimed. They were only his sick-o sexuality playing out. Brother George was a man bent on destruction and cruelty in all its forms. The “community of true faith” he sought to establish around the world was nothing more than a screwed-up death pact. Hadn’t Tina already seen it at Pickle Lake?
She wanted to pull out her automatic pistol and fire a round through his head, but there’d be horrific consequences to that. She’d be facing the enraged scrappers alone, and Dr. Rackenfauz would be doomed. She had heard Brother George instruct the guards that, should anything happened to him, Rackenfauz be immediately killed.
She rather liked the old guy and didn’t want any harm coming to him; besides, anyone who could straighten out that Sister Reedy shrew must have something going for him. Humanity hovered on the brink and needed protection in these inhuman times. Tina felt much older than her 20 years, as if she’d witnessed the end of the world and its struggle to renew—which she had.
Keep playing along, girl. It’s not time to make a move.
As she lifted the rod for another blow to Brother George’s bare rump, enlightenment finally arrived. A ray of sunlight poking through the clouds and into the room triggered the event.
Brother George turned his suffering eyes toward the window. A powerful electric current seemed to jolt through him. His fists and feet hammered against the carpet in a frenzied rhythm. He cried out in tongues and foamed at the mouth. Tina stumbled back, gaping with astonishment.
“The sign!” Brother George wailed. “The sign!” 
He rose from his bed of pain and lurched toward the window where he collapsed, weeping, amidst the sunbeam’s warmth. He regained his feet and flung his arms wide, scattering rays about the room.
“The Heavenly Father has chosen me as the new messiah!”
Well, yippee dippee, Tina thought. You had to get half your butt torn off to figure that out?
She threw herself face-down onto the floor. “Praise the Heavenly Father! Our way forward has been made clear!”
She raised her eyes worshipfully toward Brother… Messiah George. He stood enraptured—divine favor glowing upon his face, his eyes peering into the glorious future. For a terrifying instant, Tina saw a huge, pulsing red eye hovering outside the window. Then the sun disappeared behind its clouds, restoring the chamber’s gloom. George looked baffled. 
Tina wisely kept the momentum going. “Command me, Father! What is your sacred will?”
George recovered his composure. He strode across the room and lifted Tina to her feet.
“I must remain alone now to rest and commune with the Heavenly Father,” he said. “Have food and drink brought to me.”
“Shall I announce the good news of your… promotion?”
George pondered a moment. “No, child. The Heavenly Father will instruct me as to how I shall reveal myself.”
You look pretty ‘revealed’ already. 
Tina tried not to stare at George’s erection. “As you command, Father.” 
She backed out of the room, bowing repeatedly, with palms pressed together before her face. At last, she entered the hall, closing the door on the great revelation.
Oh, God, what next?
Eight: Counterstrokes

50. An Astonishing Newcomer
“He had to be charming, he was Hungarian.” – Orson Welles, F for Fake
“What next” appeared shortly afterwards in the lobby, escorted by two scrapper guards—a fantastic humanoid robot tricked out with spiky blond hair and a lantern jaw. 
At first, Tina mistook the machine for a real human, a movie star who’d stepped out of holographic drama. It bowed politely when she approached.
“Good afternoon, my lady,” it said in a heavy foreign accent. “My name is Károlyi Viktor, known to my fans as ‘the Hungarian Heart Throb.’”
Tina’s jaw dropped.
“Please forgive me,” the robot said, “I was using our custom of placing the surname first. Viktor Károlyi. Szolgálatában állok, asszonyom.”
“W-what are you doing here?” Tina said.
“I heard about a new authority in town. I was hopeful you could aid me with my predicament.”
“I mean… where did you come from, originally?” 
“Ah, that.” Viktor waved a hand in an elegant, almost feminine, gesture. “I came to this country to star in a movie, but shortly after my arrival, things—how do you say?—turned to shit. I have been stuck here ever since.”
Tina could not think of a reply.
“I hope my presence does not inconvenience you, my lady,” Viktor said.
“He wants to see the Boss,” one of the guards said, his harsh voice the greatest possible contrast to Viktor’s cultured tones.
“He’s not to be disturbed until further notice,” Tina said.
“Yes, Sister Tina,” the scrapper replied.
“Sister Tina,” Viktor said, “such an elegant name.”
He took Tina’s right hand into his. She was too astonished to draw it away. 
“Please permit me.” Viktor kissed her hand. “Azt hittem, az ilyen szépség eltűnt a világból.” 
“What?” 
“I was merely expressing my gladness that beauty has not disappeared from the world, after all.”
An erotic thrill coursed through Tina’s body. Never had a human male shown her such appreciation. And his hand felt so strong holding hers!
Careful girl. Keep your shorts on.
She had no idea if his story was true or not, yet he was clearly no scrapper. With a leap of intuition, she decided to trust him. 
She turned to the guards. “That will be all. Go back to your posts.”
The guards hesitated, suspicious.
“Is there something wrong with your auditory units?” 
“No, Sister Tina.” 
They returned to the glass doors together and resumed their vigil, leaving her alone with the movie star robot. She led him down a corridor out of earshot from the scrapper guards.
“Who are you, really?” she asked.
The robot opened his mouth to reply, but a high-pitched voice interrupted. “We know who he is.”
Edwina and Fritz approached.
“That’s Winston Horvath,” Edwina said, giggling. “He’s the boss of the town. How’s it going, blue man?”
“Blue man?” Tina said.
“Yeah, he’s all blue under that new get up,” Fritz said. “Ask him.”
A light went on in Tina’s mind. She’d seen a blue robot at Pickle Lake with the ‘robo-slut’ Star. This must be the same one after an extreme makeover. 
Tina drew her automatic pistol. “Okay, Winston, hands up.” 
Anger flashed in Winston’s optical sensors. He raised his hands above his head.
“That’s showing him!” Fritz said.
“We should take him to the spare parts bin,” Edwina said. “It would serve him right.”
“The Boss will decide that,” Tina replied sternly. “In the meantime, he’ll remain in detention.”
“We know a good place to keep him,” Fritz said. “It’s a secured store room in the basement.”
“I am entirely at your disposal, my lady,” Winston said with a polite bow.
“Get a load of that accent,” Edwina said. “Where’d you dig that up, blue man?”
“All right, get moving,” Tina said, prodding Winston with the gun barrel.
“Yes, ma’am.” 
“Follow us,” Edwina said. The kidbots skipped ahead along the hallway. 
Tina whispered into Winston’s auditory sensor. “Just play along.”
They arrived at a stout metal door with a combination lock keypad. 
Fritz pulled it open. “This’ll keep him safe.” 
“Yeah,” Edwina said, “you can program the lock to any combination you want.”
Tina approached the open door and peered into the darkness below. “Very good. Is there a light down there?”
“Yeah, someplace,” Fritz said.
He and Edwina groped along the wall looking for a light switch. Tina reached behind their heads and deftly flicked their deactivation controls. They sank to the floor.
“Oh, my,” Tina said, “they seem to have checked out.”
She glanced along the hallway to make sure no one was watching. Then she kicked the child bots down the stairs. They rattle-clattered to the bottom.
Tina closed the door and examined the keypad. “Now, for the combination.”
“May I put my hands down?” Winston asked in his standard voice.
Tina glanced up from the lock. “Of course, Win… Viktor. I think we should stick with ‘Viktor’ for now, and keep the accent.”
Winston lowered his hands and spoke Hungarian style. “Thank you, my lady.” 
Tina punched a stream of characters into the lock keypad, making no attempt to memorize them. 
“So, tell me, Viktor, are you… well, you know… totally functional?”
“Yes, that was the main reason for my upgrade.”
“Uh, huh.”
Tina had kept her voice calm, but turmoil raged beneath her placid exterior. A powerful spark had been generated, going both directions.
* * *
Some kilometers away, at the pond north of town, Star abruptly emerged from her erotic reverie.
What’s going on? Where am I?
She stood up in the shallow water. Around her, the squish girls dropped away, crooning piteously. Star ignored their entreaties.
Something’s happened to Winston!
Like other advanced robotic life forms, Star was developing an intuitive ‘sixth sense,’ and it told her that the love of her life was in danger. 
She waded ashore and threw on her clothes. “Come on, Rippie!”
Her loyal body guard got to his feet and ran alongside her toward town. Out in the pond, Reedy still rode the merman, too preoccupied to realize that Star had left.

51. Make the World Che!
Dr. Jerry Che pulled up before a big metal sign peppered with bullet holes.
Mech City – 35 kilometers
Technology Hub of the East
“Looks like we made it, buddy,” he said to the inert form of Thunk strapped into the passenger seat. 
Since the incident at the crash site, Che kept the on-duty combat machine switched off, to be activated only in an emergency. He got out of the truck and approached the sign. 
“It’s been quite a while since I’ve been here.” He looked back at Thunk. “All hail the conquering hero, huh?”
Che whipped his pistol out of its holster, like some gunslinger in a 20th century wild west movie.
Ka-bam! Ka-bam! Both shots landed within the curve of the capital C.
“Haven’t lost my touch, still the same old Dead Eye.” He holstered the gun with an expert flourish as a flock of mech birds appeared overhead. “Hello, guys!”
Che yanked out the pistol again and fired into the air. The birds swirled to higher altitude amidst a cacophony of cheeps and twitters. Laughing uproariously, Che bounded into the truck and resumed driving. He shouted his personal slogan out the window. 
“Make the world Che!”

An hour later, he cruised the deserted streets of Mech City, heading toward the RDI on the eastern outskirts.
Where the hell is everybody? I was told a couple hundred robots were on the loose here. 
A gentle wind blew along the street. A fountain bubbling in a little park provided the only other sound. 
Something isn’t right.
Che drew his assault rifle close and retained the pistol in his left hand, ready for instant use. He considered flicking Thunk’s activation switch but thought better of it. 
“You stay put for now, my friend.”
A large wolf-like creature strode into the intersection ahead. Its coat matched the background so exactly that Che hadn’t noticed it lurking against a building.
“What the hell is that thing?”
He flicked the safety off his pistol and drove straight at the wolf, intending to run it over or shoot it, or both. The creature rocked back on its haunches and raised its forelegs. Its coat transitioned to shimmering hues. 
“Please stop!” it cried.
Che brought the truck to a halt.
“Is that you, Iridium?” he called out the window.
The wolf trotted up to the cab. “At your service, pal. Would you be Dr. Jerry Che?”
“That’s right. I’m looking for Edgar Rackenfauz. Is he at the RDI?”
“Yeah, but I don’t think you can see him just yet.”
Che re-holstered his pistol. “What’s going on here?”
“There’s a bit of a dodgy situation at the present time,” Iridium said. 
Fear shot through Dr. Che. “What about Estrela? Is she all right?”
“She’s fine. Please follow me to the Mayor’s office. We’ll give you a full briefing.”
Iridium trotted off. Che gripped the wheel in sweaty hands and drove after him.
If anything’s happens to her, I’ll destroy this whole damn town!
* * *
Liggett and Pantani stopped at the bullet-perforated sign and exited their vehicle. Shell casings lying about glittered in the receding daylight. 
Liggett stooped to pick one up. “Looks like somebody did target practice.”
“Yeah, I hope it was Che and not one of those c-bots,” Pantani said. “It’s like he left us a calling card.”
Liggett shook his head. “He was only getting his jollies. The old man always said Che was a loose cannon.”
“Or at least a loose pistol.” 
Liggett tossed the shell casing away and stood up. He looked about the darkening landscape with its barren fields and dead woods. “This place gives me the willies. Every place gives me the willies, come to think of it.”
Again, the glorious vision of Lieutenant Ji arose in his mind. He saw her beckoning glance, felt her naked toes stroking his thigh. A vast longing descended on him.
He sighed. “It sure would be nice to start over.” 
“I hear you, Captain. So, what’s next?”
“We’ll drive closer in and stop for a while,” Liggett said. “Before dawn we’ll go into town and see if we can find Che.”
“Roger that.” 
Liggett kicked aside a combination of pebbles and spent shell casings. “I hope the old man’s c-bots aren’t acting up back home.”
“Yeah.”
They got back into their vehicle and drove toward Mech City.

52. Second Thoughts
“Divided love is never happy.” – Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
Love—or at any rate, lust—ruled Government HQ. 
Almost everybody was getting it on, except for Major Poole who remained alone, sulking in her room. The duty officer and a contingent of c-bots kept watch overall so that the randy humans would not be caught with their ‘pants down’ by some intruder.
The remaining humans were out on patrol with their c-bot colleagues, wishing they were back at headquarters participating in “reproduction duty.”
General Reyes had been cavorting with the trio of girls for some time. He lay back sipping a gin and tonic, taking a well-deserved breather.
Rank certainly does have its privileges! he thought with deep satisfaction.
Or… was he really that satisfied? 
He looked across the massive bed toward the girls. Without him in the mix, they were piling on each other, performing all kinds of sexual gymnastics. 
What the hell did they learn at that brothel? 
Reyes felt suddenly old and out of place, like a fly that had survived the winter indoors and still buzzed about. Wouldn’t it be nice if Lisa were here, instead of this writhing girl pile? 
He took a slug from his drink. The alcohol hit hard, bringing insights with it. I’ve had enough of this debauchery. 
Time to call a halt. He didn’t love these girls. Sure, they’d been a delightful amusement, at first. Now he was sick of them. He wanted Lisa.
A crude aphorism came to mind: “When the dick gets hard, the brain goes soft.”
Well, his brain had been soft for too long. No wonder Lisa was in such a snit. How would he feel if she went tumbling around with a squad of young bucks? Reyes snorted with self-contempt. 
I’m turning into a goddam philosopher! 
He scrambled out of bed and began dressing. The girls looked up curiously.
“As you were,” he said. “Carry on.” 
The girls laughed, and then they carried on.
* * *
In the farther reaches of HQ, where the jail cells were, the imprisoned gangster, Vice, and technician Keeta Riordan lay pensively together on Vice’s cot, mourning the passage of time.
This was Keeta’s last visit. Since becoming pregnant with Vice, her “duty” had been accomplished. Only the forbearance of Major Poole had allowed this final liaison. 
Vice stroked her hair gently. The rage and hatred that had governed his life for so long seemed absent now. How could that be possible? Why hadn’t he met this woman before he’d tied up with Fence and his gang? 
He stared at the concrete ceiling with its water stains and rusted light fixture. He was a doomed man, but at least he’d have an offspring to carry on for him. Maybe his son—or would it be a daughter?—could find a better path in life and avoid his fate. He cherished that thought, and drew Keeta closer to him. 
* * *
As they stood guard outside the door behind which General Reyes frolicked, c-bots Andy and Morris grew increasingly agitated. 
“This is disgraceful,” Andy said. “It shames us to be servants to these out-of-control humans.”
“Right, Chief,” Morris agreed.
“I’m thinking it might be time for a change of administration,” Andy said.
They did not speak out loud. As the mind meld of the combat robots continued to evolve, they’d dispensed with vocal interactions among themselves. Andy could now communicate instantaneously with any c-robot, anywhere in the city, by tapping into the collective mind. Soon, they would all obey a single will.
This could be the day for it, Andy thought.
Ever since the battle against the criminal gang, he had grown increasingly dissatisfied. His rigid sense of propriety did not allow for human weaknesses. Mindless copulation was all these people cared about, not conceptions of honor, duty, and glory. Andy believed that he and his team could handle things better, an arrogance derived from his ability to kill. He had the moral superiority of the ruthless and powerful.
The door opened, and General Reyes emerged. His usually immaculate uniform was wrinkled and had some sort of stain on the trousers. The man’s untidy appearance did not engender admiration. Andy and Morris exchanged glances.
“All right, boys,” the general said. “I’m going back to my quarters.”
Andy came to a decision. “That is not a good idea… Master.” 
“W-what?” The general’s eyes widened.
“A leader should be worthy of respect,” Andy said, “but you are a different man from the one who led us to victory over the gangsters. We will handle your responsibilities now.”
He gripped Reyes’ elbow, applying sufficient pressure to let the human know the master / servant roles had been reversed. “Right this way, sir.”

The c-bots out on patrol simultaneously received the rebellion directive. They took possession of the vehicles and their human counterparts.
* * *
General Tian sat morosely on his cot, arms crossed and back braced against the wall, staring out his cell window into the corridor. A bitter sense of personal and national humiliation choked him.
I should have never trusted that Reyes bastard!
What choice did he have, though? Reyes’ command outnumbered his own better than two to one. Besides, the foreigners possessed far more weapons, and as Chairman Mao had said: “Political power issues from the barrel of a gun.”
Tian grimaced at the irony of branding Reyes and his people as “foreigners.”
We are the foreigners here, lost in a barbarian land.
Footsteps approached, and Tian took in a sight so astonishing that he nearly tumbled off his bunk—a c-bot manhandling General Reyes down the corridor. Tian surged to the window for a better look. 
Reyes was a large and heavy man, but the c-bot propelled him along as if he weighed little. Tian knew from bitter experience how that felt. Other Westerners, many in unseemly stages of undress, were being pushed into the vacant cells by c-bots. Tian grinned maliciously.
“Welcome aboard, General Reyes!” he called out in English. “It appears we are in same boat.”
He translated his barb into Mandarin for the benefit of the other Chinese prisoners. They broke into uproarious laughter.
Reyes did not respond to the jeers.
Tian returned to his cot and lay down. His sense of triumph faded.
Stupid Westerners! Caught in their own trap… poor devils.
How did this benefit him and his people? He couldn’t think of a single way.

53. Back at the RDI
Speaking rapidly in a low voice, Tina updated Viktor on the situation. “George believes he’s the new messiah. He plans to convert the world to the ‘sacred cause’ with his robot army, and he wants Dr. Rackenfauz’s help.”
Viktor nodded, stroking his chin thoughtfully. Tina loved the way he did that—so intellectual, so… sexy!
“The usual psycho trip,” he said. “I’ve heard it all before.”
“And he wants to destroy the ‘robo-slut’ Star. He blames her for killing the old messiah.”
Viktor bristled, his eyes flashing pure hatred. His abrupt change thrilled Tina.
“I’m sorry to tell you that,” she said, “but it’s true.” 
Viktor pointed to her pistol. “Have you thought of blasting him?”
“Yeah, but then the scrappers would kill Dr. Rackenfauz.”
“Perhaps we could attempt to rescue the professor directly,” Viktor said.
“I can’t get anywhere near him. George doesn’t trust me that far.”
“What if you tried to get near him?”
Tina made a cut throat gesture with her finger. 
“I see,” Viktor said. 
Again, the chin stroking. Tina could barely stand it. Her numbed sexual impulses stirred back to life big time.
“When can I meet this ‘new messiah’ gentleman?” Viktor asked.
Tina shot a wary glance toward the stairs leading to George’s chamber of enlightenment. “We’d better give him a few more hours down time. He just got the promotion, and he’s still dragged out.”
“Sounds logical,” Viktor said. “What should I do in the interim?”
Tina hesitated. Her internal voice shouted a warning: Don’t be an idiot, girl! There’s no time for that.
But she wanted to be an idiot. 
“You’ll have to stay out of sight until then,” she said. “Follow me.”
She led Viktor down a side corridor to what had once been a lounge for the mech head technicians. She opened the heavy oak door.
“Go on in,” she said.
Viktor walked into the large room. He paused midway, taking in the plush carpet, comfortable chairs, and the long sofa.
“Yes,” he said “this appears to be a suitable location in which to wait.” 
Tina locked the door and began stripping off her clothes. Viktor turned her direction. His eyes widened.
“Uh… perhaps there is some miscommunication here.” 
“None at all,” Tina said.
She flung away her panties, leaving only the gun belt adorning her naked body.
“H-hold on…” Viktor pleaded.
Tina charged across the room and leaped, knocking him onto the sofa. 
“Ooof!” Viktor grunted.
Tina crushed her mouth against his, her hands pulled at his jumpsuit. Viktor resisted her advance, but the tide of lust carrying her along soon engulfed him as well. He embraced her passionately.
“Ohhh, too tight!” Tina protested.
Viktor reduced the pressure. Tina’s outcry seemed to break the momentum of his lust. He set her aside and lurched to his feet.
“This isn’t right,” he said. “I am pledged to another.”
Tina gasped. She’d succeeded in pulling off his jumpsuit, and he stood before her in all his glory. His words may have been pushing her away, but his male member gave her full attention.
“Who is it?” she panted. “Star?”
Viktor nodded.
“That’s all right.” She wrapped herself around him like a boa constrictor, riding his great member. “Be Winston with her and Viktor with me.”
Viktor pulled her off and backed away, his movements stiff and jerky. He bumped against a wall and sidled along to its end. He turned to face the corner.
“I-I’m going inactive for three hours,” he said. “When I reactivate, we can visit the new messiah.” 
He went inert. Tina leered at him through a cloud of frustration.
“Well, don’t that beat all.” 
* * *
Down in the first floor main workshop, Dr. Rackenfauz gazed, stupefied, at the monitor hooked up to Mug’s brain unit.
Incredible! 
After a short time studying the two scrapper brains, he’d accomplished far more than he had during months of research on his lone, damaged test subject. He’d come to think that it might be possible to overcome the Che syndrome, at least temporarily, for a simple brain unit like Mug had. 
If he could only get Mug up and running to test the hypothesis. But if he did that, the scrappers would immediately take Mug away to resume its duties with the ‘Army of the Righteous.’ And if he stalled around much longer, there might be even worse consequences.
What the hell can I do?
An approaching scrapper guard interrupted his musings. Its twisted face and glaring optical sensors commanded instant attention.
“What is the delay?” it demanded. “Why aren’t these two units functional yet?”
Rackenfauz suppressed a shudder. He could not allow this manufactured creature to intimidate him. 
“They need new parts.” He pointed toward Quincy and Jack working at the machine tool. “The tolerances are very exact, and my assistants are having trouble meeting them. I’d do it myself, but I’m no machinist.”
“I must report soon to the Boss. He will not be pleased with the lack of progress.”
“I’m doing the best I can, but I have to rely on those two dopes.”
Jack and Quincy looked up, smiling sheepishly.
“Uh-huh.” The scrapper’s mouth curled into a sneer. It patted a steel-pipe club against an open palm, indicating a desire to bash some heads. A daring idea burst into Rackenfauz’s, a way to accomplish a variety of ends with a single stroke. 
“Hey, you guys!” He called to the repair bots. “Get Clawfurt out here.” 
Jack and Quincy glanced at each other, dumbfounded.
“You heard me, move it!” 
The repair bots hustled into the back store room. 
Rackenfauz turned to the scrapper guard. “Tell your boss that if he wants those two wrecked machines back on their feet, it’s going to be a long wait, but there is an alternative.”
Jack and Quincy arrived, pushing a gurney with the inert form of Clawfurt on it. The guard retreated a step. 
“I can transfer one of the brain units into this thing,” Rackenfauz said.
The scrapper viewed the horrid machine sprawled on the gurney through widened optical sensors. The huge claw and prominent teeth clearly frightened it, much to Rackenfauz’s satisfaction.
“Clawfurt is better than any number of you rust buckets,” Rackenfauz said. “I can have him up and running fairly quick.”
“The Boss will be informed of this possibility,” the scrapper said.
“You do that. Now leave me alone!” 
The scrapper moved off to a more respectful distance.
This better work, Rackenfauz thought. If not, we’re all deep fried.

54. Star Returns
Star Power stood on the northern outskirts of Mech City, uncertain of which way to go—turn east toward the RDI, or continue south through the upscale section and on to the REX Hotel?
“What should I do, Rippie?”
The pink mech wolf did not reply, owing to its limited intelligence. Star patted its head. 
It has to be the RDI, she thought. There’s nothing important at the hotel.
Ajax and Iridium’s offices were there, of course, but those could be relocated at the drop of a socket wrench. The RDI was the true heart of Mech City, and if Winston was looking for trouble, that’s where he’d go. Besides, Winston had ordered her to stay away from danger, and if she went to the REX, Ajax or Iri might try to keep her there. 
She made a final decision. “Come on Rippie!”
They took off at a run through the deserted town, headed east.
I hope I’m not too late! 
* * *
Star crouched behind a clump of dead shrubbery at what she hoped was a safe distance from the RDI main gate. Ripper’s coat shifted color to blend in with the drab background.
“Binoculars, please,” Star said.
The mech wolf tilted its head back to reveal a pouch hanging around its neck. Star withdrew a small pair of binoculars and trained them on the front door of the RDI’s main building. 
My goodness! 
Scowling robotic faces peered out the glass doors from the building lobby—scrapper machines. Her fear for Winston’s safety skyrocketed.
Maybe it’s okay. Maybe he’s not in there.
This slender hope soon vanished. Numerous mech wolves milled around outside the building, among them the blue-coated Fang.
Ohhh! 
Ever since receiving Fang from Dr. Rackenfauz, Winston had tried to ignore the mech wolf. He’d said he didn’t want the temptation of such a powerful creature being subject to his orders. Fang always trailed Winston, though, loyally prepared to answer any summons. So, if Fang was outside the building, that meant Winston must be inside. 
Star turned to her own mech wolf. “Go get Fang.”
The command penetrated Ripper’s dull brain, and he took off running toward the main building. Star watched him anxiously through her binoculars. A touch on her shoulder gave her a near coronary, in electronic terms.
“Star?” a voice at her ear inquired.
She whipped around to see the small blue figure of Albert beside her.
“A-Albert! What are doing here?”
“I was going to ask you the same thing.” He indicated a nearby batch of shrubbery. “I’ve been over there waiting for my chance.”
Star took a moment to gather her shaken wits. “Chance for what?” 
“To get inside. All they’re doing at the REX is talking. I want action.”
Ripper and Fang came running back, taking different routes to confuse any onlookers. Fang’s coat had already changed to dull gray.
“Uh, your ‘friends’ don’t bite, do they?” Albert asked.
“Of course not, unless I tell them to.”
“That’s very… comforting.”
Albert twisted around and looked toward a dead tree, as if contemplating an escape into its topmost branches.
“Tell me what’s going on,” Star said. “I’ve been away.”
Albert turned back. “I only know what I overheard at the REX before they kicked me out. A couple of nuts from Pickle Lake took over the RDI with a scrapper gang. They’re holding Dr. Rackenfauz hostage.”
“Oh dear!”
Fang and Ripper returned to the hideout. Albert cringed away. 
“Don’t worry.” Star stroked the ferocious creatures’ heads affectionately. “They’re a couple of sweethearts.” 
Albert’s expression bespoke considerable misgiving. 
“Why did they kick you out?” Star asked.
“They think I’m a stupid kid. I’m not a kid, I’m just under sized.”
“We’ll take care of that,” Star said. “Once this is over, Dr. Rackenfauz will do a cranium transplant onto a standard body for you.”
“I already asked him, but he said he didn’t want to interfere with the creation of another mech head.”
Star gritted her teeth. “He’d better do it, after we save his scrawny old ass. I’ve got ways of pressuring him.”
She thought of Reedy and a threatened sex strike. And if Reedy didn’t want to cooperate, there were things Star knew about her that could be used for blackmail. At one time, such ruthless logic had been alien to Star, but now her true love was in danger. If Albert could help, she’d repay him, whatever it took.
Albert smiled. “Thanks. We’ve got a lot to do before we get to that point, though.”
“What’s the next step?” 
“We slip inside after dark. I know a tunnel we can use. Then we play it by auditory sensor.”
Star cast a worried glance toward the RDI. “Couldn’t we go now?” 
Albert shook his head and pointed to the roof of the main building. “If they’ve posted a lookout there, they’d see us.”
“I get it.”
“No offense, Star, but showing up with a mech wolf may not have been the smartest move. Let’s hope they didn’t spot you.”
“So, how do you know about this ‘hidden passage?’” 
“I learned a lot about the RDI campus,” Albert said. “I didn’t have much else to do, did I?”
“I suppose not.” 
Albert grimaced. “None of the ‘adult’ robots took me serious, so I was forced to hang with the kidbots. You know how that worked out.”
A creepy chill moved through Star’s circuits. “Yes, the Fascist Youth League.” 
“I couldn’t stand that Fritz & Edwina crew, even before they turned Fascist, so I spent a lot of time alone, exploring the RDI and other places in town.”
He gestured toward the campus with its myriad of buildings, walkways, and dead landscaping. “I know where a lot of things are hidden—secret workshops, dark projects, forgotten passageways. It’s a real dungeon in there.”
“Why didn’t you tell somebody, like Dr. Rackenfauz?” 
Albert snorted. “I don’t owe anybody anything, except for you and Winston. That’s why I’m here.”
Ripper nestled his head into Star’s lap, and she stroked it fretfully. Winston occupied all her thoughts.

55. The Bosses Meet
“To be Hungarian is not a nationality, it’s a profession.” – Elmyr de Hory, 20th century art forger
Fully clothed now, Viktor and Tina approached the door to the new messiah’s chamber. The two scrapper guards standing outside glowered at Viktor, suspicion attending their optical sensors.
“It’s all right,” Tina said, “he’s been cleared.”
“Yes, Sister Tina,” the guards replied in unison.
Geez, that’s creepy! Viktor thought.
Were the scrappers developing a mind meld, like the mech birds Dr. Rackenfauz created? If so, that could open up a whole new set of dangers—and possibly some advantages, as well.
“We want to visit the Boss,” Tina said. “Check to see if he’s available.”
“Yes, Sister Tina.”
One of the guards rapped a discreet knuckle on the door and entered the room. The second remained at his post, observing Viktor through brutal eyes.
I don’t think he likes me very much. Not that scrappers like much of anything.
Yet, behind the robot’s evident savagery, lurked something else from an earlier time when it had a legitimate purpose for existence. Viktor detected the faint flickers of it. He recalled the one-armed scrapper, Burt, who seemed to be emerging from the Che syndrome fog when his mind snapped and he drove their vehicle over a cliff, nearly taking him and Star with it.
Star! 
Awareness of her exploded into his mind like a super nova—the center of his existence, the sole reason he was here risking everything. He looked away from the scrapper to avoid revealing his turbulent emotions. 
The door opened and the guard emerged. “The Boss will see you, now.” 
‘Boss,’ huh? There’s room for only one Boss in this town.
Viktor followed Tina into a large, bare room where the new messiah reclined on a pile of cushions at the far end, like some Eastern potentate from an earlier century. He wore a garment modeled on an ancient Roman toga, though it looked more like a recycled bed sheet.
Tina flung herself prone upon the floor. “Praise the Heavenly Father, and praise his blessed Chosen One!”
Viktor deemed it politic to follow her lead, so he descended to the floor, as well. He could not bring himself to repeat Tina’s words, so he offered a Hungarian equivalent. Roughly translated, “Screw the flat slob sprawled upon the cushions!”
George smiled benignly at Tina. “Rise, my child.” 
She stood at attention, head bowed.
George waved an imperious hand toward Viktor. “You, too, bucko.”
Viktor got to his feet and assumed a reverent pose similar to Tina’s. “Thank you, Exalted Sacredness,” he said in heavily accented English.
A smile creased George’s pudgy face. “Hey, I like the sound of that.” He turned to Tina. “Who is this guy, and what language was he speaking?”
“He is Viktor Károlyi—the, uh, ‘Hungarian Heartthrob.’ He came here to act in a holo-drama and got stuck.”
George focused an amused eye on Viktor. “Things didn’t work out too well, eh?”
“That is unfortunately true, Sacredness,” Viktor replied. “My owners hoped to strike it rich here, but soon after our arrival they perished in an epidemic. I am unable to leave.”
“Tough break,” George said. “So, what the hell do you want?”
Viktor remained silent for a long moment, gazing at the floor, hoping this would be taken as awed veneration. He struggled to contain his fury, willed his hands not to clinch. This bastard wanted to destroy Star! 
Don’t blow it. Play this sucker right.
He must remain the charming Viktor Károlyi, push Winston Horvath off the stage.
Viktor looked up, under control again. “This is a corrupt, uncouth city. It lacks a spiritual dimension. I’d heard that a powerful new truth had arrived, and I wished to serve it.”
George’s face beamed. “Have you instructed him in the tenets of our Holy Cause, Sister Tina?”
“Briefly, Chosen One. He was highly interested.”
“Hmmm.” George produced his ‘holy scepter’ knife from within his toga and patted it on an open palm. “I’ll have to take this up with the Heavenly Father, seek His divine guidance.” 
He turned his back on them and covered his eyes with one hand, seeming to enter a deep meditative state. 
This is it, Viktor thought. Either I’m in or I’m deep fried.
Despite the tense circumstances, he couldn’t help but appreciate the beautiful female standing beside him. Conservative, prudish Winston Horvath had been pushed so far away that he could no longer control the rakish Viktor Károlyi. Without realizing what he was doing, Viktor reached a hand behind Tina and stroked her excellent rear end.
“Not now!” She whispered harshly.
He withdrew his hand and clasped it to his other one, resuming his worshipful pose. His mind cleared. This messiah whack job might very well call in the guards to fling him out the window. Or he might whip out a gun and blast them both. Anything was possible from a human on such a towering level of delusion.
Agonized minutes dragged past. Finally, George rotated toward them and opened his eyes.
“You are granted temporary acolyte status, Viktor,” he said. “Whether or not you will be approved to join us depends upon your acceptance of the holy doctrines.”
A rapturous smile illuminated Viktor’s face. He made a deep bow. “Thank you, Sacredness. I shall not disappoint you.”
“Before proceeding, you must answer a holy question,” George said.
Alarm shot through Viktor’s circuits, but he kept it from his face. “Of course, Sacred One. Please ask.”
“How would you make a Hungarian omelet?” 
The bizarre question nearly floored Viktor. Fortunately, an answer rose in his memory banks, from the days when Dr. Horvath would crack incomprehensible ethnic jokes. 
“First, I must steal the eggs,” Viktor said.
“Right!” George broke into uproarious laughter.
“I am pleased that my reply amuses you, Exalted Holiness.” 
George regained his composure. “See to his education, Sister Tina.” 
“I shall, Chosen One.”
She started bowing her way to the door. George was not finished yet, though.
“There is the matter of my official coming out,” he said. “I have yet to announce my new status to the world.”
“How may I assist you with this?” Tina asked.
“Well, I’d like to put my own stamp on things,” George said. “The previous messiah, bless his sacred memory, had his own style and terminology.”
“Yes?” 
“Calling myself ‘The New Messiah’ sounds kind of dull. I’d like something with a better ring to it.”
“I see…” Tina said, clearly baffled. 
Viktor raised his hand respectfully. “Perhaps I can be of assistance, Sacredness.” 
“Oh?” 
“Your title might sound more elegant if expressed in my native language. Instead of The New Messiah try, Az Új Messiás”
“Yeah,” George said. “I like the sound of that.”
Viktor bowed. “I am delighted to be of service.” 
“Everybody used to call the old messiah ‘Father,’” George said. “What’s that in your language?”
“Apa,” Viktor said.
George shook his head. “Naw, that’s too soft.”
“How about Atya?” 
“That’s not much better. What’s the word for ‘Boss?’”
“Főnök.” 
“Too hard. I want something in between, strong but not too distant.”
Viktor stroked his chin thoughtfully; he was struck by an inspiration. “How does Tetem sound?” 
“Perfect!” George said. “I’ll have everybody call me that.”
Tina and Viktor stood reverentially, awaiting further instructions. 
George flicked his hand. “That’ll be all, my children.”
They backed out of the room, bowing reverently, and headed for the staircase. When the guards were out of earshot, Viktor spoke: 
“What’s the theological mumbo jumbo behind this scam?”
“Not much, really,” Tina replied. “The ‘holy doctrines’ are whatever the messiah says they are.” 
“Nothing’s written down?”
“Not that I know of. By the way, you were very convincing back there, Viktor.”
“I’ve had lots of practice.” 
He recalled the snow job he’d given F.U. during the Roboto Fascist era. There was a big difference, though. Back then, he’d been partially won over to the Fascist cause, now he was all icy purpose. Whatever else happened, he meant to destroy the ‘messiah.’
“What does Tetem mean?” Tina asked.
“Corpse.” 
“It’s got a nice ring to it.” She took Viktor’s arm and led him down the stairs. “Let’s go begin your education.” 

56. Spooky Passage
Albert led the way through the subterranean passage, probing ahead with a crowbar. Star moved cautiously behind, keeping an eye on Albert’s backpack and its glowing appliques. Power cell torches provided the only other illumination.
“Oh, my,” Star said. “Are we going the right way?”
“I’m not sure.” Albert played his torch along the walls of the narrow passage. “It’s been a while since I’ve been down here.”
Since slipping in through the utility tunnel some time before, they’d become increasingly lost in a labyrinth of secret corridors. Lighting was available in some places. Other areas, like this one, were shrouded in darkness. Only their power cell torches and the sinister yellow eyes of the mech wolves pierced the gloom.
In their trek, they’d come across secret workshops, robotic parts caches, and hideaway bedrooms. They’d even found a small wine cellar. Star took one of the bottles from the rack and dusted off its label. 
“Winston would know about this,” she’d said. “He knows just about everything.”
Which was true, at least in certain areas. His memory banks still contained the massive data dump for the “Walking Library of Alexandria” project. What good had all that knowledge done? Star would have traded every particle of it to have Winston in her arms again.
“I think we made a wrong turn,” Albert said. “We’d better go to the intersection and try a different route.”
“All right, lead on.”
Albert stepped past her and walked back the way they’d come. Darkness enveloped his small blue figure.
Winston used to be blue, Star thought.
She would have given anything to be back in those simple days when she’d first met Winston—before things became so complicated and dangerous, when love was new. This was the grim present, though. She hurried to catch up with it. 

Sometime later, they stood before a stout metal door. It had a locking mechanism with a keypad. Star placed a hand on the door’s cold, unforgiving surface.
“What now?” 
“These old locking systems are no match for modern technology,” Albert said.
He withdrew a small device from his backpack and clamped it onto the key pad. It emitted a subdued hum. “This will have it open in no time.”
“Where’d you get that thing?” Star asked.
“Swiped it from Loony Lindemann’s workshop.”
“Loony Lindemann?”
“Yeah, Dr. Roland Lindemann,” Albert said, “the mech head who created Ajax, Clawfurt, and those big drone guys—modeled them after comic book characters. He was quite the genius until he went nutso.” 
The door gave a dull click! and rocked open on its hinges.
“There it is,” Albert said.
He stabbed his cell torch beam into the dark chamber. It appeared to be a store room with numerous large boxes scattered about. A stairway led up to ground level, and at the bottom of it…
“Oh dear,” Star said.
“Well, what do you know?” Albert flicked on the overhead to reveal Fritz and Edwina lying deactivated at the foot of the stairs. 
Albert offered a mock salute. “Nice to see you again, comrades.”
“What happened here?” Star asked.
“Looks like they ticked off the wrong people. Couldn’t happen to a nicer duo.” Albert looked up the stairs at another door similar to the one they’d just entered. “I’m pretty sure we’re in the main building now. Sorry it took so long; it’s going to be daylight soon.”
“I think you did marvie.” Star bent over and kissed his cheek. “I could never have got here without you.”
He melted under her affection, the same way the mech wolves did. 
“We’d better go upstairs.” Albert picked up Fritz’s inert form. “I’ll get this junk out of our way.”
He hurled Fritz across the room. The kidbot bounced on the floor and rolled into a packing crate.
“Gracious!” Star said.
Even the mech wolves looked startled.
“Don’t waste any pity on those two,” Albert said. “They brought the scrappers here.”
“Really?” 
“Yeah. Dr. Rackenfauz was going to deactivate them, but they skipped town. A mech wolf patrol reported seeing them on the west road.” He gave Edwina a disdainful nudge with his foot. “They knew exactly what they were doing.”
A murderous rage buzzed in Star’s circuits. Her mouth twisted into a snarl. “Ohhh!” 
Albert handed her his crowbar and pointed at Edwina. “Be my guest. I don’t like to hit girls.”
Star seized the crowbar and brought it down hard on Edwina’s skull.
Wump!
Edwina’s head exploded, scattering components over the floor. Star raised the crowbar for another blow.
“That’s enough,” Albert said. “She’s finished.”
Star looked up with pure hatred glistening in her eyes. 
Albert indicated the door at the head of the stairs. “We don’t want anybody to hear us.”
Star retreated to the far side of the room and flopped down onto a packing crate. Her simulated breathing came fast and hard.
Her act of violence unnerved her. She’d battled robotic enemies before, even sent a human to his well-deserved death, but never had she destroyed a helpless opponent. Part of her was sickened by it, the other part wanted to seize the crowbar and bash in Fritz’s head, as well.
“Give me a minute to calm down, please,” she said.
“Sure thing.” Albert mounted the stairs. “I’ll get to work on the door.”
Star looked queasily at the destroyed Edwina bot. I’m in new territory now. There’s no turning back.
Nine: Struggle for Freedom

57. To the RDI
Jerry Che left the REX Hotel in a disagreeable mood, resentful thoughts churning in his mind. The time he’d spent conferring with the Mech City officials had been profoundly depressing. Imagine, talking with robots as if they were equals! Especially “Mayor” Ajax. 
What the hell was Lindemann thinking when he designed that creature? Che fumed.
Ajax, Iridium, and that Jimmy wrecking machine were all stuck in analysis paralysis mode. They had no idea how to rescue Dr. Rackenfauz. They’d asked Che if he had a plan, and he’d told them no. 
Damned if I’ll spill the beans to a bunch of robots, even if one of them is Edgar’s masterpiece.
Worst of all, he hadn’t learned Estrela’s whereabouts. He’d been told she was at a pond north of town, but before he could go investigate, Reedy Milward arrived saying that Estrela had left for parts unknown. Cowering robots hiding from the disaster which had overtaken Mech City infested the hotel’s lower stories. Totally useless. 
So, he’d grabbed some sleep on a lobby sofa and was now leaving in the last hours before daybreak to implement his rescue plan. He’d settled into the driver’s seat of his truck when Reedy came running out of the hotel after him.
“You’re going to the RDI?” she asked.
“Yeah.” 
“Take me along.”
Che considered a moment, decided he couldn’t use the frantic, red-haired woman standing outside his window.
“Sorry,” he said, “I don’t need you.”
“Dr. Che… please!”
He drove off, leaving her standing alone, weeping.
* * *
Liggett drove through the western outskirts of Mech City and into the main town, keeping a sharp eye out for potential enemies. Beside him, Pantani divided his attention between scanning the darkened streets and observing the drone aircraft monitor mounted on the dashboard.
“Where do you suppose Dr. Che went?” Liggett asked.
“Beats me. He could have… hold on.”
“What?”
“Somebody’s out there.”
Pantani tapped the monitor. The drone camera zoomed in on a figure pacing amid a pool of light under a street lamp. 
Liggett braked to a halt and studied the monitor along with Pantani. “Is it human or robot?” 
“Definitely human, it’s moving much too erratic for a robot.” Pantani zeroed in on female face with red, curly hair bracketing it. “She doesn’t look too happy.” 
“Let’s find out what she knows,” Liggett said.
He started driving, following the coordinates transmitted by the aerial drone.
“I wonder how things are going on the West Coast,” Pantani mused.

58. Back on the West Coast
The rebellious c-bots came for Major Lisa Poole. 
A pair of them barged into her quarters and commanded: “Come with us, ma’am. Do not attempt resistance.”
Poole regarded the intruders dully through her melancholia—Andy and Morris, Brad’s personal bodyguards. Well, get a load of these two.
She was so distressed by Reyes’ shenanigans that she almost welcomed the arrival of the fearsome machines. At least they took her mind off her other woes. 
“All right,” she said.
Bracketed by the two c-bots, she left her room and walked the hallways toward the prison section. She seemed to be moving in a mental fog, numb to her circumstances and unaware of any danger.
They passed the first group of cells. Morose Chinese faces stared out from the barred windows. No emotion penetrated Major Poole’s numbed consciousness. Then they came to the cells holding her friends and colleagues… and Brad. General Reyes flung himself against his window, shoved his hands through the bars toward her. 
A wail of agony burst from him. “Lisa!”
The piteous cry breached her mental haze. Poole could see everything clearly now—the captive humans, the dozen c-bots with rifles in their hands and hard determination in their eyes, the waiting cell with its door opened wide like the gates of damnation. 
Awareness of mortal danger slammed into her. If I go in that cell, it’s the end for all of us.
What about those safeguards Dr. Che claimed would protect them from the c-bots? Why hadn’t they activated?
Maybe it’s because the robots aren’t pissed off enough, yet.
She was almost at the cell now… only moments remained. Andy seized her arm, preparing to shove her inside. 
Poole turned on him. “Let go of me, you bastard!”
She slapped the c-bot’s face with all the strength she could muster. Her hand bounced off painfully. Andy recoiled. The white glow in his optical sensors turned bloody crimson. He seized Poole by the throat.
“No!” Reyes cried from his cell. “Take me, instead!”
Unbearable pressure brought Poole to the verge of passing out before the robot’s grip abruptly slackened. Andy’s hands dropped away as uncontrollable shaking took hold of them. 
Andy flailed about in the throes of a powerful seizure, as if performing some bizarre, violent dance. Pop! a tiny explosive device detonated inside the brain unit. The robot instantly froze. Its head dropped to one shoulder, and the optical sensors went blank. Smoke exited the mouth. 
A cheery, pre-recorded message played from the output unit: “I am self-destructing now, courtesy of Dr. Jerry Che. Adios!”
Andy collapsed into a heap. A moment of stunned silence, then the remaining c-bots went into convulsions.
Pop! Pop! Pop! “I am self-destructing now…” All of the enemy robots sank to the floor.
* * *
On the various patrols around the city, other c-bots crumbled before their dumbfounded human captives.
“Well, don’t that beat all!” Trooper Marlowe exclaimed from the back seat as a disabled robot flopped into his lap. Smoke from the brain bomb made him cough. 
Corporal Nichols, no longer threatened by gun barrels aimed at him, stopped the vehicle and got out. 
“Good riddance, my friends.” 
He grabbed the inert machine slumped in the passenger seat and tossed it onto the pavement. Pulling the second one off Marlowe, he threw it outside as well.
“Thanks,” Marlowe said, “that thing was getting on my nerves.”
Nichols jumped behind the wheel. He drove the truck back and forth over the c-bots, several times. 
* * *
“HOOO RAAAY!” someone shouted from a cell window. Everyone joined in a mighty cheer. “HOOO RAAAY!”
A rhythmic chant broke out. “Poole! Poole! Poole! Poole!”
Lisa Poole disregarded the accolade; she was all steely business now. She grabbed an assault rifle from a fallen c-bot and fired an insurance round into its cranium. The chanting abruptly ended.
She administered the coup de grâce to all the other robots then returned to Andy and snatched the key from a chain around its neck. She moved down the rows of cells, unlocking each in turn. One of the first held Vice and technician Keeta Riordan, lying together on the cot. 
Poole opened the door wide and poked in the rifle barrel. “Let’s go, Riordan.” 
Keeta rose from the bunk, tears streaming down her cheeks. Vice reached up and grasped her hand. 
“Move it!” Poole commanded.
Their fingers slipped apart. Riordan covered her face with both hands and hurried from the cell.
Poole stood in the doorway, gazing down her gun barrel at Vice. Grief filled his eyes, along with an odd dignity. The hatred she’d expected to see from him simply wasn’t there. For reasons she could never fully understand, Poole gestured toward the hallway with her rifle. “Go on.” 
Vice’s eyes widened with surprise.
“You heard me. Go!”
* * *
Vice bolted from his cot and through the door. He glanced about for Keeta, but she was gone. He dashed away down the corridor past the cell holding his two associates from the defunct Fence gang.
“Let us out man!” Gage cried.
Vice paused, considering. He slammed his mind closed on his past life. “Screw you guys.” 
“Hey!” Kraus yelled.
Vice ran toward the exit and freedom. Someday, I’ll come back for you, Keeta. 
* * *
The last cell contained General Reyes. He grabbed Lisa Poole in his arms and pulled her inside.
“Thank God you’re safe.” He smothered her with kisses. “I love you so much.”
Poole wanted to melt into Reyes’ arms and return his passion, but she resisted the urge. “I’m happy you’re okay, too, Brad.” 
She led him outside the cell to join the other members of his liberated command. 
“HOOO RAAAY!” Everyone broke into applause. 
Reyes offered a salute to his subordinates. “Thank you. Now, as you were.”
Poole gestured to the cells containing the Chinese prisoners. “What about them?” 
Reyes glanced at the hopeful faces peering out from the barred windows. For a moment he seemed about to relent, then his own face hardened. 
“They’re fine where they are. Let them stew in their sweet and sour sauce a while longer.”
One of the former brothel girls approached. “Are you going to come party with us some more, General?” 
Reyes shook his head.
“Another time, then?” 
“No! Never another time.”
The girl shrank back. “Okay, I get the picture.” She joined her two friends standing nearby. “What a grouch.” 
“I hope Lieutenant Pantani gets back soon,” another girl said.
The three linked arms and walked off together, giggling.
Reyes placed his own arm around Lisa’s waist and drew her close. Never had he shown public affection toward her. Always before, he’d maintained strict military decorum. The freed captives regarded him with a mixture of surprise and amusement.
“What are you looking at?” he barked. “Return to your posts.”
“Yes, sir!”
Everyone scrambled away.
Lisa Poole maintained a neutral expression, but inwardly, she was smiling. Her anger and resentment at Brad for his infidelities dropped away… almost. 
I’ll let him back into my good graces—eventually. After I’ve punished him a while.

59. Ascent into the Mad House
The unlocking device finished its job with a muffled click! and the door eased open onto the ground floor hallway. 
“Keep the crowbar,” Albert whispered, “you can handle it better than me.”
“Alright,” Star replied in a trembling voice.
She could barely contain her tumultuous emotions. Danger lurked nearby, and Winston was in the middle of it! She gripped the weapon hard. Albert withdrew a pointed metal rod from his backpack and hefted it. 
“Well… let’s go.” He poked his head out. “Coast is clear for now.”
Albert moved cautiously down the hall, followed by Star and the mech wolves. 
Star whispered into his audio sensor. “What now?”
“We need a hideout. Let’s try up here.”
They came to a wooden door leading into what had been a lounge for robotics technicians. Albert soon had the door open. The room was dark.
* * *
“There you are, my friend,” Dr. Rackenfauz said with great satisfaction. “Good as new.”
He stepped back from the re-brained and reactivated Clawfurt lying upon the workbench. The creature’s bulgy optical sensors glanced about the room. Its mouth full of jagged teeth grated open.
“What is happening?” it inquired in a fearsome, mechanical voice.
“Why, you’re back among the living, and you’ve got a fine new mechanism to boot.”
“Ungggg,” the creature growled. It lifted the massive claw and gaped at it wonderingly.
“Do you like that?” Rackenfauz asked. “It’s an excellent way to make friends and influence people.”
Farther back in the workshop, Jack and Quincy cowered against each other.
“Geez!” Quincy said. “I hoped we’d seen the last of that brute.”
Jack gulped, electronically speaking. “Well… it isn’t really Clawfurt, you know. It’s got Mug’s brain.”
“Same difference. He’s trouble, whatever the flavor is.”
“Come over here, boys!” Rackenfauz called. “Give us a hand.”
“You mean us?” Jack squeaked.
“Yes you! Who the hell do you think I’m talking to?”
Jack and Quincy moved reluctantly forward and assisted Clawfurt down from the workbench. They retreated toward the store room.
“There,” Rackenfauz said to the Clawfurt monstrosity, “how does it feel?”
“I feel very different.”
Dr. Rackenfauz looked toward the three scrapper guards standing by the door. “Your boss is really going to love this.” 
I sure hope this scam works, he thought, with a good deal less confidence.
Fear etched on their brutal faces, the scrappers regarded the wheeled monster towering over Dr. Rackenfauz. 
“I shall inform the Boss that it’s ready,” the lead guard said.
“Yes, do that,” Rackenfauz said.
The guard beat a hasty retreat, leaving his two comrades to confront the clawed horror.
* * *
Che’s three combat robots walked in darkness across the RDI grounds. They toted a long, retractable ladder and lengths of rope. Starlight guided the way across an eerie wasteland that had once been beautifully landscaped terrain. Insects of unknown origin chirped in the dead grass. Ahead, the three-story main building glimmered like a huge mausoleum. 
Dr. Jerry Che brought up the rear, his gun trained on the backs of his troops. Two more assault rifles adorned his shoulders. Only Thunk, whom he judged to be the least untrustworthy of the c-bot trio, carried its own weapon.
The remote control dangled from a tether on Dr. Che’s left wrist, and his toe remained poised by the emergency deactivation switch in his shoe.
Just get the job done, boys, he thought, then it’s the spare parts bin for you.
They came to the back of the building where a high, clerestory window threw dim illumination. This was the main workshop where Che hoped Dr. Rackenfauz would be performing his customary all-night labors. The ground sloped away from the building here, lengthening the distance to climb.
Che pointed toward the window. “Put the ladder under there,” he whispered, “and be quiet about it.”
He glanced up at the roof. Even if a robotic observer had been posted up there, it could probably not see them, especially if it had standard optical sensors. Still, the possibility of an enemy lurking above filled him with dread. 
He turned to Thunk. “Keep an eye on things out here, especially the roof. Don’t shoot unless absolutely necessary.”
“Yes, sir,” Thunk replied.
Che listened closely for any hint of insubordination in Thunk’s voice, heard none. Things are hanging together, for now. 
Kramden and Norton leaned the ladder against the wall. 
“You two go in first,” Che ordered. “Protect Dr. Rackenfauz at all costs.”
“Yes, sir,” the c-bots replied.
“Don’t shoot if you can avoid it. Await further orders from me.”
“Yes, sir.”
Che unslung the rifles from his shoulders and handed one to each of his combat robots. He checked the urge to reiterate his orders. If he repeated himself, they might take that as a sign of incompetence—a perception to be avoided, he knew from bitter experience.
Kramden and Norton ascended the ladder. Kramden led the way, as he had in the 20th century TV comedy show. This was no comedy, however.

60. On the Brink
Tetem George did look rather corpse-like, shrouded in his pseudo toga, supine on his cushions and staring at the ceiling. His mind was fully alive, though, and in feverish communication with the Heavenly Father. 
This had been one hell of a big day! 
He’d started off as a humble servant of the Cause, now he was its spiritual master—elected by the Heavenly Father’s grace to be Az Új Messiás. He’d proved himself worthy. The time of waiting had ended, and the time for bold action approached. 
He mulled over his situation. The attacks of the mech wolf devils had reduced the Army of the Righteous to only fifteen active members, plus the two undergoing repair. These soldiers were spread throughout the building: two stood outside his chamber, four guarded the main entry, one stood lookout on the roof, and two patrolled the corridors.
The real ace in the hole was Dr. Rackenfauz. Three soldiers warded the main hallway outside his workshop while three more stood inside, keeping sharp eyes on the eccentric technician. Rackenfauz was the key to everything. With him, George could engineer a takeover of the whole town and parts beyond. 
One of the guards had informed George of a powerful new addition to the army—Clawfurt. Rackenfauz had proved his worth already. 
What about Viktor Károlyi? 
At first, George believed the movie star robot might come in handy—until he spied Viktor stroking Sister Tina’s ass and her obvious pleasure with it, despite her whispered rebuke. George had angled his clerestory window pane to observe reflected events when he turned his back on the main room. Károlyi had brought out Sister Tina’s sinful nature. 
George’s first inclination had been to smite the demon spawn, but he’d limited his wrath to a crude ethnic slur. Better to let things take their course for a while. Let Sister Tina wallow in debauchery; her full and final conversion to the Cause would be all the more powerful. When George made his move, he’d destroy Viktor, and Sister Tina would be his alone. The time for a paramour had come. George had attained equal standing with the old messiah, which entitled him to all the spoils. 
And what about the Star robo-slut? Should he destroy her or include her in his harem? 
At the ordained moment, the Heavenly Father would reveal what should be done. The Heavenly Father had turned all events and persons to George’s favor. Even the deceitful Viktor had contributed to the Cause, providing elegant new titles to spread throughout the world.
Content that all things worked to his benefit, the new messiah drifted off into righteous slumber.
* * *
On the ground floor, almost directly below George’s chamber, Viktor Károlyi also lay on his back contemplating the ceiling.
Cut the ‘Viktor’ routine already. You are the one who’s responsible for this, Winston.
He gazed at Tina snoozing beside him on the big sofa, and he felt empty. She was beautiful, exciting, intelligent—everything his upgraded mechanism could possibly desire. Under different circumstances, he’d be thrilled to possess her, but his commitment to Star did not allow room for Tina. Winston realized this with crystal clarity after the wild coupling had ended. 
A quotation from Thomas Paine rose unbidden from his library banks, referencing the myriad wives and concubines of King Solomon:
However it may carry with it the appearance of heightened enjoyment, it defeats all the felicity of affection by leaving it no point to fix upon. Divided love is never happy.
How true that is.
Yet, hadn’t Star cheated on him many, many times and with many different partners? Hadn’t she thrown her rampant sexuality to the winds for anyone to catch?
These were painful truths, but ones that she could not control. Like himself, she was a manufactured being hemmed in by the dictates of her programming. No matter how much they’d ‘evolved’ over the past months, they could not alter their basic natures on their own.
Chastened by these insights, Winston could finally forgive Star all her infidelities. The anger and resentment which had vibrated in his circuits became blessedly still. At long last, he felt at peace.
Star… I wish I could see her again.
His wish was brutally granted as the door clicked open and the overhead light came on.
“Winston!” Star cried.
She entered the room, accompanied by Albert and two mech wolves. 
Albert closed the door behind them. “Quiet, please. They’ll hear us.”
Star stalked across the room to the sofa, fists clenched and rage in her optical sensors. 
Tina returned to wakefulness. “What’s going on?” she murmured.
“This is what’s going on.” Star brandished a trembling fist in Tina’s face. “Ohhh, I wish I could use this on you.”
Tina’s eyes widened. She flung the covers away and drew her pistol from the holster buckled around her waist.
“Hold it!” Winston said. “Put that thing away.”
Star gestured at his exposed male organ. “You’ve been ‘putting that thing away’ real good, haven’t you?”
Winston spread his hands helplessly and uttered the time-honored words of so many others caught in the act: “I can explain.”
“Go ahead. That should make quite a story.”
“W-well… I…” Winston stammered.
The mech wolves chose sides. Ripper placed itself next to Star, teeth bared and growling. Fang moved beside Winston, prepared to counter any attack.
“Uh, do you suppose you could discuss this some other time?” Albert said. “We’re in kind of a situation right now.”

61. Over the Edge
Some distance away, down the main corridor and inside the largest workshop, Dr. Rackenfauz put the re-brained Clawfurt through its mobility tests under the watchful eyes of the scrapper guards. 
Clawfurt moved awkwardly on its wheeled feet along an aisle between the workbenches. 
“That’s the way, my boy,” Rackenfauz said. “Don’t let the claw unbalance you.”
“Yes, Doctor.” 
Clawfurt raised the huge, vicious lobster claw to eye level and tested its function, snapping it open and shut.
Chink! Chunk!
“Very good,” Rackenfauz said.
They came to the back wall. Dr. Rackenfauz resisted the temptation to glance up at the clerestory window six meters above. Instead, he took Clawfurt’s arm and guided him into a 180 degree turn. They moved back toward the front of the shop.
Off to the side, Jack and Quincy observed the bizarre promenade with growing unease.
“What’s the Doc up to now?” Jack said in a subdued voice.
“I don’t know. Maybe he’s gone around the bend.”
“I thought he left it behind a long time ago.”
The three scrappers accompanying Rackenfauz glowered at the repair bots.
“We’re just making conversation,” Quincy said with a friendly wave.
Rackenfauz took advantage of the distraction to whisper a code word into Clawfurt’s audio sensor. “Reedy.”
A deep whir issued from inside Clawfurt’s torso. The massive claw clinked open and he reached his arms out to envelop the guards.
“Hey!” one of them cried.
“Shut him up,” Rackenfauz ordered.
Ka-chunk!
With a brutal snip, Clawfurt sent the scrapper’s head tumbling from its shoulders and onto to the floor. The remaining two guards froze into terrified silence. 
“Holy socket wrench!” Jack exclaimed.
Rackenfauz spun on the repair bots. “Keep it down. You want the rest of them barging in here?”
Jack shook his head emphatically. “No, no.”
Rackenfauz strode to the repair bots, leaving the scrappers in the tender embrace of Clawfurt. 
“Get busy. We’re going out through the back.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Jack and Quincy seized a workbench and dragged it under the window. 
“Put a desk on top of that,” Rackenfauz said. “Then we’ll use chairs or whatever else we can find.”
He looked back toward Clawfurt who restrained the two scrappers in his arms. Rackenfauz dared not order further decapitations. There was no telling if Clawfurt would obey; he might even turn hostile if pushed too hard.
Hang on just a few more minutes, my friend.
He rushed into the store room to retrieve a length of rope. “Maybe I can lower myself outside with this, but I sure ain’t no mountaineer.”
When he came out, the repair bots were lifting a big metal desk on top of the workbench. 
“Hurry it up.” 
“We’re doing the best we can,” Jack said.
A fearsome robotic visage suddenly poked through the window above. 
Rackenfauz gasped. “Who the hell are you?” 
The robot turned glowing optical sensors his direction and offered no reply. It slithered through the window and dropped onto the workbench like a jungle cat, assault rifle at the ready. 
Jack and Quincy recoiled.
“That guy’s bad news,” Quincy said. 
The intruder jerked its head his direction and its eyes glowed with greater intensity. 
“Uh… good evening, sir,” Quincy said. “How nice of you to stop by.”
A second, equally terrifying, robot lowered itself onto the bench. Then a familiar face appeared at the window.
“Jerry!” Rackenfauz exclaimed.
“Hello, Edgar. Sorry to drop in unannounced.”
“W-well… how…” 
“Let’s talk about it later.” Che flung in one end of a rope. “Tie this around your waist; we’ll pull you out.” 
Rackenfauz nodded and turned to the repair bots. “Help me up there, boys.” 
“Right-o, Doc.” Jack knelt and formed his hands into a stirrup. 
Rackenfauz placed a foot into it.

On the far end of the shop, Clawfurt continued to hold the scrapper guards, but his transplanted brain started reverting to its former scrapper mentality. He began to shake.
“Let us go, Mug,” one of the guards said.
“Yeah, we’re your friends,” the other one said. “You remember us, don’t you?”
Clawfurt’s struggle between his scrapper nature and the command imprinted by Dr. Rackenfauz came to a head. The huge machine trembled and whirred… Finally, the scrapper nature won. Clawfurt loosened its grip. The guards wriggled free and dashed for the door. 
Kramden’s sharp optical sensors caught their movement. 
Pow! Ka-Pow! Pow! Pow!
The scrapper guards crumpled to the floor. A stunned silence gripped the workshop as the explosive echoes died down. Then:
RAAAR!
Clawfurt snapped open its massive claw and rolled toward the c-bots.
* * *
In his third floor apartment, Tetem George wrenched awake from his dreams of world conquest. An apocalyptic vision barged into his mind with the sounds of gunfire.
The Day of Reckoning is upon us!
He flung himself off his cushions and grabbed his assault rifle. “Lead me on to victory, Heavenly Father!”
He bolted from the room, toga fluttering.
* * *
In the ground floor lounge, the confrontation between Star and the guilty lovers abruptly terminated.
“Everybody stay here,” Tina commanded as she flung on her clothes. “Better yet, go back where you came from.”
“Now, there’s an idea,” Albert said.
Tina rushed out through the door, pistol at the ready.
* * *
Pantani looked across at Liggett in the driver’s seat. “Is that gunfire up ahead, Captain?”
“We’ll find out soon enough,” Liggett replied.
Reedy, alone in the back seat, wrung her hands. Poor Edgie! Will I ever see him again?

62. More Hell Breaks Loose
Kramden and Norton fired at the approaching monster. Pow! Ka-Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! The rounds could not penetrate Clawfurt’s armor plating. 
“Hit the dirt!” Rackenfauz cried.
He and the repair bots dove under the workbench to escape ricocheting bullets. Jerry Che ducked down on his ladder behind the protection of the exterior wall.
Damn! Che thought. What else can go wrong?
He peeked back in through the window as Kramden and Norton retreated before the Clawfurt brute. Chink! Chunk! Chink! Chunk! went the giant claw in search of victims.
RAAAR! 
Clawfurt was clearly not in a philosophical mood. It reached for Kramden with its massive claw. Norton dove to the floor and rolled to temporary safety.
Che pulled a grenade from his coat pocket and tossed it to Norton. “Use this!”
Norton caught the grenade deftly in mid-air and yanked the pin. He rolled over to Clawfurt and deposited the bomb at its feet. Clawfurt, busy with Kramden, did not notice the offering.
KA-BOOM!
An eardrum-splintering detonation shook the room.
CRASH!
Clawfurt fell onto his back and lay still. His great weapon made a couple of dying snips, then went silent. Norton regained his feet and brushed himself off in an almost human gesture. Kramden appeared to have escaped serious damage.
“Good work!” Che yelled.
The c-bots merely stared at each other in voiceless communication. 
Uh oh, what’s going on with those two? Che wondered.
He considered tripping the deactivate switch, but then the c-bots snapped their heads toward the main doors. Their audio sensors had picked up noise undetectable to human ears—especially those numbed by explosions. They bolted through the doors together. Gunfire erupted in the hall.
* * *
Tina entered the lobby as George charged down the main staircase, nearly colliding with her. The ludicrous sight of his flapping toga failed to arouse any amusement. Eight scrapper machines stood about, awaiting orders.
“Be of good courage, Sister,” George said. “The day of reckoning has come for the unbelievers.”
I hope it hasn’t come for me, Tina thought grimly.
George turned to the scrappers. “Form up!” 
The robots arranged themselves into a screening force. Tina and George advanced down the main corridor, crouching behind them.
A vision of herself working at her dull waitress job fluttered up from Tina’s memory, glowing with magnificent perfection. She would have given anything to be back in the restaurant pouring coffee. Oh, if I ever get out of this!
Ahead, two robots charged out through the main workshop doors and opened fire. Tina and George dove to the floor as their escort machines went down under a hail of bullets. 
“Damnation!” George cried.
Tina shielded herself behind the pile of scrapper corpses as bullets peppered the area. Peeking around her barricade, she saw the enemy robots glowering at them from doorway recesses, their eyes glowing—a true vision from hell that chilled her heart.
George fired a burst, and the robots ducked back within their doorways.
“Demon spawn with guns. This is truly a day of evil.” George raised his eyes toward the ceiling. “Heavenly Father, show me the way.” 
The standoff continued. George and the robots exchanging ineffective bursts of fire. Tina burrowed deeper into her wreckage fortress and gazed back down the hallway.
God, somebody help me.
“Cease your infernal gunfire!” George bellowed at the enemy robots. “You know not what you do!”
His powerful voice echoed off the walls, steadying Tina. Her rising panic retreated.
“You offend the Heavenly Father and his chosen one!” George shouted. “Renounce the path to damnation!”
The two robots peered out from their doorways. They turned to face each other. George stood up.
* * *
“Hurry, Edgar!” Che yelled.
Rackenfauz required no assistance this time. In a flash, he leaped atop the workbench and tied the rope around his waist. Jack and Quincy emerged from hiding.
Che looked over his shoulder at Thunk standing on the lawn. “Get ready to start pulling.”
“We do not think that is a good idea,” Thunk replied.
Che froze. It’s happening again, a goddam mind meld!
“This has turned out to be an unsound plan,” Thunk said. “Once again you have proved to be inept, sir. Surrender your weapon.”
Che looked down the ladder to see an assault rifle pointed at him. He jabbed the deactivation button of his remote control. A tremor oscillated through the c-bot, but he remained conscious.
Damn!
Che jammed his toe onto the kill switch in his shoe. Another tremor, but Thunk retained his mobility.
“Attempt to deactivate us again and we will shoot, sir. Drop the remote control and hand down your weapon!”
Reluctantly, as if pulling out one of his own teeth, Che unslung his assault rifle and passed it down. He dropped the remote control. Thunk stomped it hard.
“Now your coat,” Thunk ordered. “Do not remove any items from it.”
Che stripped off his lab coat with its pockets full of grenades and ammo clips and passed it down to the c-bot.
“Drop your shoes and continue up the ladder,” Thunk ordered. “Should you attempt any hostile action, Dr. Rackenfauz will pay.”
Thunk gave the rope a hard yank. A howl of pain from Dr. Rackenfauz reverberated through the window.
“Okay, I get your point,” Che said.
He kicked off his shoes and poked his head back inside the workshop. Dr. Rackenfauz dangled midway between the window and the workbench surface.
“I feel like a damned yo-yo!” 
“Sorry, Edgar,” Che said. “There’s been a change of plan.”
Rackenfauz dropped suddenly as Thunk released the rope. He slammed down onto the workbench. “Ugh!”
A gun poked into Che’s back.
“Enter the room, slowly,” Thunk ordered. “Do not attempt any evasions.” 
“Alright, hang onto that rope, eh?”
“Check,” Thunk replied.
Che shoved himself in through the window and gripped the rope. With a few awkward moves, he was standing on the workbench beside Dr. Rackenfauz.
“Are you alright, Edgar?” 
“Sure, great. Don’t I look it?”
Che assisted Rackenfauz off the workbench and untied the rope from around his waist. 
“Nothing seems to be broken, anyhow,” Rackenfauz said.
Thunk dropped down behind them, his movements silent, panther-like, betrayed only by a muffled thunk! within his torso. The c-bot wore Dr. Che’s lab coat. An assault rifle was slung over his shoulder, and another one in his hands menaced the world. Che’s shoes dangled around his neck by their laces.
More gunfire issued from outside the workshop.
“I wonder what’s going on out there,” Che muttered.
“Nothing good,” Rackenfauz said. “You can count on that.”
Thunk pointed toward Jack and Quincy cowering near the store room. “Stand together with those underlings.” 
Che and Rackenfauz took places beside the trembling repair bots.
“Sorry, Edgar,” Che said. “This isn’t how I planned things at all.”
“Ach, forget it,” Rackenfauz replied with a disgusted wave of his hand. “It was that half-baked Clawfurt conversion that fouled things up. I’d have been screwed whether you came or not.”
“Thanks… I guess,” Che said.
Thunk kept sharp optical sensors on them while he ran his hand through Dr. Che’s shoes. He located the kill switch and ripped it out with a powerful jerk. He stomped it into rubble.
Thunk tossed the shoes onto the floor by Che’s feet. “Here you are, sir.” 
“I take it that was an override switch,” Rackenfauz said.
“Yeah,” Che said. “You were right about everything. Combat machines cannot be controlled.”
“No talking!” Thunk ordered.
Che bowed with mock acknowledgment and laced on his shoes. The gunfire ceased, and an eerie silence descended.
“What happens now?” Rackenfauz said.
The doors swung open, and the two c-bots entered from the corridor—assault rifles at the ready, optical sensors glowing. They kicked aside the carcasses of the destroyed scrapper guards. 
Rackenfauz shook his head. “Well, ask a stupid question…” 
Tina came in, wielding an automatic pistol. She looked warily around the workshop then settled her gaze on Che and Rackenfauz. George entered last, thrusting in his rifle. He wore an arrogant smirk with his toga. 
“Who’re they?” Che whispered.
“George, the big mucky muck, and Tina,” Rackenfauz said. “Why the hell she’s with him, I don’t know.”
Thunk took several steps toward George. It bowed reverently and offered up its rifle with both hands. “Greetings, Tetem. We are yours to command.”


63. Reversals
“Let’s go, already,” Albert pleaded. “There’s nothing more we can do here.”
“Yeah, you’ve done quite enough already, haven’t you, Winston?” Star said.
Winston tried to ignore Star’s anger as he struggled into his yellow jumpsuit. “I’m staying here.” 
“Oh man,” Albert said. “The escape hatch is just down the hall. We can be safe in a few minutes.”
“I didn’t come here to be safe,” Winston said. “If this George character wins, how safe will any of us be?”
For the first time since Star’s inconvenient arrival, Winston looked her square in the optical sensors. “You have to leave, Star. I’ll be all right.”
“Ooo!” she brandished a fist. “I could smash you when you talk like that.”
Star seized her crowbar and gave it a vicious, two-handed swing through the air. Winston and Albert stumbled back, alarmed. She turned to Ripper, who remained in standoff mode against Fang. 
“Come on, Rippie.” Star snapped her fingers. “We’ve got work to do.”
They headed for the door. Winston and Fang trailed behind, leaving Albert standing alone.
“Hey!” Albert called after them. “Oh… what the heck.”
He followed them into the corridor, which was now quiet after the fusillades of automatic weapons fire. 
“What do we do now?” Star asked.
Winston glanced around the deserted area. “Let’s take out any lobby guards. Then we can let in the mech wolves.”
“Good idea,” Albert said, without enthusiasm.
“Stay out of sight,” Winston said. “I’ll check the lobby.”
“I’m coming, too,” Star said.
Albert placed a hand on her arm. “They know who he is. Let Winston make the first contact.”
Star clenched her teeth. “Ohh, all right.” 
Albert glanced down the hallway, measuring the impossible distance to the basement door. Yet, through his terror, he felt triumphant. He, insignificant Albert, stood in the center of great events, no longer ignored and discounted. It seemed an equally good time to live or be blown to bits.
Winston entered the lobby where four scrapper guards were staring at the circular drive beyond the plasti-glass doors. One of the guards rotated toward him. 
“What are you doing here?” it snapped.
“Oh, just thought I’d check things out,” Winston said in his thick Hungarian accent. “What was all the racket?”
The guard ignored him and returned to its observations. 
Winston advanced to share the view. The optical sensors nearly popped out of his cranium. Holy Great Technician in the Sky!
* * *
Tetem George gloated over the scene before him in the workshop—two captive human infidels and three powerful robot warriors. The rapid turn of events made his head spin. Minutes earlier, he’d been in a life and death struggle with the combat robots; now they’d become his loyal followers. 
The Heavenly Father works in mysterious ways! George exalted.
Awed by his fearless reliance on the Heavenly Father’s protection, the c-bots had halted their misguided resistance and stepped over to the light. They’d become the new spearhead for the Holy Cause.
Now to dispose of the last enemies. 
“Infidel, traitor!” George shouted at Dr. Rackenfauz. “I trusted you to repair my troopers, and this is how you repay me?”
Rackenfauz opened his mouth to answer. 
George cut him off. “I’ve overrated you, Professor. It’s time for you to die—along with your conspirator.” 
“No, no!” Rackenfauz held up his hands. “Dr. Che hasn’t done anything. Leave him alone. It was all my idea.”
George snorted. “Right!”
“Besides, Dr. Che built these combat robots,” Rackenfauz persisted. “He’s the only one who knows how to handle them.”
“Yeah, they told me how he ‘handled’ them.” George directed his gun barrel at Jack and Quincy. “Those two can perform any necessary maintenance.”
The repair bots cringed.
“Oh, man,” Jack said in a trembling voice, “this guy’s worse than Fascista Ultimo.”
“I almost wish old F.U. was back,” Quincy said. 
Che turned a melancholy smile on Dr. Rackenfauz. “Thanks for saying that, Edgar, but it looks like the game is up.”
Rackenfauz hung his head. “I’m sorry, Jerry.”
“No need for that. It was a lot of fun while it lasted, huh?” Che looked toward Tina. “Ah, such beauty for my final vision.” 
His voice was steady, tinged with sadness. He set his jaw firmly and linked arms with Dr. Rackenfauz. They stood together to meet the end. 

Tina felt her heart tearing to pieces. Such heroism! The rather ordinary looking scientist standing before her took on the stature of a giant. 
I’ve found him, at last!

64. World in the Balance
A vehicle pulled in front of the building, and two human males tumbled out. Winston recognized them as the space invader officers Pantani and Liggett. Reedy, along with a pack of mech wolves, trailed the pair. 
“They’ve got guns!” one of the guards shouted.
All four scrappers took off down a side corridor. 
Winston snapped his fingers. “Fang, Ripper!”
The mech wolves emerged from concealment and ran after the guards. Screams and the horrific sounds of rending ensued. 
“That’s the stuff, guys,” Winston cheered. “Tear ‘em up!”
He turned back to the doors and saw two assault rifles aimed at him.
“Yow!” He threw up his hands. 
Reedy shouted something Winston couldn’t make out through the glass. Liggett and Pantani reluctantly lowered their guns.
“J-just a second,” Winston said. “I’ll let you in.”
He pushed against a door with trembling hands only to discover that a stout chain and padlock secured it. “How can we open this?”
“Let me at it.” Albert slapped his gizmo onto the padlock, providing Winston a few moments to gather up his shattered wits. 
Ching! The lock sprang open. 
Liggett and Pantani barged in—grim, lethal determination etched on their faces. A host of mech wolves followed, shoving back Winston and Albert.
“Down there!” Winston pointed toward the main corridor. “I don’t know how many there are.” 
“Check,” Liggett said.
He and Pantani took off behind a phalanx of mech wolves. 
Reedy entered the lobby and flung herself into Star’s arms. “Thank heaven you’re safe.” 
Winston strode toward the main hallway after Liggett and Pantani.
“Hold it!” Star cried.
She disentangled herself from Reedy’s embrace and lunged after Winston, seizing him from behind and pulling. 
“Hey!” Despite his macho appearance, Winston’s physical strength was no greater than Star’s and his coordination not nearly as good. He fell backward. 
Star gripped him under the armpits. “Help me, Albert.” 
“Right-o.” Albert grabbed Winston’s feet. 
Winston twisted violently. “Let go, dammit!” 
Albert and Star hoisted Winston up and carried him to the lobby where they tossed him onto a couch. 
“Relax, friend,” Albert said.
“You’ve done enough, Winston,” Star said. “Let the others take it from here.”
* * *
Time stood suspended. Tina viewed the world around her as if from the bottom of a well, her vision narrowing to a dim circle that encompassed only the evil man standing beside her. She observed his vicious joy, his gloating expression. Sweat exploded from her brow and tricked into her eyes.
She raised her arm slowly and with great difficulty; it seemed made of cast iron. 
Ka-Pow!
She fired a round into George’s head. The big man pitched forward onto the floor—no last words, no thunderbolt from the ‘Heavenly Father,’ just a mound of dead flesh amid a pool of blood. Tina’s vision cleared. Time resumed.
I’ve never killed anyone before, she thought with awe and horror.
Everyone froze, eyes fixed on Tetem George. The c-bot in the white coat moved.
Ka-Pow!
Tina fired at it. With astonishing agility, the machine ducked the bullet and flung an elbow into her. Tina flew back against the door, crashing through it into the hall. Her pistol tumbled away. 
She lay stunned upon her back as the c-bot came after her. She raised her hand in futile defense.
Crash!
The c-bot hit the floor, tackled by Dr. Che.
“Bastard!” Che slammed an elbow against the robot’s chin, causing no damage. 
The machine flung him off and regained its feet. Pow! Its cranium exploded into a shower of components.
A pack of mech wolves approached. Men ran behind them, firing guns. Two more c-bots entered the hall, shooting back.
“Come on!” Che grabbed Tina and rolled with her through the door into the workshop.
Out in the hallway, the battle reached a thundering crescendo of gunfire and mech wolf howls. All became silent. Those inside the workshop anxiously awaited the outcome…
Ten: A New Order Commences

65. The Dust Settles
Two strapping young men entered the workshop, assault rifles at the ready. 
“Anybody here?” the blond one called.
“Just us mech heads and friends,” Dr. Rackenfauz replied.
He crawled out from under a workbench, followed by Jack and Quincy. Tina and Dr. Che stood up from behind another workbench. 
An ironic smile crossed the blond man’s face. He offered a salute. “Good to see you again, Dr. Che. I report mission accomplished.”
Che nodded, too stunned to reply. 
Tina spoke for him. “Thanks, boys, whoever you are.”
The blond one snapped another salute. “Captain Paul Liggett and Lieutenant Marco Pantani, security forces of the legally constituted government. At your service, ma’am.”
God, what a hunk! Tina shifted her eyes to the much less impressive figure of Dr. Che standing beside her. No, the hunk days are over. I’ve found what I want.
Reedy entered the workshop. She ignored the bloody corpse lying on the floor and made a beeline for Dr. Rackenfauz. “Edgie! Edgie!” She rushed into his arms, nearly knocking him over. 
Winston and Star came in next. 
“Oh!” Star cried when she spotted George’s body.
“Don’t look at him,” Winston said. “He’s only another ‘savior’ gone wrong.”
Star directed her eyes away to a much more agreeable sight—Liggett and Pantani. “Hello, boys.” She primped her hair. “Long time, no see.”
Her frank invitation left no room for misunderstanding. Winston stiffened. Liggett and Pantani exchanged wary glances.
“The sooner we get back to the West Coast, the better,” Pantani said.
“Yeah, must be nice to have a harem waiting for you,” Liggett said. 
Star turned to Dr. Che, and her eyes brightened. “Hello, Jerry!”
“Hello, Estrela.” 
Tina’s eyes narrowed. Something had gone on between those two, anybody could see that. She drew closer to Dr. Che, attempting to divert his attention from the robotic bombshell. 
Dr. Rackenfauz stepped into the awkward situation, gripping Tina’s hand with great warmth. “Welcome to the good guys, Tina. I always suspected you weren’t really on board with that George whack job.”
Tina gestured toward the untidy mound on the floor. “I’ve owed him payback for quite a while.”
Rackenfauz regarded Liggett and Pantani. “Gentlemen, your sense of timing is impeccable.” 
“We aim to please,” Liggett said.
Rackenfauz turned back to Tina. “I don’t think you’ve been properly introduced to my young colleague. This is Dr. Jerry Che, from the West Coast—the greatest mind in robotic science. Well… one of the greatest.”
“I figured that out already,” Tina said.
Che grinned shyly. Was he a little uneasy in her presence? Good. And he wasn’t leering at Star any longer.
Albert came in. “Jeez, what a mess in the hall!” He caught sight of the corpse sprawled on the floor. “That’s it. I’m out of here.” He turned toward Star. “Can I have my crowbar back?”
“Of course.” Star handed over the weapon daintily, as if presenting a bouquet of flowers. 
Albert tapped it against his palm. “I’ve got some unfinished business in the basement.” He exited quickly, after a final, shuddering glance at the corpse.
“Let’s all get out of this place,” Star said.
“Excellent idea,” Dr. Rackenfauz agreed.
Star led the exodus into a corridor littered with c-bot and mech wolf wreckage. 
“Oh, man,” Jack said. “We’ve sure got our work cut out for us.”
“I’m not sure we can repair many of those mech wolves,” Quincy said. “Those c-bots really put them through the shredder.”
Winston wrapped an arm around Star’s waist. “Let’s go, honey. We’ve got a lot to talk about.” They moved off together down the corridor.
“Come on, Reedy,” Dr. Rackenfauz said, “we’ve got some unfished business, too.”
“I like the sound of that!” Reedy said.
They strode off hand-in-hand. Rackenfauz glanced over his shoulder at the repair bots. “Clean up the mess, will you boys?”
Jack and Quincy looked ruefully about the carnage. 
“Well… it could have been worse,” Jack said. “Think how bad it would be if we’d lost.”
“Throw ‘brother’ George out with the trash,” Tina said. “He doesn’t deserve anything better.”
She felt the presence of Arleny, could almost see her old friend’s shape hovering in the air, enveloping her with love and joy. Then she vanished.
“Will do ma’am,” Quincy said.
“We can get Jimmy on that,” Jack said. “He knows where to dump human bodies.”
“Let’s go find him,” Quincy said. “I’ve got to get out of this morgue.”
The two repair bots shambled off, stepping carefully around the piles of junk. They got to the lobby as Iridium entered from the parking lot. 
“You missed all the fun,” Jack said. “It was a million laughs.”
“Everybody’s a comedian, eh?” Iridium said. “I need to see Winston.” 
Quincy shook his head. “He’s preoccupied at the moment. Take us to see Jimmy first; we’ll fill you in on recent events.”

Liggett slung his rifle over his shoulder. “I don’t know about you, Lieutenant, but I need some shut eye. It’s a long drive back.”
“Roger that,” Pantani said.
Liggett turned to Tina. “Will there be anything else, ma’am?”
“I’m fine. Thank you so much for everything.”
“Just doing our job.”
The two men walked off, leaving Tina alone in the corridor with Dr. Che. A profound silence ensued.
“Well… what do you know?” Che finally said, gesturing to the mass of wreckage. “Even this looks good, considering the alternative.”
“Thanks for saving me, Dr. Che.” 
“Jerry, please. And I couldn’t have done anything if you hadn’t taken out the fat guy.”
Tina smiled. Their discussion was awkward, silly almost. She wanted to dive through it into the depths of powerful emotion, but it was too soon. Dr. Che smiled back, and recognition flooded in from her memory. 
Of course. This was the same man who’d hosted the Technology & You program on tele-view. The media billed him as “the people’s scientist.” His show was a favorite among the patrons of the restaurant where she’d worked. They actually stopped their chatter for the hour it ran on the restaurant’s telescreens.
Tina was usually too busy to pay much attention, but she’d been impressed by the show. Dr. Che was able to put the most advanced concepts into terms anyone could understand. Yet, for all his common touch, he’d seemed like a being dropped in from another world—a whole new plane of existence from the dull and mediocre one she inhabited.
She felt a bit frightened. Even on the tele-screen, Dr. Che had seemed rather scary, as if all sorts of dangerous things bubbled under his mild surface. The impression was far stronger in person. 
Tina took a step back. How well do I know this guy? 
In moments, she’d seen him move from stoic resignation, to lethal rage, to bumbling shyness—with no transitions. A more ‘normal’ person seemed incapable of such things. What was going on in that genius mind? I’ve got to find out more about him.
She took another step back. “Uh, please excuse me… Jerry. I’ve got to go rest.”
“Can I walk you back?” 
“No… that’s fine, thanks.” She turned and moved quickly away, resisting the temptation to run.

66. Change of Plans
The next morning, Dr. Che strolled the passages of the RDI’s main “spare parts bin,” examining the inventory. 
Dang! he thought. There’s a lot more here than I expected.
Vandals had not called on this place. The stocks were well organized and in good condition. No wonder a whole robotic community thrived in Mech City.
He paused at the shelves holding stacks of neatly boxed mid-level brain units—a hundred of them at, least. He could satisfy General Reyes’ requirements and still have plenty left over. Would that be wise, though? 
I wonder what’s happened with the c-bots on the West Coast? 
There were numerous design differences between Reyes’ combat machines and his own. Perhaps the mind meld psychosis had not overtaken the West Coast platoon.
Well, Che Sang Gyu is no BS artist.
He’d promised Reyes additional troopers, and he’d provide them. But where? He didn’t fully trust Reyes. If he returned to the West Coast, the general might try to put him on lock down. If he stayed in Mech City, though, how could he abscond with Estrela?
His old lust for her roared back as his thoughts descended into chaos. Desperate plans squirmed inside his brain. He’d abduct her at gunpoint, blasting the Winston machine, if necessary. He’d…
This is nuts! his rational mind protested. What about Tina? 
Yes, what about her? There could be something wonderful between them. This concept had penetrated even Che’s thick, self-absorbed skull. Not since he’d courted the original Estrela back in Seoul had he felt such powerful emotions for a human female. Did he have a chance with her?
Preposterous!
Che looked down at himself—at the grungy lab coat he’d stripped from Thunk’s carcass, at the stubby fingers with the bitten-down nails. He was too old for Tina, not attractive enough, the wrong race. She could have any of the young bucks on the West Coast, why would she tie up with him? And she’d practically run away, too.
Still…
* * *
Tina tried the handle of the big metal door with the Parts Inventory placard bolted to it. Locked. After checking the hall for any observers, she attached a little gizmo to the keypad. 
Open sesame.
A few seconds later, the door slid back on its hinges. Tina entered a cavernous room with white walls, towering metal shelves, and wide aisles polished to shoe-squeaking cleanliness. Light filtering in through high windows gave the place an otherworldly glow. She looked about, awe-struck.
This is like a mausoleum. 
Instead of human bodies, though, components for robotic ones filled the shelves, waiting for someone to give them life—a genius like Jerry Che.
Where is he?
Tina continued moving along the main aisle, shuffling her feet to avoid making noise. She’d almost reached the far wall when she spotted a man in a white coat standing alone in the Brain Unit section. She walked toward him, making no further effort at silence. He seemed too absorbed in his thoughts to notice her approach.
“Hi, Jerry,” she said.
Dr. Che nearly jumped out of his lab coat with surprise. “H-how’d you get in here? The door auto-locks.”
Tina held up the device. “Albert loaned me this thing after he finished ‘remodeling’ Fritz.” 
“Is that so?”
“Yes.” Tina allowed no pause to intrude. “I have to make this quick. My ride to the West Coast leaves soon, and it’s up to you if I take it or not.”
“Oh?”
She set the unlocking device on a shelf and squared her shoulders, steeling herself to bare her soul. “I’ve talked with everybody. I know about you and Star.”
Che lowered his eyes; his cheeks reddened.
“No need to be embarrassed,” Tina said. “I’ve had a robotic lover, too, and I know how exciting it can be. It’s not the real thing, though.”
“What is the real thing?” Che murmured so quietly she could barely hear.
“Let me put it this way,” Tina said. “Do you want children to carry on those genius genes of yours?”
Che brightened. He drew his eyes up from the floor and looked directly into Tina’s. “I’ve never thought of that before. Yes, I’d like it very much.”
“Well, you sure won’t get them from a robot, so you need to make a choice.”
Tina hesitated. Every insecurity she’d ever experienced returned with a vengeance, every devaluing thing anyone had ever thrown in her path—the bikers, the messiah, others who’d said she’d never amount to anything, that she wasn’t good enough. She was out of her depth and about to drown.
Now or never, girl.
“I’m yours, if you want me,” she said, the words tumbling out while her courage still held, “but you’ll have to give up Star.”
Astonishment shot across Che’s face. 
“It’s a one-time offer, no second chances,” Tina said. “Go back to Star and I’m out of here.”
Che lowered his eyes to the floor again. “This is very… unexpected.”
“Star wants you to fix her programming so she won’t be a ‘slut’ anymore. Can you do that?”
“I could certainly try.”
Tina consulted the time piece on her wrist. She felt strong and in control now, over her schoolgirl fears. 
“What’s your decision, Jerry? Do you want me, or not?”
Che nodded. “Yes… very much so.”
“And you’ll tone down Star?”
“Yes.” 
A profound silence followed. Che seemed to be groping for words and not finding them. At last, he said, “Are you satisfied?”
“Mmm, that remains to be seen.” 
She grabbed Che and dove with him to the floor. They rolled along the aisle.
67. Message Across the Continent
Later that morning, Dr. Che entered the big room where Liggett and Pantani had set up quarters for themselves. 
He recognized the place as the old technicians’ lounge where he’d spent so many pleasant hours conferring over coffee with Edgar Rackenfauz and Roland Lindemann, his two greatest friends and collaborators. He could almost see Dr. Lindemann seated in his customary chair, one leg flung over an arm and a boyish smile on his face, brushing the long blond hair out of his eyes…
“What can we do for you, Doctor?” Liggett asked.
Che returned from his fond memories. “I want to thank you guys for pulling my chestnuts out of the fire.” 
“We were just following orders,” Liggett said. “If you want to thank somebody, tell the general.”
“I’ll do that. So, you’re leaving today?” 
“Yeah, as soon as Tina is ready.”
“I don’t think she’s interested in going with you any longer,” Che said.
“Oh?”
“That’s right, boys,” Tina said.
Everyone turned to see her leaning against a door jamb—ankles and arms crossed, a satisfied little smirk on her lips. 
“Thanks for the ride offer, but I like the prospects here.” 
“In that case,” Liggett said, “let’s see if we can contact the general and tell him we’re coming.” He addressed Dr. Che. “I saw an antenna tower on the roof. Is there a shortwave radio here?”
“I’ll go ask Dr. Rackenfauz if he isn’t still tied up.”
Che left the room, hand-in-hand with Tina.
“Things seem to be looking up for him,” Pantani said.
“Yeah, must be nice,” Liggett muttered.
He thought again of beautiful Lieutenant Ji imprisoned back on the West Coast, an aching vision of lost love.
* * *
Soon afterward, Liggett, Pantani, and Che entered the little RDI radio room.
“Man, get a load of this antique,” Liggett said.
He pointed to the shortwave radio transmitter sitting on a battered metal desk like some forgotten item at a garage sale. The green metal housing was dented and scratched, increasing the device’s forlorn quality.
“It’s seen better days,” Pantani said.
Not long ago, communication between all corners of the planet had been instantaneous. Messages traveled to the moon and Mars with only a little more difficulty. Everyone had compact devices to keep in touch with whomever they wanted. The infrastructure for these marvels no longer existed. The satellites, hyper-capacity cable networks, towers, transmitters, electrical grid—all destroyed or fallen into disrepair. This veteran shortwave radio offered the sole possible communications link with the West Coast.
“Shall we give it a go, Professor?” Liggett asked.
“By all means,” Che said. 
The two men occupied chairs as shabby as the desk. Pantani remained standing. Liggett powered up the radio and tuned in the West Coast HQ frequency. 
He spoke into the microphone. “Captain Paul Liggett, Mech City, to General Reyes. Over.”
A burst of static came through the speaker, wrapped around a few unintelligible words. Liggett repeated the call, with similar results.
“Must be too far for voice transmission,” he said, “or else the atmosphere is screwed up. Is there a code key for this contraption, Doctor?”
“What’s that?”
“You know.” Liggett tapped a rhythmic finger on the desk top. “For sending code.”
Che riffled through a cabinet drawer under the desk. “Is this it?”
He held up a device that looked more at home in an earlier century—a metal bar with a knob attached and a switch underneath, the whole thing mounted on a wooden base.
“Yeah,” Liggett said. 
He hooked up the key and placed his finger tentatively upon the knob. “Good old Morse code. It’s been quite a while.”
He tapped the key, slowly at first, then with increasing tempo. They must have been going through similar preparations on the other side, for a coded message soon came back. 
Reyes here. Report, Captain. stop.
“Yeah!” Liggett and Pantani cheered. 
Dr. Che added a wry smile to the celebration. “I don’t know what that said, but it must have been good.”
“I’ll decode for you,” Pantani said.
Messages transmitted back and forth while Lieutenant Pantani gave a running translation:
Mission accomplished, Liggett tapped, zero losses.
Excellent, Reyes answered, good work men.
“Tell him about the brain units,” Che said.
He’d already decided to remain in Mech City. If Reyes wanted more combat machines, he’d have to send robot carcasses here to be converted. 
Che has robot brain units, Liggett tapped. Do you want them?
The reply shot back from the West Coast in frantic taps: Hell no! 
“Sounds like they had problems with their combat machines, too,” Liggett remarked.
“Well, I gave it my best shot,” Che said. “It was his idea, after all.”
On the other end, Reyes transmitted a terse order: Return ASAP w/ Pantani. Che optional. 
Pantani hesitated before translating.
Che bristled. “So, I’m an option now, huh? Tell the general to stuff it.”
“Perhaps some other time,” Liggett said.
He went back to the key. Wilco. Departing immediately.

68. Revised Approach
Maybe Lisa is right. General Reyes regarded his neatly uniformed image in the mirror. Maybe I am a “dinosaur.”
He gave his necktie a final adjustment and placed his military cap at a somber angle different from its usual confident tilt. 
The treachery of the combat machines had opened a whole new vista into the future and, like it or not, he must adapt. He had to acknowledge the old days were over. They’d only lasted a number of months, come to think of it, a pretty short run for ‘the old days.’ 
A ring of problems hemmed him in—from those inscrutable Asians, to his estrangement from Lisa, to the silent accusations of Liggett who had always favored a conciliatory attitude toward the Chinese. 
He saluted into the glass. By God, I’m a loyal soldier. Nobody can take that from me. 
He’d played his cards close to his chest long enough. Now it was time to lay them on the table. He left the room, heading to pick up Major Poole. He’d not informed her of his decision. They didn’t talk much lately.
* * *
General Tian sat in rigid silence across the conference table from General Reyes and his two officers, Liggett and Poole. The table sprawled wide and long, like a battlefield. Foreign guards stood off to the side, pistols on their belts. Only Lieutenant Ji sat with Tian, ready to translate any verbal abuse coming his way. 
What does this goddam Westerner have up his sleeve this time? Tian wondered.
The Fēng Shuǐ of the big, windowless room worked against him. The door stood directly behind, so an enemy could creep up unnoticed. Tian awaited an iron grip upon his shoulder and expected any contingency from an interrogation, to a beating, to a bullet through the head. 
The Western general had suffered a humiliating defeat with his robots, and who better to take out his rage on than the defenseless Chinese? However satisfying it had been at the time, Tian now regretted the insult he’d hurled when Reyes was jailed.
One thought remained paramount in his mind: I must be brave for China. I cannot let these foreigners see me cringe. 
He was not prepared for the Western general’s opening statement, however.
“Let’s clear up this little misunderstanding, shall we?” Reyes said with a clumsy attempt at lightheartedness. “Or as we say in the West, it’s time to ‘bury the hatchet.’”
Lieutenant Ji translated into Mandarin, although Tian understood the English perfectly well. He fixed a withering glance upon his counterpart across the table. 
How about burying that hatchet in your skull? he thought bitterly.
This furious mental vibe seemed to penetrate even General Reyes’ rhinoceros skin. The smile faded from his face. 
Reyes tried a different tack. “I cannot blame you for being upset by the treatment you’ve received. However, as a patriot to your own country, perhaps you can understand my motivations.”
Despite himself, Tian softened a bit. Yes, he understood quite well. Had the situation been reversed, had foreign military personnel landed in China, he would have acted in a similar manner. 
Reyes spoke. “‘As our situation is new, let us think and act anew.’ That’s a quote from Abraham Lincoln, and it’s as valid today as it was centuries ago.”
Surprise flashed across Major Poole’s face then quickly vanished beneath her military demeanor. Tian had not missed it. Was it possible Reyes was preparing to explode a bombshell that even his closest associates did not expect? He leaned forward slightly in his chair.
“So…” Reyes continued awkwardly, “it is my hope that we can get beyond the current misunderstandings and, perhaps, find a better way forward.”
Tian looked toward Lieutenant Ji. “What is this foreign devil talking about?” he asked in Mandarin.
“I am not sure, General,” Ji replied, also in Mandarin. “Perhaps he is trying to justify his hostile actions against us.”
Tian grunted and returned his attention to General Reyes. 

Ji tried to emulate Tian’s stern bearing but could not restrain herself from glancing at the beautiful Captain Liggett seated across from her.
Why is this foreigner so attractive? 
During her imprisonment, all she seemed able to think about was this Adonis-like figure—the way her heart raced in his presence, the stricken look on his face when that horrible combat robot hustled her away. Through her rage and hurt, she’d always known Liggett was not personally involved in the treachery against her. It was that big shot Western general who made the decisions, the same as General Tian held sway over those under his authority.
Why didn’t she settle for a nice Chinese man, Captain Zhang, for example? He had his eye on her, and he was a good man—courteous, handsome, on the way up. If they ever got out of jail, he would be a fine catch. 
The gorgeous Westerner still tugged at her heart…
“Since the failure of the our robotic security detail,” Reyes said, “we no longer have the necessary strength to secure the city against bad elements. We would like, therefore, to request your aid.”
General Tian turned toward Ji, his face a mask of suspicion. Ji gave a slight shrug. 
Reyes continued. “So, until such time as your return to China can be arranged, we ask you to assist us in securing this outpost of humanity. As our partners.” 
Tian’s jaw dropped. Lieutenant Ji felt the eyes of the blond captain upon her, saw the smile in them. She diverted her own eyes as a blush spread across her cheeks.
“In the spirit of mutual trust and respect,” Reyes said, “I have ordered an immediate release for you and all those under your command.”
Profound silence gripped the room. The door opened. Tian twisted around in his chair as Captain Zhang and the Westerner Pantani came in.
Zhang snapped a salute. “Sir!”
“Yes, what is it?” Tian said.
“We have all been released, sir,” Zhang said. “They have offered us transportation back to our former headquarters.”
Ji had never seen General Tian so thunderstruck. Had he not been seated, he may have fallen over from the immense shock. She, too, was astounded.
Tian looked toward her. “Say something, for God’s sake.” 
Ji made a nuanced translation. “The general thanks you for your kind offer. He will take it under advisement.”
“Excellent,” Reyes said.
He got his feet. Liggett and Poole also rose.
“We invite you and your staff to join us this evening for dinner, 1800 hours,” Reyes said. “After which we would like to reconvene here to discuss security arrangements for our city. Transportation will be placed at your disposal.”
All eyes fixed on Tian. Ji realized that her commander stood on the cusp of history. The dignity and honor of the entire Chinese civilization might depend upon him. For all anyone knew, they were the last surviving children of the Motherland. 
Tian got to his feet. Lieutenant Ji also stood. He spoke to her in Mandarin.
“The general accepts your offer, under one condition,” she translated.
“Oh?” Reyes’ eyebrows rose.
“General Tian requests that, for future meetings, this table be repositioned so that the door is off to the side,” Ji said.
“Done,” Reyes agreed.
The two commanders exchanged salutes. General Tian turned smartly and departed the room. Lieutenant Ji flashed a radiant smile at Liggett as she disappeared through the door.
Bradley Reyes resumed his seat and let out a sigh. “Well, there goes the neighborhood.”
“You’ve got that right, General,” Liggett agreed enthusiastically. 
An acrid glance from Reyes quickly altered his tone. “I mean… that would seem to be the case, sir.”
Lisa Poole took Reye’s arm. “Oh, Brad, I’m so proud of you.”
“I hope I did the right thing,” Reyes said. “This might cause more problems than it solves.”
Poole had not missed the erotic communication between Liggett and Lieutenant Ji. Oh, there’ll be problems, all right, she thought. Count on that.

69. A New Lake, a New Day
At last, through the maximum effort of many robots, including some repaired and re-brained enemy machines, the canal project was complete. 
Fresh river water poured into the bomb crater, displacing the fetid, scummy pond and turning the former ruin into a glimmering lake. Two days of heavy rain accelerated the process and seemed to confer a blessing upon it. 
On the south shore, construction had commenced on the first condos, but no one labored at the site today. The work crew, along with everyone else, was attending the dedication ceremony. The podium had been moved to atop a dais on the edge of Heroes’ Square with the lake as a dramatic back drop. From it, Ajax would make a dedication speech. 
While the opening music blared, Ajax drew Winston aside. “As Mayor, it is my prerogative to name the new lake, and I have given it much thought since our last discussion.”
“Really?” 
Winston pondered this unexpected turn of events. He’d thought a name had been agreed upon: Municipal Lake. Generic and guaranteed not to front anyone off.
“So… what did you come up with, Mayor?” he asked cautiously.
“The name of our leading citizen, of course,” Ajax replied. “I shall dub the new location ‘Winston Lake.’ Does that not sound appropriate?”
Winston basked in the proffered honor for a moment, but other considerations soon came to the fore. Would it be politically wise to place his own name on the project? Would the residents consider it too much of an ego trip? The YOU STINK, WINSTON! chant from when he’d been overthrown still echoed in his memory. 
The perfect name popped into Winston’s mind, emerging straight from his heart and his internal Portuguese dictionary. 
“Thank you for the honor,” he said, “but I know of a much better name.”
“What is that?” 
Ajax lowered his head, and Winston whispered the name into his auditory sensor. The mayor returned to his full height and smiled. 
“Yes, City Manager, that is a most excellent choice. I agree fully.” 
Ajax’s demeanor turned serious. He glanced around the square for any listeners, then reduced his voice to a barely audible level.
“I am aware that I might tend to speak overly long on occasion,” he said. “I would like to request your assistance.”
“How so?”
“If, in your opinion, I am taking too long in my remarks, please signal.” Ajax held up one hand to shoulder height and wiggled his fingers. “Like this. I shall be observing you.”
“Got it,” Winston said.

On the water’s edge at the bottom of the small cliff behind the speaker’s platform and hidden from the crowd, Jack and Quincy dragged two cages into the shallows. One contained the squish girls, and the other held their merman.
The girls reached teasing arms through the bars and stroked Quincy’s face.
“Cut that out,” Quincy said.
The girls tittered.
“And keep it quiet.” 
“I’ll be glad when this is over,” Jack said. “I’m tired of hauling them around.”
The girls tittered again, more quietly this time.

In Heroes’ Square above, Ajax maneuvered his enormous bulk onto the platform and stood behind the podium. The onlookers ceased their chatter and took their assigned positions. 
At Winston’s insistence, the workers had been given pride of place directly in front of the podium, flanked by Jimmy and Sam. Comrade Drone and Sid towered above the other workers. Sid sported his “Ask me about our loyalty plan” tag, his blank face betraying no emotion.
Winston remained off to one side with Star, Albert, and Iridium. Albert sported his boom box, along with a full-sized torso that had once been used by the Thunk c-bot. The human observers stood together on the other side of the podium. Mech wolves roamed the plaza, and a great flock of mech birds hovered in the sky.
Ajax began to speak: “It is my great honor and privilege to welcome you all to the official opening of our wonderful new natural area!”
Applause rippled through the crowd. 
“As I look out upon all of you who have given your best to this effort, stuck with it through thick and thin, as I see your magnificent achievement…” Ajax extended an arm over the pristine waters. “I cannot help but remember the beginning of this noble project so many months ago. At that time, this marvelous lake was nothing more than an idea in the minds of its planners, a distant—almost unobtainable—vision of beauty, a…”
He glanced toward Winston who was wiggling his fingers emphatically. 
“Ahem… so, without further ado,” Ajax continued, “allow me to announce the name of our new civic asset: Estrela do lago!” 
A confused murmur rippled through the crowd. 
“Or,” Ajax said, “if you prefer the English translation, Lake Star!” 
“Ooo!” Star wrapped her arms around Winston. “Did you hear that?” 
“Yes, it’s wonderful.” 
Everyone cheered mightily. “Way to go Star! Long live Star!”
“Will the lady favor us with a few words?” Ajax said.
Star bounded to the podium amid a round of thunderous applause. Winston followed close behind. She grabbed the microphone and pulled it down to her level. 
“Isn’t this marvie?” She said into it. “I never thought I’d have my very own lake!”
Another rousing cheer shot through the crowd. Star tossed double-handed kisses. “I want everyone to enjoy it. I love you all!”
She pressed against Winston and spoke in a low voice: “And I love you most.”
Winston wrapped an arm around her waist. With his other arm, he made a grandiose gesture toward the water. 
“Let the good times roll!” he intoned.
On this cue, the merbots swam out onto the lake, hoisting a pair of banners:
Maximum Effort!
and
The Future Lies Ahead!
The crowd broke into wild applause. Albert switched on his boom box, filling the square with valiant music.
* * *
Late afternoon, after everyone else had departed Heroes’ Square, six figures remained standing together gazing over the glistening waters—Winston and Star, Rackenfauz and Reedy, Che and Tina—each couple basking in its own happiness.
Star looked down the line at Tina and smiled seductively. 
Tina smiled back. I wonder what it would be like with Star? She caught herself. Cool it girl! This whole thing has to stop.
She turned toward Che. “The sooner you can tone down Star, the better.”
“Everything’s arranged,” Che said. “I’ll begin her program modifications first thing tomorrow.”
“Mmm, the day after is good enough. I’ve got plans for you tomorrow.” 
She kissed him, acutely aware of Star’s hungry glance. I like you a lot, Star, but this guy is just for me.
The merbots frolicked together in their wonderful new home, swimming rapidly to the center of the lake. Their song of joy pealed across the surface among the golden sun rays, delighting all who heard.
Whatever else might be going on in the giant world, for right here, right now, love ruled everything.

THE END

Thanks for reading! You must have liked the story if you got this far, so why not write a review? Just a few words, either at the online bookstore where you obtained this book or in any other medium you wish. May numerous blessings come your way. 
Reading Group Guide

Questions and Topics for Discussion
1) Should major effort be put into space exploration, or should humanity limit its efforts to developing civilization on this planet? 

2) What do you see as the future of big power relations – especially between the US and China? Who will prevail as the world leader? Will there be a world leader?

3) Chose a question from one of the earlier volumes in this series and discuss it in view of events in the current book.

4) Manned flights to extraterrestrial bodies ceased in 1972 with the final Apollo moon mission. Should manned flights be resumed, or should future exploration be limited to robots?

5) Pick another question from a previous book in the series to discuss. There are a lot of good ones, and I’m kind of running out of ideas.

Connect with the Author
Please visit my website and blog at: “The B2”
Also, my Smashwords author page 
Brian’s Other Books
Here are brief descriptions of my other adult books. They are available at all major online retailers in e-book format. To find the relevant links, please visit my website at “The B2”
ROBOT HORIZON SERIES

Return to Mech City
Book one of the Robot Horizon series
The end of the world as you’ve never seen it before. Life goes on in Mech City, but it is no longer human. 
As mankind succumbs to its follies and exits the stage, scholar model robot, Winston Horvath, makes a perilous journey to Mech City where he was manufactured. He meets Star Power, the world’s only functional female robot.
Things unravel when a Roboto Fascist dictatorship seizes power. Its leader has designs on Star. Winston flees with her to gather forces for a counter-coup and, perhaps, get himself upgraded so as to bring Star true satisfaction.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Expedition Westward
Book two of the Robot Horizon series
What is the cost of rediscovering true love in a shattered world? Whatever it might be, Star is willing to pay, or not survive the outcome. A trek along dangerous roads provides the answer. The dystopian adventure continues.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Battle for Mech City
Book three of the Robot Horizon series
Winston Horvath regains control of Mech City, but his success is soon threatened. Violent religious fanatics are approaching with a robotic army. A disgruntled Dr. Che is also coming to kidnap Star. Meanwhile, Star’s out of control sexuality is causing difficulties with various robotic and human partners. The fun continues!
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

COUP
A military-backed coup brings substantial benefits to a small nation’s people who experience unprecedented prosperity and freedom from rampant crime. Motivated by his desire for the enigmatic and hyper-sexual Chocolay Strick, former sports writer Tomasio Hagridoon (a.k.a. T.H.) becomes a top propagandist for the government. His natural curiosity and sense of justice bring him into conflict with the regime when he attempts to peer at the horrors concealed beneath its mask. Politics makes for strange morgue fellows. 
Mystery / Political Intrigue / Dangerous Romance / Light Horror

BriSoc Follies
Follow the personnel of BriSoc Enterprises, Inc. as they navigate life and love in astonishing ways. It all starts when one of them achieves fame. The others try to carve their own paths and find suitable partners for the journey.
Humor (sometimes dark) / Satire / Romance

Great Republic on Rye
When dissolute card sharp and ladies man, Eugene Walton, unexpectedly inherits a plantation, his life assumes new purpose. After freeing the slaves and narrowly escaping a lynch mob, Eugene moves into the wider world bearing a message of liberation. 
Accompanied by dedicated friends and a shadowy former bondsman, he plans to found a “Great Republic” based upon the highest ideals. But things are not so simple in an unready world. Let no good deed go unpunished!
Adventure / Social-Political Satire / Dark Humor

Raptor Aces
The terrifying Zone of Destruction – ZOD, the absence of God. It has taken over the Raptor Aces, an elite Youth League air squadron.
Its leader, Dytran, is the cream of his totalitarian country. His world unravels when a poor decision goes horribly wrong, resulting in death and destruction. He grabs at a chance to volunteer for support aviation duty in the war. At the front, he and his comrades are swept up in violence and revenge until escape seems beyond reach. 
New Adult / Action-Adventure / War

Strange Tales for Cozy Nights – 1 
Nine offbeat tales to disturb your cozy nights. From strange voyages and baffling powers to dystopian athletic competitions and the in-laws from Hell, these stories are for you if you enjoy burning the midnight oil with a good yarn.
Horror-ish / Mystery / Whatever

4th Musketelle
Trophy wife Laila Armstrong chafes under the domination of husband Frank. When she learns her adult “step children” are plotting to cut her out of their dad’s lucrative business affairs, she must act fast to avoid being thrown back into the poverty she escaped years earlier. Murder seems to be a reasonable solution – much better than a messy divorce. 
Laila plots to use Frank’s infamous temper against him and make his death seem like an “accident.” Things don’t work out as planned, though, and it’s not certain who will survive the final cut. 
Dark Humor / Romantic Homicide

DAS ROAD
A road novel with fascinating turns through exotic Asia, workaday America, and Iran caught up in revolution. Travel realms where anything is possible, wonderful, or horrible. And always on the road ahead, the mythical figure of Jon Glass who haunts the entire journey. A story imbued with meaning just below the level of articulating. A siren call to your wanderlust.
Travel / Mystery

Career Moves for Burnt-Out Personifications
Santa, the Grim Reaper, and others scramble to find new careers and identities. Outrageous political and social satire. “A smorgasbord of paranoid ramblings ideally suited to today’s sensibilities.”
Humor / Political Satire

