Between Nostalgia and Dystopia


By

Vincent Gray



Smashwords Edition 
Copyright © 2021 Vincent Gray.
Vincent Myles Gray has asserted his right to be identified as the author of this work. This book is a work of historized fiction. All the characters developed in this novel are fictional creations of the writer’s imagination and are not modelled on any real or historical persons. Any resemblances to persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental.

ISBN 9781005397807



Author Biography

As a son of a miner, the author was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. He grew up in the East Rand mining town of Boksburg during the 1960s and matriculated from Boksburg High School. After high school, he was conscripted into the South African Defence Force (SADF) for compulsory national military service at the age of seventeen. On completion of his military service, he studied courses in Zoology, Botany and Microbiology at the University of the Witwatersrand. After graduating with a BSc honours degree he worked for a short period for the Department of Agriculture in Potchefstroom as an agronomist. Following the initial conscription into military service in the SADF, like all other white South African males of his generation, he was then drafted into one of the many South African Citizen Military Regiments. During the 1970s he was called up as a citizen-soldier to do three-month military camps on the 'Border' which was the operational theatre of the so-called counter insurgency 'Bush War' during the apartheid years. Before and in between university studies he also worked as a wage clerk on the South African Railways and as a travelling chemical sales representative. The author is now a retired professor whose career as an academic in the Biological Sciences has spanned a period of thirty-three years mainly at the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, South Africa. Before retirement, he lectured and carried out research in the field of molecular biology with a special interest in the molecular basis of evolution. He continues to pursue his interest in evolutionary biology. Other interests which the author pursues includes radical theology, philosophy and literature.



eBooks by Vincent Gray also available on Smashwords as Free Downloads

The Girl from Reiger Park -The Barracuda Night Club Trilogy. Book No.1
Who was Oreithyia? -The Barracuda Night Club Trilogy. Book No.2
The Barracuda Night Club Mystery - The Barracuda Night Club Trilogy. Book No. 3
The Girl from Germiston
The Tale of the Sakabula Bird
Rebekah of Lake Sibaya
Segomotso and the Dressmaker
Devorah’s Prayer
Hotazel: Journal Writing of a Lipstick Lesbian
Farewell to Innocence: The full uncensored saga of Hannah Zeeman
Send Him My Love (Short Story)
Three Days in Phoenix (Short Story)
The Soccer Player (Short Story)
Raghavee: The Immoral House Keeper (Short Story)
Waterlandsridge (Novella)
The Man with no Needs
A Posh White Woman



Dedicated to my wife Melodie and my daughter Ruth and my mother-in-law Hannetjie.



Instructions for the Reader

As the editor and redactor of this manuscript which fell into my hands, I felt the need to provide the reader with some reading guidelines. Following my receipt of the manuscript, I decided to have it published in the form of a novel rather than as a non-fiction autobiography. Before commencement with the reading of this novel please be advised that this is no ordinary novel. Be warned, this narrative like any classical epic takes place against a vast setting, extending beyond the literary or aesthetic boundaries that demarcate the traditional idea or scope or parameters or territory or ‘space’ of the Novel. While I have endeavoured to make the narrative and plotline unfold sequentially or linearly the reader does not have to read the novel sequentially starting from page one. The novel can be read in any way the reader wishes or chooses. The reader can start anywhere in the novel, and read backwards or forwards. In its composition, there were many tangential digressions or diversions or detours or even transgressions in the original manuscript. I have decided to leave them embedded as interpolations within the narrative or storyline of this novel. If the reader so chooses, these digressions which are easily recognizable as philosophical explorations or interpolations can be safely skipped or glossed over without any danger of losing the main or integral thread of the story unfolding in the pages of this novel. If the reader can choose to ignore the philosophical digressions then why have they been included in the novel? A good question! Possibly difficult to answer in a satisfactory or convincing fashion. However, after considerable pondering over the matter, I decided to include them. Their purpose would serve to broaden the scope of the novel. In this regard, their purpose would be to embed the unfolding narrative within a broader philosophical framework or against a broader philosophical or metaphysical backdrop. Also with regard to the many digressions, these digressions inserted into the text of the novel also gives voice to the underlying historical, social and political realities which played a critical role in shaping the fate of Gavin Swift. These discussions or digressions which are of a philosophical or metaphysical nature are indeed relevant and even essential I would argue. They set the metaphysical scene of the novel. Every novel or story is set within a metaphysical framework, which is usually implicit. In this novel, the digressions also serve to make the underlying metaphysics of the narrative more explicit to the reader. They also contextualize the protagonist’s own narrative or life story within a broader grand narrative of the world and its history. The reader may wonder what genre the novel belongs to? Is it a typical post-apartheid novel? Answer: No it is not. Is it a post-modern novel? No, it is not? From an aesthetic and literary perspective, it falls into the category of realism and fictionalized history or fictionalized autobiography. So is it a Bildungsroman? Yes and no. To complicate matters further, it also falls into the literary category of the apocalyptic or dystopian novel. Having debriefed the reader in this manner, have I pre-emptily undermined or damaged or influenced in any way the reader’s reading experience? I don’t believe I have. I have not given away the story’s plot. That is for you the reader to find out or to construct. Finally, as a parting shot to the reader, in the writing of this novel it will become obvious that the project run away from its author in its execution. 



Chapter One

1.
Knowing Millicent, the divorce papers would have been filed, and before the end of the week, they would be served, and one more chapter in the passage of my life would be ending, in the year of the great pandemic, 2020. And now, four years later in the year 2024 after having survived several successive waves of the Covid-19 pandemic another short but significant chapter in my life teeters at the brink of coming to an end. Thirty-four years ago in the year 1990 after encountering Millicent Rosen by chance in Exclusives Bookshop in Hillbrow, and after exchanging nods of mutual recognition, a subtle smile played on her lips, and I immediately fell in love with her. A few days later, we met once more, again by chance. This time as new members of the Wits Film Society’s first meeting of the year. We had both independently joined the film society. The main lecture theatre in the John Moffat Architecture Building at the University of the Witwatersrand (Wits) was the usual venue for the Society’s fortnightly lectures and film evenings. Outside the John Moffat Architecture Building at the edge of the large rectangular pond teeming with goldfish, koi and carp we became more fully acquainted. We discovered that we shared a lot including a passion for cinema as an art form. The year 1990 also marked the end of the social upheavals and political turmoil that had characterized the lost decade of the 1980s in South Africa. It needs some explanation on what was meant by our becoming ‘more fully acquainted’. We were not complete strangers. Before coming to Wits as students, we had both completed our high school education at Damelin College, so as teenagers, we shared a common past. We had had the same schoolteachers, the same school subjects, the same school milieu, the same school history, and the same school experiences. Experiences imbued with that rare and unique ethos that belongs to an elite private school rooted in the inner-city of Johannesburg. It was a multi-storeyed school with no open playgrounds or sports field; a school spilling out onto the streets and pavements, of what was once a vibrant and exciting city. We also grew up in similar kinds of neighbourhoods. In my case, it was on the East Rand, in a mining town called Boksburg. In her case, it was the Southern Suburbs of Johannesburg. We both grew up in neighbourhoods that were heterogeneously white in terms of ethnicities and language. Neighbourhoods that were inhabited by residents who were from working and middle-class backgrounds. She grew up in the Hill, a suburb in the south of Johannesburg close to Rosettenville. Historically, her family roots were firmly anchored in the Southern Suburbs, her father an attorney managing his own notary and conveyancing firm in Linmeyer, and her mother running her own estate agency office in Rosettenville. Her paternal and maternal grandparents, originally from Lithuania, had been shopkeepers in Rosettenville. She was in standard seven when I was in matric. As a fourteen-year-old, she was an exquisitely delectable teenager but exceeding aloof and sullen, a loner who did not mix. Of course, I noticed her, passing each other daily in the school corridors and on the stairs, we made frequent eye contact, looking directly into each other eyes without smiling. I would never have guessed that she was going to be my future wife and that she would bear our three daughters in quick succession each one a little Rosa Luxemburg clone of Millicent blended with the shadow of the Moor in their complexions and the Spaniard in the fullness of their womanly figures. Millicent, in her short hemmed gym, was just below medium height, slim but shapely, displaying eye-catching legs encased in black tights. Her dark auburn hair was tightly braided into a long plait that reached the middle of her back or sometimes tied up in a ponytail. Her features, the shape of her face and her profile bore a remarkable but prettier resemblance to Rosa Luxemburg (as you have now probably guessed). She had the same sad eyes and forlorn demeanour. Yet she was not frail, in fact, she was physically strong and athletic. At Wits, she was a talented sprinter and a skilful fencer, and also a champion chess player. Over her entire life, starting from her school days, she had been a driven workaholic. There was a brashness in her manner, and she could be quite intimidating. When our lives intersected in the shadows of those towering plane trees at the edge of the pond filled with colourful koi in the fading twilight on that hot February evening, I was 25 and she was 22 years old. She had completed her B.Com degree with distinction and was in the final year of her LLB. After graduating with a PhD in 1989, I had managed to get appointed as a lecturer in the Department of Genetics. She fell in love with the highly intelligent, knowledgeable, cultured, gentle, funny, and debonair Dr Gavin Swift. After a short courtship we got married, in fact, we decided to get married when she was in the first year of her articles as a candidate attorney. Coming from a secular Jewish family her parents did not really object to her marrying a Gentile. However, to iron out all potential wrinkles I volunteered to convert. That’s how I became Dr Josh, and eventually Prof Josh to my students. In the early blissful years of our marriage during the early 1990s, we lived in Isipingo Street in Bellevue several blocks away from Rockey Street, but within easy walking distance. It was also during that time that a wide swath of the old residential suburbs on the southern, western, and eastern perimeters of the inner-city of Jo’burg began to undergo rapid demographic changes. Following the white migration from the inner-city and also from the suburban peripheries of the inner-city, the residential vacancies, in houses and high rise apartment blocks, were rapidly filled by an influx of African, Coloured and Indian migrants, changing the racial profile of the previous all-white historical-heart of Jo’burg, the City of Gold. Historically, before the late-1980s, the peripheral suburbs surrounding the inner-city core of Jo’burg were once whites-only working and middle-class suburbs, due to segregation policies they had remained white for almost a hundred years. The above suburbs included Ophirton, Booysens, Haddon, Turffontein, Forest Hill, Kenilworth, Rosettenville, Jeppestown, Belgravia, Malvern, Bez Valley, Judith Paarl, Betrams, Doornfontein, Joubert Park, Braamfontein, Yeoville, Bellevue, Berea, Hillbrow, Mayfair, Fordsburg, Crosby, Brixton, Langlaagte, Westdene, and Triomf (previously Sophiatown). We too became one of those white families who migrated from a previously white suburb, which had become too ‘black’. We wanted to start a family as soon as possible and so we started looking for a  home in a  more ‘suitable’ suburb (Jewish) in the north of Jo’burg. However, Millicent’s father informed us that there was a 5 000 m2 vacant stand hidden at the end of a cul de sac bordering the Klipriviersberg Nature Reserve in Mondeor. The property belonged to a deceased estate, which was intestate. On his prompting, we bought it for a very reasonable price. He was very attached to Millicent and I don’t think he was keen on her move to the north. Listening to Philip Tabane & Malombo: Phamba Madiba. I will for now continue with the story of my life before I met and married Millicent. But first, let us fast forward into the future. In the year 2023, I turned 58. I had been waiting for days on end for Zhang to fetch me so that Gazala and I could be reunited in China. Remember this bit of information. Now let us go back to the very beginning.
2.
As an only child, I grew up in Witfield, a white middle-class suburb in Boksburg. After completing my primary school education at Martin School in Boksburg North, my secular, churchless, and religionless, but gentle and kindly parents, who had married really late in life, had become sufficiently well off to send me to Damelin College, which in those days was located in a building called the Damelin Centre, on the corner Hoek Street and Plein Street, in the Jo’burg CBD, close to Park Station. My father worked nearby as a draughtsman for the Anglo-American Corporation at 44 Main Street and we travelled together in the mornings by train to Park Station from Boksburg Station. Most afternoons, after school I travelled back alone to Boksburg, and my mother would fetch me from the station. We did not have a maid, my mom did all the washing, cooking and housework. I grew up in a clean, well-ordered, and loving home, wanting for nothing, enjoying a carefree and untroubled childhood, with my nose mostly stuck in comics and books. My teenage years were much the same. During my high school years at Damelin College, I mixed mainly with kids who were from the outlying northern and eastern suburbs of Johannesburg (Jo’burg). As a result, I gradually morphed into a Jo’burg boy. Jo’burg had become transfused into my blood. My parents who were teetotallers, and also bookworms, lived cautious, dutiful, and law-abiding lives. Every December during the Christmas Holidays we went on our annual two-week caravan holiday to the South Coast, camping at the same Amanzimtoti caravan park under the same giant mango tree behind the same bushy dunes teeming with vervet monkeys, boomslangs and green mambas. 
3.
I grew up to be like my parents dutiful, cautious and always conforming to the rules. They were the most important people in my life. I had never done anything rebellious or went against their wishes or advice, but a tragic event, the death of Dr Neil Aggett in 1982 changed all that. At the time, I was in standard 10. Dr Neil Aggett’s death in detention did not escape my attention. How could it? The day after his death, his photograph, an iconic portrait of an intense-looking young man with long dark hair and beard, a medical doctor and trade unionist, was boldly emblazoned on the front page of the Star Newspaper that my dad had brought home. My mom said his photograph reminded her of Che Guevara. Who was Che Guevara I asked? My dad explained that Che Guevara and Fidel Castro were the leaders of the revolution which overthrew the Batista regime in Cuba, and Che Guevara was eventually murdered by the CIA in Bolivia. It eventually transpired that Neil Aggett had been murdered by the security police while in detention at John Vorster Square. I read the article and followed all the subsequent newspaper reports. When it was announced in the newspaper that his funeral service was scheduled for 11.30 am on Saturday the 13th of February at the Anglican Cathedral, Church of St Mary the Virgin, on the corner of De Villiers and Hoek Street in Johannesburg, I informed my parents that I wished to attend his funeral. This was something that came out of the blue for them. They gaped at me in complete astonishment. Typical of my dad, his cautious response was: ‘I don’t think that is advisable.’ My mother chipped in: ‘Your father is right, I agree with him, I don’t think it is advisable.’ I stunned them when I firmly informed them that I was indeed going and that there was nothing that they could do to stop me. Not another word was said on the matter. My parents were timid and gentle people, they were incapable of harming anyone intentionally. I was their most precious gem. That Saturday morning I got up early, showered, shaved, polished my black school shoes, put on a white school shirt, got dressed up in the tie and suit that had been bought for special occasions like weddings. I said goodbye to my parents before walking off to Boksburg Station from Witfield. I was not angry with them, I actually felt bad, I also felt sorry for them, I did not want to hurt them, but this was something I had to do. And strangely enough, they realized that and they had the wisdom not to stop me or threaten me. It was to their credit because it deepened my love for them. Nothing could have prepared me for what I was about to experience in the Cathedral. There was only a very small minority of white faces, excluding Neil Aggett’s parents and family. The majority of mourners were black. I sat pressed between black mourners in the middle of a pew in the middle of the cavernous Cathedral that was crowded to overflowing. And the dancing in the aisles, and the singing, and the waving of raised fists, transported me into a realm, into a world I could never have imagined existing as a white schoolboy. And I wept freely with no shame during the service. After the church service, I marched shoulder to shoulder with the 15 000 strong singing mourners behind the ANC flag-draped coffin which was carried all the way from the Cathedral on the shoulders of many volunteers to his final resting place at Westpark Cemetery. And I sobbed my heart out at the graveside when the crowds solemnly and with great dignity sang Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika. I was overwhelmed by the ethos and the pathos of the occasion. And then after Neil Aggett had been laid to rest I trudged back to Park Station, emotionally drained, in the company of a more subdued army of mourners. And on the way back they treated me as a comrade, and many shook my hand in the African manner, and they asked no questions as we made our weary way back to Park Station, all of us physically exhausted, and footsore. At the railway station, I entered the station concourse building through the entrance that was reserved for whites only, and they continued down the street around the block to the hidden non-white entrance. It was late in the afternoon, and twilight was approaching rapidly when I entered the silent and empty vastness of the Park Station concourse, making my way down the stairs onto the dimly lit platform. 
4.
On the platform stood two teenage girls, they had their ice skating boots hanging around their necks. I recognized them. We had been in the same primary school class from grade 1 to standard 5. They had spent the day ice-skating at the Carlton Centre. They were Kamilla Galambos, who had a dark-toned Indo-Aryan-Romani complexion, long raven black hair, big brown eyes, slutty and strikingly beautiful, whose parents had arrived in South Africa from Hungary in 1956. Her friend was Alžběta Hasek, who had long platinum blond hair, blue eyes, wanton and pretty, whose parents had arrived in South Africa from Czechoslovakia in 1968, and they both stayed in Witfield in the same street, in the street of my parent’s home, where I too lived. During our primary schools years, we had been close friends, the pair of them had spent many school holidays and weekends at my home. In the winter July holidays, we often spent the whole day in our lounge reading comics and playing board games. I had boxes of comics that my dad had collected. It was an eccentric hobby of his. During the summer on Saturdays or Sundays, we often walked together to the ERPM swimming pool, spending carefree sun-drenched summer days under cloudless cobalt vaulted skies swimming together and lying on the warm concrete slabs in our wet costumes deeply engaged in the conversational world of adolescent kids. Eurythmics: Love is a stranger. I had been in love with Kamilla from I don’t know when. After exchanging greetings, Kamilla asked: ‘What's up with the suit?’ I told them that I had been to Neil Aggett’s funeral and that I had marched in a long winding phalanx. I told them how I was swept along, as if I was being carried away in the current of a mighty river, with thousands of black mourners, who were chanting, singing, holding placards and flags, and were waving a sea of clenched fists in the air. I told them about the tumultuous sound of countless heavy footsteps tramping in unison on hard tar all the way to Westpark Cemetery and back to Park Station. They both stared at me, eyebrows raised, eyes enlarged for increased dramatic effect, mouths gaping in exaggerated amazement. ‘What the fuck! Who is Neil Aggett?’ Kamilla exclaimed. I took out a copy of the funeral service programme from my jacket pocket. I unfolded it and showed it to them. Their brows furrowed, their expressions one of confused perplexity, they, in turn, examined the programme before giving it back to me. It turned out that it would be too long a story in trying to explain everything to them while on the train journey back to Boksburg. To them, my attendance at the funeral did not make any sense. It was dark when we walked back from Boksburg Station to Witfield. I gallantly offered to carry their ice skating boots. They both lit up cigarettes. I declined when they offered me a cigarette. We walked along Comet Road in the dark, beneath the spreading canopies of massive ancient oak trees that bordered the road, loaded with the late summer bounty of acorns. The road, bathed in the diffuse yellowish glow of street-lamps, guided our journey through the infamous suicide bend, a sharp right-angled anti-clockwise or leftwards bend (direction northwards on the compass), wrapping itself around the sprawling EPRM workshops, giant corrugated clad hulks, which lay hidden behind a high corrugated fence. Coming out of the bend the road straightened for a short stretch before gently swooping rightwards (general direction still northwards) making a generous and curvaceous swing past the mine admin buildings on the left, and the recreation hall, gold assay labs and the single men’s quarters on the right. The famous but dangerous S bend ended at the robot intersection with the more famous Main Reef Road. 
I need to mention that wedged between the various mine buildings, mine dumps and headgears, were the characteristic West, Central and East Rand suburban enclaves consisting of tight rows of semi-detached corrugated iron mine houses with their small backyards, tiny front gardens and wire gauzed verandas and entrance porches. They housed the white working class, the carpenters, electricians, fitters and turners, plumbers, welders, assorted mechanics, shift bosses and skippers, who worked on the mines of the Witwatersrand. Yellow mine dump, whitish slime dams, and towering steel headgears straddling the vertical mine shafts of Angelo, Cason, Hercules and Cinderella were familiar features of the Boksburg residential urbanscape. Mine cages were used to convey miners up and down the vertical mineshafts. Ore was transported up the vertical shaft using skips. Skippers operated the overhead winches for the lifting and lowering of cages and skips. 
I must also mention that I travelled daily from our home in Witfield to the Boksburg Station along this route while I was at Damelin High School and during my undergraduate years at the University of the Witwatersrand. Crossing at the robot intersection, we continued along the oak-lined road, which cut the ERPM golf course into two halves. On our left, shadowed in darkness was the ERPM swimming pool situated on the corner of Main Reef and Comet Road. If one turned left into Main Reef Road, it would take you past Angelo Mine and the old Angelo Hotel on its way to Germiston and Johannesburg. For the three of us, this last leg of our night journey was also a journey down memory lane as Kamilla reminded us. It was along this road that we had once frequently walked to the ERPM swimming pool before the parting of our ways at the end of primary school and the beginning of high school. They went to Boksburg High and I ended up going to Damelin College in Johannesburg. The last time we were together as a threesome was in 1977 which was five years ago. We were twelve years old then and in standard five. At that time, all three of us were crossing that psychosexual threshold of metamorphosis, which had been orchestrated by surging floods of sex hormones coursing through our bodies. I began to experience intense and pleasurable rushes of erotic arousal due to the action of overactive glands and raging ganglia that were often triggered by the bodily closeness of Kamilla. On one memorial occasion, we were sitting close together on the sofa in our lounge. Alžběta was lying on the carpet on her stomach, her elbows supporting her hands and wrists on which her head was propped while she read a comic. Kamilla and I were sharing a classical comic, The Iliad, it was lying open on my lap and her thigh was pressed against mine. I was fully erect and felt pleasurably overwhelmed by the physical closeness of her body. Of course, she had no idea what effect she was having on me. In the change rooms before and after swimming at school, pubic hair was ubiquitous and dangling flaccid penises were expanding to full measure, and it was a time when boys speculated about the phenomenon of sex. I had been circumcised as an infant and it seemed that more than fifty percent of the boys in our standard five class had also been circumcised. The three of us all lived in Edward Street across the road from Witfield Lake or Dam. It was a beautiful warm night, bats were flittering about, the frogs were croaking and the crickets were chirping. We spoke for a while about old times while standing under a lamppost in the street, moths and beetles swarmed under the light. It felt like I had made a promising re-connection with Kamilla that could develop into something romantic.
5.
It was after eight o’clock when I arrived back home. Dad and mom were waiting anxiously for me in the lounge. They had watched the 8.00 pm news and were now fully appraised regarding the funeral. My mom hugged me, made me sit down at the dining room table, fetched my food from the warming draw, and generally made a huge fuss. My parents had shown grace towards me, and profound faith in me, when they did not stop me from going to the funeral. They were old. My mother was forty-something when she gave birth to me. They could sense that I had been through a life-changing experience. It must have been written on my face and evident in my deportment. Sitting by the dining table, facing me while I ate, they listened in sombre silence without interrupting me as I told them everything in dramatic detail, from the beginning to the end. I tried to explain what it felt like being there, searching for words that would capture the atmosphere and the mood, inside the cathedral, and during the march, and at the graveside. Of course, I had been deeply touched in the depths of my soul. Neil Aggett was now my hero. I told them about solidarity – it was a new word that I had learnt. I told them that the blacks had accepted me and that I did not feel the least bit uncomfortable for one single moment. I told them about the blatant waving of illegal flags and the brazen unfurling of long banners celebrating the banned ANC and the South African Communist Party. I must have spoken for an hour, at the end of which I was completely exhausted, my legs felt like lead from all the walking, after a hot bath I climbed into bed and fell immediately into a deep sleep and Kamilla filled my dreams. 
6.
That Sunday, the whole day, Kamilla was on my mind. By the end of the week, I had fallen in love with her. After another two lovesick weeks, I built up enough courage to phone Kamilla when my dad was still at work and my mom had driven off somewhere. In a manner of speaking the ship had already sailed, she was going out with some other guy. Anyway, my love for Kamilla did not wane. Months passed by, and then in early September, she phoned me out of the blue. I did not know it, but she was on the rebound after having broken up with her boyfriend. She became my first girlfriend, a relationship that lasted until the New Year. Those months were filled with bouts of heavy petting on Friday nights and weekends in her parents’ lounge or at some party in Boksburg, usually held in the garage. Then there was the night of the Matric Ball, held at the Boksburg Town Hall. After the function, we went to an all-night pool party at someone’s home in Parkdene. We all donned our bathing costumes and gathered around the pool in the backyard. The pool light was on, a braaivleis was underway, and music was playing. There was a huge galvanized steel tub packed with ice and beers and cold drinks. Bottles of champagne arranged in rows on a nearby table packed with long-stemmed plastic champagne glasses. The HiFi stereo sound system connected to an electrical extension cable began to pump out the music of the rapidly fading 1970s disco era. The year was 1982, and the sounds of the discotheque were going to be the vibe for the party. Because of my murmuring heart, I would be starting university in the new year, whereas the overwhelming majority of the virile lads with their strong hearts, gathered around the pool in their bathing trunks, slugging back beer, would be doing their two-year military service, vir fokken volk en land (for fucken folk and land). Kamilla having swopped her ball gown for a bathing suit in one of the bedrooms emerged through the kitchen door into the pool patioed backyard wearing a black bikini under her T-shirt. Towel hanging around my neck I was already in my Speedo standing at the edge of the translucent neon-blue lit pool on the far side away from the milling boisterous crowd. Corks flew into the air from cracking bottles of champagne, beer cans popped with an explosive phzzz, and Kamilla joining me asked: ‘Should we swim?’ And the voice of Donna Summer’s ‘I Feel Love’ began to caress the warm velvet night. We swam intertwining our bodies, arms, and legs like copulating porpoises. Later that night, me still sober (one can of beer), Kamilla slightly inebriated (two glasses of champagne), we snuck away to the privacy of a gazebo covered in vines, hidden away in a bushy corner of the front garden. Our mouths and tongues feasting voraciously, my hand caressing her vulva with curious fingers, first the index and then both indexes slipped into Kamilla’s moist and very hot vagina. After a sudden deep-throated intake and release of hot champagne-flavoured breath, she began moaning softly. Her warm cheek pressed against mine, she whispered: ‘You can fuck me if you have FLs.’ I did not have any FLs and I never again had the opportunity to fuck Kamilla, before she went back to her old boyfriend. Dear reader in my erotic fantasies for the rest of my life I have revisited that night, time and time again, and I have fucked Kamilla in my imagination a million times without ever reaching the level of satiation I could have achieved on that night of wild love. I have lived with a lifelong regret of not having fucked Kamilla. To me, she was the hottest woman on earth. I would never know what it would have felt like to fuck her. I had learnt a lesson, from that day onwards whenever I was with a girl I was always armed with a condom in my pocket. One never knows when it would be needed.
7.
During the year of my matric, Neil Aggett’s funeral had opened up the doors of my own political enlightenment, especially with regard to my parents. Stuff that I would never have otherwise known about them became disclosed. It was during that year that my dad said that neither he nor my mother had ever supported or believed in apartheid. In fact, they were both adamantly opposed to apartheid and the Nationalist Party government. On learning about their political views, I saw them in a new and positive light, and because of this, I developed a new deeper respect and love for my parents. They were definitely not like the parents of my school friends. This also explained why they were not outgoing or sociable and their reluctance to socialize in general with neighbours or the broader white community in which they happened to be embedded because of the force of circumstances. Furthermore, my dad admitted that following his exposure to members of the Communist Party of South Africa (CPSA) before the Second World War and during the War, when serving with volunteers in the South African forces in North Africa, amongst whom there were also members of the CPSP, coming under their influence, he seriously considered joining the CPSA, especially after the War had ended. During the War, he became a member of the Springbok Legion and through his membership, he also became acquainted with other young men who also happened to be communists. Attempts were made to recruit him into the Communist Party. Before the War from his communist acquiesces, he had learnt about Fanny Klenerman and the Vanguard Bookshop. He often visited the bookshop, which was on the second floor of Hatfield House in Eloff Street. He also frequented Solomon’s Bookshop owned by Mr Solomon who was a Russian Jew. Later Fanny Klenerman’s shop was moved to Warwick House at 51 Von Brandis Street where it occupied a larger ground floor space. After the War, the bookshop was pressurized to find alternative premises. It then relocated to another building at 28 Joubert Street. It was originally a dilapidated building, which the Johannesburg Building Society (JBS) had restored for the rental of shop and office space. At its new premises, which turned out to be a good location, it occupied the space on the ground or street level and the basement level below. A neon sign emblazing ‘Vanguard Booksellers Pty Ltd’ was put up to advertise the shop. Here during the post-War years, the shop flourished, enjoying huge support from the political Left community of Johannesburg. But unfortunately, once more they were forced to move, the shop being located at a site that had developed into a prime business location meant that rentals could be increased and clients with deeper pockets could be attracted to rent shop and office space. They set up shop close by in Commissioner Street in 1966 the year in which I was born and the year in which Verwoerd was assassinated. Unfortunately, in 1974 Vanguard Booksellers was forced to close, as it could no longer be sustained as a going concern, bringing an end to an era.
8.
My mom arrived in Johannesburg in 1942 from Beira. After finding employment as a seamstress in the garment industry she joined the Garment Workers' Union of South Africa (GWU). Like my father, as a young woman, she was also exposed to members of the CPSA and developed a favourable view towards the communists. She expressed her admiration for Solly Sachs who was the general secretary of the GWU. Towards the end of the 1950s, the garment manufacturer she was working for went bankrupt. She walked the streets of Johannesburg looking for work. She tried to find work as a lady's clothing sales assistant or admin clerk at the OK Bazaars on the corner of Pritchard and Eloff Street, and at John Orr’s Department Store on Pritchard Street, and also at Stuttafords on the corner of Rissik and Pritchard Streets. But had no luck. She eventually got a job as a factory worker with Levers Brothers. The company had opened a factory in Boksburg in 1955. The tiny flat she moved into in Boksburg was a light powder blue coloured two storey building on the corner of Railway and Comet Streets. It was owned by a Greek café owner whose shop also formed part of the building. Across the road from the Greek’s café were a bicycle shop and a Portuguese fish and chips café. She bought a bicycle as her means of transport to get to work, which happened to be several kilometres away at the eastern end of Commissioner Street. As serendipity would have it, my father was renting a tiny house on the corner of Elm and North Avenue just around the block from the fish and chips café. Clifford Swift and Maria Sánchez kept on bumping into each other at the Greek or the Portuguese café while buying bread or milk or fish and chips, and she took a liking to the shy man and he, in turn, could not hide his infatuation for her. And their first topic of conservation: How they both had grown to enjoy the clickety-clack sounds of passing trains at night. After a long courtship, they got married in 1961 at a civil ceremony officiated at the Boksburg magistrate's court. She was 38 and he was 41, and they were both comfortable with not having children. Anyway, she fell pregnant and I was born in 1966 when she was 43 years old. 
9.
I am not quite finished with the Vanguard Booksellers saga. On that, Sunday afternoon after reading about the life and death of Neil Aggett in the Sunday newspapers, my dad retrieved two cardboard boxes from the bottom of a built-in cupboard in the spare room and opened it on the lounge carpet. It was packed with books on politics and philosophy, which he said I could have. He would organize a bookshelf for me in my room. His favourite author on politics was Mikhail Alexandrovich Bakunin. He had copies of Bakunin’s ‘God and the State; Statism and Anarchy; Marxism, Freedom and the State’. Both of us were kneeling on the carpet. I flipped through the pages while he rummaged through the boxes. He kept on saying that there were other important books, which I should read. He was searching for some particular book that he considered to be very important indeed, mainly because it expounded quite thoroughly on what Bakunin was saying. He eventually found the book, it was Robert Michels’ ‘Political Parties: A Sociological Study of the Oligarchical Tendencies of Modern Democracy’. I also flipped through the pages of Michel’s book on oligarchical tendencies. I was 17 years old. All this stuff was Greek to me. But that was not what was important. I was awe-struck by the fact that my father had these books and knew about political stuff, which I could never have imagined. My dad and my mom knew about Marx, socialism, communism and trade unions. And they were both anti-apartheid and against the ruling Nationalist Party. In my mind, they were on the same page as the protesters and trade union speakers at Neil Aggett’s funeral. My mother brought in a tray with the tea and a plate of biscuits she had baked. It was her turn to say something. What she said was simple: ‘Apartheid is evil. I know what it feels like to be black in South Africa.’ I remembered the words: ‘she is as dark as a Moor’. All the books had little stamps or little stickers on the inside of the front cover: Vanguard Booksellers Pty Ltd 28 Joubert Street. All the serious books on the bookshelves in our home, books by Musil, Mann, Dostoevsky, Gogol, Gorky, Tolstoy, Kafka, Updike, and Hemingway and so on, also had the same address stamp or sticker. My dad had bought them over many years from Fanny Klenerman’s bookshops a venue frequented by the liberal and Left-wing intelligentsia of Johannesburg, not to mention the Trotskyites and Anarchists. The Who - Won't Get Fooled Again, 1978. What does it feel like to be black in apartheid South Africa? 
10.
During my undergraduate years between 1983 and 1985, I involved myself in various Wits student-initiated protest actions, which were linked to the United Democratic Front (UDF) programme of mass protest action. At the height of the people’s war in 1989 with my PhD done and dusted there were no jobs, South Africa had just slipped into recession. Abdullah Ibrahim playing: Mannenberg. I was pressed for money and that was when I made my brief sally into the world of business as a sales rep while waiting for something better to come along. It was while I was repping that Dr David Webster a senior lecturer in the Department of Social Anthropology at Wits who was deeply involved in activist work was assassinated outside his home in Troyeville in May 1989. I also went to his funeral service which was also held at the Anglican Saint Marys Cathedral. Again, I found myself weeping freely and uncontrollably at the funeral service in the Cathedral. Sitting around me were the VIP dignitaries including ambassadors from various foreign embassies who also wept. It was a moving service. The African Pioneer Jazz Band played while the women members of the Orlando Pirates football fan club dressed in their black buccaneer T-shirts danced and toy toyed up and down the main aisle waving their fists in the air, the atmosphere while heavy with grief was also strangely festive at the same time. Johnny Clegg delivered the eulogy. Once again, I marched shoulder to shoulder with masses to Westpark Cemetery. Once again, I cried and sobbed as we marched in the funeral procession. My clenched fist raised in the air. My heart ached bitterly. After Johnny Clegg’s passing in July 2019 following his struggle with pancreatic cancer Millicent and I went to his memorial service, which turned out to be a memorial celebration of Johnny Clegg’s life as an artist and musician at the Sandton Convention Centre. Again, I wept freely. Millicent also sobbing and whipping her eyes constantly. Neil Aggett, David Webster and now Johnny Clegg, it felt like I had spent my life weeping. It was the same with Chris Hani’s assassination, I followed the funeral on TV, and again I wept with deep sorrow while I watched the funeral proceedings. With the deaths of Neil Aggett, David Webster and Chris Hani something also died in me, but also something was reborn in my heart. They were heroes of hope. And I followed the last days of Joe Slovo also with feelings of sadness and compassion, and I also wept as I watched his funeral on TV. Now as I write while listening to the lyrics of Johnny Clegg’s ‘Asimbonanga’ I hear him name the names of our struggle heroes…Steven Biko…Victoria Mxenge…Neil Aggett…’ and all the others, the memories and the heavy pathos of those times still move me deeply. And how often, especially when I have been in the grip of melancholy, have I replayed Abdullah Ibrahim’s ‘Mannenberg’? I also once played Mannenberg to my dad and mom, and they listened for the entire 13.40 minutes. During my undergraduate years at Wits, my mom would every now again ask: ‘Please play that Mannenberg again for us.’ Abdullah Ibrahim had touched something deep in her own soul. Was it the Moor? And they would both listen intently, the two of them, in the lounge in Witfield, in Boksburg. What were they thinking, what were they feeling? And I would let the tape run and we would listen to the next track: ‘African Herbs’. Where did this stirring and hypnotic music come from?  Then we listened to the next track: ‘Soweto Is Where It's At’. Of course, the piano was foundational, but it was blended and fused with Marabi piano, and also with the classical piano and church hymns, and if you listened carefully you could hear Sufi chanting and Indonesian and drumming traditional Xhosa music mingled with ancient San and Khoi musical elements, not to mention European folk, both regimental and parlour music, and Boer Langarm dance band music, and Kwela (pennywhistle) music and Mbaqanga (township jive) music, and Cape Malay ‘Christmas choirs’ music, and Cape Nagtroepe, and carnival music, and the bass guitar, and the drums, and the perpetual wailing of the trumpets and saxophones, and the syncopated beat holding it all together, this whole arrangement created by the supreme genius and master jazz improviser, Abdullah Ibrahim. This was the music played at Neil Aggett’s funeral, the music which always brings tears to my eyes and joy to my heart. A full hour of Abdullah Ibrahim would go by before my mom got up to make tea.
11.
Who was I in terms of ethnicity? This question could not be answered. I can only imagine who I was then and who I am now. If I had an original identity, say a birth identity, it was one that was completely amorphous. I was not a native of any country, meaning I had no discernible ‘over-seas’ ancestral roots. I could not tell you where I came from with respect to my ancestral origins. I belonged to that diverse, heterogeneous and generally nebulous group of white people who are called English-speaking South Africans. The Queen and England meant nothing to us. The generation of white English-speaking South Africans into which I was born did not by any stretch of the imagination constitute a homogeneous ethnic group. Maybe I am speaking from the narrow perspective of my own personal world. This was the way I perceived the ‘community’ into which I had become inserted or thrown into as a consequence of the blind vicissitudes of history. We tended to be individualistic and often eccentric. We were a collection of diverse individuals bound together by the English language. We had no historically rooted culture to speak of! Nationalism, and even patriotism, was something completely foreign to us. This suited me just fine, I liked being different. Being different was important. I never wanted to be the same as everyone else.  I think this rule applied to all of us, to my generation anyway, to all who were born into the melting pot of the East Rand. We were diverse. We were descendants of British, Irish, Afrikaans, Dutch, German, French, Italian, Greek, Lebanese, Portuguese and Jewish parentages. Some of us were half Portuguese, half Italian, half Greek or half Lebanese. Some of us had quite dark Mediterranean complexions, an ancient touch of Africa in our bloodline. Born into the Republic of South Africa we were nothing more than a heterogeneous and diffuse mixture of the white working and middle-class ethnicities, who I suppose could be collectively classified as ‘white’ settlers, who had also become with time culturally disconnected from the British Empire, and the kind of ‘Englishness’ that goes with it. We had acquired our own sense of ‘being English’, which was an Englishness heavily infused and blended with all kinds of Americanisms. We belonged to that post-Second World War generation who happened to be born into the world of the turbulent 1960s. To sum up: We belonged to an English-speaking generation of white South Africans who had subsequently become to varying degrees Americanized through continual exposure to American mass culture transmitted across the Atlantic through the medium of the great American novel, movies, music and comics. As a group, we were not inordinately religious. It would not be inaccurate to characterize the generation of white English-speaking South Africans to which I belonged as being relatively more secular than religious. I had no religious or ethnic affiliations until I met Millicent. As a class of white English-speaking South Africans, soccer was our sport of choice. And we grew up reading American comics and our choice of immigration destination would have been the USA by default. America would have been our natural alternative home. We had been nurtured on a literary diet of Marvel, Batman, and Superman comics. Throughout my childhood right up until the end of adolescence America always seemed to be so vividly close even if it was in reality physically separated by a geographic divide of Atlantic Oceanic proportions. From the comics, I was familiar with all the everyday American words such as: soda, ketchup, drugstore, movies, gas, gas station, sweater and jelly and so on. Later in life, post-1994, the fetishization and essentialization of racial differences would become an obsession that one would have to deal with anew, ironically, given the passing of apartheid. There were indeed more important kinds of differences than racial identities. There were class differences and differences due to social stratifications. There were social hierarchies and social inequalities. There was the underlying class struggle shaping the course of history. Amongst the English-speaking whites’ passivity, complacency and complicity ruled. While growing up in the late 1960s and 1970s we lived a schizophrenic existence. The reality of white English-speaking South African youth during those times could be summed up as follows: When we grew up there was a complete absence of any kind of local media or popular mass culture whether it be in the form of music, film, books, magazine or comics which could articulate or express or mirror or reflect or construct or project or confirm a sense of identity and belonging. During our formative years in the 1960s and 1970s, we fell into a separate but distinctive heterogeneous enclave of whites who spoke English. To repeat, English was the cohesive glue, which held this amorphous white collective together. In terms of culture, our focus and imaginary construction of identity and belonging was not turned inwards upon ourselves, but rather outwards, externally to the dominant Anglo-American metropoles of the Northern Hemisphere, and because of this the form, content and substance of our sense of identity and belonging were constrained by impossible and unbridgeable distances. For example, instead of ever having the opportunity of experiencing live rock concerts where the Beatles, Rolling Stones or The Who played to mass audiences, we listened to their music on radios or tapes or records, a listening which was completely divorced from the live experience of a rock concert or the cultural ethos which gave rise to the music we enjoyed and which was an integral part of our lives. Culturally we lived impoverished lives. Our world was boring, banal, superficial and empty. Not knowing anything better from first-hand experiences this was the kind of life we were forced to endure as the progeny of white settlers who inhabited the world of the Global South.
12.
What changed me? I was born white and being born white, I inherited the sins of privilege and complicity, the sins of my settler forefathers whoever they may have been. How did I shed my white guilt? How was I liberated from the burden of being so privileged, and so advantaged, and so passively complicit in all kinds of historical wrongdoing? It was through none other than my father and my mother, yes, especially my mother, and also through Karl Marx, Mikhail Bakunin, and Pyotr Alexeyevich Kropotkin, the last of these three names became my inspiration during my undergraduate years. My mother without saying a word made me see the world through different eyes. And I must not forget Millicent. Millicent stripped away the illusions and the bullshit. During the late 1980s, I found the idea of Anarcho-Communism immensely appealing, especially as my scepticism grew regarding the possibilities of genuine political liberation in the de-colonized world of the Global South. It didn’t matter if you were black or white or from a rich or poor background if you were an Anarcho-Communist. And so the sloughing off of the old self and followed by the subsequent metamorphosis was also greatly facilitated by immersing myself in the student Leftist ethos (a very Jewish ethos) at Wits and also by becoming a faithful customer of De Jong’s Bookshop across the road from Wits. My parents were generous with pocket money. While wanting for nothing in the way of clothes, my wardrobe remained sparse and Spartan, all I had were two pairs of faded jeans, a few T-shirts, a windbreaker and two old jerseys (black and navy blue), a pair of takkies, and a draw filled with scants and socks. It was all I needed in the way of clothing. My mother made sandwiches for my lunch, so I spent all the money that I was given on books, books published by Progress Publishers, Moscow, printed in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, and imported by the crate load by Mr De Jong, the enigmatic Hollander. During my undergraduate years, I managed to purchase, read, metabolize and digest most of the key works of Marx: Economic and Philosophical Manuscripts of 1844, The Poverty of Philosophy, A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy, Critique of the Gotha Programme, The Holy Family and so on so forth. Courtesy of Penguin Classics, I manage to buy the bulky paperback edition of Marx’s Capital Volume 1 and Grundrisse at Campus Bookshop also across the road from Wits. I also managed to buy and read Edward Roux’s Time Longer than Rope. As an Anarcho-Communist, I was not in awe of the African National Congress (ANC) and the South African Communist Party (SACP), nor did I think much of the SACP’s two-stage theory of revolution or its conceptualization of colonialism of a special kind. Following a talk given at Wits by a journalist working for the Dutch branch of Amnesty International, I was left thoroughly disabused regarding the revolutionary and liberation credentials of the ANC and the SACP. And it did not matter if you were black or white or coloured or Indian or Chinese or Arab.



Chapter Two

1.
Between 1942 and 1958 my mom travelled each working day by tram to her place of work which was at a garment factory in Von Wielligh Street. After work, she caught the tramcar on Main Street. On her journey to her home in Malvern, the red double-decker tramcar travelled eastwards until it reached Berg Street. She preferred to sit in the front most seat on the upper deck, which gave her a grand unimpeded view of the passing scenes on her homeward journey. Rolling on the rail-line tracks the tramcar made a sharp ninety-degree right turn into Berg Street, travelling past Murray Park on the left until the intersection with Jules Street. At the robot (traffic lights) intersection, the tramcar made another sharp ninety-degree turn, this time to the left into Jules Street. Everybody knows that Jules Street was the longest straightest street in the world. It had twenty or more robots at the main intersections, all synchronized so that if you drove at the right speed you could pass through green lights from the one end to the other end of Jules Street. This was a well-known fact. At the east end, Jules Street ended in a fork, which marked the borders of a small suburb called Wychwood. At the west end, Jules Street ended at the intersection with the famous Main Reef Road. After the intersection with Jules Street, Main Reef Road becomes John Page Drive, which runs at an angle in a north-westerly direction. John Page Drive makes a series of branching fork-like intersections with Park Street (which becomes Anderson Street), Marshall Street, and Main Street before merging with Commissioner Street. On the far western side of the inner-city after passing under the double-decker of the De Villiers Graaff Motorway the two main streets cutting through the inner-city, Marshall and Commissioner Street, merge with the iconic Main Reef Road which continues on its westwards journey mapping the outer contours of the original gold-bearing conglomerate rocky outcrop which in 1886 following the discovery of gold resulted in the birth of the City of Jo’burg.  
2.
My mother lived alone in a one-bedroom apartment in Wone Court at number 344 Jules Street, Malvern. My mother was a curious person. She wondered why the small block of flats was called Wone Court. The word intrigued her. The word was not in the English dictionary. Someone said she should read Chaucer. She read The Canterbury Tales by Chaucer and found a verse containing the word wone: ‘To liven in delight was all his wone…’ She eventually established that it was an ancient English word no longer in use. As a noun, the medieval word ‘wone’ means abode, dwelling, or habitation. Used as a verb (wonen) it means to dwell or to abide. The etymology of wone and wonen can be summed up as follows: The words are linked to the Middle Dutch word wōnen, which in turn is related to the Old Dutch word wonon, and also to the Proto-West Germanic wunēn, which comes from the Proto-Germanic word wunāną, and which was ultimately derived from the Proto-Indo-European word wenh₁, which means to wish or to love. The Afrikaans verb ‘woon’ also means to live in or to dwell in. The Afrikaans noun ‘woning’ means home, dwelling, or abode. A Heideggerian-orientated concern with the existential significance of the architecture of human habitation necessarily revolves around the notion of building a building or a shelter as that special place for the furthering of ‘human well-being’. Wishing and loving and living and hoping and dwelling or abiding are interlocking words that working together have much to do with the significance of time and place and space, especially with respect to the attainment of the fullness and depth of human well-being. The old English word ‘dwellan’, from which the word dwell originates, also carries the meaning of straying from the path or being led astray. It also shares its roots and meaning with the Afrikaans word ‘dwaal’ which means to become lost or to stray from the path or to lose one’s way. To become lost or to stray from the path also means to lose one’s way in regard to finding one’s home, which is also a place where one dwells. Living and loving and wishing and hoping involves finding one’s way or place, and also not straying from the right path. This was my mother’s homespun philosophy. More to be said about this shortly. Going back to losing one’s way or straying from the path, there is also the Old Norse word dvelja, which shares etymological roots with words such as dwellan, dwaal and dwell, also carries the Heideggerian meaning of remaining or staying where one is. To dwell also means to stay on the right path and not to stray from that path or place in one’s life. These were the lessons, which I learnt from my dad and mom. The meaning of to dwell also extends to doing the right thing, which also entails wishing and hoping for the good, including love. My mother ‘strayed’ from Beira because she wanted to find her place in the world, a place where she could live the right kind of life, a life in which she could stay on the right path, a life of dwelling or abiding in the right place. My mother’s abode was at Wone Court in Jules Street. It was there that she spent some of the best years of her life second only to her abode in Witfield. For her, Beira could never be home. My mother was ‘thrown’ into the world. In Heidegger’s book ‘Being and Time’ he speaks about Dasein as being a person’s way of being open to their existence which included the disclosure of one’s place or the finding of oneself in a world, a world that already exists as a specific kind of place in time and space. The German word ‘Befindlichkeit’ has also been used by Heidegger in the sense of finding oneself in the state of having been thrown into a world. This is what is meant by our condition of being or existing in a state of ‘thrownness’. The key word here is ‘finding’. We find ourselves or discover ourselves always in a state of thrownness. It is in this way or mode of being-in-the-world that we discover or find ourselves. Finding one’s way in the world, finding one’s place of abode or dwelling space includes finding oneself in a world not of one’s own making. According to my mother, the word ‘find’ or how one finds oneself in the world corresponds to the use of the Spanish expression ‘encontrarse’, which means to find oneself in a situation or to be situated. To be in a situation affects how one feels emotionally and physically. And in human life, we often find that we have no control or influence over the situations in which we find ourselves. Hence her expression regarding the use of the word ‘encontrarse’ was equivalent to being thrown into the world or living in a state of ‘thrownness’ and finding oneself in this state or situation of being-in-the-world. Finding oneself always involves making decisions. It also involves being resolute with respect to finding one’s path or the way in the face of life’s difficulties. Her leaving Beira had something to do with her wanting to gain control over her life or over her situation, which also included finding her place in the world where she wanted to be, a place where she could be happy and fulfilled, where she could be on the right path, where she could be in the right place, by finding that abode or dwelling where she could abide, a place where she could find that sense of well-being, emotionally and physically. My dad always said our surroundings affect us in more ways than we could imagine. Our surroundings define our situation. My mother agreed. Our surroundings affected us in all kinds of ways. Space and place and time affect our sense of well-being. My father explained that this was why architecture and geography and topography and landscape and urbanscape and town planning were so important for the enrichment and flourishing of human life. In Malvern, at the corner of Jules and Naiad Streets was where one could find the ‘Kinema’ and some distance to the east, next to the old Malvern Hotel at the corner of Jules and 19th Streets was the place which used to be the ‘Metropolis’. These were the two movie houses (also called bioscopes in South Africa) that my mom patronized over many years while living in Malvern. Like my dad, my mother was an avid movie-goer. 
3.
The suburb of Malvern was proclaimed in 1904. The land set aside for the new suburb fell within the boundaries of the farm called Doornfontein. Doornfontein was one of the original farms from which the City of Johannesburg emerged. It was in the streets of the inner-city and in Malvern that my mother encountered the subcultures of white masculinities which broadly characterized youthful South African males of the 1940s and 1950s who happened to be from white working-class backgrounds. Her perceptions were from the perspective of a highly intelligent outsider or foreigner. She noticed that they observed distinctive and identifiable codes of dress and hairstyle. They were preoccupied with their appearance and management of image. They wore Jarman shoes, stovepipe pants or jeans, leather jackets and they constantly combed their Brylcreem plastered hair into the popular Ducktail Style. According to my mom, they were all uneducated, loved to party at ‘sessions’, play pinball machines in cafés, ride motorbikes, visit roadhouses, read comics, spend their leisure time in billiard halls and bars, and frequent bioscopes. They adopted and adapted their style and slang from Western and American gangster movies. James Dean, Marlon Brando and Elvis Presley provided the macho role models which they idolized and imitated. While she enjoyed listening to the new rock-n-roll music of Bill Haley and the Comets, Eddie Cochran, Little Richard, Chubby Checker, Chuck Berry and Elvis Presley she filtered the music differently from the Ducktail gangs or the prevailing cultural norms of the white South African youth. The same with the movies. As my mom said, you have to listen to the music and watch movies with educated ears and eyes. And you can only become educated by reading about the music and the movies. Before 1948, the possibilities for inter-racial mixing and socialization had not yet been fully criminalized through legislative fiat. Hence, multi-racialism and inter-racial mixing within various social settings remained open for exploration. However, that door was shut after the Nationalist Party won the 1948 elections. During the 1950s, stringent apartheid racial segregation and urban racial zoning reinforced racist mindsets and attitudes that were prevalent in the white youth and young adults of South Africa. By the end of the 1950s all urban ‘black spots’ within Johannesburg were cleared, and as a consequence of this, especially on the social side Jo’burg became a city for whites only. After 1948, my mother lived in fear and dread that her racial status would become an issue. In her own words, because she happened to be on the dark side, she had to ‘stick to the straight and narrow path’ which meant that outside of work she avoided all contact or socialization or friendships with whites. Her only friends were with women in the garment trade union movement and on the left-wing fringe of South African politics.
4.
Many of the old familiar street names have now vanished, streets such as Langermann Drive, Milner Crescent, Roberts Avenue and Market Street, have been erased from the cartography of Jo’burg. In a psycho-geographical sense, they continue to exist in another realm of reality, in the mindscapes and the dreamscapes supervening on the brains of whites. Market Street together with Commissioner Streets has enjoyed a longevity in the white imagination that goes back to the birth of the municipality of Jo’burg in the 1890s. Wired into my own brain are all the streets of Johannesburg, their names, locations and intersections. I too can form an imaginary mindscape of the cartographies of an urban past, which no longer exists. I can create a mental travelogue and take you on an imaginary journey into the past. In this imaginary cartography, kilometres of shining sunlit tramcar rail lines form the silvery lining of a spider’s web, a web that stitches together the network of streets and places, thereby meshing the central core of the inner-city with its surrounding outlying suburbs. In some streets, shiny exposed stretches of the original tram rail-line remain embedded in the tar-like chrome beading in the sunlight. In 1906, all horse-drawn trams previously deployed by the Johannesburg and Suburban Tramway Co. Ltd in 1891 were electrified. By 1925, hundreds of kilometres of overhead-electrified cables had been strung up along all the tramcar travel routes throughout Jo’burg. Bright red coloured double decker trams rolled along the network of rail-lines embedded in the tarred streets, all converging onto the Jo’burg inner-city from the surrounding suburbs. The tram rail-lines eventually spanned a total distance of 136 km, along which about 191 trams circulated, transporting their passengers to and fro, between departures and destinations. By 1939, the number of tramcars had grown to 242. All the electrified trams were eventually decommissioned in 1961. Over the space of many decades, my father had compiled albums in which he has preserved his own photographic cartography and travelogue of the city. In his photographic albums of the tramcar routes, each street has been given its own unique memorial landmark, to whose existence my mother could attest in her capacity as a tramcar travelling junkie. Not saddled with family or friends she devoted her weekend to tramcar travelling. Traveling by tram to different movie theatres or embarking on a tramcar journey for the sheer pleasure of sightseeing. She had visited every bioscope in Jo’burg, including the old Regent bioscope (bioscope was the name used for cinema or movie house) which used to be on the corner of Langermann Drive and Queen Street. And the Gem bioscope in Kensington which used to be at the top of Roberts Avenue, opposite the Oribi Hotel, on the border of the suburb called Fairview. Further, down, where Roberts Avenue becomes Market Street, after passing through Fairview into Troyeville the legendary gabled façade of the old Regal movie house still stands at the corner of the Apollonia and Market Street or Albertina Sisulu Street. 
5.
The generations of whites that used to sustain the life of these movie theatres have long since gone, replaced by the influx of new communities who have migrated into the city’s suburbs from the surrounding black townships, rural areas and from almost every country in Africa. The streets have become unkempt, weeds have sprung up from every crack in the pavements and gutters, and the houses all look derelict and decrepit. Yet each house has been a home for more than a century. Each home address has its own unique history. A history of the generations of occupants, who have lived, loved and died at each address. Who were they? Who remembers? Who cares? Who wants to know? What was their past like? What was it like to live on these streets during those bygone days? What was it like to be them? What was it like to feel what they were feeling at the time? We will never know. We can never know. We can try to re-imagine and reconstruct the past through multiple forms of media and documentation such as the novel, the movie or social history research. But it will be nothing more than a representation of our construction of the past. Nothing more than a convenient fiction. We can still travel through these neighbourhoods and wonder about their past. But we cannot time travel. Even the recent past remains a mystery. Read on!
6.
For a host of reasons, streets, places and spaces have been constantly renamed, and continued to be renamed for the umpteenth time even as I write. They have been renamed for political reasons, for poetic reasons, for historical reasons, for honouring someone and for reasons of rhetorical irony. We can see the rhetorical irony in the renaming of streets and places almost everywhere, throughout history. The rhetorical irony of renaming may be completely inadvertent. The history of renaming streets and places maps the ironic unfolding of history. In South Africa, we can find countless examples of this. Take for example the renaming of the Pretoria General Hospital. In 1967, following the 1966 assassination of Verwoerd by Dimitri Tsafendas the hospital was renamed the H F Verwoerd Hospital. In 1997, the hospital was renamed the Pretoria Academic Hospital. Finally, in 2008 it was correctly renamed the Steve Biko Academic Hospital. Steve Biko, a leader of the Black Consciousness Movement, was murdered by the apartheid security police. Of course, no one can deny that apartheid was an ideology of Whiteness or White Consciousness. Thus, the historical sequence of the hospital names Pretoria General Hospital-H F Verwoerd Hospital-Steve Biko Academic Hospital does not stand in an ideologically neutral relationship. In fact, they embody the very historical moments of a dialectical triad, documenting the ironical unfolding of a history which is not only peculiarly South African but also something belonging typically to the colonial and post-colonial history of the Southern Hemisphere, belonging in an exemplary fashion, especially with respect to the ironic naming and renaming of street, place and space. There is a certain black humour evident in all this renaming. Renaming is not only an act of erasure, or an act of remembrance, it also represents a kind of sacrilegious joking, an irreverent profanation of the past. Whites once considered Verwoerd a giant among men, a genius, a gifted visionary, and like granite, he stood immovable with regard to his belief in apartheid. Now no one wants to remember Verwoerd. There is nothing good to remember about him. Metaphorically, his corpse lies rotting on the trash heap of history. In reality, his ideas and beliefs have been condemned as rubbish to the dustbin of history. Emblematically, in the annals of colonialism, he now stands before the tribunal of reason, under the judgement of history, sentenced forever as the man who pursued an irrational folly, also indubitably an immoral folly, universally condemned as a crime against humanity. In the imagination, he now strikes a pathetic figure, someone timeously felled for the good of all, stabbed to death, his violent passing an occasion for righteous celebration by the oppressed victims of his racist policies. We find ourselves laughing, laughing with Tsafendas. And we wonder why no street or place or space has been renamed after Tsafendas our hero?  Why don’t we celebrate Tsafendas? He killed the architect of apartheid. He is our true hero. Following every renaming of a street, space and place we should whisper ‘Tsafendas’, to remind ourselves that his name still waits for its street and place and space. Whenever and wherever the wind blows, its invisible breath is felt in every street, place and place, and the rustling of leaves in the trees whisper ‘Tsafendas, Tsafendas, Tsafendas.’ Dear reader, I am writing these words in honour of Dimitri Tsafendas.
7.
On the original Johannesburg municipal street maps, it was Muldersdrift Road which linked the inner-city to the outlying rolling sparsely populated peri-urban agricultural holdings of Muldersdrift in the generally unpalatable bleak sour grasslands to the northwest of Jo’burg. It was renamed D F Malan Drive in honour Dr D F Malan who was the first prime minister of the Nationalist Party government that came into power following the 1948 elections. Dr Malan laid the foundations of the Nationalist Party government’s apartheid policies. He initially obtained a bachelor’s degree in theology at Victoria College in Stellenbosch (which eventually became Stellenbosch University), following which he was awarded a PhD in theology from the University of Utrecht in the Netherlands. On his return to South Africa, he was ordained as a minister in the Dutch Reformed Church (Nederduitse Gereformeerde Kerk, abbreviated NGK) and served in various churches before he began his political career in the Nationalist Party in 1914. During his ministry, he also visited Afrikaans speaking NGK congregations in what used to be the Belgian Congo, Northern Rhodesia and Southern Rhodesia. In 2001 D F Malan Drive was renamed Beyers Naudé Drive in honour of the anti-apartheid clergyman Dr Christiaan Frederick Beyers Naudé. Like Dr Malan, Dr Beyers Naudé was also an ordained minister in the Afrikaans NGK. Initially, he was member of a right-wing nationalist secret society called the Broederbond and also of the Nationalist Party. After the 1960 Sharpeville massacre, when 69 black protestors were shot dead by the police, he began to criticize the official Nationalist Party’s theological justification of apartheid. In 1963, he founded the anti-apartheid organization, which became known as the Christian Institute of Southern Africa. Between 1977 and 1984, he was ‘banned’ by the Nationalist Party government, meaning that he was technically placed under house arrest. The apartheid and post-apartheid cartographies of streets, places and names coincide with or are reflective of two opposing versions of Christian Theology and readings of the Christian Bible. One theology, the theology of Dr D F Malan and the Nationalist Party, is articulated in a politically hegemonic fashion as a pro-apartheid theology, a theology based on an ideologically committed reading of the Bible, a theology which justifies the inauguration and perpetration of a crime against humanity, a theology in which the Creator of the Universe is constructed or recruited as a complicit ally and alibi in the imposition of apartheid. As an anti-apartheid theology, Dr Beyers Naudé’s theology was in direct contradiction of the theology of the Nationalist Party. It was obvious that the pro-apartheid Nationalist Party’s theology was a false theology. This means that the white Christians who supported and voted for the apartheid policies of the National Party government must logically be false Christians or anti-Christians or even anti-Christs. In political practice, they are definitely anti-Jesus by all accounts. Are they blameworthy? Let the Christian Gospel speak: Matthew 25:31-46 (NIV), the parable of the sheep and goats:  “When the Son of Man comes in his glory, and all the angels with him, he will sit on his glorious throne. All the nations will be gathered before him, and he will separate the people one from another as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats. He will put the sheep on his right and the goats on his left. “Then the King will say to those on his right, ‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take your inheritance, the kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world. For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me.’ “Then the righteous will answer him, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?’ “The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’ “Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.’ “They also will answer, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?’ “He will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.’ “Then they will go away to eternal punishment, but the righteous to eternal life.” The above parable captures the kind of work and deeds done by Dr Beyers Naudé. 
8.
In the post-apartheid cartography Albertina Sisulu Road, having gobbled up many street names in its wake winds its way like a giant python from the east to the west across a vast conurbation. It stretches from the border of Bedfordview in the east to the very edge of the Krugersdorp CBD in the far west. The inner-city’s old Market Street had been swallowed up by Albertina Sisulu Road. It also divides the suburbs. Running eastward it marks the boundary of the southern border of Bezuidenhout Valley (Bez Valley) and Bertrams, and the northern boundary of Kensington. Bez Valley, Betrams and Kensington lie in the cradle of a densely wooded valley, a valley, which has been carved out over eons of time between two weathered parallel lying rocky ridges where leopards once roamed, and eagles nested, and dassies (rock hyrax) basked in the sun. Hidden deep in the crevice of the valley the perennial Jukskei River now flows trapped in a concrete-walled canal. Due to the physical constraints imposed by the geomorphology of the original landscape the Jukskei River has been forced to flow a circuitous route from it hidden source of coalescing streamlets decanting from the rocky ridges, which cut through the Jo’burg urbanscape. The river follows a winding path, flowing eastwards through Bez Valley and Bruma towards Gillooly’s Farm before turning northwards in a direction parallel to the N3 Eastern Bypass Highway, it pulls away from the highway flowing north-west towards Alexandra Township. From Alexandra Township, it continues its journey meandering on a north-westerly course, after passing the Buccleuch Interchange it turns sharply westwards snaking all the way past Diepsloot, continuing it meandering northwards course until it eventually merges with the Crocodile River which flows into Hartbeespoort Dam nestled among the foothills of the Magaliesberg Mountain range. 
9.
During the vacations in my undergraduate years, I worked as a research assistant for one Prof Ken Ashbury, an eccentric American who was a phycologist. We collected water samples all along the Jukskei and Crocodile Rivers and also from Hartbeespoort Dam. Through a process of culturing in liquid media and serial dilution and plating out aliquots onto a solid agar selective media in Petri dishes he isolated, cultured, characterized and identified new species of green freshwater algae. To some extent, he became a bit of an unorthodox mentor and devil’s advocate to me. He polluted my imagination with all kinds of erotic possibilities that were seemingly in the offing everywhere. In his late teens, he had been to the 1969 Woodstock Rock Festival. Often on a Monday morning, after a weekend of ‘jolling’ at various Jo’burg nightclubs and pubs, he would ask if I got lucky, meaning whether I got laid or ‘got-off’ which some chick. In today’s post- 1960s and 1970s world, he would definitely be classified as a sexual predator. There were perpetual rumours doing the rounds that he knocked this member of staff or that technician or that secretory or that postgrad or that sweet undergrad. It seemed that I was the only one missing out on the all sex that was there for the taking. I could not fathom what I was doing that was wrong when it came to getting laid? In my own estimate, I was not bad looking. I was friendly, talkative, witty, warm-hearted, and maybe even charming. Listening to Eruption – ‘I Can't Stand The Rain’ (12 Inch Version). What a song, what a voice, what a gorgeous woman. I love her. I know you got some sweet memories.
10.
Eurythmics – ‘Love Is A Stranger’. Politically I would categorize him as a left-wing libertarian, possibly an anarchist at heart. His audacious irreverence and unsparing scepticism had a life-enduring prophylactic effect on me regarding what he called the establishment, politics and politicians. There were echoes of Millicent in many of his views especially his unswerving lack of trust in politicians and belief in the inexorable inevitability of betrayal by politicians. Like Millicent, he argued that we can only trust reason and evidence. No matter what Millicent thought these were my values as well. For me, the rule of reason and evidence steered me politically to the Left, and to radical anarchism, whereas for Millicent the rule of reason and evidence were the foundation of her belief in the free market and liberalism. As you may have guessed, we spoke a lot about politics, especially South African politics, but also the politics of the world. This was the world of the 1980s. South Africa was on fire. Prof Ken (like Millicent) didn’t believe in worshipping any of the martyred political gods (his words) whoever they may have been or attempting to find incorrigible truth in the political teachings peddled by various political icons, living or dead (his words). Politicians could not be trusted, they were all incorrigible crooks and liars, and they were con artists, frauds, parasites. Full stop. End of debate! That was Prof Ken for you. Mother, should I trust the government? Fuck no! First principle of politics, don’t trust the government. Now in 2020, this lesson does not need in any re-learning. We have learnt that you cannot trust the government. On the count of trustworthiness, they have consistently betrayed us so regularly and so badly that we are now so truly fucked, so deep in the shit, that I think we are finished as a country. I am glad that Millicent has decided to leave. I am glad that my daughters have immigrated. It is a relief! Their futures are secure. 
11.
The abiding impressions of my childhood seemed to have had a powerful and vivid afterlife. We all have a storehouse of childhood impressions. As a child, I often wondered what kind of life I was going to have. I tried to imagine the future. As things have turned out, my life and the world have not mirrored my childhood impressions or expectations, nor my teenage impressions or expectations, nor my student day impressions or expectations. Not even my most recent or even current impressions or expectations have been confirmed. Nothing has turned out as I had expected. I have discovered that the future continues to unfold enigmatically and mysteriously. In the days that followed after our decision to get divorced, it did not seem that I would have a life to which I could go back to without Millicent? That life had ended for me. Ironically, the main reason for our divorce was for me to preserve the life I had made for myself, a life grounded in my career. I am not ashamed to admit that my career was everything. I could not imagine another life. However, what if without Millicent there was not going to be a life to go back to? The other stark reality regarding my life and world was that for me there was no other life or home, there was only my current life in South Africa. I could not imagine any other life. In this time of crisis, I would not be telling the truth if I failed to admit that I did indeed experience a certain degree of ambivalence regarding my future. I was becoming more and more ambivalent regarding who I was and who I wanted to be or who I should be or what I should do? If Millicent said: ‘Let’s make aliyah.’ If only she said: ‘Let’s go to Israel.’ I would have dropped everything to go. I was prepared to start all over again in Israel. I felt I could pick up the threads of my career in Israel. I could make a go of things there. I was a Zionist.
12.
What were my responsibilities? What were my obligations? There were so many conflicting voices. Foreign voices and alternative stories. Everything had become fluid and uncertain. How did I come to be the person that I was? I don’t really know! I don’t really have an understanding of my own life and past. Things just happened, one damn thing after another. Do I have a history? Yes, I do. Is it meaningful or significant? I don’t know. Definitely not in itself. Why? Because it seems that my life has not been preordained. I suppose I could invest my life with whatever meaning or significance I chose for it. I have been fortunate and perhaps even lucky, especially having the parents that I did have. They made the difference. Also having met and married Millicent made the difference. I was indebted to my parents and to her. So what does it mean to get lucky? I did get lucky. I got laid big time. That is metaphorically speaking. As they say in the classics the harder you try the luckier you get. 
13.
In the implied sense of Prof Ken’s words: Did I ever get lucky which really meant did I get laid with so and so. My usual answer: No I did not, and it was not from a lack of trying. There were opportunities but because of one thing or another, I could never seize the moment before the relationships fizzled out for reasons that I could never quite fathom. Maybe I had set my standards too high when it came to women, and on reflection, I should have dropped then a few notches on the scale of female attractiveness. I should have focused on the more promising prospects on offer among the more homely and plainer girls. My problems with women arose because of Kamilla. Because of her, I remained blissfully deluded regarding my chances with respect to the more choice pickings to be had within my social circle as a student at Wits. I always felt that I could do better when it came to women, and you will see why later. Now I could only recoup the missed opportunities or impossible conquests in the embellished and embroidered realm of fantasy and erotic reverie. I was prone to imagining all kinds of erotic, elaborate, and evolving fantasies, revisited in serialized oneiric episodes between the transition of drowsy wakefulness and sleep. Reveries of enchanting seductions, played out within the spectre of solipsistic tropes, voluptuously enveloped in egocentric desires, which could not penetrate the veil of certitude, hidden and inaccessible beyond the lush entanglements of images, and ideas, and mental pictures, before I eventually succumbed to the rising tide of sleep. Could life be nothing but the dream of the dreamer? And I had an archive of delectable memories and visual imprints of girls from my high school days and girls from my classes at university to draw upon as I abused myself. None would ever be the wiser of how many times they had featured as willing subjects in the erotic universe of my daydreams. Articles in magazines confirmed that having this kind of stuff going on in your head was actually all very normal. 
14.
When I was in the third year of my BSc majoring in Microbiology and Genetics Prof Ken was always invited to join the clique of which I was a wandering satellite to beers at the Holiday Inn’s Sunnyside Hotel in Parktown on Friday nights. And of course, he never turned down an invite, always ready to get laid, he was a playful, outrageous and audacious flirt. And a talented pickup artist, a connoisseur and exponent of the silken, velvet and satin arts of the one nightstand. In those days there was no such thing as sexism and political correctness so Prof Ken’s risqué flavoured regaling of sordid adventures was par for the course during those alcohol-soaked evenings. 
15.
Jukskei River, and the collection of water collections, and the culturing of algae, and that day I discovered something while looking at a sample of algae on a slide under the microscope. What I saw changed the course of my life. 
16.
To situate ourselves in the history of Jo’burg, Sunnyside Hotel was built in 1895. That is all I wish to say about Sunnyside Hotel. On those Friday evenings, because I was not a military man (will explain later) I was the outsider because of my murmuring heart. Prof Ken and all of the other males in my class had seen active duty as youthful conscripts in the world’s counter-insurgency wars. Tina Turner – Better be good to me.  Prof Ken at 18 years of age was drafted to serve for two years in Vietnam during the years 1965 and 1966 in the US 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile). He was one of the troopers who were flown by helicopters into South Vietnam’s Bon Son Plain. He was in the thick of intense fighting for 42 days. So in the year that I was born, he was drafted. There were a couple of Rhodesians in our class who had been conscripted during the late 1970s and were involved in the counter-insurgency bush war against Zimbabwe African National liberation Army (ZANLA) whose members were mainly Shona and Zimbabwe People's Revolutionary Army (ZIPRA) whose members were drawn chiefly from the Matabele. The two Zimbabwean liberation movements cooperated under the auspices of the Patriotic Front. ZANLA launched its cross-border insurgency operations from Mozambique and ZIPRA launched its cross-border insurgency operation from Zambia. During the Rhodesian bush war, Rafi (Raphael) Langermann was a full lieutenant in the Rhodesian African Rifles (RAR). The rank and file of this regiment were comprised entirely of black soldiers who had been recruited from the black population. In the final stages of the Rhodesian Bush war between 1979 and 1980, the RAR and the Rhodesian Light Infantry (RLI) were deployed in what came to be known as Fire Force troops. When the in situ covert OPs sighted CT (Communist Terrorist) groups they would radio in the coordinates of the enemy and the helicopters carrying RAR and RLI troops would be rapidly deployed to engage the guerrilla fighters in a running fire fight in the savannahs. In the last days of the bush war leading up to the signing of the Lancaster House Agreement on the 21st December 1979 which paved the way for the declaration of a ceasefire, ending the Rhodesian Bush War, and leading to the creation and recognition of the Republic of Zimbabwe, FireForce troops were dispatched round clock over the Chimanimani Mountains, a mountain range which forms a natural the border between the then Rhodesia and Mozambique, to engage the ZANLA forces were stationed in their temporary bases within the Miombo woodlands growing of the eastern slopes of the Chimanimani Mountains in the level terrain spreading from the foot of the mountains. In our first year at Wits chance brought us together as lab partners in physics and chemistry. I was 18 and he was 23 years old. He was tall, muscular, good looking and charismatic with a Bonobo’s appetite for sex. Being highly sociable and outgoing it was natural that in second year he soon gathered a following of hanger-on’s. I am not gay, but I actually felt quite jealous that he had been stolen away from me after being my best friend for the entire first year when we were undergraduates. He was the first real male friend that I had ever had. In first year, we hung out together on campus. Anyway, his gang would meet socially on Fridays and Saturdays nights at various pubs or drinking joints or nightclubs such as the Sunnyside Hotel or the Chelsea Hotel and the Castle Inn in Hillbrow or the Jolly Rogers and Victoria Hotel near Park Station in the inner city. In our second year, I began to take an interest in the activities of the Student Left. To be blunt, Rafi and his gang of Rhodesians and northern suburbs gals and dudes were English-speaking racists and fascists. Rafi had an aura, which either drew or repelled people. I became aware in our honours year that the black cleaning or laboratory tech staff never came into the reading room or the lab to perform their duties if Rafi was present. They feared him. There was something about him that terrified them. Dear reader, can you guess where I am going with this? Rafi always invited me to the gang’s get-together social evenings and parties. And I mostly declined the invitations. Always inventing all kinds of legitimate-sounding excuses. I was the only child of two very old but very loving parents. I wanted for nothing. My father had paid for my university and in my third year, they bought me a reconditioned, good as new VW Beetle and I loved that car. However, I did not feel free because of my parents. Turning down the invitations began to stress me. In the end, I spoke to the old folks. When I was in 3rd year, I told them plainly: ‘Look I have to socialize with my classmates. I feel ridiculous turning their invitations down. It is damaging me.’ I don’t know why I said that. They listened to me and then to my surprise they said that it is OK for me to go out on Friday and Saturday nights in the VW Beetle to Johannesburg just as long as I don’t drink more than two beers and that I get home before one o'clock in the morning. I kept my side of the bargain. For the first three or four Friday and Saturday nights that I went out on the town they waited up until I arrived back home, with two beers in my body and the car still in mint condition. After that, they stopped waiting up for me. And one o’clock I would arrive home. My mom would call from the room: ‘Is that you Gavin, is everything alright.’ ‘Yes mom, I am OK, go back to sleep.’ The old man would be snoring. When I look back on my life, all I can say is that I was blessed. From the very beginning, whether it was by chance or luck, I managed to learn something very important, and that was to keep my side of the bargain. I learnt the meaning of trust. This was what I learnt from my dad and mom. And my marriage with Millicent was a breeze because we both understood the meaning and value of trust. Dear reader this does not make me a saint. It just makes me a rational and sane person, that’s all. I don’t pretend to be a good person. I have a filthy mind. I am actually quite depraved. I am constantly preoccupied with sexual fantasies.
17.
At Wits, my life had become entangled and complicated and filled with all kinds of contradictions and dilemmas. And this did not escape Rafi who had an aversion towards the Left. He would pass remarks in the reading room or the lab such as: ‘We have a commie in our midst, just follow my eyes.’ He eventually cornered me and said: ‘Look, Gavin, you are part of our class, you can’t keep standing us up when we invite you to join us.’ So I joined the gang even though they were Right-wing racists and I was a Left-wing commie. I joined the gang to belong. Deep down I needed to belong. And I felt that Rafi and I had a special relationship, there was a bond between us, a connection, a mysterious kind of rapport that persisted through all the up and downs. I saw in him an elder brother. Another masculine role model apart from my father or Prof Ken. On another occasion when Rafi was deep in his cups, I could see he wanted to have a man to man chat with me: ‘Look here Gavin, we all like you one helluva a lot, you are a stand-up guy, but you can't run with the fox and hunt with the hounds. You got to choose whose side you are on.’ I felt my face breaking out into some kind of broad smile. I wanted to laugh. It was so funny. He said: ‘Have another beer, it’s on me.” I said: ‘No I’m good, don’t worry.’ Then out of the blue he starts to speak about the Rhodesia bush war. ‘Gavin I am going to tell you something, it was November 1979, I was cracking up under the strain. We got intelligence that there were terrs who were holed up in a village, it was in north eastern Rhodesia, they dropped us about a click away and we snuck up to the village. When we got there it was as quiet as a graveyard, and we followed the usual drill, we surrounded the village taking up positions, while I and some other guy went in to sus out the scene, suddenly a woman sees us and runs away screaming, I realize that we have surprised them and she is trying to warn them wherever they may be, she was about 50 metres away running up the hill, I lifted my rifle, I took aim to silence her. I squeezed the trigger. I shot her dead just like that. The terrs realized what was going on and soon we were in a running firefight chasing them through the bush. To this day I live with this image of the woman running and screaming, the sharp crack of the rifle, and then she drops like a ragdoll into a crumpled heap. Her life gone! Cut down by a single shot fired from the Belgium manufactured Fabrique Nationale de Herstal (FN) semiautomatic rifle, calibre 7.62x51mm, muzzle velocity 823 m/s. I am not haunted by this. It was a dirty war. Then all war is a dirty business, especially counter-insurgency war. People die. I too could have been killed; I had some really close shaves. She was a combatant. Like me, death was our constant companion. Let me tell you something, in the face of grave danger, where you know that you could be killed any moment, you enter this state of numbness and acceptance of the inevitable. The entire scene, the screaming woman running up the hill was like a movie, it remains so vivid in my mind, it has remained stuck in my head, even after all these years, it is burnt into my brain. I was a sharpshooter. I am not bragging. The FN was an amazing weapon. Gavin, I know that you as a communist think that I am an unrehabilitatable racist. Believe me, I don’t hate blacks. I actually feel very sorry for them, they think that Mugabe is going to liberate them, they believe that he is some great messiah who is going to transform Zimbabwe into a paradise of freedom and plenty. Gavin let me tell you something. Africa has to wake up! They have to liberate themselves from this messiah complex that some great black man is going to finally liberate them from the whites. This is the biggest load of bullshit. They got to liberate themselves. They don’t need someone to liberate them. They got to realize that all these so-called revolutionary leaders are just going to fuck the shit out of them. They got to liberate themselves from these guys who have appointed themselves as their leaders.’ At this stage, Rafi having consumed eight beers, resting his elbows on the table, his face and head cradled in his hands, sinks into a state of deep drunken melancholy. Prof Ken who had just caught the tail end of Rafi’s soliloquy joins us. He adds his piece: ‘Wars of liberation turn out to be a big disappointment for the liberated.’
18.
Years later, I am trying to trace Rafi Langermann. I Google his name. I look for his name on Facebook. Eventually, I find him, indirectly via a YouTube video, as an old man, he has become a radical West Bank occupation leader. He was accused of being the military brains behind a Jewish guerrilla insurgency movement to reclaim the Jewish Promised Land from the Palestinians. I discover that Rafi Langermann is a fucken Jew! I related my discovery to Millicent; I tell that if she is so desperate to leave South Africa why don’t we join Rafi Langermann on the West Bank? Her answer: ‘You got to be out of your fucken mind.’ And Millicent rarely used the F word. For some time I toyed seriously with idea that if I have to leave South Africa then it would be to join Rafi in Israel. However, it would have to be with Millicent and our three daughters and their husbands and children. The Swifts would have returned to their Summer Home. Dear reader, in earnest I was ready to leave South Africa to make aliyah. Yes, I was willing to give up everything to make aliyah. Giving up more than what most people could imagine. If I went anywhere else, I would not be able to just pick up where I had left off. I had invested too much of my life into the country of my birth. To leave South Africa would be like leaving life itself, almost like dying, ceasing to be what I had been for most of my life. Who I am or what I am by virtue of which I would actually cease to be, I would in a mystical manner become who I have always been, if I left South Africa for Israel. Every convert to Judaism becomes who he or she should be. Therefore, I could only leave South Africa for one reason alone and that would be to make aliyah. To fulfil the wish: ‘Next year in Jerusalem’. I would become the happiest Jew who ever lived. I would be becoming who I truly was and that is Joshua, who crossed the Jordon into the promised land, which G-d had given us, even if it meant with an AK 47 following Rafi. Millicent’s verdict: ‘You got to be out of you fucken mind!’ And she added: ‘This is what I feared most when you wanted to convert to Judaism. Converts make the worst possible kinds of Jews you could ever imagine. They are so prone to radicalization! And you of all people with your heart condition wanting to become a Jewish terrorist running around the hills on the West Bank at your age with a machine gun, and what do you know about machine guns anyway?’ Dear readers, please indulge me. I answered, and I could feel the adolescent smirk on my face, and I was sober: ‘Rafi will teach me how to shoot.’ ‘I have had enough of this bullshit, I am going to bed,’ she replied. That was the end of the West Bank occupation. I felt a bit stupid having had this argument with Millicent.
19.
When Millicent crossed the threshold of no return at OR Tambo International Airport, she did not cease to be Millicent Rosen. She continued to be Millicent Rosen. In crossing the threshold at OR Tambo her horizons expanded, the possibilities of her life multiplied without end. The same happened with Rafi Langermann when left Zimbabwe in utter disgust. He did not cease to be Rafi Langermann. As a Jewish settler on the West Bank, he became a more genuine and authentic version of Rafi Langermann. I chose the name Joshua for myself. Why did I choose the name Joshua when I became a Jew? I don’t know. Maybe it was something subliminal, something mysterious and metaphysical, maybe it was affirming something deep about myself, who knows, will the reason ever be known? Nevertheless, I grew into the name Joshua. I became Joshua Swift, Professor Joshua Swift. In terms of the ratings of the National Foundation of Research (NRF) I had become an A rated scientist, a leader in my field of research. It was easy to become Joshua Swift, I did not have much of a previous life or ancestry or history to slough off in order to be reborn into my true life. I was just another English-speaking white South Africa whose origins were an unknown mixture of multiple ethnicities. I carried the mark of my mother. I could be mistaken for Portuguese or Greek or Italian with that physiognomic North African touch of the Mediterranean. Since all future converts were present at Mount Sinai to receive the Torah it was my divine elected destiny to become Joshua Swift. The words ‘thank G-d I am a Jew’ did move over my lips many times. The priests who carried the ark of the covenant of the Lord stopped in the middle of the Jordan River and stood on dry ground, while all Israel passed by until the whole nation had completed the crossing on dry ground into the Promised Land.
20.
Millicent believed I could start over again in Canada. However, to be honest, I couldn’t, I did not have the strength or energy or will to climb the mountain a second time, or roll the rock up to the summit, not at 55 years of age. I was not a Sisyphean hero. While I could not ascend the mountain of a scientific career a second time in Canada, I could make aliyah (עֲלִיָּה), but only if South Africa totally collapsed into economic ruin like Zimbabwe, only then could I consider making that second ascent, but an ascent which metaphorically meant crossing the river Jordan and settling on the West Bank with the likes of the Rafi Langermanns of the Jewish world. I would even consider remarrying an Israeli woman, and also having more children. By chance, I had watched the Al Jazeera documentary entitled ‘Israel’s Hilltop Youth’. When it was repeated in the Al Jazeera documentary programmes slot, I called Millicent. The young Israeli West Bank occupiers disgusted her. I could not purge myself of the feelings of solidarity I felt for the Hilltop Youth. I did not confide these feelings to Millicent. 
21
In Zimbabwe and in South Africa, it is the self-serving political elites, especially nationalists, who wish to benefit from imposing an ideological-based reconstruction or revision of the past. All attempts to promote a nationalistic political agenda by means of monopolizing the interpretation of history always result in the transformation of history into fables and myths. The overriding intention underlying the reconstruction of historical memory has nothing to do with truth; rather it has everything to do with the legitimation of the political authority of the ruling political elite, in order to render all their actions unquestionable. Forgetfulness and convenient amnesia are integral to the construction of historical memory. Everyone remembers the trans-Atlantic African slave trade but no one has any recollection of the genocidal Arabian trans-Saharan or East African black slave trade which preceded it, and by virtue of which the trans-Atlantic emerged as a historical possibility.
22.
The following two statements do not have their basis in abstract epistemological reflection but are derived from the observations of real men engaged in real-life processes: a) ‘It is not the consciousness of men that determines their existence but their social existence that determines their consciousness’ (Karl Marx, A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy, 1859); b) ‘The phantoms formed in the human brain are also, necessarily, sublimates of their material life-process, which is empirically verifiable and bound to material premises. Morality, religion, metaphysics, all the rest of ideology and their corresponding forms of consciousness, thus no longer retain the semblance of independence. They have no history, no development; but men, developing their material production and their material intercourse, alter, along with this their real existence, their thinking and the products of their thinking. Life is not determined by consciousness, but consciousness by life’ (Karl Marx, The German Ideology, 1846). A fuller exposition of these two statements will need to draw on Gramsci’s concept of hegemony and Althusserian relationships between the economic base of society and its superstructure, which includes various political and social institutions as well as ideologies that embody traditional beliefs, religious beliefs, mythological beliefs, theological beliefs, moral beliefs, and political beliefs. Yet who are we to dismiss any belief just because we happen to believe that it is a mere phantom of the human brain? There have to be valid reasons for dismissing beliefs. We can only justifiably believe something to be the case if we know with certainty that it is true, which is equivalent to having indubitable knowledge. The relationship between knowledge and the truth is complicated, and the complications that arise depend on how we formulate or define the relationship between knowledge or knowing something to be the case and the truth. For example, what is not true or false in other words, cannot be known to be the case. This is the same as saying: what is false cannot be known. However, we can also state: what is actually false can indeed be believed to be the case. This also means that believing that something to be the case, without being able to show whether it happens to be true or false, can never be equated with having knowledge. To believe something cannot be equated with having true knowledge about something. Depending on the situation, truth can be conceived metaphysically or epistemologically. Metaphysical truth is a matter of how things are and epistemological truth is how things can be shown to be the case. Expanding on this we can argue that for something to be true and therefore being something that can be known, the thing has to be shown to be the case in order for it to be true and therefore known. Only if something is shown to be the case can we believe it to be true, and in this context, true belief can be equated with having knowledge that something is the case. Now this brings us to the matter of truth, knowledge and belief in the context or within the framework of divine revelation. In order for a message of a divine revelation to be meaningful and also truthful, it needs to state something about something which can be substantiated with evidence and reason. In other words, the message must have some kind of propositional content, which can be evaluated regarding its falsity or truthfulness. The proposition of a revelatory message can be elucidated with respect to the content of the message, which would be comprised of statements, statements that are putatively meaningful in terms of their references, and which when subjected to analysis can be shown to be either true or false, in either a metaphysical or epistemological sense. It may be false in a metaphysical sense if the claims made by the revelation include things or elements or events which could not possibly exist or take place in a materialist or physicalist conception of the Universe, which is the Universe depicted by modern science. It may be false in an epistemological sense if for example claims made in the revelation concern individual persons whose existence as historical figures cannot be validated, and who in all likelihood exist only as creations of the imagination. Now going back to Marx’s claim: ‘It is not the consciousness of men that determines their existence but their social existence that determines their consciousness’. This proposition can also validly be taken to mean that some kind of process of social conditioning or brainwashing or mental engineering must be going on behind the backs of men which somehow is able to form or shape or stimulate, in a subliminal fashion if you like, the contents of their consciousness so that what they consciously believe to be true may actually be false. This argument implies that they do have any knowledge which is equivalent to stating that they are possessed by a ‘false consciousness’. This implies that only those who have ‘true consciousness’, which is equivalent to having ‘true knowledge’, can act on behalf of those who cannot think for themselves with regard to the realization of their ‘true interests’. Because being possessed by a ‘false consciousness’ implies that one does not ‘know’ what constitutes one’s ‘true’ interests in the context of one’s social existence. It is within this context that vanguardism arises as a categorical imperative.
 23.
Millicent: ‘If they (the government) have failed to be a catalyst for economic growth for the past 25 years what makes you believe that they will not also fail for the next 25 years.’ The way she spoke, I felt that I was also responsible for this failure. I have never defended the government! She never accused me of defending the government, but in her own mind, the government embodied all the evils, that the Left could wish on humanity. She made me feel like one of these Leftist or liberal self-hating Jews. Millicent: ‘It is not only whites who feel that they have no future in South Africa, many Indians, Coloureds and even many Blacks share the same sentiments,’ she said. Two attorneys in her firm, both black had left the country for greener pastures. Brian Sithole (a convert to Judaism) has made aliyah, having left South Africa for good, to become a settler on the West Bank with a bunch of Afrikaans speaking converts. And Carol Xabanisa had immigrated to New Zealand with her husband a medical doctor and her two kids. The African diaspora was growing by the day. Those who could were leaving Africa for a better life in what we call the Global North. No one could make a life anymore in Zimbabwe, which had become the second poorest country on the planet. I live between racial and ethnic universes. The only whites I socialize with are Jews, who are either cousins or friends of Millicent. On a day-to-day basis, I have very limited and superficial dealings with only a handful of whites who are mainly my colleagues and students at Wits. During my working day, for the past 15 years, I have interacted mainly with black students and black colleagues. The undergraduate classes I have lectured to have been 90% black in racial composition. Furthermore, all my postgraduates over the past 20 years have been predominantly black or Indian or Coloured. I cannot remember precisely when last I had a white postgraduate student in my lab. In terms of student numbers, Wits is predominantly a black institution. Currently, all postgraduates and post-doctoral working in my lab are black, but not one of them is South African. Music on the radio: When you got nothing you got nothing to lose. I have got to the stage where I feel uncomfortable when immersed within a crowd of whites. What does this mean? It means I have changed. Something has been going on behind my own back changing my social consciousness.



Chapter Three

1.
Did I ever get another chance to fuck Kamilla? Answer: This also turned out to be another one of those sad stories that ended in a complete debacle. What about Alžběta? Also another story; maybe worth retelling. She was just as hot as Kamilla but in a different way. What happened in the case of Kamilla’s all too brief comeback? Do you want to hear or read about it? Of course, you do! OK, let me recap: It was on a Saturday night, I was in my third year, and we were at the Holiday Inn’s Sunnyside Hotel in Parktown. Prof Ken was also present. And guess what, I bumped into Kamilla at the bar while I was ordering my first beer. She looked breathtakingly stunning. She was minimally dressed in a black tube top (no bra) and a short skimpy black satiny skirt and high heels. She was with her old boyfriend and I could sense that there was tension between them. We exchanged the conventional pleasantries that are appropriate in this kind of situation and I left them. A half-hour later while I was talking to Prof Ken Kamilla joined us. She put her arm around my waist. I was totally taken aback and confused. She was tipsy. I introduced her to Prof Ken. ‘This is Kamilla; we are old school friends’. She shakes Ken’s proffered hand. Ken sizes up the situation and excuses himself, and drifts off. We find a quiet corner. She informs me that she has broken up with Bob for good, and furthermore, he is a complete idiot, and he a complete bastard. She asks if I would mind taking her home. I inform her that I need to go to the toilet before we leave. While standing at the urinal Prof Ken joins me. ‘She’s hot’. He declares meaningfully. ‘I know,’ was all I could say feeling a bit awkward. I wanted to pre-empt the conversation from going in the direction of getting lucky and getting laid because I could see that unmistakable lascivious expression of expectation on his face. I find her standing just outside the entrance on the veranda looking very downcast and forlorn. As we walk to the car park, her gait becomes unsteady; almost stumbling in her high heels, she clutches my arm for support. I realize that she is actually quite drunk. A full moon has risen, the night is still young and silvery, but I feel that it has become devoid of all enchantment and promise. I am actually put off by her inebriated condition. Soon we are on the R24 highway to Boksburg and as we rise out of the Gillooly’s interchange I glance at my watch, it is only 9.00 pm. She becomes uncontrollably garrulous, talking about the good old days when we were still at primary school and what great friends we were, and what a great pity it was that we broke up, and what a cool guy I was and how stupid she had been not realizing that I was really, really, a cool guy, and so on and so forth. She places her hand on my thigh. ‘Yeah, yeah.’ I answer. ‘No I am serious, you are really a great guy,’ she insists. When we reached Edward Road, she must have realized that I was going to drop her off at her home so she quickly commanded: ‘Don’t stop. Drive on. Go park by those trees over there by the lakeside.’ We had barely parked when she said: ‘I think I am going to be sick.’ I immediately leaned over and quickly opened the passenger door on her side. ‘Don’t be sick in the car, lean over and vomit outside.’ Bending over the side of the car she started to throw up a torrent of vomit that included the dinner she had had earlier with Bob. She was in no condition to go home in her drunken state so I insisted we go to my home. She kept on apologizing and I kept on saying: ‘It is not a problem, don’t worry.’ My parents were still up watching TV in the lounge when I unlocked the front door and ushered in a wobbly Kamilla into the lounge. ‘I need to go to the toilet,’ she said, and she rushed off down the passage to the toilet with her hand covering her mouth. While she was retching I quickly explained the situation: ‘She was with Bob at the Sunnyside Hotel, they had a fight and she asked me to bring her home, I didn’t realize that she had had too much to drink, anyway I think we must let her sober up before I walk her home.’ Afterwards I went over to see if she was OK. She wanted to rinse her mouth with water. Then she wanted to lie down, so I steered her into my bedroom, switched on the light, pulled back the covers. She kicked off her high heels and climbed into the bed. I pulled the covers over her and tucked her in. She was shivering uncontrollably. ‘I am so sorry, I am so sorry,’ she kept on mumbling. I learnt over and kissed her on the cheek and said ‘I love you.’ I don’t know why I said it, it just came out. And she mumbled that she loved me too. Anyway, I switched the light off and closed the door. I phoned her parents, her mom answered with her Hungarian accent. I explained Kamilla’s situation to her, saying that she was under the weather and indisposed at the moment. I joined my parents in the lounge. ‘I have never liked that girl, she is a real hussy, she is just using you,’ my mother said, strongly asserting her opinion. My father laughed. ‘Don’t judge her so harshly, she has a lot of goodness in her,’ he said. ‘I don’t know so much about that,’ my mom answered. I slept on the sofa. Kamilla only woke up at 8.00 am. While we were having breakfast she traipsed barefoot into the kitchen draped in a blanket and nursing a jackhammer drill of a hangover. She managed to drink a cup of strong percolated coffee and eat a slice of toast before I walked her home. Later that afternoon I phoned her. I tried to communicate as subtly as possible my feelings for her and that I would like us to be together. She cut me short saying: ‘I am sorry, Bob is here we have sort of made up, I can’t really speak now, I am sorry.’ ‘I am sorry too,’ I said, my voice sounding deflated, as I hung up. I also felt embarrassed. My ears and cheeks felt as if they were on fire. My mom looked in: ‘I told you she is a no-good hussy.’
2.
Two hours later the phone rings. It is Alžběta. She is sweet as honey. She knows everything about what had happened between Kamilla and me. But that is not the reason for her call. Will I be her date for a cousin’s wedding next Saturday? She knows that it is short notice. I accept. Then I ask her if she is free for dinner and movies with me at Eastgate tonight. ‘That will be super,’ she answers. ‘Fetch you at 6.00 pm.’ ‘See you then,’ she answers. Kamilla and Alžběta used to refer to themselves as Veronica and Betty. And I was Archie. And as I have said, we were then together in the same class in primary school, in grades one and two, and then in standards one, two, three, four and five, and we were living in the same street, a few houses apart, and those were also the comic reading years at my house during the weekends and school holidays. The three of us were going to be best friends for life, and that was what we had pledged during those halcyon days when my mother fussed over us. Serving us with homemade ginger beer and ginger biscuits. Taking us to Saturday morning matinees at Rosebank. And after the movies, we ate hot waffles covered with maple syrup and vanilla ice cream and slurping lime milkshakes through thin bored straws. And my mom was always there, a silent non-interfering, non-intrusive, smiling and indulgent presence, deriving her own joy from our carefree happiness. The three of us were used to mothers who spoke English with foreign accents, be it Czechoslovakian or Hungarian or ‘Spanish’. Our mutual and reciprocal adolescent construction of friendship and reality was shaped through the lens or the looking glass of American cartoon comics and American movies. We were American in our self-perception. And it was now 1985, we were young adults, and we were living in strange times amidst unreal realities, and P W Botha had declared a state of emergency, and South Africa was burning, and a People’s War was raging. Through all of this, the whites continued to live in a bubble, on an island of ignorance and tranquillity, in an ocean of rampant social discontent. The realities of the white world and the black world were surreally disconnected. There was a hallucinatory quality to everything, like if we were living in a dream in some parallel universe. We went to see the movie ‘Out of Africa’ starring Meryl Streep and Robert Redford. It was based on the book by Baroness Karen Blixen (pen name Isak Dinesen). The movie begins with the iconic opening line: ‘I had a farm in Africa, at the foot of the Ngong Hills.’ It is the first line in Blixen’s novel. Beginning with that very line its literary rhetoric articulates the ethos, pathos, telos and mythos which could only resonate with the disconnected colonial sensibilities of the European person or a white South African, and that same elemental ethos, pathos, telos and mythos had been wonderfully woven into the aesthetic fabric of the book and the movie. It remains a book written and a movie produced primarily for the white reader and the white movie audience. However, that does not detract from the artistic or aesthetic or literary or metaphysical value or merit of the book or the movie, and this is the irony and the paradox and the contradictions. What else could the dialectical ingredients of artistic expression and the aestheticization of the political be other than irony, paradox and contradiction? Yet despite all this, both the book and the movie have a sublime quality, and this is what is so annoying! During the movie I took her hand and held it, a slight tightening of my fingers elicited a reciprocal response, and she leant her head against my shoulder, and the closeness of the fragrance of her perfume and hair shampoo added to the physical intimacy, and we did not let go or loosen our hold on each other’s hand even as they became hot and sticky with sweat. Afterwards we had supper at a steakhouse within the Mall complex. She ordered grilled kingklip with rice, kingklip being a fish, with the species name of Genypterus capensis, a species of cusk-eel endemic to the Southern Hemisphere and occurring along the Southern African coastline. I had a medium-rare T-bone steak with chips (French fries). She drank two double vodkas mixed with orange juice and I had plain orange juice. I did not want to douse any prospect of physical pleasure that her body could offer me later in the evening by numbing the nerve endings in the tactile or pressure receptors of my skin. In Prof Ken’s mind I had got lucky with Kamilla and maybe the prospect of fucking Alžběta was real (I came prepared with a condom in my pocket, but also considered that she may be on the pill, and there would be no need for the condom, what an exciting prospect), like Kamilla she was not a virgin, and I had paid for the movies and the dinner and the vodka, and just maybe I would get laid either tonight or some other night. We spoke about Kamilla, and Alžběta revealed the sad truth that Kamilla had always been torn between Bob and me, and that she had been in love with me ever since we were in our grades. I am sure that this was the vodka talking. But the truth was that we, Kamilla and me, being the same age was a real problem for Kamilla, she was apparently quite old fashion in her beliefs that boyfriends and future husbands should be several years older than the girlfriend or prospective wife. I asked Alžběta if she also held the same beliefs. Her answer: ‘It depends.’ ‘What does it depend on?’ I asked. ‘Lots of stuff I suppose,’ she responded. ‘Such as maturity, intelligence, looks and money,’ she continued to elaborate. Then she added: ‘You are mature, intelligent, in fact very, very intelligent, and frighteningly so, and you are also good looking, you are a yummy guy.’ She continued, the vodka doing all the talking: ‘This is more or less what Kamilla said today when she told me everything, including that you asked her to go out with you.’ ‘But, it is your intelligence that she finds intimidating. Believe it or not, you do intimidate her,’ she finally laid bare the real reasons why Kamilla did not want to go out with me. Alžběta expanded: ‘Kamilla has a strong personality, she likes to be in charge, she likes to be the superior person in a relationship, and she can’t be in charge in a relationship with you because you are intellectually intimidating, you are superior to her, and you also have a way with words.’ Of course, I was stunned to hear this. I did not see myself as an intimidating person or as super-intelligent or as exceptionally articulate.’ ‘Do I intimidate you?’ I asked her. ‘Not really, I like intelligent men.’ ‘So Bob is not particularly intelligent?’ I inquired. ‘Well not really,’ she replied. ‘In fact, I think he is quite stupid, to put up with Kamilla’s nonsense.’ Well, the evening’s dinner table chat had been very enlightening to me. 
3.
We drove back on the R24 highway in silence. In Edward Street, as I was slowing down to stop in front of her home, she quickly gave the instruction: ‘No don’t stop, drive on. Go park over there by those trees by the lakeside,’ she instructed pointing to the same arbour or bower. So I drove and parked at the same spot where Kamilla had vomited the previous night. I wondered what nocturnal secrets haunted this apparently enchanted spot beneath the boughs of these trees on the shores of this little lake, which had been so much a part of our lives in Edward Street. The three of us as pre-adolescent kids and mid-adolescent youngsters had perambulated the shores of this lake together countless times. We had grown up in Edward Street with the pleasant background sounds of water birds emanating from the lake. I realized that going to Damelin College instead of Boksburg High School had deprived me of so much, including teenage romances, and all that goes with it including sex. I had been sexually deprived as a teenager! Maybe Alžběta could have been my girlfriend during my high school years if I had gone to Boksburg High School. I had completely missed out on the Boksburg teenager social scene. I had been effectively out of circulation. And of course, Damelin College had changed me. It had transformed into a sophisticated know-it-all Jo’burg teenager as a consequence of mixing with people like Millicent. Millicent and I had been exposed to the same kind of enculturation, we were of the same type. In other words, we belonged to the same social genus or class. But I had remained the proverbial statistical outlier, everybody except me had been fucking away like rabbits. Alžběta was slightly tipsy but definitely not drunk. Tipsy enough not to be inhibited. We sat holding hands, her head resting on my shoulder. We spoke about the old times, about what great fun we had as kids. ‘Today’s kids don’t know how to have real fun,’ she uttered. ‘We practically grew up without TV,’ she mused. ‘Instead, we read comics, and went to the drive-in and bioscope, nowadays no one goes to the drive-in, when last were you at a drive-in?’ She reflected. We kissed a bit, it was pleasant, and I did not mind her sweet alcoholic breath. That is all we did. Unlike Prof Ken I wasn’t going to score. I suppose in retrospect I could have got lucky with Alžběta. We could have indulged in more heavy petting. But even though I was really hot and ready and my erection really began to hurt I did not try to fondle her breasts or stick my hand up between her legs. I could have I suppose, but I didn’t. So I did not get laid. Instead, we took a slow romantic walk around the lake. The moon rose high above us, it was a warm silvery shadowless night. The moon was so bright it hurt our eyes. The frogs croaked and the crickets chirped, and Alžběta clung to me. Like with Kamilla nothing developed between Alžběta and me. But there were deep bonds between the three of us. Many years later when Facebook emerged, I took the initiative to trace Kamilla and Alžběta. Kamilla eventually married Bob and they immigrated to Australia in 1994, and Alžběta married Alex also her long-time teenage sweetheart and they immigrated to New Zealand in 1995. Kamilla had two kids and Alžběta had three kids. And we have remained Facebook friends for the past 15 years, exchanging news and birthday wishes. Not quite political emigres they both live in South African immigrant enclaves and belong to fundamentalist churches. And as Alžběta always reminded me on Facebook we represent the last generation of South Africans of a particular kind. A particular kind? What does she mean? For one thing, they, that is Alžběta and Kamilla, were once white South Africans. To repeat, whatever it signifies, except for Alžběta, Kamilla and I were born in this country, but not from the original white settler colonial stock, but from political refugees (well my mother was a kind of refugee), surely that must signify something. We had different settler pedigrees if you like. As you know dear reader, Kamilla’s parents fled Hungary in 1956 and Alžběta’s parents fled Czechoslovakia in 1968. Through my mother and my father, my colonial roots go very deep into the soil of this continent we call Africa.



Chapter four

1.
And the Berlin wall fell in 1989. After 1990 ‘Communism’ as it was once called collapsed under its own dialectical contradictions in the Eastern Bloc and the Soviet Union, and China, and Vietnam, and neoliberalism flourished for a brief summer that ended in 2008. From the broad sweep history, if we look at the end results of the revolutions which gave us the Soviet Union and the Peoples Republic of China, it has because clear that these revolutions ended in an ironic contradiction, they ended up by expanding the global growth of capitalism in both Russian and China, and also the rest of the world. From the very beginning 20th Century, ‘Communism’ carried the seeds of its own eventual self-destruction. Socialism had its own gravediggers in the form of the oligarchical political elite, which were the progeny of Leninism. Who could have imagined, especially within the context of the thinking and beliefs which characterized and also dominated the 20th Century, that the ‘socialisms’ of the Soviet Union, and the Eastern Bloc, and Vietnam and China would undergo a reversion back to capitalism? Who could have imagined in the 1960s that China would eventually undergo a spectacular economic transmutation by transforming itself into a 21st Century authoritarian command capitalism colossal? As you may also know, no one who belonged to the generations that lived between 1917 and 1990 could ever have imagined that the 20th Century would end with the denouement of the great socialist experiment. It appears that no one, nor any socialist revolution, can escape the reach of capitalism or the transforming power of capitalism to re-create or re-invent itself in all possible situations. ‘All that is solid melts into air.’ With the closing of the final chapter of the 20th Century, the socialist narrative has ended in its own falsification. In fact, the socialist revolutions of the 20th Century laid the foundations for new kinds or new styles or new versions of 21st Century capitalisms. Capitalism has proved that it possesses the power and capacity to reinvent itself in the face of the relentless march of world-historical anti-capitalist revolutions, meaning that it has proved able to even re-invent itself from within the inner citadels of Leninist inspired versions of revolutionary ‘scientific’ socialisms. To repeat: No one anticipated the inevitable and catastrophic ‘self-engineered’ collapse of all socialisms founded on the so-called revolutionary principles of Marxist-Leninism, vanguardism and democratic centralism. It was not supposed to happen! But of course, any student of Bakunin could have seen this coming from a long way off. And of course, this lends a peculiarly poignant pathos to the lives of those South African Jews who selflessly dedicated themselves to the socialist revolution under the thrall, aegis and veneration of Stalinist Russia. I am an expert on South African Jewry, and I can share some interesting and ironic vignettes of various Jewish heroes who were members of the South African Left and the Communist Party of South Africa. There was the tragic odyssey of Pauline Podbrey and her husband H.A. Naidoo, both South African communists, who shared similar experiences of alterity (otherness), and who after being forced into self-exile in 1951 ended up working as radio broadcasters in Budapest, Hungary, where they were tasked with the job of radio broadcasting pro-communist and pro-Soviet propaganda in English to the West and the rest of the world at the height of the Cold War. They soon discovered that there existed material inconsistencies and contradictions in the content of the pro-Soviet narratives, which they had to broadcast. They discovered that all the socialist countries in the so-called Eastern Bloc and the Soviet Union itself were oligarchical in nature and were ruled by a small privileged class of elites, confirming the so-called Bakuninian theory regarding the emergence of an elitist bureaucratic class. Their experiences also confirmed the existence, operation and prevalence of the iron law of the oligarchy, which Robert Michels wrote so much about. Podbrey and Naidoo in Kafkaesque fashion discovered that the social, economic and political order and organization of all so-called socialist countries were based on hierarchies of social domination, and were not in any manner of speaking egalitarian in nature. They continued to discover that the propaganda narratives they were broadcasting were based on lies, fabrications and falsehoods. In addition, the grey, drab, joyless and sullen city of Budapest did not live up to their expectations of what a socialist city should be like, nor did the miserable demeanours, defeated deportments, negative attitudes and appalling conditions of the factory workers live up to socialist expectations. There was no evidence of joy or conviviality or any evidence of human flourishing among the working class, the atmosphere was grim, heavy and thick with oppression, and the dark shadow of repression was evident everywhere. There was no evidence of well-being in the lives of the factory workers. Well-being was the missing element everywhere. There was no well-being anywhere, everything was so grim and grey and miserable. Real living socialism had turned out to be a disappointing farce. For their own sanity and sense of integrity, they ended up leaving Hungary. Neither the communist party community in England nor the members of the Communist Party of South Africa who were in exile in England believed their reports about the reign of lies, fabrications, oppression, repression, social domination, social stratification, social rank, hierarchies, privileged elites, worker exploitation, censorship and corruption in the Socialist countries. Their stories fell on deaf ears. For speaking the truth of what they had learnt at first hand they were expelled from the communist party. The stories of the inner workings of the Communist Party of South Africa during the time of turbulent history 1930s are also particular tragic. In this connection, the fates of Lazar Bach and the brothers Maurice and Paul Richter provide another vignette of the kind of fatal reversals that were experienced in the political careers of communists during the Stalinist terror of the 1930s. Their stories represent a typical example of the kind of tragic communist ironies that raged during the time of the great purges. As a delegation of members of the Communist Party of South Africa, they travelled to Russia for the purpose of resolving factional conflicts within the ranks of the party regarding the nature of the revolutionary objective with regard to the African population in South Africa. They arrived in the Soviet Union in late 1935 during the peak of the unleashing of the great terror. Stalin though his dark and successful machinations within the Soviet Oligarchy had managed to ascend to the very top of the hierarchy of political power, and in order to secure his position of political dominance was ruthlessly orchestrating the deadly purging of all political opposition within the ranks of the Soviet and all allied Communist Parties. Somehow the three Jews from South Africa had unwittingly become embroiled in the deadly complexities of communist politics in Moscow. The Richter brothers were arrested, charged for counter-revolutionary activities and sentenced to hard labour in the gulags. Bach was also arrested and charged for counter-revolutionary activities, and sentenced to hard labour. He ended up starving to death in one of Stalin’s gulags. The Richter brothers were accused of attempting to organize a rebellion within their labour camps and were subsequently shot by a firing squad. The fate of the three South African remained unknown for more than 50 years. Eventually, as a result of family investigations, which were made possible following the collapse of socialism after 1989, it was established from the records that after being arrested by Stalin’s secret police they were subjected to interrogation and forced to sign false confessions. A repetition of the kind of narratives that fill the pages of Solzhenitsyn’s dystopian book ‘The Gulag Archipelago’. On the basis of their confessions, they were expelled from the Communist Party of South Africa. From a historical perspective, the South African Communist Party predictably mutated into a rigidly Stalinist oligarchical political organization confirming Michel’s iron law of the oligarchy and also Bakunin’s critique of Marx. The dystopian narratives captured in the pages of Arthur Koestler’s ‘Darkness at Noon’ and George Orwell’s ‘Animal Farm’ or his ‘1984’ mirror historical realities which refuse to go away. There is another interesting vignette behind Orwell’s essay ‘Inside the Whale’, which includes a review of Henry Miller’s ‘Tropic of Cancer’. On his way to join the anarchists fighting Franco’s fascists in Spain, Orwell had dinner in Paris with Miller in 1936, possibly while Bach and the Richter brothers were been interrogated by Stalin’s secret police. Miller expressed a telling sentiment of indifference to Orwell’s political commitment to fighting for justice and freedom against Franco’s fascists in Spain. Yet as a parting gesture he did give Orwell his corduroy jacket which he recommended as being an outfit more fitting for fighting Franco than the blue suit which Orwell happened to be wearing. Here we have five different men, in the characters of Bach, the Richter brothers, Orwell and Miller all simultaneously contemporaneous on the turbulent stage of history in the year 1936. We have three Communists, and two different kinds of Anarchists in the form of Orwell and Miller, all sealing their appointed fates with history, all taking different forks in the road, and all arriving at separate destinations. Not being enlightened by the writings of Michels or Bakunin the three Communists from South Africa could be viewed from the advantage of historical hindsight as suffering the tragic consequences of being ignorant of the dystopian plots which plague human history. Not having the critical insight of Michel or knowledge of the prehistory of humanity, Hegel believed that world history can be reconstructed from various data sources (it was post-Neolithic data) as a rational process in which its meaning and significance can be revealed. This belief is not consonant with a scientific view of the evolution of the universe which sees everything as the material consequences of the operation of blind forces. The forces happen to be blind in the sense of being purposeless and goalless. They pursue no ultimate end goals or end-purposes. For example, in line with this kind of thinking or reasoning, one cannot state that the purpose or end goal or intention or design of gravity in bringing about the gravitation collapse of a nebula was the creation of a solar system with a sun at its centre around which planets orbit. Likewise, one cannot state that the goal or purpose of the lifecycle of stars was the thermonucleosynthesis of the elements of the periodic table, including the elemental building blocks of life, and eventually life itself. Within this materialist or physicalist theoretical framework, human history has no ultimate purpose or goal, which means that human history has no overarching destination towards which it has been marching throughout the ages. Our strivings have all been in vain. Contrary to this view, Hegel proposes that human history has indeed a direction and a destination. He would have us believe that human history embodies progress towards a collective consciousness of freedom and knowledge of the truth. The freedom which Hegel envisages from a rational perspective has to be ultimately the freedom of the individual. However, this is a very modern idea, and also a much-contested idea, an idea the materialization of which would have been inconceivable in the ancient world or in traditional societies or even in the twentieth century Leninist or Stalinist vision of freedom under socialism. Only the supreme ruler, in the role of the tyrant or despot or monarch or the great man or the great heroic liberator or the leader of the politburo, possessed a will, meaning that no other individual possessed the freedom to exercise an independent will, which also meant that the despot or monarch or great leader was the only truly free individual in all matters of ultimate concern to human life. Only the supreme ruler enjoys the autonomy and sovereignty of individual personhood regarding self-determination. 
2.
How was it at all possible that social class divisions managed to come into existence under Marxist-Leninist socialism in the Soviet Union and the countries which fell into the Communist Eastern Bloc, that is, countries which happen to lie behind the so-called iron curtain? The answer depends on the empirical and objective clarification of the concept of class. This is not only a political question, it is also a social anthropological question. The mere posing of the question means that the concept of social classes cannot be historically restricted only to capitalism. In all post-Neolithic forms of sociality, almost all societies that have ever existed have been class-based, meaning that recognizable class divisions were unmistakably evident in the way these societies were structured and in the ways in which they functioned with respect to their social organization, political economies and modes of production. One can safely conclude that the overwhelming majority of post-Palaeolithic social formations were socially stratified into different classes with the different class divisions reflecting unequal standing with respect to their ranking in a hierarchy of social domination. This means that paradigmatically we cannot anchor our notions of class solely in capitalistic social and economic relationships. Class divisions and conflicting class interests are exemplifiable in all social formations and all modes of production, and therefore ultimately in all forms of post-Palaeolithic sociality including pre-capitalist, capitalist and socialist societies. The iron law of the oligarchy rules in all social formations. Rationally it is possible within a Marxist theoretical framework to subject socialism to class analysis and demonstrate the existence of inequalities due to class divisions that have arisen as an inevitable consequence of social stratification with respect to rank in a hierarchy of social dominance. At the top of the socialist hierarchy would be the ruling political elite who perpetuate and also exert their power and control over the entire social formation through systems of patronage and terror. 
3.
Interestingly, a social anthropological approach can be applied to demonstrate the reproduction of class divisions and class inequalities and hierarchicalization of systems of social and political dominance under so-called Marxist socialism using the social dynamics of pre-capitalist social formations as the theoretical framework or paradigm or model for understanding the essential nature of the structure and functioning of Soviet and Eastern Bloc socialist social formations. It is now recognized that post-Palaeolithic or Holocenic pre-capitalist ‘tribal’ or pre-capitalist ‘traditional’ social formations were not classless but all shared striking structural and functional homologies with 20th century Marxist-Leninist socialisms. Pre-capitalist traditional societies share a similar structural and functional characteristics with historical Marxian socialism such as: the absence of private property, the absence of a universal free-market, the imposition in a top-down fashion of politically organized systems for regulating the re-distribution of social surpluses, the prioritization of the political and ideological over economic relationships and also over other kinds of social relationships and social institutions. These conditions or states of affairs are politically and ideologically orchestrated or regulated or controlled through mechanisms of social stratification and through the hierarchicalization of social domination. Under these conditions, the inevitable and spontaneous emergence of political elites, class divisions, class inequalities and class conflict occurs in an almost natural law-like fashion. In all instances, an oligarchy emerges, hence the iron law of the oligarchy. The formation of oligarchies is driven by an innate dystopian impulse. In the post-Palaeolithic universe egalitarianism can only exist as a myth.
4.
In the Soviet Union, and also generally in the formulation and practice of 20th Century Marxian socialism, the hegemonic ideas which informed and drove the institutionalization of socialism depended significantly and critically on the radical re-conceptualization of production and work or labour, and it was this re-conceptualization which gave rise to a peculiar socialist mythological narrative which had a dystopian resonance, especially bearing in mind the concrete existence of the realities of social classes, class divisions, class inequalities and class conflict within all the various material embodiments of historical Marxian socialisms. In the myth of these socialisms, all workers had a sacred duty to work hard and diligently and productively for the socialist state, all workers were cast in the role of co-owners of the means of production, all workers had equal stakes in benefitting fully from the proceeds of their productive labours, all the use-values or utilities produced by the workers would be distributed equally and fairly to all without exception,  and all workers as co-owners of the means of production would be actually working for themselves. However, the socialist reality was very different. The workers did not participate collectively in the making of important economic decisions. These decisions were made by a self-appointed political elite on the behalf of the workers. In reality, the workers had no real economic agency. In fact, they had no control over the forces of production. As workers, they had been reduced to complete passivity. Under these states of affairs, the workers could hardly be construed as co-owners of the means of production. Their so-called co-ownership of the means of production was a convenient myth that served an ideological function. There was no need for trade unions. As co-owners of the means of production, workers were not selling their labour as a commodity. How could they sell their labour to themselves? In fact, under the conditions of worker co-ownership of the entire socialist economy, wage-labour simply did not exist. However, under Marxian socialism, the ruling political elite was faced with practical problems when it came to managing a socialist political economy. For example, lack of worker motivation and worker productivity became a serious economic problem. The ruling political elite was facing the same problems which capitalists had to deal with regarding the employment of workers such as extracting the maximum amount of labour effort from the workers for the least possible cost. But remember, the workers as co-owners of the entire socialist economy were supposed to be working for themselves and not anyone else. There should have been a convergence between the private personal interests of the individual workers and the collective good of the general public. The private material interests of individual workers were supposed to be identical with the general material interests of the community taken as a whole. Workers also had material needs. Even under socialism, the degree to which many of their material needs were satisfied did indeed depend on the level of remuneration or wages for labour rendered. Rationally and also technically the individual workers as co-owners of the means of production toil primarily for satisfying their private needs and interests. However, the workers are also technically employed by the state. In actual reality, they are not self-employed! In reality, under the USSR and allied socialist countries, the entire economy was owned by the state. The socialist economy was a monopoly owned by the state. The state monopolized every dimension of the economy. If the socialist economy was managed as a state-owned monopoly with all decision-making powers vested in a managerial bureaucracy then how were the rights and interests of workers realized at a practical level within the realm of work and life general. The officialdom belonging to the bureaucratic class promulgate and administer state policy regarding all aspects of the socialist economy. All planning and decisions regarding the operation and organization of the economy were made by politicians and officials at the highest level of the state apparatus on behalf of the workers, but not necessarily in the real interests of the workers. In actual reality, the workers had been reduced to powerless and passive employees of the state. But in terms of the grand narrative of socialist mythology, the workers are actually the co-owners of the means of production, therefore as workers working for themselves does this not mean that the workers actually own the products of their labours, and surely if they own the products of their labours the workers should be free to dispose of the products of their labour as they wish. Ironically, for Lenin, and also for all historical forms of Marxist socialism in general, there always existed a moral dimension to socialist labour or the nature of work under socialism, and especially for communism. From a moral standpoint, labour or work under the condition of socialism, and especially under communism, labour has to be expended as free labour for the sake of society as a whole. Thus work in a genuine socialist or communist society should be a spontaneous, uncoerced duty or obligation or responsibility for everyone. Work should in all instances be undertaken without any expectation of remuneration. It should always be undertaken solely to serve the common good for the benefit of everyone. This socialist or communist categorical imperative could be put even stronger. Work should be undertaken as a conscious and intentional moral necessity for the life and benefit of everyone. This is in line with Marx’s own moral view regarding the ethical nature of work in a communist society. In Marx’s Critique of the Gotha Programme, he states the following: ‘…at the highest stage of communist society…labour will cease to be solely a means of living and become in itself a primary necessity of life.’ Under socialism work as a moral imperative become an obligate necessity solely for the life and welfare of everyone, and for no other reason such as personal financial reward or individual personalized financial benefit. Like the Protestant work ethic, the communist work ethic involves working not for the sake of personal consumption bur rather for a higher purpose which transcends the mere satisfying of personal needs through the consumption of use-values. In the fulfilment of this moral imperative which underlays the socialist or communist conceptualization of work, the motivation, nature and goals of work have always been towards the realization of some transcendental good or purpose or end at the expense of individual consumption or needs. With regard to the Soviet Union and allied socialist countries, the existence of this moral imperative could be supported empirically from the evidence of economic data. The state accumulated the surplus value generated by workers into its capitalization projects that did not address or serve the material needs of workers. The levels of worker consumption as a fraction of GDP declined drastically while investment into capitalization projects increased exponentially. Compared to labour under Western Capitalism, workers under socialism made greater sacrifices for the glorification of the state. The surpluses generated by socialist workers also involved the transfer of unequal material benefits to a bloated officialdom and the political elite at the expense of satisfying worker needs. The highway to all dystopian destinations has always been paved with moral imperatives serving some overriding transcendental purpose, that is moral imperatives which necessarily entail that inordinate sacrifices need to be made by individual workers on behalf of a sovereign state. While Marx and Lenin expressed strong aversions to morality, especially arguments based on morality, mainly because morality was viewed as something bourgeois, they turned out in reality to be super moralists. Under all historical forms of socialism, the sacrificial burden of categorical moral imperatives was borne solely by the workers while the bureaucratic elite as a class was spared any untoward suffering.



Chapter five

1.
In the Southern Suburbs of Jo’burg a lofty rocky ridge by the water towers on the road to Steeledale offers an eagle eyes view of the ravaged and ransacked landscape created by the gold mining belt, also riven with its converging nexus of roads and railway lines. Until recently, all the roads and railway lines which traversed the length and breadth of the mining belt converged onto the inner-city of Jo’burg which was not only the hub of South Africa’s gold mining industry but also the centre of its early rapid industrialization. However, the most important railway line was the line that run between Jo’burg and Delagoa Bay in Mozambique. The profitability of the entire gold mining industry depended almost solely on this easterly bound Delagoa Bay railway line. On this specific railway line run the so-called notorious ‘night trains’ which transported the Thonga-Shangaan men of Sul do Save to and from the goldmines. It was the surplus value extracted from the labour of their bodies, from their sweat, muscles and blood, which financed not only the building of Jo’burg’s inner-city, but also the capitalization of South Africa’s financial, real estate and industrial development. Ultimately, without the coercive and exploitive consumption of cheap black labor-power, the gold embedded in the reefs buried deep beneath the earth, would never have been transformed into that value bearing commodity that 9so fabulously enriched the Randlords, the otherwise predatory robber barons who controlled the diamond and gold mining industry in South Africa.
2.
My father was dumped off at an orphanage as an infant, and as a toddler he grew up in a string of foster homes before he was eventually adopted at the age of three. As McFate would have it, or the wiles of serendipity, my father’s adoptive parents lived in Plantation (a suburb in Boksburg) in a house a block away from Railway Street which runs parallel to the main railway lines, which included the railway line upon which the night trains rolled between Jo’burg and Mozambique. The railway lines from Jo’burg’s Park Station run through all the towns of the East Rand including Germiston, Boksburg, Benoni, Brakpan and Springs. From the City of Springs, the railways lines continued across what was once the Eastern Transvaal cutting through the temperate rolling Highveld grassland plains to the very edge of the great plateaux before descending down the escarpment into the tropical savannas of what used to be called the Lowveld. After Springs on their passage to and from Lourenço Marques, the trains stopped at Witbank, Middleburg, Nelspruit, and Komatipoort. At Komatipoort the night trains would cross the border from South Africa into Mozambique or from Mozambique into South Africa. 
3.
As you now know, the same railway lines ran parallel to the street (Railway Street) in which my mom stayed in that two storey pastel blue tiny block of flats in her equally tiny single bedroom flat. My dad grew up as a trainspotter. As a child my dad laid in his bed in Plantation, Boksburg, listening in the dark depths of the night to the approach of trains coming and then going, from the east and the west, and the distinctive Doppler effect on the frequency of the sound waves of the approaching and passing train were always experienced as something lonely and forlorn, something which merged with his own sense of lostness and displacement and disconnection and un-belonging. Here was a white boy in Plantation, Boksburg, listening to the distinctive sounds of different trains passing by in the middle of the night. It was not the night trains to Auschwitz filled with the doomed souls of Jews. It was the night trains coming from Mozambique packed with Mozambicans, the so-called ‘mine boys’, on their passage to the Witwatersrand goldfields. Like the Mozambican ‘mine boys’, my parents never told their own life stories in a storybook fashion, from a beginning to an ending where everyone lived happily ever after. I had to reconstruct their life history from snatches and bits and pieces and loose ends of conversation over many years. They did not view their lives as sufficient unique or important to merit a systematic retelling from the beginning to the end, where the end would bring to bear some final denouement or closure to the narratives of their existence. In other words, I was left to make the circle complete. Like most people on this earth, they lived undocumented lives. No one was keeping a record of their lives. No one was going to tell their story once they had departed. But they never saw their lives as a story worth telling to anyone or by anyone in particular. They did not view their lives in terms of a story which could possibly contain some value or significance or meaning or enchantment or interest or fascination with regard to any detail or event which would merit a re-telling for all prosperity, for all to hear or read, for all to know, for all to take note of, and to ponder upon. Theirs would not be a story for anyone to shed a tear over, or to be moved by or to even be inspired by. Yet the undocumented life is full of ironies and paradoxes. What may seem insignificant often becomes pregnant with meaning in the fullness of time. My father could have been the only other historically sensitive and discerning ear in the history of the universe who heard and remembered the passing of the night trains filled with Mozambican passengers on their hidden and mysterious journeys, journeys and destinations fraught with all kinds of ordeals, tribulations, tragedies, accidents, threats and dangers which never made any headline news in any evening newspaper. So too with the lives of my parents. In the big scheme of the Universe or Multiverse, their lives generated not even the minutest passing interest to anyone. The story of their lives remained as obscure and unknowable as the narratives of the lives of those Mozambicans on the night trains. Maybe they heard those passing night trains whistling past in the dead of night while lying awake in their respective beds, their eyes wide-open, staring into the dark, listening to the trains passing by, clickety-clack, clickety-clack. They both had a thing about trains. They loved train movies. For example: The General (1927), Shanghai Express (1932), Twentieth Century (1934), The Lady Vanishes (1938), Night Train to Munich (1940), Brief Encounter (1945), Strangers on a Train (1951), The Narrow Margin (1952), Night Train (1959), The Train (1965), Von Ryan’s Express (1965), Murder on the Orient Express (1974). Makes one think that cinema would be nothing without trains. It has been said that the train has been the greatest dramatis persona in screen history. From a Jewish perspective the train journey and the Shoah belong together. Think of the train scenes in ‘The Pianist’ and ‘Schindler’s List’. My parents now lay buried in the Boksburg Cemetery. Each time their funeral services were perfunctory. However, each time after their respective burials we went back to my parent’s home in Witfield. Kamilla and Alžběta’s mothers organized the tea. I bought the cakes and biscuits. Each time we sat in the lounge sipping tea while we talked about the good old days in Boksburg and how things have changed for the worse. We all shedded tears. Kamilla and Alžběta fussed over me. They hugged me, they wept, and they sat on each side of me on the sofa tightly holding my hands. Both reminded me that I was like a brother to them. I was the brother they never had. And I dutifully responded that they had been like sisters to me. They confessed that my dad and mother had been like their own uncle and aunt. There was no denying it, the bonds between us were indeed deep and meaningful. 
3.
There is more that I wish to say about the funerals of my parents. The same Methodist minister who I had contacted to conduct my mother’s funeral service at the funeral parlour also conducted the funeral service for my dad. Each time I explained to the minister that they were not religious nor observant, but that they were good people who always believed in doing what was right. Each time he obliged. He said that they both deserved a proper burial irrespective of their religious standing. And he also said that with G-d it did not matter whether they were religious or not. G-d was not that petty. Anyway, how could it possibly matter to G-d whether they were religious or not? This is what the minister said. He was really a fine man, an educated man, a philosopher and a theologian. The congregation of mourners on both occasions was small. They were our next-door neighbours, Kamilla and her parents, Alžběta and her parents, the Portuguese greengrocer, the Greek café owner, the Indian woman who was the co-owner of a dry goods store in Cason Road, and the Coloured cashier from the local Spar. They were the people who had known my mom and dad for years. The same motley assembly of individuals who came to bid my mother farewell also pitched up at my father’s funeral. After the burials, they all came over to our home in Witfield. In the lounge after the burials, I tearfully rendered the eulogies for my mom and dad, respectively. I spoke at length, more than 15 minutes, about their lives, piecing together a narrative that bore testimony to the lives they had lived. As far as I knew, I was their only living relative. Each of the mourners also felt the need to render their eulogies. On both occasions, I organized eats and liquid refreshments. For my dad’s funeral, I organized liquor, wine, beer and spirits. On both occasions, the Methodist minister accepted my invitation to my parent’s home in Witfield after the burial. He addressed me as Dr Swift, which felt somewhat strange. Never before had a drop of liquor been drunk in my parent’s home. Everyone barring me became pleasantly tipsy and happily tearful, including the Methodist minister, as we commemorated the lives of my parents and spoke at length about the past that we had all shared in Witfield, Boksburg. Like Kamilla and Alžběta I too would soon be leaving Witfield and Boksburg for good. 
4.
The past has gone forever as my dad said shortly before he died. The new South Africa was not his world. In his last days, he spoke about Johannesburg as it used to be. He remembered so much, down to the very details of the frontages, porticoes, facades, cornices, columns, colonnades, gables, arches of buildings, like the old OK Bazaars built in 1937 in Eloff Street, hugged between President and Pritchard Streets. Round the corner in Pritchard Street was the old Royalty Building that was once also the home of a bio cafe. He said: ‘It was in the early 1960s that I started dating your mom. ‘She’s in love with me and I feel fine’, that was a line from the pop song ‘I feel fine’ which was a hit at the time.’ And I listened and he continued: ‘In 1964 after we married it was the time of the Beatles. At the OK Bazaars in Eloff Street, they were selling Beatle dolls. She always insisted that she was Spanish, but she fell in love with the Beatles. She could speak and read Spanish perfectly. After we got married, she wanted to get ‘Don Quixote’ by Miguel de Cervantes in Spanish. I had to order the book and she read the entire book several times, I think she felt that she had to prove to me that she was indeed Spanish, and not Portuguese or Mozambican. Reading the book ‘Don Quixote’ by Cervantes made her more Spanish. If there ever was a proud Spaniard, it was your mom. I accepted that she was Spanish. I never doubted once that she was not Spanish. To me my mother was Spanish. I am proud to say without any shadow of a doubt that she was indeed truly Spanish. And this was strange because when Dimitri Tsafendas stabbed Verwoerd to death she took a keen interest in the case. He was a Greek of sorts. She was so glad that Verwoerd was stabbed to death, and said that Dimitri Tsafendas had done the world a great favour. She could not speak or understand a word of Afrikaans and she never learnt the language. My father often said: ‘Your mom was a very intelligent and beautiful woman, in another world and another time she could have risen to such greats heights that I cannot even imagine.’ I asked: ‘What about you, who are you?’ ‘Who knows?’ he answered philosophically.’ ‘All I can say is that I am a Swift, whatever that means in the world of names,’ he answered. ‘I am proudly a Swift, I belong to that name,’ he affirmed with unshakeable conviction. As I discovered on Google it was an ancient Anglo-Saxon name going back to the 7th Century. I am the progeny of an ancient Anglo-Saxon and Spanish-African lineage. But now I am a Jew in Africa. A Jew by choice as the American Jewish converts like to say. Like my mom’s decision to self-identify as Spanish, I have chosen to be a Jew. ‘Being white can be quite complicated even in South Africa,’ he concluded. This long conversation was concluded at the Black Steer steak house in Yeoville located next to Louis Botha Avenue. They served the best spare ribs in Jo’burg. My mother was Spanish, I will never deny this. Maria Swift (nee Sánchez), no Maria Sánchez! My mother! I salute her. I salute my ancestors, those intrepid Sánchez settlers. According to Wikipedia the name Sánchez is more than 1700 years old. To quote from Wikipedia: ‘The ancestors of individuals with the surname Sánchez may include those who invaded and/or settled in Spain during its long history. Such as the Celts, Vikings, Phoenicians, Iberians, Romans, Visigoth's, Mohammedans and Sephardic Jews. In addition, those who bore the name of Sánchez and who migrated to the New World have in turn bequeathed that name to many Native Americans, Africans, or those of other ancestries.’
5.
Talking about Jo’burg movie theatres from a memory lane perspective let me give you a poetic glimpse into the past. Old-timers may recall the ‘Curzon’ in Kotze Street Hillbrow, and the ‘Plaza’ at the corner of Rissik and Jeppe Streets, and the ‘Pigalle’ opposite the OK Bazaars (or was it Pick n Pay) in Jorissen Street Braamfontein, and the ‘Roxy’ a bio café near the Quirinale Hotel in Hillbrow. In Jeppe Street there used to be the ‘Bijou’. In Kensington, there used to be the ‘Regent’ just around the corner from Langermann Drive and Queen Street. The ‘Gem’ was at the top of Kensington in Roberts Avenue, opposite the Oribi Hotel, on the border with Fairview. In Troyeville, there was the ‘Regal’ on the corner of Apollonia and what is now Albertina Sisulu Street. If you drive past you can still read the legend ‘Regal’ on the gable of the original building. In the old white working-class suburb of Malvern, on the corner of Jules and Naiad Streets there used to be a movie house called the ‘Kinema’ and some distance to the east, next to the old Malvern Hotel on the corner of Jules and 19th Streets there used to be another movie house called the ‘Metropolis’. In Doornfontein there use to be the ‘Apollo’. These various buildings, each one located once upon a time in a special space, where they functioned as cinema venues for so many generations of Jo’burg movie-goers, are now still recognizable as memorial landmarks by their unique facades and 20th Century art deco architecture. Driving past them now, one can imagine the Friday and Saturday night queues lined up at ticket box offices by the movie house entrance. Once inside, ushers with torches could escort the patrons to their seats. Most of the patrons who were once regulars at these movie houses are now long dead. Gable fasciae surviving as architectural relics of many once-popular movie houses now serve as reminders of Jo’burg’s golden ‘olden days’. And on some of the facades, you can still see the faded names, ‘Plaza, Ritz, Odeon, or Apollo’. In our Bellevue days before we moved into our new home in Mondeor, it became an interesting pastime for us to visit as many of these old bioscopes as we could. As you know, my father and mom were fans of the movies. So I must have got my love of movies from them. When he dated my mom, they went to the movies at every opportunity. I don’t think there is a movie house in Jo’burg which has not been visited by my dad and mom. When I was old enough maybe three years old, the three of us also frequented the movie houses in Johannesburg, especially for the Saturday morning matinee shows. I would often say to Millicent: ‘I remember this movie house from way back.’ And she would answer: ‘Me too!’ One by one the old movie houses or bioscopes as they used to be called closed down. And with their closure, something from the past was lost forever.
6.
My father passed away on the 3rd of January 1990. After winding up his estate and affairs, I put the house on the market and moved on the 1st of February 1990 into a flat in Monis Mansions on the corner of Jeppe and Harrison Street. Located a few blocks south of the railway line it was within easy walking distance to my new job as a lecturer in the Genetics Department at the University of the Witwatersrand. I walked to Wits along Harrison Street in a northerly direction crossing the railway lines via what was once named the New Bridge, now renamed Harrison Street Bridge, which was originally built in 1947. Jeppe Street has since been renamed Rahima Moosa Street. Jeppe Street was originally named after Sir Julius Gottlieb Ferdinand Jeppe, born in Germany in 1859, and died in 1929 in South Africa. He was a member of a prominent Jewish but German-assimilated family. The three Jeppe brothers, who were German immigrants, played a prominent role in the early history of Jo’burg. The first brother, Hermann Otto Jeppe arrived in South Africa or rather the Zuid Afrikaansche Republiek (ZAR) in 1850s. Strictly speaking, South Africa with its borders as we now know it did not exist as a country or nation state at the time. There was then no place on earth called South Africa. The ZAR eventually became the Transvaal Province. He was followed by his younger brother Friedrich Heinrich Jeppe who arrived in Jo’burg in 1861. The third brother Julius Jeppe arrived in Jo’burg in 1870. Friedrich Jeppe was the cartographer who mapped the Transvaal. Mapping, map-making and land surveying were critical in the hegemonic structuring of the Transvaal Boer Republic (ZAR). Cartography played a central role in expanding the frontiers of colonization by demarking the boundaries of individual farms within regions designated as farmland, and also by drawing the borders of villages, towns and cities, and in this process, cartography became an instrument for the dispossession of land from the original aboriginal inhabitants by the white settlers. Geometry, trigonometry, optics, theodolites, measuring tapes, marked poles, pencil and paper, the instruments of land surveying and map-making were weaponized to conquer and advance the frontiers of colonization. Without cartography, no country can come into existence. Without the certification of boundary lines on a map or atlas or a globe no country can exist as an objective and recognizable geopolitical entity. It is by virtue of a politically ‘certified’ geography that a nation state is brought into existence. The whole process of midwifing a country into existence from nothing (terra nullius) can be reduced to the opportunistic and malfeasant human machinations within space, time and place. The third brother, Julius Jeppe, reaping the windfall of cartography, eventually became a gold mining and property magnate. Jeppe High School and the suburb Jeppestown were named after him. As I have said, the Jews built Jo’burg, plus the Transvaal, and not to mention the entire modern industrialized South Africa of the twentieth century. 
7.
Anyway, at that stage, I had not yet met Millicent (I knew about her, I had felt her presence at Damelin College during our high school years, so in that sense, I was acquainted with her ‘being’, but without actually knowing her on the level of friendship) and I could never have imagined that I would end up marrying her, and end up becoming a Jew, and so this was my situation in life, as I walked through the streets of the inner-city of Jo’burg at night while staying in Monis Mansions. My night walks through the streets of the inner-city were a way of mourning my father. The streets were saturated with memories of his presence. While I was a pupil at Damelin College or an undergraduate student at Wits he would often take the afternoon off and I would meet him on the stairs at the entrance of the Johannesburg library and we would walk the streets, visiting shops and places, often in search of a surprise present for my mom or some item she needed or something he wanted. On our excursions, he always expressed an architectural interest in many of the buildings in the inner-city. He freely admitted that it had been his ambition to become an architect. I felt sad that he had never realized his dream. He had a very good Leica camera and he was forever taking pictures of the facades of buildings. Over the years, he had built up several albums of photos that he had taken of buildings in the inner-city. I have those albums and over the years, I have paged through them countless times. And each time when examining the images of building facades it was like re-visiting the past, going down memory lane, and the photographs would awaken an incredible mixture of emotions of forlornness, nostalgia and loss. Now with the facades and histories of buildings etched or hardwired into my brain I began to walk the streets at night and on weekends. Unlike the past, it was now a dangerous pastime, but not without its rewards. 
8.
There is another side to the meaning and experience and resonance of nostalgia with regard to returning to one’s home and origins. Jo’burg was my home and my origin in many ways. The Greek word for ‘Reason’ is nous and to be sure, it is indeed related to the idea of returning, of coming home or even of repatriation, all of which resonates with the meaning and sense of the Greek word nostos. We can associate the ‘nostalgic’ with the interconnected etymological meanings of nous (Reason) and nostos (Return) with the nostalgia of Homer’s ‘Odysseus’ in the Odyssey with Hegel’s ‘Mind or Spirit in the Phenomenology of the Spirit’. And there is more to my wondering through the streets of Jo’burg. The names of streets, places and spaces are nostalgically and inextricably interwoven into the narrative or story of not only my own life but also with respect to your life dear reader. And in unravelling the meaning of our shared nostalgia which features so prominently in the narration or storytelling of personal journeys and homecomings there is no better place to start or begin than at the very origins or sources or wellsprings of our spiritual and cultural heritage with are rooted in the writings of the Greeks and the Hebrews, in the Occident and the Orient. We are an ancient people. Going back to the Greek etymology of the words ‘narration’ and ‘knowledge’ we discover their filiation or common ancestry. The English words ‘narrative’ and ‘knowledge’ have been derived from the Greek words narrare and gnoscere, respectively. Knowledge has certain affinities with storytelling or narration in the sense that there is a narrative dimension to the development and growth of knowledge, a process that entails a gathering together of events and episodes into the coherent order of a story about something, which also represents an endeavour which knowledge (gnoscere) shares with narrative (narrare) or storytelling. Knowledge or knowing can also be imagined as an activity that involves a ‘sniffing’ out with the ‘nose’. The Greek word for the storyteller is gnarus and the Greek word for the knowledgeable person is gnaris. It has been proposed that the Greek word nous used for Reason or Mind has been derived from the Indo-European word noos which also means sniffing out. Nietzsche also made this Greek/Indo-European connection between knowing and smelling. He wrote that ‘my genius lies in my nostrils’. So my wanderings through the streets, places and spaces during Jo’burg’s dying years also represented a deep and intimate nostalgic entanglement with my cultural heritage whose roots were firmly anchored in the soil and foundations of that City. From Hegel’s ‘Logic’: ‘The aim of knowledge is to divest the objective world that stands opposed to us of its strangeness, and, as the phrase is, to find ourselves at home in it: which means no more than to trace the objective world back to the notion – to our innermost self.’

9.
And so as it goes (Kurt Vonnegut: So it goes), there was a lyrical-philosophical dimension to my wonderings and journeys and paths and quests, to my day and night forays through the streets of the inner-city, during the late 1980s and early 1990s. The Greek root or stem for road or street or way or path is οδός (odós). We can think of the street as the way, the way by means of which we can return, return to our home or origins or roots or past. We can think of the odós of Homer’s ‘Odyssey’ in terms of the ‘way’ taken to return home. To return home also in a manner which resonates with Hegel’s idea of the ‘experiences’ (Erfahrung) of spirit or consciousness in his book ‘The Phenomenology of Spirit’ (Mind), especially in regard to the ‘way’ that spirit or consciousness returns home to Absolute Knowledge or Truth or the Idea. And so I was trying to find the ‘way’ to return home in so many different ‘ways’: emotional, psychological,  imaginatively, or existentially or metaphysically or through a magical experience of déjà vu, so that I could know and thus experience what it must have felt like then. ‘Felt like then!’ Somehow, that was more real, like discovering or experiencing something profound for the first time, like falling in love for the very first time. There was something that I wanted to recapture, to relive, to be reunited with, to rediscover, to remember, to regain, to find again, to return, to what had been lost in the spectral mists of the retreating past. It was a form of knowledge, an experience of consciousness. A coming home. A home-coming. A return to something. If I could have that experience, I would immediately say – ‘this is it!’ I can truly feel it. In fact, the word ‘revolution’ means to return to the origin, to what had been before the rise of the oligarchy. This would also be what it means to return to the Truth of the Absolute or the Idea in the Hegelian sense. The journey is always back to the origins. To our ancestral home. To the hearth where the kindle of the fireplace was first lit. To what we were before the emergence of the oligarchy. The destination for the journey of non-return is the dystopian horror in which the oligarchy is recycled as the same or as a repetition of the same until the end of time. In fact, the end is repeated endlessly. Our nostalgia stands in polar opposition to the recycling of dystopias, to the never-ending End. Our nostalgia embodies our subversive memories. We can deconstruct the meaning or significance of the street and its name, the street with its name is the way to that place or space, it is either a way or a non-way, it is either a return to home or non-way into that labyrinthic place of forked roads which leads to the repetition of the same in the form of the dystopia. If we change the street names we change the way, a fork is introduced into the old road, and the new road becomes a never-ending detour on which we can never find the way back home. It is no longer a path or pathway. It is a mere name and nothing else. It goes to no place, even when it ends. It has gone nowhere. And so it goes.
10.
As I have said, the inner-city has been in a state of transition since the late 1970s. Now in the year 1990, with the start of a new decade, I too like the inner-city of Jo’burg had reached a turning point in my life. And so as I walked the streets which were so familiar to me, they would put me into a melancholic mood, and the recent loss of my father kindled a deep nostalgia in me for the past, and I found myself driven to revisit the historical buildings of the inner-city which he had photographed so many times over so many years since the end of World War II. I tried to re-capture in my imagination the life and moods of the inner-city that my father had artistically captured on film and photos and brought to life once more in his cartoon comic strips, invoking in the viewer an incredible sense of spaces and places which no longer existed. In a filmic or cinematic setting, the rhetorical and aesthetic bringing to life of scenes filled with ethos, pathos and mythos is often referred to as the mise en scenes. This ‘stage managing’ or ‘storyboarding’ of the state of affairs called the ‘mise en scenes’ helps to re-create and thereby facilitate the re-experience of atmosphere or mood or character or feeling for a particular occasion or moment or episode in a place, space and time which no longer exists in reality, and which therefore can only be re-established, re-visited and re-experienced emotionally in the imagination. And it takes special skill to achieve this unfolding drama of a superhero character through the medium of the visually static series of cartoon comic frames from which the comic narrative emerges. He was trying to use the form and mood of time, space and place which characterized the Jo’burg inner-city of the 1940s and 1950s to create his own South African version of a Gotham City. It is in my dreams, in the oneiric realm, that I often find myself wondering the places and spaces and times of a Jo’burg inner-city version of Gotham City, a city that is pregnantly familiar, a recognizable dreamscape, yet at the same time surreal and absurd, but always remarkably believable in the parallel universe of the dream. He used the photographs he had taken as references for pencil sketches of buildings and street scenes, which filled the pages of piles of spiralbound A3 Croxley sketchbooks. He had created colourless comic cartoon strip scenes, which needed to be completed with colour, speech bubbles and sub-text and words, which would bring the heroics and evil deeds of his various dramatis personae to life. The pages and pages of comic cartoons in the sketchbooks were filled with staged settings, but they were frozen scenes, there was no action, no life, they were empty of ethos, pathos, logos, mythos and telos. Looking at my dad’s comic cartoons and comic strip pencil drawings, I became aware of how the cartoonist’s construction of a world in the format of the comic cartoon was actually quite an intellectually demanding artistic and writing task. The comic cartoon construction of the world provides interesting insights into how a pictorial representation of the world works as a symbolically meaningful universe. He struggled endlessly with developing these visual narratives. Plots and scripts and storylines filled his head, but the speech bubbles eventually became empty and the narratives fizzled out in pages and pages of bare, stark outlines of figures and scenes of buildings, buildings which I could recognize on the streets of the inner-city of Johannesburg. His albums of photos with their neatly written captions of the inner-city reminded me of a travelogue into the past. If you recall, I did mention the photo albums of the city as fulfilling the role of a travelogue into the past. Maybe he was a pioneering spirit with regard to the creation of what we now in the post-1990s period call virtual reality. Maybe his comic cartoon strips with the appropriate computation coding tools could be encoded to represent a virtual reality in which one could become immersed and indeed engage with and interact with and even have a relationship with all the elements incarnated in that virtual reality. Fast forward into the future: This has now become technologically and computationally a realizable possibility. Virtual reality (VR) is something that can now be experienced, something in which one can become immersed. Think of Marie-Laure Ryan’s pioneering book ‘Immersion and Interactivity in Literature and Electronic Media’ published in 2001, roughly eleven years after my 1990 inner-city wonderings. Maybe this is an opportune moment to remind you once more about how to read this novel. In the word of my editor and redactor, please take note: ‘The novel can be read in any way the reader wishes or chooses. The reader can start anywhere in the novel, and read backwards or forwards. There were many tangential digressions or diversions or detours in the original manuscript. I have decided to leave them embedded as interpolations within the narrative or storyline of this novel. If the reader so chooses, these digressions which are in the form of philosophical explorations or interpolations can be safely skipped or glossed over without any danger of losing the main or integral thread of the story unfolding in the pages of this novel. If the reader can choose to ignore the philosophical digressions then why have they been included in the novel? A good question!’ Yes a good question indeed, as I also recalled repeating to myself. Well, let us go on one of these ‘tangential digressions’, and why not? To quote Ryan: ‘…VR is as old as Palaeolithic art; VR is basically a computer technology; all forms of representation create a VR experience; VR undermines the distinction between fiction  and reality; VR is the triumph of fiction over reality; VR is the art of the twenty-first century, as cinema was for the twentieth…’ What else does Ryan allude to regarding the status of VR? To quote, she states the following: ‘Approaching VR as a semiotic phenomenon, I propose in this book to rethink textuality, mimesis, narrativity, literary theory, and the cognitive processing of texts in the light of the new modes of artistic world construction that have been made possible by recent developments in electronic technology.’ I humbly admit that is writing this novel I have endeavoured to rethink textuality, narrativity, literary theory and the cognitive processing of texts…

11.
Now in February 1990, I found myself revisiting many of these buildings. Especially those which had been built before the 1950s, and standing in their foyers, and going up the lifts, and walking like a visitor down their corridors, climbing up and down their stairs. He said that before he had met my mom he had considered moving into Manners Mansions on the corner of Jeppe and Joubert Street. Named after Sir George Espec John Manners. Designed by the architectural firm of Emley and Williamson and built in 1937-1939. The specific Art Deco features of Manners Mansion have been described as Mendelsohnian. One can see the architectural Mendelsohnian resemblances if you compare Manners Mansion with the architecture of The Mossehaus building in Berlin also designed by Erich Mendelsohn in the early 1920s. The two buildings share similar features, features that became known as the ‘Streamline Moderne’, an example of an international architectural style of Art Deco. Manners Mansion possessed the Streamline architecture, which emphasized curving forms, long horizontal lines, all of which resonated strongly with very specific nautical or maritime elements and features. My father was drawn to this building; I think he may have developed a very personal visual attraction for Manners Mansion.
12.
It was on a Saturday morning at about 11.00 am in February 1990 that I found myself standing once more just inside the entrance of Manners Mansion. The ground floor space had been set aside for high-end or upmarket shops and boutiques that were filled with luxury merchandise. The above floors, all fourteen storeys were filled with exclusive residential apartments. I strolled about the foyer. I remember the Alfred Palmer murals of painted friezes in the foyer of Manners Mansions. The paintings were depictions of the surrounding Johannesburg mining landscapes. I remember viewing the friezes for the first time with my dad while I was still in high school at Damelin College. While absorbing the ambience of the street-level entrance foyer, I happened to see through the shop window a woman with shoulder-length platinum blond hair at the counter concluding her purchase. As she walked out of the shop, our eyes met and lingered for a fraction of a second too long, but sufficiently long enough for her to hesitate. Smiling at me, she said ‘Hello.’ I returned the greeting. I don’t know what came over me, but I said: ‘You are very beautiful.’ ‘Thank you,’ she replied. ‘Are you busy with anything,’ she asked in foreign-sounding and strongly accented English, which I could not place. ‘Where are you from?’ I asked. ‘Romania,’ she answered in a flash. In that brief moment, we had made a connection. She was in her late twenties or early thirties, but she was definitely older than me. ‘Would you like to go for a drink?’ she asked, ‘my apartment is on the seventh floor.’ ‘Maybe later, but if you want I can take you out for lunch, do know of any good restaurants which are nearby?’ I quickly replied without thinking. This is exactly what I meant – without thinking about what I was about to say. And with a beautiful smile, she immediately replied: ‘That would be so excellent, yes I do, we can have lunch at the Johannesburg Sun Hotel, it is about four blocks away down Jeppe Street. It is a short walk away from here but as you can see I am wearing these stiletto high heels, they are not suitable for walking on pavements…’ On the corner, there was a taxi, so I suggested we take the taxi. In 1990 everything and anything had become possible, even Gotham. The ANC had been unbanned and Nelson Mandela had been released after 27 years in prison. South West Africa was now independent and had become Namibia. At the hotel, it was still too early for lunch so we went and sat in a dimly lit but cosy and intimate bar. She ordered a double Glenlivet single malt whiskey and I ordered a Castle Lager, which I finished in a matter of minutes, before ordering a second Castle. I had started feeling incredibly nervous in the company of such a stunningly beautiful older woman and also guilty at the same time by being in the company of this woman who was obviously a hooker. That much I had correctly guessed. I felt guilty in spite of the fact that I was answerable to no one. I was not doing anything wrong! I was 24 years old. I was responsible, I had worked hard, I was diligent and reliable, and courteous, I had already published ten scientific papers and one review in internationally accredited and peer-reviewed journals with high impact factors. I reminded myself that I had indeed done very well for myself in life. I had a PhD and a tenure track job as an academic, plus I was financially well off having inherited my father’s assets and had received his life assurance pay-out. Yet I felt that I was letting my mom and dad down, drinking alcohol in a bar with a prostitute while it was still morning. It is always best to do the right thing. That was what my mom had always said. She thought that Kamilla was a hussy. What would she think about me being with this woman? ‘… Mother, do you think she's dangerous…’ 
13.
Even though I thought that I was doing pretty well for myself, it still felt like the world was coming apart at the seams, and everything was on short notice or up for grabs. The signs were everywhere. Jo’burg was dying. Its appearance had become worn and shabby. Its residential demographics had changed. The majority of whites had moved out of the flats, which were now being occupied, by mainly Indians and Coloureds. My neighbours in Monis Mansions were mainly Indians and Coloureds and some Zimbabweans. I was the only white on my floor. We were all on friendly greeting terms. In fact, I had become very friendly with a few Indian and Coloured women and was even on the brink of dating an attractive young Indian woman, and also a stunning Zimbabwean woman. Always on the brink. This was where I was. Everything seemed to be on the brink of something. Teetering on the brink. On the brink of what? That was the question, which was so hard to answer. Yet there was no doubt that everything seemed to be teetering on the brink of unfathomable uncertainties. The brink was the point of no return. Whatever happens on the brink is irreversible. After that, it was always a downward slide. Jo’burg was now on the brink of terminal decline. This is the fate of any modern city once it has become fully amortized. Following amortization rental values and real estate values begin to fall precipitously, and especially following the migration of property speculators and tenants to greener pastures. If vacated buildings could not be sold or rented, what was left to salvage? Nothing! ‘…All that is solid melts into air…’ How can a city be saved? Save from what? Saved for what? Saved for who? The city fathers who had presided over the fate of the city for decades had been dull and unimaginative white men. The proverbial writing was on the wall, the end of a golden age had finally arrived. The city now on its last legs was staggering in that twilight zone between life and death. It had arrived at that place of no return where the scavengers gather. The vultures had arrived from afar, circling high in the midday sky above its decaying corpse. Out of the shadows, the hyenas had also arrived, drawn by the stench of its rotting carcass. I have resorted to a biological analogy of death and decay and decline and succession and recolonization to describe the dynamics of the social setting into which I had so readily inserted myself by moving into Monis Mansions. Think of ecological succession. Once any ecosystem undergoes a drastic disturbance, which results in the original communities being wiped out, the ecosystem is recolonized by a succession of pioneer communities until some stable climax community becomes established, and only after then does the ecosystem stabilize, entering into a state of dynamic equilibrium. The scramble for the occupation of the inner-city had begun in earnest. In terms of the ecological analogy or metaphor, the Indian and Coloured tenants represent the first wave, a transient wave of occupying communities. They were the temporary pioneers. The inner-city was their stepping stone from the outlying suburbs into the more upmarket white middle-class suburbs. Like the whites before them, they too will leave the inner-city. They will be replaced by a succession of pioneering black communities. I remember saying to Vaishnavi the young Indian woman I had become friendly with: ‘It feels like we are living in Lagos.’ And she laughed. She was from Phoenix, an Indian suburb in Durban. Anyway, the inner-city was undergoing a rapid demographic transformation, the streets and bars were filled with foreigners, made up of all kinds of economic and political refugees. Migrants from all over the world were finding their way into the inner-city of Jo’burg, Zimbabweans, Mozambicans, Congolese, Nigerians, Ghanaians, Ivoirians, Senegalese, Sudanese, Chinese from China, Pakistanis from Pakistan, and Indians from India, Russians and Eastern Europeans, the latter from Poland, East Germany, Yugoslavia, Romania, and Bulgaria. The ‘City’ true to its historical nature and roots had gone full circle, returning to its original cosmopolitan character when it first erupted out of the earth like a polyglot Tower of Babel, populated by migrants, foreigners and strangers drawn from the four corners of the earth, its streets becoming filled with the babble of many different tongues. The Makwerekwere, foreigners speaking in strange languages, like in the days of the barbarian invasions during the collapse of the Roman Empire, had arrived in their hordes. In the year 1990, Jo’burg ceased to be the city it used to be during the apartheid years. 
14.
The beer settled my nerves. There was already a tawdriness evident in the hotel. It was obvious that Sol Kerzner, a Jew, had made a bad call to build a five-star luxury hotel in heart of the Jo’burg inner-city in the mid-1980s especially when businesses were migrating away from the inner-city to Sandton and elsewhere, and also when chaos, tumult and revolution were raging in the black townships throughout the land. He had obviously not read the writing on the wall. Her name was Sorina Iordanescu. Sorina pronounced ‘so-REE-na’. Meaning sun or golden dawn. Origin – Slavic. Apparently, it was her real name. And I believed her. She said she came from Bucharest. She had been a schoolteacher there. She was also a qualified gym instructor, and she had taught science and sports. ‘Sports’ was the word she used. She was divorced and had no children. She came to South Africa in 1989 to work as a gymnastic instructor but things did not work out. On my promptings, she spoke about what life was like in communist Romania under Nicolae Ceaușescu. By the time, we sat down for lunch we were both quite tipsy. She had had three double whiskeys and I was on my fourth beer. I had never had more than two beers before. Over lunch, we became quite frank with each other. She said that her fee was R 200.00 for one hour. I told her that I was a virgin and whatever cash I had in my wallet she could have. I told her that I could not go through with having sex with her; personally, it would not be right for me. That was more or less the exact words I used: ‘I cannot go through with having sex with you, it wouldn’t be right for me at this moment in my life.’ My mom’s advice echoed and reverberated in my brain: ‘Always do the right thing!’ In Sorina’s overpowering erotic presence, I was in a constant state of arousal and ready to explode, but paradoxically alcoholic intoxication saved me from myself. Her answer: ‘When is it the right moment to have sex?’ If she was not a hooker, maybe something beautiful could have happened. I joked that if I did have sex with her there was a possibility that I would fall in love with her. I felt that it was necessary to explain my situation. I told her that I was going through a very vulnerable phase in my life. Which was true. 
15.
Anyway, after taking a taxi back to Manners Mansion, while standing on the pavement in the glaring afternoon sun, I gave her all the cash I had in my wallet, which was just over R 200.00. We had shared several pleasant hours of personal intimacy together and she must have also succumbed to the sticky clinging bonding of the spider’s web into which the moments together had thoroughly entangled us. It was to her credit that she realized that I was guileless, sincere and undamaged as a human being. She insisted that I came up for a drink. I prevaricated, she put her arm firmly around my upper arm, trying to steer me to the entrance of Manners Mansion. ‘Please come up just for one drink.’ I relented and went up with her. In the lift, while going up, I held her hand, a conspiratorial smile her on face carried us up all way to the seventh floor. At the flat door, it took her some time to retrieve the key from her handbag. While standing snuggly behind her, I slipped my arms around her waist, holding her in a firm embrace against my body; I kissed the back of her neck and breathed in the fragrance of her body and hair. The bare polished parquet floor of her flat was sparsely furnished. While I sat down on the sofa in her lounge, she fetched a bottle of whiskey and two glasses from the kitchen. She pulled the chrome and glass coffee table closer to the sofa, while placing the two glasses and bottle down on coasters she asked how I would like my whiskey. I said on the rocks. She fetched an ice tray from the freezer cracked some blocks of ice into my glass, and the remaining ice cubes she emptied into an ice bucket. I had never drunk whiskey before. Settling down deep into the opposite corner of the sofa, leaning back, with one leg crossed over the other at the knee, her short skirt hiked up, her posture elegantly comfortable, now leaning slightly forward, shoulders and arms relaxed, her hands with fingers interlocked, folded over her knee, the smooth silky flesh of her upper thigh, and her stockings, plus suspender and panties exposed. Beams of golden sunlight streamed through the large north-facing window into the lounge. A crystal chandelier hang from the middle of the white enamel-painted decorative steel pressed ceiling refracting rays of sunlight into multiple rainbows, which glowed and danced on the walls of the lounge. Her phone kept on ringing, interrupting our conservation. She took the receiver off its cradle. ‘They are my clients, I usually meet them at the Johannesburg Sun Hotel, and it is a quick walk in sandals. I put my stilettos in my bag and put them on when I get to the hotel. They get my number from the hotel or the taxi drivers or from the Star Newspaper classifieds, you can see my ad: ‘beautiful blond white exotic Eastern European woman, R 250.00 per hour.’  Most of my clients are black businessmen, some have even wanted to marry me, they come from Nigeria, Angola, Congo, everywhere from Africa, they like to fuck a beautiful white woman, it is a fetish for them, they very disappointed when they discover I am not a South African white woman, they want to fuck apartheid, anyway I have no racial hang-ups, I am Eastern European, I had never seen a black man or fucked a black man until I came to South Africa.’ 
16.
She was now very drunk and I was also feeling quite drunk as well, and as you now know, I was getting drunk for the first time in my life, and so I blurted out: ‘My mother who has passed away was not white, she was Coloured, a mulatto or mestizo, which is the male word for someone of mixed blood. When a woman is of colour, she is usually called a mulatta or mestiza. The ‘a’ replaces the ‘o’, this is what I learnt from my mother, my mother was also Spanish (as you know), I can speak a bit Spanish, it was the first language I leant as a small child from the lips of my mother.’ And for good measure, I added: ‘I have never supported or believed in apartheid.’ ‘How can your mother be black and Spanish when you are so white?’ She asked. ‘It is genetics,’ I replied. And she added: ‘White or black what is the difference? What does it really matter? This is Johannesburg it does not matter here anymore, there is no more apartheid, white men are fucking black women, I see it happening every day, nothing surprises me, white South African men want to fuck black women and black men want to fuck white women, this is a wild place, everybody is getting fucked in some way, it is the criminal capital of the world, drugs, diamonds, gold, platinum, stolen cars, women, guns, weapons, anything which can be bought or sold you will find in Johannesburg, even uranium, even ID books and passports, it is the free market,’ she said. ‘It is capitalism, it like Gotham City,’ I added. ‘Gotham City, what do you mean by Gotham City?’ ‘It is too complicated to explain, are you familiar with comic book characters like Batman?’ ‘Not really, American comics were banned in Romania, too subversive, it would undermine the authority of the communist party,’ she added with a cynical chuckle. ‘I am an anarcho-communist,’ I said. She burst out laughing, almost choking on her whiskey. ‘Oh my God, now I have heard and seen everything, now nothing can ever surprise me again in this world. I travel all the way across the world to South Africa to escape the collapsing ruins of communism, and who do meet? I meet a very nice young man, who is intelligent, kind and witty, who has got class, and he tells me that he is an anarchist and a communist!’ Soon it was 5.00 pm. We had practically spent the entire day together, covering almost every topic under the sun. I decided that I had to leave, in her drunken state, throwing caution to the wind and forgetting who she was, she begged me to spend the night with her, she clung to me and we kissed at the door, but I managed to break free and left her. She closed the door of her flat. I stared down the spiral stairwell for a few moments in some kind of daze. Then I walked over to the lift and pressed the button. While waiting for the lift I realized that Sorina was actually a very lonely person. She had unzipped her carapace of protective armour, pealing it off and freeing herself from herself. And I too had been in a state of loneliness after losing my dad. I was having to adapt to living alone in a flat without my dad’s comforting presence. Sorina may have been aware of our mutual loneliness. Who knows? I enjoyed her company. It was nice being with her. It was not complicated by anything, which was a miracle. I felt that she too enjoyed my company. Maybe, and just maybe, and somehow for a brief moment, an unrepeatable moment, we forgot about our loneliness while enjoying each other’s company. We forgot about who we were to each other. Now I was as drunk as a coot. Once outside I decided that I needed to walk the liquor out of my system. Never seen a woman so alone.



Chapter Six

1.
My dad’s interest in architecture had rubbed off on me. He had taught me how to see. In the 1930s, the prevalence of Art Deco architecture in the capitals of the world was also having an impact on the cities of the Global South. Following the boom in real estate development, Jo’burg became known as the little New York. Buildings in the inner-city that represented a paradigmatic architectural exemplification of Art Deco structures included: Manners Mansions (corner Jeppe and Joubert Streets), Anstey’s Building (corner of Jeppe and Joubert Street, on the west side of Manners Mansions), His Majesty’s Building ( corner 53 Commissioner and Eloff Streets), New Library Hotel (Commissioner Street), Clegg House (Commissioner Street), South African Reserve Bank building also known as SARB House (Commissioner Street), Chrysler House (Eloff Street), Howard House and London House (Loveday Street), Dunvegan Chambers (Pritchard Street), Barbican Building (Rissik Street), Anglo American (44 Main Street), Chamber of Mines Minerals Council (Main Street). 
2.
It was no accident that visitors to South Africa, especially American visitors often remarked how American South African cities appear, especially if they arrive by air and get an aerial view of the skyscrapers of the Jo’burg’s inner-city. Taking off from OR Tambo (or Jan Smuts International Airport in the pre-1994 apartheid era) or coming into land at OR Tambo they would have seen an aerial view of the inner-city and would have no doubt noticed prominent cityscape landmarks such as the Carlton Centre, Hillbrow Tower and Ponte City. 
3.
I would like to set a scene, a fictional scene, within the broad sweep of my personal history, mainly for dramatic effect. Bear with me! Fast forward to the future: My first night out with Gazala, after dropping Millicent off at the O R Tambo International Airport, triggered all kinds of recollections from the past. Recollections linked to finding oneself not only at a historical disjuncture but also at an existential disjuncture. The present moment is now, February 1990. The future, March 2020, is but a dream. It was roughly 30 years ago that I had my memorial encounter with Sorina Iordanescu in the foyer of the Streamline Moderne styled Manners Mansion shortly after the collapse of 20th Century Soviet styled socialism. The figure and person of Sorina Iordanescu has become so strongly connected in my mind with the Mendelsohnian architectural version of the Art Deco apartment building. Which is quite ironical or even surreal especially if you take into account that among the tenants of Manners Mansion in its halcyon heyday there were some exceptional and respectable Jo’burg notables including concert pianists and members of the legal and medical profession. Those days are gone forever. Today, in the here and now, the inner-city of Jo’burg in 1990 was teetering at the edge of a multi-faceted historical disjuncture. Multi-faceted? Yes. Or multi-dimensional if you wish. Why? Because many things were acting in concert in an independent fashion. All acting simultaneously as converging chains of causation, pushing the city towards some kind of finality. Almost fifty years ago when my mother arrived in Jo’burg the city was like New York transplanted into Africa. It was the most advanced and sophisticated city in Africa. Now as I walked the streets and stared at the old buildings I was also trying to see and experience the city through the eyes and body of my mother, the same body whose womb bore and brought me into this world. Can I capture the sense of her presence on these streets? I cannot stop thinking of my mother. The tears start to brim in my eyes. I whisper ‘a mestiza, a woman of mixed blood, of indigenous and Spanish descent, that was my mother.’ 
4.
Within the constructed universe of the comic book, we can now re-imagine a fictional Africanized Gotham-like cityscape in which everything is turned upside down in terms of the now classical well-worn decolonization narrative. A narrative often informed by a pre-colonial idyll, the way things used to be before the arrival of the colonialists, the imaged pre-colonial paradise happens to be a fiction, it never existed. Let’s focus on the post-colonial universe in Africa. A nightmare vision of the decolonized African world had already being dreamt up by Fanon in his book ‘The Wretched of the Earth’, chapter three to be precise. This nightmare has become reality in Africa, including South Africa. I quote Fanon verbatim: ‘…The national bourgeoisie, which takes over power at the end of the colonial regime, is an underdeveloped bourgeoisie. Its economic clout is practically zero, and in any case, no way commensurate with that of its metropolitan counterpart which it intends replacing. In its willful narcissism, the national bourgeoisie has lulled itself into thinking that it can supplant the metropolitan bourgeoisie to its own advantage. But independence, which literally forces it back against the wall, triggers catastrophic reactions and obliges it to send out distress signals in the direction of the former metropolis. The business elite and university graduates, who make up the most educated category of the new nation, are identifiable by their small numbers, their concentration in the capital, and their occupations as traders, landowners and professionals. This national bourgeoisie possesses neither industrialists nor financiers. The national bourgeoisie in the underdeveloped countries is not geared to production, invention, creation, or work. All its energy is channeled into intermediary activities. Networking and scheming seem to be its underlying vocation. The national bourgeoisie has the psychology of a businessman, not that of a captain of industry. And it should go without saying that the rapacity of the colonists and the embargo system installed by colonialism hardly left it any choice…Independence does not bring a change of direction. The same old groundnut harvest, cocoa harvest, and olive harvest. Likewise the traffic of commodities goes unchanged. No industry is established in the country. We continue to ship raw materials, we continue to grow produce for Europe and pass for specialists of unfinished products. Yet the national bourgeoisie never stops calling for the nationalization of the economy and the commercial sector. In its thinking, to nationalize does not mean placing the entire economy at the service of the nation or satisfying all its requirements. To nationalize does not mean organizing the state on the basis of a new program of social relations. For the bourgeoisie, nationalization signifies very precisely the transfer into indigenous hands of privileges inherited from the colonial period. Since the bourgeoisie has neither the material means nor adequate intellectual resources such as engineers and technicians, it limits its claims to the takeover of businesses and firms previously held by the colonists. The national bourgeoisie replaces the former European settlers as doctors, lawyers, tradesmen, agents, dealers, and shipping agents. For the dignity of the country and to safeguard its own interests, it considers it its duty to occupy all these positions. Henceforth it demands that every major foreign company must operate through them, if it wants to remain in the country or establish trade. The national bourgeoisie discovers its historical mission as intermediary. As we have seen, its vocation is not to transform the nation but prosaically serve as a conveyor belt for capitalism, forced to camouflage itself behind the mask of neocolonialism. The national bourgeoisie, with no misgivings and with great pride, revels in the role of agent in its dealings with the Western bourgeoisie. This lucrative role, this function as small-time racketeer, this narrow-mindedness and lack of ambition are symptomatic of the incapacity of the national bourgeoisie to fulfil its historic role as bourgeoisie. The dynamic, pioneering aspect, the inventive, discoverer-of new-worlds aspect common to every national bourgeoisie is here lamentably absent. At the core of the national bourgeoisie of the colonial countries a hedonistic mentality prevails—because on a psychological level it identifies with the Western bourgeoisie from which it has slurped every lesson. It mimics the Western bourgeoisie in its negative and decadent aspects without having accomplished the initial phases of exploration and invention that are the assets of this Western bourgeoisie whatever the circumstances. In its early days the national bourgeoisie of the colonial countries identifies with the last stages of the Western bourgeoisie. Don’t believe it is taking short cuts. In fact it starts at the end. It is already senile, having experienced neither the exuberance nor the brazen determination of youth and adolescence. In its decadent aspect the national bourgeoisie gets considerable help from the Western bourgeoisies who happen to be tourists enamored of exoticism, hunting and casinos. The national bourgeoisie establishes holiday resorts and playgrounds for entertaining the Western bourgeoisie. This sector goes by the name of tourism and becomes a national industry for this very purpose. We only have to look at what has happened in Latin America if we want proof of the way the ex-colonized bourgeoisie can be transformed into “party” organizer. The casinos in Havana and Mexico City, the beaches of Rio, Copacabana, and Acapulco, the young Brazilian and Mexican girls, the thirteen-year-old mestizas, are the scars of this depravation of the national bourgeoisie. Because it is lacking in ideas, because it is inward-looking, cut off from the people, sapped by its congenital incapacity to evaluate issues on the basis of the nation as a whole, the national bourgeoisie assumes the role of manager for the companies of the West and turns its country virtually into a bordello for Europe…’ Fanon’s post-independence or post-colonial ‘national bourgeoisie’ can be more accurately described as the ‘rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie.’ What Fanon did not elaborate on in chapter three of his book ‘The Wretched of the Earth’ was the mafianization of the totality of post-colonial life by the indigenous compradorial bourgeoisie. No institution escapes mafianization by the compradorial bourgeoisie. Fanon underestimates, and even miscomprehends, the scale of the havoc, which the compradorial bourgeoisie has wreaked upon the post-independent nation-state under the guise of de-colonization. 
5.
Creating the Fanonian African Dystopian Comic Book: In the comic constructed world a dystopian post-civilization and post-colonial cityscape comes into existence due to the depredations of African nationalist rent-seeking compradors and international criminal syndicates. Like New York under the control of the five famous Mafioso families, the Bonanno, Colombo, Gambino, Genovese, and Lucchese, the whole of the social, economic and political fabric of life in South Africa has undergone a total mafianization. A state of lawless prevails where a political elite acts with impunity. This puts us in the same boat as Colombia and Mexico, not to mention Nigeria and other criminalized African states. It is a Global South thing. It is what differentiates the Global South from the Global North. In the Global South we have this perpetual, and thus never ending,  futile Manichean struggle between good and evil, playing itself out in Gotham-styled cities frozen in space and time like an album of photographs, an album which the comic creator can work with in order to create his dystopian cartoon comic strips. Like other similar cities in the Global South, a dystopian Gotham-styled city, located in Africa, existing in the ironic and paradoxical form of a fossilized colonial and Eurocentric cityscape, becomes the nexus and safe haven for every kind of criminal machinations, machinations which involve the mafianization of the totality of human existence. Think ‘Narco-City’. Think Bogotá, Cali or Medellin. Machination and mafianization brings about the enclosure or incarceration of the totality of human life, thereby allowing no escape from the reach, influence, subjugation and control when it comes to the power exercised by the criminal elite. Everyone’s life hangs by a fragile thread. No one can escape from this prison of hell. As a prison of hell it can only exist and function within the bounds of a criminalized oligarchy. Ironically, the rule of ‘law’ and ‘order’ and ‘discipline’ and fear prevails within such a criminalized oligarchy. ‘Lawlessness’ operates within the bounds of a peculiar system of rules and laws. The very idea of justice is meaningless or absurd under such a regime. The incarcerated citizens thus live under a regime of threats, fear, strict discipline and obedience enforced through lethal and violent means by a rigidly hierarchicalized criminal political elite. Criminality and mafianization can only exist under conditions of non-equality, social stratification and hierarchies of social and political domination. It cannot be repeated enough, but it remains an irrefutable social and political fact that the hierarchicalization of social and political domination inevitability gives rise to criminality and mafianization. Consequently, all states exist as essentially criminal institutions. There exist no exceptions to this dystopian reality. Heidegger never questioned the hierarchicalization of Mitsein, as the way or mode of being with others. He believed in a führer. This is the internal contradiction of Heidegger’s romantic dalliance with National Socialism. For Heidegger history is always the history of decline and machination is the cause of its decline. However, I strongly disagree with Heidegger’s making of machination a Jewish thing especially when he ascribes ‘empty rationality and calculative ability’ to the Jews in his recently published ‘Black Notebooks’. Heidegger correctly ascribes the notions of ‘calculativity’ or calculability to capture the essential ideas embodied in the concept of machination. To be calculative is to engage in machinations. To be calculative is to be calculating, scheming, shrewd, reckoning, conniving, secretive and also dispassionate and unfeeling. This is precisely what the African rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie are up to in their machinations. Mafianization is the result of calculative scheming. The compradorial bourgeoisie is a calculative schemer. Criminality involves calculative scheming for the sake of personal self-enrichment at the expense of others. Heidegger proposes that it is machination and calculative scheming which has resulted in history’s decline. We can elaborate further on his idea on the role of machination in causing human history’s decline. Machination and calculative scheming or ‘reckoning’ leads to the ‘worldlessness’ of the Mafia or comprador or Fanon’s nationalist bourgeoisie. The state of affairs, which best fits the idea of ‘worldlessness’ is the dystopia. It is not the Jew who is the source or cause of the ‘worldlessness’ of the world, it is rather those who are wreak havoc by means of the machinations of mafianization. In other words, it’s Fanon’s nationalist bourgeoisie or the so-called rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie, who always happen to be a nationalists, who destroy the world as place where one can dwell or abide in a state of well-being. My idea of ‘worldlessness’ as being a place which can no longer be or exist as an abode of well-being differs from Heidegger’s anti-Semitic version of worldlessness. Machination and mafianization results in the destruction of world as an abode or dwelling place where personal or existential well-being can become the everyday attainable lived-experience of all individuals. 
6.
Quoting from the Lipstick Lesbian: ‘A compelling case can be made for the claim that the evolutionary development of the structure and functioning of the institution which we now call the State had its origins in criminal organizations and the state throughout history has reproduced itself as a criminal organization serving the interests of powerful elites. Every state that has ever existed regardless of the specific particularities of its evolution, history, social formation and modes of production, from the emergence of the very first post-Neolithic States, has always been under the control of a self-reproducing oligarchy which in the service of its own elite interests imposes its rule upon the ruled through force, violence, authoritarianism and bureaucratization. The self-reproduction of all oligarchies is achieved by social elites and heredity elites who use the state in whatever form it may exist, monarchy or capitalist or socialist, to control the commanding heights of the economic system so that it can be exploited for their own benefit. Rank, status, social stratification, hierarchies and inequalities exist by virtue of the state and in turn the emergence of rank, status, social stratification, hierarchies and social differentiation gives rises to the institutional setup which we recognize as the state and the ‘political’. In response to a suite of predisposing factors the state originally emerged as a political institution round about 5000 BC. A critical question: What factors or forces drive the emergence of rank, status, social differentiation, social stratification, social hierarchies and systems of social domination which gives rise to the perpetuation of inequalities and the destruction of egalitarianism?’
7.
Charles Tilly has argued that historically state making has always had its origins in organized crime (Charles Tilly. War Making and State Making as Organized Crime. Chapter 5, pp 169-191. In: Collective Violence, Contentious Politics, and Social Change. Ed. Peter B Evens). Furthermore, to quote Michael Boyle (The Electric Agora, September 16, 2015) Tilly ‘…has argued that historically the emerging nation state established itself by acting, essentially, as a racketeer (in terms of the interrelated activities of war-making, state-making, protection, and resource extraction via plunder, taxes, etc.)…’ Moreover, in the same article Boyle explains the meaning of racketeering in relation to state making. I quote the rest of Boyle’s article:
 “But consider the definition of a racketeer as someone who creates a threat and then charges for its reduction. Governments’ provision of protection, by this standard, often qualifies as racketeering. To the extent that the threats against which a given government protects its citizens are imaginary or are consequences of its own activities, the government has organized a protection racket. Since governments themselves commonly simulate, stimulate, or even fabricate threats of external war and since the repressive and extractive activities of governments often constitute the largest current threats to the livelihoods of their own citizens, many governments operate in essentially the same ways as racketeers.”
The prosecution of war and its necessary correlates of resource extraction and the building of capital had, argues Tilly, the unforeseen effect of creating the modern nation-state, notwithstanding his admission that government fulfills other roles and has other justifications besides those related to violence. Part of what Tilly seeks to accomplish is, by a materialist investigation of the historical sociology of state formation (a weakness for those who believe ideology is crucial) to get at a description of how European nation states formed that is more relevant and illuminating than the model of a social contract.
Tilly also describes a key development in the protection racket as being the slow and gradual establishment of the line between legitimate and illegitimate violence. Through a number of developments over several hundred years, the state accorded to itself a monopoly of violence. That meant that local leaders, responsible for enforcing the peace ever since ancient times, were eclipsed by the greater presence of officials directly answerable to the state. It also eventually saw the emergence of what we know as police forces. In terms of military technology, sometimes adduced as a key to nation-state formation, Tilly is skeptical that the technological side was the crucial factor but acknowledges that this is connected to organizational transformations in making war which made it too expensive for all but the largest players. He also highlights the importance of access to financial resources for things like the growing national debts tied to the prosecution of conflicts by the state. In terms of war-making, state-making, protection, and extraction, all are tied to different implementation frameworks: war is tied to the growth of a military complex, the growth of the state to domestic intelligence and enforcement, protection is linked to assemblies who desire it, and extraction to the emergence of national financing configurations.
The balance between these four violence-based frameworks (derived from war-making, state-making, protection, and extraction) helped decide the respective governing structures. Furthermore, when there was opposition from the people (as for example, in England) substantial concessions could be wrung out of the racketeers. There are also a number of interstate factors discussed by Tilly, including the idea that the same mechanisms of violence monopoly that helped states control domestic territory made them effective prosecutors of war, forcing others to adapt and follow suit or perish. Our current international system, says Tilly, is merely a global extension of that very same dynamic.
Separate from the historical usefulness of Tilly’s model, he is the scholar most identified with bringing to the forefront the ties between the emergence of the Western nation state and warfare, now a substantial topic in historical sociology. Aside from this, his description of the state as a racketeer who often creates the enemies its protection racket is designed to oppose has eerie resonances with contemporary politics, particularly the problem of the blurring of authority and power. This, caused in part by endless Wars on Terror and Drugs, have resulted in diminished civil liberties, the rise of a carceral surveillance state (particularly in our education system), and questions from those on the left and the right regarding whether at least some of these alleged protections are really worth the cost. Have we created much of the drug violence by our draconian narcotics laws, laws which are then enforced via the erosion of Posse Comitatus, paramilitary police, the omnipresence of SWAT teams, and diminished civil liberties? Are we contributing to the creation of terror and the loss of freedoms in order to fight it through our unrestrained drone strikes, support of corrupt regimes like Saudi Arabia, and our own government’s domestic drumbeat of fear– a drumbeat so effective that a small bipartisan filibuster (of sorts) spearheaded by a young Kentucky conservative barely slowed down the USA Freedom Act (although the renewal did remove phone collection and put in more rules re: approved surveillance)? This is why Tilly matters.
(https://theelectricagora.com/2015/09/16/this-weeks-special-charles-tillys-war-making-and-state-making-as-organized-crime/)
8.
What is crime? Traditionally crime has been broadly defined as the commission of any act that is punishable by law. In this context the idea of law in not unproblematic. However, rationally crime should rather be defined in terms of any act or actions with causes serious harm, injury and suffering, or in terms of anything or any kind of states of affairs which contributes to the destruction or non-realization of human well-being. In terms of the latter expanded definition of what constitutes a crime, apartheid definitely constituted a crime against humanity. Rationally a serious criminal act is never victimless. The conceptualization of crime, especially within an ideological frame of reference such as a religion for example, can also become incredibly slippery. Virtually everything can be criminalized and made punishable in terms of some law or rule or social convention. Take for instance life under the Taliban in Afghanistan. Under the Taliban the following could be construed as punishable crimes: watching television, drinking alcohol, eating pork, practising homosexuality, engaging in sex outside marriage, seeking education as a woman, not being dressed in a burka and unaccompanied by a male relative when visiting public places as a woman, men shaving their beards, reading the Bible, reading certain kinds of books, being an atheist, listening to certain kinds of forbidden music, or teaching evolution or philosophy or theology, or even desiring certain forms of personal liberty or freedom. For any rational person life under the rule of the Taliban would be dystopian. Also to any rationally minded person, Taliban styled punishment for contravention of any of the above rules or laws would in itself constitute a crime against humanity. So the enactment and enforcement of a law could in itself be conceived as constituting a crime against humanity. Apartheid would be a good example of this. The law/crime binary or dichotomy in numerous instances turns out to be paradoxical or contradictory, making the notions of law and crime problematic and often undecidable from a rational perspective. Libertarianism provides a rational framework for resolving the paradoxes and contradictions arising from the law/crime binary. To resolve the paradoxes of law, crime and punishment, the function of law needs to be critically analysed within an appropriate framework, in other words within a rational framework, which means within a naturalistic or physicalist or materialist framework. In this context, the meanings of naturalism and physicalism and materialism overlap and converge with respect to the application of a scientific approach to the humanities including the critique of law and crime.
9.
Tilly argued that war makes states. I would like to expand on the notion of war in the process of state making by including the roles of both externally directed conflicts and internally directed conflicts in the origin of the state. I would argue that from the very beginning warlordism or ‘criminal gangs’ have played a critical role not only as state makers but in the day to day functioning of the state as a centre of patronage/clientelism and tribute and rent collection and racketeering. Since the very beginning, the state has existed as a criminal organization. From the very beginning, violence and conflict have been the catalysts or engines or motors, which have driven the process of state making. States initially arose as an emergent social phenomena in their earliest embryonic forms as a direct consequence of the perpetual conflicts over the monopoly of coercion exercised between competing elites, the rest is history. The social, economic and political foundations of the state as an institution were laid down at the beginning of the Holocene. The modern state in the 21st Century as a social phenomenon stands in direct continuity with the very first institutional arrangements, which could be recognized as a state. Wherever a gang leader or headman or chief or king or prime minister or president came into existence so did the state as an institution in its multifarious forms as a species of sociality under the governance of an institutional arrangement or organization which was recognizable as being state-like. The state is founded on the Gang Leader, Big Man, Great Liberator, Freedom Fighter, Hero, or the immemorial Icon, and so on and so forth that is becomes so boring. Everybody wants a hero to worship, everybody wants to be worshiped, and hence the long monologues of the freedom fighter or student leader or politician, the words roll like a torrent from his or her lips, promising dreams to everyone. We have a ‘phylogenetic’ continuum, an evolutionary continuity, or an evolutionary descent in the form of the structure and functioning of a recognizable institution or organization or arrangement, which can be called ‘the state’. The only human forms of sociality, which were stateless, were the hunter-gatherers. However, in whatever historical form the state as such comes into existence it is always in the form of criminalized organization in which the force of law and order is differentially applied on the basis of social rank within a hierarchy of political power. There is no equality before law. There has never existed a state of affairs, which can be defined as equality before the law, and it has taken popular entertainment to reflect or mirror this reality. Read on my comrade. We will discuss this later when the significance of the various Netflix crime series with regard to the fictional envisioning of dystopian realities will be deconstructed. Until then let us reflect on the words of William Chambliss. Chambliss wrote: ‘Those people are arrested, tried and sentenced who can offer the fewest rewards for non-enforcement of the laws and who can be processed without creating any undue strain for the organizations which comprise the legal system’ (1969, p. 84). Mafia organizations co-exist comfortably and profitably with the state as an institution of law and order. Mother should I trust the government? Mother should I run for president? Mother…? Hush now my baby…don’t you cry.
10.
Having mentioned that state making is a result of certain kinds of processes. It may be worthwhile exploring the nature of these processes in terms of their underlying mechanisms or mechanics, which drive or set the processes of state making in motion. This exercise might also in turn help to unravel the workings of the machine or machinery, which brings the dystopian reality into existence; given that state making is equivalent to the making of a dystopian state of affairs. Within multiple and diverse social and anthropological settings the state as the primary controlling political organization has arisen in variable configurations, time and time again, throughout the ages. With regard to their similarities and differences the various kinds of states which have emerged throughout history and those which also existence now can all be classified according to their taxonomic relationships or affinities. For example, states can be classified in terms of their fragility, weakness or whether they are failed states. They can also be classified in terms of the family they belong to, for example, they may be capitalist states or socialist states or Latin American states or African states, and so on and so forth. In terms of the taxonomic classification, Africa would have a high number of failed states whereas Latin America would have a high number of weak or fragile states. Furthermore, the degree to which a state functions as criminal state will be strongly correlated to it being a failed state, a weak stage, or a fragile state. A weak, failed, or fragile state can further be characterized as being inept, incompetent, lacking capacity, corrupt, dysfunctional, unreliable and indifferent. In Latin America and Africa, weak, fragile, or failed states are usually states, which are under the control of a rent-seeking compradorial class. Patronage and clientelism play a key role in the functioning of weak, fragile and failed states in Latin America and Africa. States can also be classified according to how violent they are. Usually failed, weak, or fragile states tend to be criminal states and as such they tend also be violent states. African and Latin American states have a greater tendency to be violent compared to European states. It would appear that the Hobbesian and Weberian conceptualization of the functioning of the state has been completely falsified. States have never succeed in promoting ‘an equal, socially impartial order’ through a monopoly over the legitimate use of violence. In reality, the prime function of the state has always been to serve the interests of the ruling political elite. And it has been the purposeful realization of this function which has from the very beginning played a fundamental role in the genesis of the state in all of its forms over the past 10 000 to 12 000 years. By virtue of corruption, racketeering, patronage, clientelism and rent-seeking, forms of non-state ‘authority’, ‘control’, ‘order’, ‘power’ and ‘violence’, have always co-exited with state authority, control, order, power and violence. In fact, with regard to authority, control, order, power and violence the boundaries between non-state and state have always been blurred. This is most evident in Latin America and Africa. It is a characteristic Global South social-economic-political phenomenon. It is this blurring, which transforms the state into a dystopian criminal organization. To repeat, the conditions for state making first emerged following the transition from low-density hunter-gatherer nomadic forms of sociality to high density, more sedentary or settled forms of sociality, that were dependent on agriculture for subsistence. The Iron Law of the Oligarchy also plays a role state-making following the transition from low-density nomadic hunter-gatherer forms of sociality to higher-density sedentary or forms of sociality that have become dependent of agriculture as a means of subsistence or survival. 
11.
Warning, important digression ahead! But please read on. How does the Iron Law of the Oligarchy work? I have some ideas. Let’s read what the Lipstick Lesbian has to say (Hotazel: Journal of Writing of a Lipstick Lesbian). I quote: 
‘I would readily accept it as a global social law which accurately predicts the inevitable macro-social behaviour and social organization of human populations. In fact, I would subsume Marxism under this global social law. The law is based on ideas of social complexity, social organization, social differentiation, and social stratification as functions of population size and environmental conditions. So the law has all the ingredients of a scientific law of nature drawing on animal behaviour, ecology, climate, niche theory, environmental carrying capacity, natural barriers to mobility and socio-biology.’
‘Social complexity increases as the density of settled human population increases within a given social-geographical-ecological theatre of co-existence. The theatre of settled or sedentary agrarian co-existence may be open or closed, and whether it is open or closed is decisive for the emergence of the state and the oligarchy. The use of the word ‘theatre’ is intentional, and also appropriate in this context, as it captures the idea of ‘stage’ and ‘staging,’ where staging involves both plot and execution of plot through the premediated actions and agencies of ‘dramatic actors’ on a passive mass of individuals, who have lost their capacity as atomized individuals for cooperative action, or agency as a collective. So they are unable to resist coercion as a collective, and this is central to origin of the state or oligarchy. Coercion can only be resisted if the theatre of co-existence is open. Loss of agency and vulnerability to coercive forces increases systematically and inexorably if the theatre of co-existence becomes increasingly closed. When the theatre of co-existence is closed, escape from it becomes difficult or impossible. Theatres of co-existence are best envisaged as temporary, semi-permanent or permanent settlements in the form of villages. Settlements can increase as villages merge and grow into larger more permanent settlements.’ 
‘According to Robert Carneiro’s theory of the origin of the state the concept of environmental circumscription determines the kind of conditions which make settled co-existence either open or closed. States usually arise when environmental conditions delimit or isolate or circumscribe landscapes and environments, which are agriculturally favourable for permanent agrarian settlement. Paradigmatic examples of such agriculturally suitable environments and landscapes include the Nile, Tigris-Euphrates, Indus Valley, Valley of Mexico, and the mountain and coastal valleys of Peru. All these regions share one thing in common, they are environmentally isolated or circumscribed by barriers to migration in the form of mountains, seas and deserts. In all these regions, a coercive state apparatus emerged giving rise to oligarchies ruled by despots and privileged elites. The transition from settlements to coercive states and despot or elite ruled oligarchies was purely contingent on external factors. One can treat the origin of the state or the oligarchy naturalistically or materialistically. Its contingent emergence as a political entity or political state of affairs was based purely on the nature of prevailing material conditions such as climate, topology, landscape, soil fertility, environmental carrying capacity and human population dynamics. A critical factor driving the emergence of the state would be the system’s capacity to generate an agricultural surplus.’
‘Also according to Carneiro, theatres of open co-existence are not circumscribed by natural barriers such as sea, desert, or mountains. These systems are able to support and sustain the emergence of settlements or villages.’
‘My idea of social complexity is based on the idea that social complexity increases when the theatre of co-existence becomes increasingly closed off and the material conditions of existence become increasing favourable for the emergence of a state.’
‘This idea does not seem be counter intuitive. Social complexity increases. Social complexity is linked to the idea of controlling large numbers of individuals by means of an externally imposed system of orchestration. An orchestration becomes necessary when a desired social situation or social state of affairs can only be achieved by imposing external systems of control on an assembly of individuals so that they all behave collectively in a predetermined fashion towards a desired end. Social complexity increases when the enforcement of inter-individual and inter-group compliance with regard to ensuring the realization and maintenance of their common interests in an egalitarian moral framework of sociality based on the common good becomes impossible. Therefore, in this example social complexity is defined as what is possible and what is impossible in terms of social group sizes in regard to means and ends. The realization and maintenance of a common accord which is necessary for ensuring the common good within an egalitarian moral universe depends strongly on mutual agreement, mutual censure and mutual compliance between individuals and this can only be made possible through a process of reciprocal monitoring, which necessary entails continuous processes of mutual surveillance and reciprocal social interactions. This becomes increasing impossible as population size increases beyond a given threshold within the multidimensional space or zone of social co-existence. When the cooperative institutional framework of small groups for securing the common good on a rational and egalitarian basis breaks down mainly due to the increasing population density of settled communities, social asymmetries or social differentiation or social stratification with regard to the organization, distribution and exercise of power over individuals and groups by emerging coalitions of elites becomes the social reality. The elites become the orchestrators of means and ends within the social framework of conflicting interests. Social stratification necessarily results in a misalignment of interests. So orchestration through externally imposed systems of controls over large populations of individuals becomes necessary as a social means to social-political-economic ends where the ends are predetermined by the ruling elites, and these ends because of social stratification cannot represent the common good. In a word, the masses have to become ‘captured’ by a ruling class and as captured beings, they have to become subdued or subjected to the will of a ruling class to serve the ends of the ruling minority. Following the transition of individual coexistence within small groups to atomized individual existence within the mass the stage becomes set for individuals to become captured and subdues as the subjects of leaders, chiefs, rulers, kings and emperors within settlements, villages, towns, cities, nations, states and empires, respectively. The iron law governing the process of social causation, which leads to the inexorable emergence of social stratification, social hierarchies of domination, and ultimately oligarchies acquires an inerasable immanent existence as an emergent property, or emergent predisposition within all human populations, which have grown beyond the threshold of the specific group size that is conducive for securing an egalitarian arrangement between individuals based on the reaching of a consensus on what constitutes the common good for all. Such a consensus is arrived at through rational discourse between individual members of such a group. Once the group grows to a population size that exceeds the critical threshold the iron law of oligarchy becomes the prevailing social reality, rational discourse free of coercion between free and equal individuals becomes replaced by the authoritarian reign of the irrational. The rationally secured idea of what constitutes the common good for all is replaced by the irrational discourse of ‘rights’ where what is ‘right’ is ‘instituted’ violently by powerful ruling elites. From a literal or empirical perspective, the operation of the iron law of oligarchy in human populations is symmetrical or equivalent for all historical or post-Neolithic social or political systems irrespective of whether they are conceived as monarchies or democracies. This means that all 20th Century political systems whether they were Fascist, Democratic, Capitalist, Socialists and Communist are all generically symmetrical or equivalent with regard to their being individual instantiations of oligarchies. What about anarchism? Anarchism by definition is non-oligarchic. Palaeolithic humans lived essentially as anarchists. If we want to talk theologically about the ‘Fall’ and about Good versus Evil, and also about the essential nature of God and Humanity, then we can only have this discourse within the framework of anarchism versus the oligarchy, that is the oligarchy as instantiated in all its post-Neolithic manifestations over the last 10 000 to 12 000 years. Which means that the discourse from an anarchist perspective entails a comprehensive critique of the idea of Civilization as popularly conceived in the Oriental and Occidental mind.’
12.
From a cinematic or comic book perspective, we can also conceive or represent the ‘worldlessness’ of the dystopian city in terms of its architectural attributes and the layout of its town-plan. Architecturally it does not have be characterized only in terms of structure and function, but can also be characterized more fully in terms of its other attributes such as its powers, dispositions, properties, qualities, materials, dimensions, image, moods, ethos, pathos, mythos and its relationships. What is it, which gives the dystopian city its properties or disposition of worldlessness? In a word, it is the absence of well-being for the ordinary individual who has no rank or status in the hierarchy of social domination. It is the condition of existence in the absence of genuine equality.
13.
We able to re-imagine the comic book of an African dystopian worldlessness within the setting of a 21st Century post-colonial cityscape. It can be visualized in terms of a high-rise modern Chinese built cityscape superimposed on a 20th Century colonial infrastructural and architectural substratum, making it not only architecturally heterogeneous but also two-dimensional on a vertical axis, where two worlds co-exist in parallel, one literally on top of the other, a hierarchicalized world, a heterotopia. In other words, a two storeyed world or universe, with an upper storey and a lower storey. However, the two storeyed divide is not between Nature and Grace or a separation thereof as the right-wing Christian evangelical Francis Schaeffer or the Catholic Saint Aquinas would have had it. Grace manifests itself in the form of well-being. The state of well-being represents a materialization of grace in space and time. There has to be a place where grace reigns or becomes manifest in a life of well-being. The dystopian city is founded on the absence of well-being or on the impossibility of well-being. The gracelessness of the dystopian city is also instantiated through its relentless war with Nature. In the classical view, Nature represents the Universe of necessity. Grace exists as an intervention in the Universe of contingency or accidents, where something, such as the state of well-being, depends on something else in an accidental, contingent, or providential fashion. Grace can only exist under the reign of freedom and equality and individual sovereignty and individual autonomy. The upper storey represents the lawless worldlessness of mafianization, in a realm of machination, in a realm of the unfettered agency and violence by the few over the many. In contrast, the lower storey represents the lawless worldlessness of enslavement, bondage, oppression, victimhood, passivity, powerlessness, inaction, or absence of agency. Lawless and impunity epitomizes the dystopian two storeyed Universe. We see this in the city of Scott Ripley’s Blade Runner. In this two-dimensional city, there exists a street level world, or underworld, which is mysterious and forbidding, hidden from sight, under the shadows of the towering high-rise skyscrapers. To repeat, the dystopian world is a world where irrationality, chaos and lawless and impunity reigns. It is world saturated with menace. A world where unpredictability is the rule and order. Both realms, the upper and lower storeys co-exist. The upper feeding off the lower. Here we have, from an ecological perspective, two trophic levels, the upper comprised of the predators, and the lower comprised of the prey. Conceptualized ecologically, they constitute two different kinds of niches. They are thus occupied with different kinds of businesses corresponding to two different kinds of occupations, the occupation of the rulers, and the occupations of the ruled. An occupation also represents ‘a way’ of life. It represents how one makes a living. It represents what one ‘does’ for a living. An occupation thus represents a mode of being-in-a-world. The emphasis here should be placed on what is meant by ‘a world’. What does it mean to live in ‘a world’? The world itself, in which one finds oneself, is always a specific kind of world, usually not the product of one’s own creation or occupation. This is what it means to be thrown into the world or into ‘a world’, into a situation not of one’s own making. We find ourselves without direction in the worldlessness of a world not of our own making.
14.
Continuing with the African dystopian comic book theme: In the lawlessness, worldlessness, placelessness, namelessness, and historylessness of the African dystopian city the streets, places and spaces have been transformed into a ‘toponymical slate’, and thereby subjected to continual renaming. All history has become erased or forgotten and therefore the present needs to be constantly reinvented. Old narratives are constantly being superseded by ‘corrected’ narratives, giving rise to the ‘post-truth’ form of worldlessness. And consequently, and even unintentionally, the city’s institutional memory, and cartography, and psychogeography, and imagination, are in a constant state of flux in a game that follows the rules of the ‘king of the castle’. The whole of lived reality becomes fictionalized. Every lived moment is a reinvention of the present, each moment a new disconnected scene in a theatre of the absurd. One moment you are living, the next moment you are dead, as in a cocaine-kingdom-scene lifted straight from Netflix Narcos series.
15.
What will the artistic creation of the African dystopian comic book entail? It will entail the sketching and drafting of the sequence of cartoon strips depicting frame by frame, moment by moment, window by window, the binary or two-storeyed dynamics of the African dystopian city. In the sketches, the city appears chaotic with regard to its architectural heterogeneity, a situation complicated by the continued co-existence of the old and the new, a co-existence occurring at two levels, at the level  of old skyscrapers from the past and at newer, more recent levels, in the form of higher, heaven reaching skyscrapers. It is by virtue of this architectural phantasmagorical agglomeration of buildings that the silhouette of the city’s skyline becomes populated with a mind boggling heterogeneous assemblage of old and new buildings, the entire superstructure anchored in multi-layered foundations, the new on the old, craton-like style, like a geological stratigraphy gone wild, an architectural melee, consisting of a conflicting mixture of westernized Art Deco modernist architecture juxtaposed with the newest kinds of westernized post-World War architectural modernism stretching from 1945 to the late 1980s, the kind of buildings which could include the architecture of Sol Kerzner’s Johannesburg Sun Hotel. While the inner-city with its skyscraper rooftops converted into luxurious penthouses represents the gladiatorial centre of criminality and machination, the subjected populations occupying the crowded peripheral chaotic suburbian sprawl are under constant pressure to deliver various forms of tributes to the leaders, bosses, kings, traditional leaders and chieftainships which rule the shifting boundaries of the variegated territories of a highly sectorized metropole. 
16.
Something like the ‘Hunger Games’: The comic book storyline, narrative, scripts, roles and plots revolve around a Bakunin styled anarchist struggle against criminal oligarchies ruled by political elites who self-characterize themselves as vanguardist and proponents of democratic centralism, and who present themselves as cult figures, casting themselves in the role of struggle icons or liberation heroes or freedom fighters, whereas in reality they are blood sucking vampires. They use multiculturalism, affirmative action, black empowerment, political correctness, and cancellation politics as convenient actions and ideological veils under which they hide the real nature of their criminal machinations. And the word ‘machinations’ is the key underlying concept in these comics. Everything revolves around machinations. The tale of the comic book documents the never ending cycle of criminal machinations which go on and on forever in which the oligarchies rise and fall and rise again in a constant repetition of reinvention. I think this is the kind of comics my father wanted to create. If all the bits and pieces in the form of the many sketches, and ideas and themes, which he had worked on over a lifetime, were put together this was what he was aiming at. The heroes were the guys who believed in doing what was right. They were the guys who stayed on the right path, who did not stray from the way. They embodied an innate sense of goodness. Going through his albums of photographs and sketches and unfinished comic strips, I realized that my father was a genius. Another point to consider: The dystopian reality can only exist in an urbanized space. Some additional thoughts: The spaces and places of a city are filled with semiotic charged markers making the cityscape an axis for nostalgic and dystopian narration.



Chapter Seven

1.
I break out of my reverie. It’s February 1990. February always seems to be the hottest month of the year, marking the fiery death of summer in the Southern Hemisphere, the so-called Global South, the antipode or antipole of the world, the direct opposite of everything, a world literally upside down. The city, which has been baking in the sun the whole day has become like an oven with its accumulated reservoir of thermal energy in the form of random jiggling atoms and molecules. What is heat? It is a form of energy. It is also a state of agitation. More precisely, when examined microscopically, it appears to be nothing more than the random motions and random collisions of the particles, which make up the substance of matter. I am also matter. Matter is made up of particles called atoms and molecules, different kinds of atoms or elements and molecules, all arranged in various complex and ordered configurations, and undergoing all kinds of motions, translational, vibrational and rotational. I am vibrating. And I am standing outside Manners Mansion on the corner of Jeppe and Joubert Street. It is late Saturday afternoon. I feel the blast of heat radiating from the black tarred streets, the pavements, and the surrounding high-rise buildings. I gaze up at the faded, cloudless, sun-washed skies. Everything is in a state of motion. I feel giddy. I am also in a state of agitation. I feel feverish from the after-glow kindled by a day spent in the company of a woman like Sorina Iordanescu. I am bathed in sweat. My erect prick threatens to explode; it threatens to suck me with an irresistible force into a yawning black hole. My awakening passion and desire for Sorina has metamorphosed into an alien power inside of me, a power which threatens to overwhelm me at any moment, overwhelm me against my will, I feel like another person, I have become a stranger to myself, I am struggling to resist her allurement, if I succumb I will surely die. She will have to join all the other women that I have desired but could never have, first Kamilla and then Alžběta and now Sorina, all Eastern European beauties. In my struggle on the pavement outside Manners Mansion, the ‘I’, the ego, the self, the subject, whoever I may be, have all become something abstract in my own mind, the I, my I, the I who I am has become an idea or a concept or a universal. This body which I inhabit possesses the power to re-enter the foyer of Manners Mansion, this hand, with it greasy palm and sticky fingers, which I am staring at, can press the lift button, and this forefinger can press the button for Sorina’s floor, the creaking lift and straining cables, resisting the force of gravity, will transport me into another universe. I think of masturbating. I feel the need to masturbate. Encouraged by the lurid fantasies which my mind can create, my hand can do the job quite efficiently. I can entertain the thought. I wonder where I can go in order to masturbate unseen and in private, in the company of my thought-ridden self, and masturbate and ejaculate, so that I can at least escape with my life. Can I thus save myself? I continue to grapple with myself, wrestling with the thoughts of this increasingly alien self, I am torn between desire and real fear, and I begin to feel strangely disembodied, like someone playing Russian roulette. Like someone in a state of numbness, ready to pull the trigger. Why is it that we found ourselves in a state of numbness when we finally commit our deeds? Then when we wake up it is always as if from a dream. I dissociate myself from my powers, capacities, and mental states of mind, and passions, and desires and from all the possible actions which I am capable of committing right now at this very moment. Fully disembodied from that thing, that being, that I, that self, that ego, which is the bearer of all those properties and powers and dispositions, dispositions which include the irresistible compulsions of desire, I am now free from bondage, I am standing on top of Manners Mansion, on the edge of the very top ledge, I am looking down onto the street. I am looking down from the heights upon myself as in a dream. I can now speak down to myself from the safety of the ledge. My spirit has left my body like in the so-called near-death experiences, which people have spoken about. The ‘I’ who I am, now finds its self in a pure relationship with itself, in a relation which is abstracted from all the properties and the states of a material thing. I am in a state of self-awareness. The fear of exposure to HIV was always at the back of my mind while in the presence of Sorina, Sorina. One can admire the enchanting beauty of a deadly snake like a Gaboon Viper or a Black Mamba but at all costs avoid physical entanglement with such creatures, lest it sinks it fangs into you and injects you with its venomous and deadly fluids. I am a geneticist with a scientific interest in the genetics and evolutionary biology of parasites and pathogens and also predators. I have also developed a healthy respect for parasites and pathogens. It was late summer, the month was February, and the year was 1990. 
2.
And everything in South Africa has changed. Once more, everything is up for grabs. An entire country has fallen into the laps of the comprador bourgeoisie. Soon we will be living in a different country. The People’s War has in a real sense achieved its initial goal. Apartheid has been overthrown. It has been consigned to the dustbin of history. In this regard, the People’s War has been successfully executed, there can be no after-the-fact doubt about that. As an example of a successful war of liberation its merits both detailed and in-depth research and comprehensive documentation. To all intents and purposes, the youth in the black townships by their own efforts, with their bare hands, have defeated the forces of the Apartheid State Repressive Apparatus. David has killed Goliath. However, will they end up being robbed of the fruits of their revolutionary labours and also their freedom and human dignity? What does the future hold for them? Will it be de-industrialization, rampant corruption, a failed state, a shrinking economy and a general drying up of employment opportunities? What will be their fate? Will history consign them to the ranks of the lumpenproletariat? Will they end up having to liberate themselves once more, this time from a new enemy: The rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie? Has it all been an exercise in futility? ‘Futility of futilities,’ says the Teacher, ‘futility of futilities! Everything is futile!’
3.
While viewing the shimmering streets and buildings through the filter of an alcoholic haze I slipped into another thought-ridden reverie. For now, Sorina has relinquished her hold on me. It did not matter that the People’s War had been won by the youth in the townships. A new oligarchy will rise like a Phoenix from the ashes, possibly worse than the one, which has been defeated. Repetition of the same has been the iron law of history over the past 10 000 years. So why should I entertain any hope that a new age had dawned? Sorina embodies the new dawn following the collapse of communism. I began to entertain the inexhaustible possibilities of my father’s unfinished comic story projects cast within the architectural framework of a Jo’burg styled cityscape. A particularly fecund comic-book-idea-inspired-thought took hold of my mind: Jo’burg transformed into an object of comic book fiction could be re-imagined in the form of some new version of a ‘Gothamic City’. Something like an African version of a Gothamic City. So instead of realizing the Fanonian fantasy of decolonization and freedom and equality, the oppressed and wretched of the earth remain forever shackled in their chains. In conformity to the iron law of the oligarchy, the post-colonial African City metamorphosizes into a fully Netflix-styled South Americanized dystopian Narco-City, something that also includes the kind of visual spectacle portrayed in the opening scenes of ‘Blade Runner’. In my mind, I began to reel-off storylines, as only one can do while in a drunken daydreaming state, playing with the metaphysics, narratives, images, scenes, plots, roles and scripts for such a city and its characters. As a comic book character, Sorina with black hair, white face, and red lipstick would make a fitting and evil seductive enchantress, especially with her Eastern European accent. Sorina would be the irresistible siren. She could also have a double, with blond hair, white face, and red lipstick, with a Marilyn Monroe American accent. ‘Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday Mr. President.’ They could be twin sisters, doppelgänger, Yin and Yang, one choosing darkness (Sorina Siren Manners) and the other choosing light (Eleena Fatti Monis), becoming the light that shines in the darkness. Sorina is the light that casts shadows. The light that blinds the eye. I was struck by the possibilities of the name and person of Sorina after having spent an interesting and exciting day with Sorina Iordanescu, so I had to play with the diabolical dialectical possibilities regarding the meaning of sun and light in the service of darkness. Like all philosophers, ever since the building of the first city, about 10 000 years ago, Hegel and Marx both in their own ways considered human existence within the realm of the City as the highest form of existence which human social life could ever attain. The City stands against or even opposed to Nature. Nature and the City stand in an antipodal relation towards each other. In a sense the Northern Hemisphere in the form of the West which in a strong historical sense, ever since the enlightenment, exemplifies the paradigm or universe of the City, a City which in its luminous glory, like the City on the hill, stands in an antipodal relationship with the Southern Hemisphere. From the perspectives of the rising Imperial Empires of the Global North, the Global South represented the realm of Nature and as the embodiment of Nature, it stood as an unexplored frontier, which marks the boundaries of Terra Nullius or no man’s land, the realm of ‘uncharted’ territory, the realm of Nature. And being both Nature and Terra Nullius in relationship to the Idea of the City it became in the fullness of time the theatre of conquest and colonialization and cartography. 
4.
Antipodal Ideas: The realm of Nature versus the realm of the City. Both realms stand in binary opposition as extremes which Nature itself embodies as possibilities since we live in a causally closed Universe. Therefore, whatever happens in the Universe always happens within the realm of Nature, even with regard to the City, since everything that happens has to be explicable in terms of the Laws of Motion of the Natural World. In this sense, Nature and City also stand in a relationship to each other as instances or moments within an unruptured continuum. Nature and the City: While occupying the opposite ends of a continuum there will forever exist a tension between the two realms, the realm of equality and egalitarianism versus the realm of the oligarchy. For Hegel and Marx, the City as the site for the human reproduction of life through labour is metaphysically or ontologically opposed to the reproduction of life within the realm of Nature. However, the City does not stand outside of the realm of Nature. It exists as an emerging property or as an emerging phenomenon within a causally closed Universe. It does not exist as something extraneous, like an infection or an acquired disease, within the otherwise ‘natural order’ of the Universe. The Universe embodies all the conditions of possibility, which enable the emergence of the dystopian City and disease and contagions and pandemics and wars and class-struggles and genocide. However, the horrifying paradox is that good and evil don’t really exist. This is our living nightmare. The good, doing the right thing, is something we choose for ourselves as one possibility of action among all the alternative choices. Here we are on the same page as Sartre and Camus. The Universe is not Manichean. There is no war of good against evil within the boundaries of this causally closed Universe. This is the paradox we have to live with. Still, we have to find our way, we have to find the right path, we have to do what is right because something like Reason does indeed exist. This is the mystery of all existence, the existence of Reason. And nothing exists independently of G-d, not even Reason. Reason exists only by virtue of G-d. Reason is what summons us. Reason is the way. It is the path. Reason is the summons of G-d. We read in the prophet Isaiah 1:18: ‘Come now, and let us REASON together, saith the Lord: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.’
5.
By attaining the social form of existence within the realm and reach of the City, humanity as inhabitants of the City can begin to contemplate Ideas regarding all the possibilities for the well-being of human existence. These Ideas necessarily include notions regarding the essential nature of reality. Also Ideas regarding the Ideal kind of life. The City as a ‘man’ constructed ‘world’ of streets, places and spaces provides the stage on which the drama of self-consciousness or self-awareness unfolds. Thoughts begin to develop in the minds of individuals within the boundaries of the City, metaphorically speaking within the Agon at the Agora of the City. 
6.
Metaphorically the Agon as used here embodies the antagonistic, agonizing contestation of thoughts and ideas, in other words, the Agon at the Agora of the City becomes the theatre or arena for the clash of individual wills and individual consciousnesses and thoughts and ideas regarding the ultimate nature of reality and the purpose of life. And broadly speaking, and painting the picture with broad brush strokes, with regard to Hegel and also with respect to Marx, thinking and thoughts and ideas in the form of self-consciousness begins to converge within the setting of the City, converging gradually in a stepwise progressive fashion as the drama of history unfolds, the essential nature of reality becomes clearer and clearer. The idea or thought of what the essential nature of reality entails, as captured or comprehended in the realm of Mind or Consciousness or Spirit, encapsulates what Hegel calls the Absolute or the Idea or the Ideal or Truth or Knowledge. Gradually as consciousness progresses through the various stages of its development, the essential nature of the Idea or the Absolute slowly begins to be grasped or comprehended in its Truth. Truth is encapsulated in absolute knowledge of the Concept or Begriff which is the system of pure reason that becomes manifest to consciousness or mind in Nature and History. The manifestation of Reason within Nature and History proceeds gradually and progressively as a dialectical process, which entails the constant self-correction of incorrect ideas about the essential nature of reality. In the narratives and plots of my dad’s comic book projects depicting the battle between the forces of good and evil the unfolding of actual history falsifies both Hegel and Marx’s idea of History. History does not progress linearly, but is cyclical, involving an eternal repetition of history where neither evil nor good ever prevails. Humankind fails in the project in which Reason and Freedom and Truth become concretely realized in History. Reason, as manifested in Nature, and revealed through the self-correcting work and agency of science, continues unabated as an ongoing enterprise, in an enterprise, which remains completely decoupled from Hegel’s idea of History as the project of Freedom. While science and technology progress, humankind remains a prisoner to the rule of the oligarchy or the African City of Gotham. More of Hegel later.
7.
With these ideas buzzing in my head, and with a huge erection like Henry Miller in his ‘Tropic of Cancer’, I headed down Jeppe Street in an easterly direction walking past the brightly shining twin blue glass towers of the Johannesburg Sun Hotel, also referred to as the Johannesburg Sun and Towers, with the shorter one in front, and the taller 40 storey tower behind, where we had had drinks and lunch earlier in the day. The smaller 22-storey tower, which was built in 1970 by Stanley Tollman, was originally called Tollman Towers Hotel. I was trying to see the inner-city through my father’s cartoonist eyes. I felt that I could imagine what he saw. He stared intently, studying the facades of Art Deco buildings, or with his head tilted up, his hand shielding his eyes from the glare of the sun, he gazed upwards at the rising towers of skyscrapers, his brow would be creased. I could see that he was struggling intellectually to fathom something. I was my dad’s sounding board. I loved listening to him mulling over ideas. I loved being with him. I knew he loved my companionship. He often spoke about the similarities and differences between movie storyboarding and the creation of the comic book cartoon strip. While they seemed to share many features, they were significantly different with regard to many aspects. For a motion picture storyboarding breaks the sequence of the motive and motion into a series of panels, with each panel filled with labelled sketches of the scenes plus lots of notes and arrows pointing everywhere, all of which informs the producer, director, cameramen, soundmen, lighting-men, make-up artists and actors how each scene is going to be framed and how it will be shot for that particular frame. In storyboarding the sequence of static frames making up the script, narrative, plot and drama of the motion picture or the video are stage-managed to unfold in time and space in a series of captured moments. Within the framework of the storyboard, each scene is ‘contrived’ or stage-managed. And each contrived or stage-managed moment is captured on film, captured in the very instance that the scene is shot, each scene representing a moment created in time, place and space, and transformed into the moving pictures or frames of the film. Hence the name: the Motion Picture. The viewer only sees the finished product, but never what actually lies behind, or what goes on behind each frame or how each moment created. What we have are scenes by scenes. The development or creation of the movie in the form of the storyboarding directives which links all the actions required for the generation of each frame remains invisible to the movie viewer. There exists another reality behind the reality captured on the film and projected onto the screen. From the sequence of frames out of which the film is composed, a moving picture or the motions of the movie are projected onto the screen, and on the screen, the ‘dreamscape’ of the video or movie emerges as another peculiar kind of reality, an affective reality. Another kind of reality develops at 25 frames per second, the rate at which cinematic film passes through the projector. We have all experienced the emotional affectivity of those 25 frames per second film or cinema. We have all experienced the power of film or video to arouse our emotions. We become easily immersed in the drama of the film or video. Before our eyes and ears, the moving film simulates reality and we are drawn into that reality. Technically the way has been opened for us not only to enter and immerse ourselves in the realm of virtual reality but also to interact with the ‘objects’, situations and elements ‘existing’ within the realm of virtual reality. The relations or interactions we can experience within the realm of virtual reality are made possible by another invisible realm, also sort of existing behind our backs as it were, in the form of computer programming or algorithms or algorithmic coding, logical coding, based on various ‘logics’ such as Boolean Logic or Fuzzy Logic. It is the algorithms or coding logic, which makes the virtual reality ‘intelligible’. The possibility of cognitive and interactive immersement in an intelligible space-time-universe based on a simulation of reality, a virtual reality in other words, becomes an interesting conceptual model or framework for meaningful engagement with Hegel’s Logic and Phenomenology. Maybe also with Descartes’ Cartesianism.  Seeing is believing in many ways. Yet we do not see beyond or behind the surface. Again, the surface appearances may be the creation of Descartes’ dream or demon. How will we know? We believe that what perceive is real because we believe in G-d’s perfection. This was the form of Descartes’ answer. We can know because G-d is perfect. How does this gel with Hegel?
8.
So the movie viewer never actually sees anything beyond what is projected onto the screen, meaning all the activities which took place beforehand, behind the scenes in the actual process of making the movie. What happened behind the scenes in the making of the movie remains a mystery to the cinema audience. The viewer in the cinema is actually viewing a representation of a representation, frame for frame, as the sequence of the scenes with the soundtrack are projected from the film to unfold seamlessly onto the screen. Can we write a novel in this fashion? What are the similarities and differences between the movie and the novel and comic book regarding fictional narration or story-telling? In the novel the written text, alphabet and words, are used as the medium of narration. The reader actively imagines the scenes inscripturated into the written text of the novel. In this sense, reading involves an imaginative re-creating by the reader, a process that renders the reader an active and engaged and creative participant. With regard to the comic, what the cartoonist creates in the comic strip panel is what the viewer sees when reading the comic. How does one read a comic? It has to be different from the way one reads a novel or how one ‘takes in’ a movie. A lot of stuff, which I was completely unaware of, must have been going on in my father’s mind while he was staring at streets, spaces, places and buildings. He had a draughtsman’s grasp and comprehension of scale, perspective, detail, content and form when it came to capturing and fixing the dramatic and artistic appearance of objects in the visual world. Then he would take a series of photographs capturing the different aspects of the architecture of buildings, often he almost got run over by a car or bus while taking his pictures. In retrospect, I was actually privileged to accompany him on these excursions while I was still in school. We did not do the other kind of father-son bonding stuff, like going on fishing excursions or spending afternoons at sports stadiums watching football or rugby or cricket. No, we did not do that kind of stuff, instead, we went zoos, museums and art galleries or we walked the streets of Johannesburg looking at architecture and building facades, and my mom wearing a scarf over her hair, like a doek, covering her hair, followed a few paces behind us, doing window-shopping. Now and then, she would also make a comment regarding her personal recollections about a street corner or a building, drawing from the depths of her own memory archives or mental memory banks. The geography of the inner-city had also become imprinted into her brain. I have already said that I had inherited the archival material of my father’s artistic estate. My dad had no pretences. He never referred to himself as an engineer. Nor did he pretend to be an artist. However, he had passions and interests, and he made time to indulge his passion and interests, and my mom supported him. She was his greatest fan. She would inform confidentially me that my father was a genius. He was indeed a genius. The possibility of losing my parents was one of my greatest fears I had as a child and also as a teenager. I could not imagine doing what my mother had done as a 19-year-old, coming to Jo’burg alone from Beira on a train. Nor did I want to find myself in the same situation as my father when he was a child. Now in 1990 for the first time in life at the age of 24 as the Afrikaner’s would say ‘jy maak jou eie heil,’ I was now responsible for my own life. I was now the captain of my own ship, and in my drunken state, this realization did actually sink home.
9.
After we had watched Ridley Scott’s science fiction movie ‘Blade Runner’ in 1982 the skyline of the cityscapes of my dad’s comic sketches gradually underwent significant changes from his previous Art Deco skyscrapers. I stopped and gazed up at the skyscrapers taking in the full measure of the Sanlam Centre with its vertical striped black and white marble lines. I wondered in what way its architecture represented a symbolic celebration of Afrikaner Nationalism and volkskapitalisme in the heart of a city built by Jews. It was eventually sold and renamed the Marble Towers and a huge red Coke advertising sign was placed on the top of the building. The Sanlam Centre, a skyscraper of 32 storeys tall, was built in 1973 when I was seven years old, reading Batman comics with Kamilla and Alžběta, who as you know by now were my classmates at Martin School, and we were in standard two at the time. I had boxes filled with comics, all kinds of comics, which we read. Kamilla’s family had escaped from the communism of Hungary and Alžběta and her family had escaped from the communism of Czechoslovakia after the failed Prague Spring. Sorina could not escape from the communism of Romania. She had to eat the shit until 1989 as she put it. Now she is sucking black cock for a living. This while Kamilla and Alžběta lived the good life in apartheid South Africa. Their fathers were skilled aircraft technicians who were eventually employed at the Atlas Aircraft Cooperation near Boksburg. Atlas Aircraft Corporation was founded by the apartheid government as a State-Owned Enterprise (SOE) in 1965 to manufacture locally produced fighter aircraft. At the corner of Jeppe and Von Wielligh Street, I turned left and continued down Von Wielligh Street walking northwards, crossing the intersection of Bree Street. From Von Wielligh I continued down Klein Street, which intersected with Plein Street. The Diplomat Hotel was in Klein Street. Also in Klein Street were all the Escort Agencies. In fact, the whole area bordered by Bree Street, Klein Street, Plein and Twist Street, had become a flagrant and flourishing and flashing neon-lit red light district. On the opposite (West) side of road across from the Diplomat Hotel on the corner of Klein and Bree Street stood the old Queen's Court block of flats with its balconies. In the 1970s there used to be a nightclub called Tramps in the basement of the Diplomat Hotel, which became quite a wild joint in the 1980s, with people shooting heroin or welconal (also called Pinks) in the toilets. Talking about Jo’burg nightclubs, if we go back to Bree Street for a moment, the moment being now in 2020, Bree Street had in the interim become infamous for its crowded, bustling and dangerous taxi ranks. However, in the 1970s to early 1980s, if you proceeded along Bree street westwards it would have taken you back to memories that lie in the past, to a place which was known as Raffles Night Club. The nightclub was in the Rand International Hotel. At the Klein and Plein Street intersection, I took a right turn, proceeding eastwards to get to Twist Street. Going down Plein Street I walked past more neon-lit escort agencies and massage parlours. In the dimly lit interiors, a passing glance would reveal to the curious gaze that time immemorial scene of painted ladies lounging quietly on sofas, white, black, Coloured and Indian, smoking cigarettes while waiting patiently for customers. The immorality act, a foundational stone in the legal edifice of apartheid, which made interracial sex an offence, had been repealed in 1985. In terms of the law, interracial sex had been de-criminalized, and the police had also turned a blind eye to the now burgeoning illegal sex industry which had been operating openly on the streets of the city since the 1970s. The 1960s, which was the pinnacle decade of the apartheid experiment in social engineering, had rapidly receded into that shadowy beyond the pale white realm of forgetfulness and denial. Now that the floodgates of ‘illicit sex’ had been opened the magnitude of its prevalence, popularity, and demand made it impossible to control through the arrest and prosecution of offenders. White demand and desire for black flesh proved to be insatiable beyond all limits. Almost overnight Jo’burg had become an African version of Thailand’s Bangkok. Now at the end of the 1980s and at the beginning of the 1990s many of the streets of Jo’burg’s inner-city were beginning to resemble Patpong Street, a street which had become an international destination for sex tourism, famous for its fabulous flaunting neon-lit erotic attractions and fantastical carnivalesque crowded nightly pageants of fresh nubile female bodies. Also in Plein Street, I stopped momentarily to gaze up at the 18 storey five star Landdrost Hotel (with Annabel’s Nightclub at its summit) where Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton once stayed over on a visit to South Africa. It was once the flagship of the Southern Sun hotel group. Further down Plein Street at the intersection with Quartz Street was the location of the Ster Kinekor Complex. When the robots turned green at the Twist and Plein Street intersection, I continued northwards up the hill towards Hillbrow along Twist Street.
8.
In the 1980s, my father, who had been trapped in the past, in the architectural cityscape of the old Johannesburg, finally realized that the dystopian city for his comic book superheroes would have to be completely re-imagined or re-conceived, not only architecturally but also technologically, in the form the futuristic city. To view contemporary versions of the futuristic city one has to go to China. Anyway, regarding the essential nature of the futuristic city, he did not share his thoughts with me. However, they were evident in his later comic strip cartoon sketches, sketches which were filled with arrows and notes which revealed his inner artistic struggle with regard to realizing the re-conceptualization of a futuristic comic cartoon strip depicting the life and death struggle between good and evil within the setting of an as yet to be realized technologically advanced but dystopian cityscape. His goal was to re-imagine the architectonics of the dystopian cityscape. My dad who never owned a computer or a cell phone did not belong to the 21st Century. When I think back, it had become inconceivable for him to imagine the 21st Century despite his deep interest and love of technology and engineering and science. But he knew that he had to break away from the kind of architectural dystopian vision that Fritz Lang had captured in his silent German expressionist movie called ‘Metropolis’ with its colossal, towering and overpowering vertical modernist cityscapes. One thing my father did state was that every possible futuristic modernist dystopian cityscape would necessarily be in the form of an oligarchy based on an apartheid-city-like-state or on a divided and unequal polis. Another thing he did say was that the diversions of circus and carnival and free-bread would feature prominently in the futuristic dystopian cityscape. I subsequently learnt that Fritz Lang was technically Jewish. His mother converted to Catholicism before he was born. Ironically, both Hitler and Goebbels admired Lang’s ‘Metropolis’. At the time Lang’s ex-wife Thea Von Harbou, possibly a pro-Nazi, wrote the screenplay for his movie. While he fled Nazi Germany, she stayed behind. As my father said the scale and nature of the futuristic dystopian city had to conform to that of the gigantic and the grotesque and the garish and the vulgar and the sleeplessness of the megacity, a city which was both labyrinthic and panoptic, making it an omniscient and omnipresent city, a city whose boundaries and reach stretched from horizon to horizon like a continent floating in an infinite ocean of extreme poverty populated by a starving disposable mass of superfluous humanity. Also a city from which the individual mind would not be able to hide its inner secrets. The panopticon technology would be powerful enough to penetrate the infinite inner horizons of the mind and imagination and motives and emotions of its citizens. The brains of its citizens would be under constant surveillance, every thought, idea or mental image, would be captured, decoded and scrutinized by a vast computerized network of surveillance. My dad had actually imagined this! It has been taken for granted that the city could eventually become the centre where the Hegelian consciousness of the Absolute or the Idea would be realized. However, the self-conscious and all-knowing futuristic dystopian city would eventually turn out to be fascist, even if it started out as a Marxist project, think of North Korea or the Cambodian Khmer Rouge. The futuristic city would be the kind of city that resembles the North Korean utopian dream, not to mention that it also represents the utopian dream of the ruling political elite in China. It could even be what the political elite of US desire. Like all ruling elites, they too are also obsessed with surveillance, to ensure that everyone adheres to ‘politically correct thinking’ and ‘politically correct attitudes’ and ‘political correct beliefs’. In short, it is the dream of all oligarchs
9.
Like I have said, my dad like many of his generation remained trapped in the mindset of the mid-20th Century. He tried to imagine the full extent of the infinite horizon of technology possibilities. If he had lived long enough he would have witnessed the revolutionary emergence of the Internet, and also the kind of information and data collection and data processing technology and computational technology which we now have at our fingertips. He was not a mathematical cripple or a maths illiterate. He knew about Alan Turing’s work. He was familiar with the mathematical basis of computation, especially with respect to algorithms and Turing computational machines. He was familiar with cellular automata theory and he spoke at length about how the robotized mind could work as a problem-solving machine. In the last year of his life, he read Roger Penrose’s ‘The Emperor’s New Mind’. Penrose’s book dramatically opened up his mind to all kinds of algorithmic possibilities regarding the engineering of artificial intelligence in robots that looked and behaved like ordinary human beings. He could not contain his excitement. And like Moses, he did get his glimpse of the future. In the Torah, Numbers 27:12 we read: The LORD said to Moses, ‘Go up into this mountain of Abarim and see the land that I have given to the people of Israel.’ The land was the Promised Land, a land overflowing with milk and honey. It was the land that was ready for colonial conquest by the Israelites, God’s chosen people. And as Martin Luther King said in his famous 1968 speech: ‘I have been to the mountain top…’ The real question is: what kind of future city do we see from the mountaintop? And what precisely is the mountain top from which we can envisage the future. Will it be from the mountaintop of art or science, meaning will it be from the mountaintop of REASON? Or will it not be from the mountain top of politics or state power. What is my hope for the future? Every year so far it has been: ‘L'Shana Haba'ah B'Yerushalayim’, which literally means ‘Next year in Jerusalem’, it is the strong nostalgic sentiment expressed in the song at the end of the Passover Seder and at the end of the Ne'ila service on Yom Kippur. 
10.
So it is an iron law of human history that all post-Neolithic human social formations evolve inexorably into oligarchies, and all oligarchies converge asymptotically into fascist and apartheid-styled dystopias. The superfluous unemployable and redundant mass of humanity always becomes the apartheid other, in the social, economic and political form of disposable and unwanted human trash. My father always believed that it was not the engineer or technologist or scientist, but rather the artist, in the role of the painter, writer, comic cartoonist, rock musician and filmmaker, who inadvertently and unscripted becomes the prophetic voice, and in whose artist work the inevitable dystopian future is envisaged, a future from which the whole of humanity cannot escape. The destruction of unity and solidarity and empathy and compassion and conscience and community which is brought about by the absolute atomization, fragmentation and alienation of human existence defines the essential nature of the dystopian reality. And it is this total eradication of all human solidarity, with its accompanying vocabularies and narratives of dislocation and destruction and disintegration and dismantling and decay and decline and degeneration and disappointment and decomposition and dereliction and dismembering and distanciation and dismay and disquiet and disassimilation which become synonymous with the meaning of Dystopia. These are the vocabularies that embody the meaning of the big ‘Ds’ which spell the word ‘Dystopia’. A word that refers to the tearing apart of human life and existence. A phenomenon which has been artistically and aesthetically represented according to Katherine Kuh in the art forms of the 20th Century It ‘has been characterized by shattered surfaces, broken colour, segmented compositions, dissolving forms, and shredded images… every aspect of art has been broken up - colour, light, pigment, form, line, content, space, surface, and design…’ This artistic phenomenon of fragmentation or fracturing or division or of alienation, represented in the broken distortion and dissonance and disassociation and rupture of content, form, and unity, has been depicted not only in the plastic arts, such as expressionism, impressionism, surrealism, cubism, and Dadaism, but also in philosophy, and rock music and the novel and in the cinema and especially in the superhero comic book. 
9.
The building of the fantasy city that can be likened to the creation of the ultimate futuristic urban utopias can also be viewed symbolically as the erection of the Tower of Babel. All such building feats aimed at storming the very heavens will in true Biblical fashion always inexorably degenerate into the inevitable apocalypse that ushers in the new age and the new normal in the form of the dystopian urbanscape. The 20th Century produced the prophetic architectural dress rehearsal for the end of the millennium dystopian urbanscape in the form of Brutalist Architecture that was all the rage from the 1950s to the 1980s. Think of Stanley Kubrick’s 1971 movie A Clockwork Orange based on Anthony Burgess's 1962 novel. In the 20th Century, the creation of dystopian urban utopias has generally been motivated by ‘good intentions’, urban solutions planned and implemented by the political elite on behalf of passive and disempowered masses. In March 2020, after seeing news reports on the lockdown in Wuhan City, and also reports on the technological advancements which have been made with respect to the panopticon-styled or biometric surveillance of Chinese citizens, based on technologies which include public facial recognition CCTV cameras covering most streets, places and spaces within many of the modern cities in China, the idea of the advanced urban utopian dystopia or a smart city exists already as a fact. In actual practice and this applies to China as well as to any other city, the smart city of the future can only exist as an apartheid based dystopia in which humanity is divided into those who live in the city and those who live outside the city’s secured perimeters in the sprawling shanty towns and informal squatter settlements. In the current global demographic situation, the world’s adult population already exceeds by some factor the total number of available jobs. At the current population growth rates, the world’s population will exceed by a 100 fold or even 1000 fold the number of available jobs in the future. Apartheid will be based on the separation of the employed from the unemployable masses who will have to fend for themselves in the wastelands outside of the walled-off perimeters of the smart city. Human life will be worthless. Inequality will be accepted as normal and managed as an insoluble problem and genocidal measures will be used from time to time to cull the vast swaths of humanity existing beyond the pale of the smart city.



Chapter Eight

1.
I walked past that red-bricked gable façade of the old Drill Hall, which was built in 1904. It occupied a full block bordered by Twist, Plein, Quartz and De Villiers Streets. The Ster Kinekor Complex on the corner of Plein and Quartz Street was also across the road on the eastern side of the Drill Hall. To give you some idea of the grid or compass bearings regarding my inebriated perambulation: Jeppe, Bree, Plein and De Villiers Streets all run parallel from east to west and the streets Twist and Quartz run parallel from south to north. On the west side of the Drill Hall across the road from Twist Street there used to be a large empty space or block of bare ground which was regularly used as a temporary military bivouac or an assembly or rendezvous site for the annual intake of national servicemen conscripts who resided within the greater Pretoria-Witwatersrand-Vereeniging (PWV) region, a region which once formed the sprawling industrial complex of the old Transvaal (TVL) Province. Because of my heart condition, I had been exempted from military conscription. So I never set foot on that miserable patch of earth. This patch of earth across the road from the Drill Hall, covering a surface area of roughly two city blocks, with its outer perimeters demarcated by Noord, Twist, Plein and Klein Streets, eventually became the locale of the Noord Taxi Rank and the Park Station Shopping Mall. The Noord Street taxi terminus, separated from the Johannesburg Art Gallery and Joubert Park by the railway lines, also eventually became the largest and busiest microbus taxi rank within the Jo’burg inner-city. Together Noord Street and the railway lines, running parallel from east to west, divided the broader Jo’burg City into a southern half and northern half. Towards the end of the 1990s four major microbus taxi ranks were developed within the Jo’burg CBD. They were named after the old or original Jo’burg streets at which they had become geographically located in the fullness of time. The four taxi ranks are Noord Street, Bree Street, Wanderers and the Faraday Streets. These taxi ranks were built to service the thousands of taxi commuters who were ferried daily between the surrounding black townships and the inner-city. At each rank, hundreds of microbus taxis are usually parked in a series of parallel lanes and queues of passengers queue in long snaking lines at the various designated taxi departures for the different destinations all of which were conveniently signposted. Taking the Noord Street Taxi Rank as an example, the following signposted departures have been organized as follows: Lane 1: Edenvale, Longmeadow. Lane 2: Bramley, Lyndhurst, Roodepoort, Gallo Manor, Sandton, Sunninghill. Lane 3: Alexandra, Heidelberg, Hyde Park, Thokoza. Lane 4: Randburg, Rosebank. Lane 5: Kyalami. Lane 6: Midrand, Centurion, Woodmead, Norwood. Lane 7: Fourways. Lane 8: Diepkloof. Lane 9: Pretoria. Lane 10: Bara Taxi Rank, Orlando, Motswaledi, Southgate, Naturena, Meredale, Suncity. Lane 11: Eastrand Mall, Boksburg. Lane 12: Phumula, Leondale, Spruitview, Eastfield, Dawn Park, Buhle Park, Klipoortjie. Lane 13: Vosloorus. 
2.
Now for a timely detour into the history behind the renaming of streets: Noord Street which I have already mentioned and which runs parallel to the railway lines has now been renamed Sophie De Bruyn Street. From Wikipedia the following information on Sophie De Bruyn has been posted: ‘…On August 9, 1956, she led the march of 20 000 women on the Union Buildings of Pretoria along with Lilian Ngoyi, Rahima Moosa, Helen Joseph, Albertina Sisulu and Bertha Gxowa to protest the requirement that women carry passbooks as part of the pass laws…’ During the tumultuous political upheavals of the 1980s, I too embarked on my own journey of political radicalization. And I also began to interrogate my parent about where they stood politically. Their responses never failed to surprise me. My mother was one of the 20 000 women who participated in that great historical march. My parents, were an enigma, a mystery in fact, there was so much I did not know about them, and when they shared vital recollections of the past I could not help seeing them with new eyes. For example, my mom also knew Sophie De Bruyn who was a garment union activist and who was eventually re-classified under the apartheid laws as a Coloured. My mom also knew Lilian Ngoyi who was also a seamstress and political activist. As a unionized garment worker, my mom in the 1940s and early 1950s had attended union meetings and political meetings where these women and others had addressed the female workers who were employed in the garment industry. Even though she had acquired a white ID card, she told me that in those days she kept quiet about her racial status and allowed fellow workers to think that she was Coloured. All this information regarding her personal history only emerged when I became involved in UDF-linked student politics in the mid to late 1980s. To repeat, racially speaking there was no doubting the fact that my mom was actually Coloured. Socially my parents had shut themselves off from the rest of world in South Africa. They had created a secure cocoon existence to protect themselves and me from the harsh realities of what racial classification meant for them in apartheid South Africa. I discovered that this was the reason why they had enrolled me at Damelin College. It was a manoeuvre to isolate our family further from the wider Boksburg white community. They had no friends nor did they try to make friends, they were always extremely reclusive. The only visitors who came to our home in Witfield were Kamilla and Alžběta. And to them, my mom was always this mysterious Spanish woman of uncertain origins. The European immigrant community from Britain, Austria, Czechoslovakia and Hungary living in Boksburg also kept mainly to themselves and their own kind. It was only their children who mixed and integrated with the local white ‘native’ community.
3.
With regard to student politics at Wits, I was a member of an informal group of about eight students who self-identified as anarchists. We tried to register ourselves as an official university student society without success. Anyway, for two years we meet regularly and participated in all the Wits student protests under our own anarchist banner. We were not part of the mainstream student Left who supported the ANC and SACP. We were critical of the ANC, the SACP and the mainstream student Left. During those days, I was the only non-Jew in our small unofficial club of anarchists. We managed to publish and regularly distribute our Anarchist Manifesto and Anarchist Newsletter in a glossy folded pamphlet, the printing was sponsored by one of the Jewish parents. To our surprise and ‘delight’ the government banned our anarchist pamphlets making it an offense to produce or distribute or have our Anarchist Manifesto in one’s possession For months thereafter we thought that we would be arrested and detained by the security police. We imagined that we were under constant police surveillance. However, nothing happened even though we envisaged our small group of committed anarchists as the most radical and revolutionary ‘organization’ in South Africa. Everyone had lost the plot of history except us. Even though we were smart, cheeky, and audacious, and full of chutzpah, we were not considered a threat to state security. As far we could ascertain, post-1994, none of our names ever got onto the security police files. Which was a great disappointment! I never mentioned anything regarding my political adventures to my parents. My seven comrades eventually became successful academics, advocates, and entrepreneurs, and in recent years after having drifted apart, we have renewed our friendships by making contact and remaining in contact via social media. 
4.
Where are we now? It was a Saturday afternoon and it had become a typical late summer’s day. Having reluctantly taken leave of Sorina I made my way up Twist Street towards Hillbrow. I knew that the magic of our encounter and time together had been lost forever and could never in this life be re-created or re-enacted ever again. Yes, never ever again. I had paid her R 200.00 for her time and she had taken the money. On what grounds could I see her again? I would have to pay her in order to be with her and I would be cast in the role of just another ordinary john, and that was the last thing that I wanted, it would be humiliating for me. So I persuaded myself that it would be best to keep a lovely memory alive than to try and see her again. It was not that I had never before enjoyed intimate moments with a beautiful woman. I have had those opportunities with both Kamilla and Alžběta. They both remain very much alive in my erotic imagination. They don’t know that they have this other erotic secret existence in a parallel universe located in the mind of their dear friend. And now I have an additional consolation in the form of a mythologized fantasy of Sorina archived away in my brain where she can live as my concubine. At the corner of Twist and Wolmarans Streets, while waiting for the robot to turn green I used the passing moment to take in the sight of Lorna Court, which was a block of apartments that had been built around about 1931. In terms of its inner-city geographic location, it was situated on the border between Joubert Park and Hillbrow. In its day, it was acclaimed as an architectural jewel that aesthetically speaking had vividly captured all the keynote elements, which resonated with the ethos and mood of Manhattan in the 1930s. The Johannesburger Hotel stood across the road on the opposite corner. After crossing the road, I turned right walking eastwards along Wolmarans Street to its intersection with Quartz Street. The Park Royal apartment block stood on the corner of Wolmarans and Quartz Street. On the opposite corner or block, across the road, was the small brick building of the Christian Science Church which had been squashed into the narrowest of spaces within the block that it shared with the stately old Park Synagogue. Tall majestic plane trees with their thick white dappled trunks lined the pavements of Wolmarans and Quartz Streets. Wolmarans Street was a three-lane one-way main street in the direction running from east to west and Quartz Street was a one-lane one-way street running in the direction from south to north. Turning left into Quartz Street I decided to stay under the shade cast by the vast canopies of the plane trees and head northwards into the dense high-rise flatland of Hillbrow. There were no traffic lights at the Smit and Quartz Street intersection. Smit Street was also a three-lane one-way main street running from west to east. Diagonally across the road, to the right (if you facing north) from the corner of Smit and Quartz Street intersection stood the once-popular Europa Hotel on the corner of Smit and Claim streets. In the late 1970s and early 1980s, the Europa Hotel was once a popular dance venue or clubbing venue for Afrikaans speaking residents who lived in the inner-city flatlands of Joubert Park, Braamfontein and Hillbrow. Afrikaans speaking youngsters from the southern suburbs of Booysens, Southdale, Robertsham, Haddon, Turffontein, Rosettenville, Mondeor and Meredale also patronized the hotel on Friday and Saturday nights. During that period, the inner-cityscape of Jo’burg had enjoyed a different prehistory. As I have mentioned it was the time when the patrons of the Europa Hotel were comprised mainly of Afrikaners who came from working and lower middle-class backgrounds. Also during that period, especially at night, they owned the streets of Jo’burg. From the 1970s onwards, white street prostitutes also began to ply their trade in Quartz Street. And as things turned out it was during the 1980s that black prostitutes began to share the streets with them. Until about 1986, the Europa Hotel was featured in the ‘Lonely Planet’ guide book, where it was recommended as a cheap and clean backpacking tourist stayover. By end of the 1980s, the once glamorous past of the Europa Hotel came to an abrupt termination. In the 1990s, it was overtaken by the underworld, metamorphosizing into a brothel and a haven for drug dealers and criminals. 
5.
I heard a familiar voice call out: ‘Hey Gavin what's up?’ From the afternoon veil of shadows cast by statuesque plane trees, which lined the pavements of Quartz Street, Carol emerged smiling with a pretty friend in tow. She was the Zimbabwean I have already mentioned, a Shona, an illegal immigrant, who had somehow slipped prematurely into South Africa, considering the fact that we were still in the early dawn of the 1990s. Under the cover of darkness together with other Zimbabwean economic refugees, she had crossed the crocodile infested Limpopo River into South Africa. She now lived quite comfortably on the same floor in Monis Mansions. She spoke perfectly accented upper-class Rhodesian A-Level English. She once announced in her posh English accent: ‘Zimbabwe is going down the tubes, we are all starving, and there is no future in Zim. So you gotta do what you gotta do.’ Today, unlike other days, she was dressed in stilettos, black stockings, a long shining black wig, and hardly anything else. Once more, I am in the presence of an enchanting beauty who could be as deadly as a Gaboon Viper or a Black Mamba. And at all costs, I must avoid physical entanglements with beautiful creatures such as Carol, lest she also sinks her fangs into me and injects me with her venomous and deadly fluids She put her arm affectionately around my waist and gave me a red lipstick peck on my cheek. Reciprocating, I also put my arm around her waist, and held her black satiny body tightly for a moment against my side, her smooth fragrant skin felt pleasantly cool. Turning to her friend, she said: ‘Gavin lives two doors away from me; we are on the same floor of Monis Mansions. He is a lecturer at the University of the Witwatersrand’. ‘Wow!’ her friend said enthusiastically, fluttering her eyelids seductively. Carol’s pupils were dilated. She was as high as a kite. We had become acquainted enough to engage in the usual friendly non-committal pleasantries in the foyer and in the lift. ‘What are you doing,’ the words just slipped out of my mouth. ‘What do you think darling? A girl has to eat you know.’ She chuckled sweetly. ‘We have a customer, I mean a client,’ her friend announced pointing with her eyes at a silver Mercedes, which had just turned slowly and carefully into Quartz Streets. ‘Yeah, he has gone round the block three times already.’ Smit Street was clear of traffic so I crossed the road, and from the other side of the street I stopped opposite the front entrance of Roseneath Hotel for a moment to look back. The passenger door was open and Carol had just climbed in. The driver was a white guy, possibly in his late forties. The door closed and the car turned right into Smit Street and right again into Claim Street, a one-way street that headed southwards into town. Maybe they will go to her flat at Monis Mansions or book a room at the Diplomat Hotel, who knows? I see her friend standing alone next to the trunk of a plane tree. She waves. I wave back. She blows a kiss. I blow a kiss back. She laughs. I make a low bow to her. She bursts out laughing again, clapping her hands. I never saw a woman so alone. And I wonder what the true meaning of my presence in the world could possibly be. What is my role in this world, and what is the plot of my life if any, am I being true to some script, or do I tell my own story in my own way, improvising along the way? What is the script of my life anyway? Do I invent my life, investing it with meaning and significance as I go along, passing from one scene to the next scene, living each moment from one frame to the next, a bubble filled with text and thoughts informing the reader of what is going on during each step of the way, frame for frame? Who is the reader of the comic book of our lives? If there is such a reader, it can only be a divine reader. It is mentioned somewhere in the Quran that an invisible angel sits on our left shoulder and another invisible angel also sits on our right shoulder, and each angel has a pen and a little black book in which they record all the deeds which we have committed during our life on earth. The angel on the left shoulder records all our bad or evil deeds, and the angel on the right shoulder records all our good deeds. When we die, we are doomed to appear before the seat of judgment to give an account of the life, which we have lived on earth. If the number of our good deeds exceeds the number of our bad deeds, we end up having a positive balance of good deeds, and we are accepted into paradise. If our bad deeds outnumber our good deeds we are cast into hell, where for all eternity we are condemned to endure the excruciating pain of the fierce, fiery fires of hell. To feel pain one has to possess a nervous system. And to feel the pain of hell fires one has to have a nervous system that can withstand the heat of the fires of hell. How else can the immaterial and immortal soul feel or experience pain? What kind of substance is the immaterial and immortal soul made of? These are just thoughts. Of course, I believe in G-d. My thoughts constantly drift towards Hashem, I pray voiceless prayers from the depths of my heart all the time. My thoughts are constantly punctuated with prayers to Hashem. I think of G-d all the time. I have told you that I am naturally religious, a true believer if there ever was one. I pray incessantly. I think of God constantly.
6.
Sorina, Carol and Carol’s friend, and not to forget Kamilla and Alžběta, were all living incarnations of exquisite beauty. They all shared something. Their beauty was enchanting. Beauty enchants the apprising and appreciative gaze for the simple reason that it reflects an element of the divine. I have always been possessed by a certain kind of religious predisposition. It was something innate in my psyche. It involved an awareness of the ineffable presence of the divine, which I experienced in certain kinds of encounters. I have always believed in G-d. It was not an acquired belief, it was instinctive. My parents were far from being religious in any sense of the word. They were completely secular. In fact, they were profoundly godless. G-d or the idea of G-d did not feature at all in their lives. But even so, they exuded a secular goodness. What constituted the ‘Good’ was materialized in the mindful and dutiful performance of doing what was right with regard to the summons attached to all situations demanding decisive actions. ‘Do the right thing,’ that was the ethical or moral categorical imperative that informed my upbringing as a child and teenager and young adult. In the moral universe of my mom and dad, they knew instinctively what was right and what was wrong. Their moral decisiveness was based on an innate civic virtue rather than on any kind of religious belief. They were dutiful people when it came to the exercise of what could only be called virtue. What actually is virtue, now that I am using the word? Where did my mom get her sense of virtue regarding her notions of rightness and wrongness? Let me explain my theory. Firstly, before my mom met my dad in Boksburg she lived in Malvern which was in a south-eastern suburb of Jo’burg. The balcony of her flat overlooked Jules Street with it trams and tramlines, and shops and hotels and bars and bioscopes and rolling skating halls and Indian haberdashery stores and Indian dry goods stores. In Jules Street, she bought meat at the butcher who had scattered a layer of sawdust on the floors of his butchery, and she bought her bread at the baker, her vegetables at the Portuguese greengrocer, her milk, butter and cheese at the dairy, and her shoes and clothing fabrics at AK Bazaars, the Indian store on the west side of Jules Street in Belgravia. Malvern was a white working-class suburb and my mom took pride in her proletarian status. On Friday and Saturdays nights, she watched movies at the Kinema or Metropolis also in Jules Street. She once went to a wedding reception at the Malvern Hotel in Jules Street. Secondly, she was a loner, so she spent her weekends at the movies and reading. She was a bookworm; she read popular fiction and literary fiction in English, Spanish and Portuguese. She was cinematically literate. Without anybody instructing her, she on her own grasped the artistic and aesthetic themes and concepts of the cinema. Like my father, she was a lover of cinema and books. Long-term exposure to literary fiction has been shown to contribute to the development of social cognitive processes, which includes the capacity to comprehend the complexities of social behaviours and psychological phenomena, including the reading of minds and facial expressions. My mom was a good judge of character. She was also able to judge what was right and what was wrong in all situations. No one had to instruct her, she had learnt her theory of morals from literature and the cinema and from reading fiction. She had been baptised, confirmed and catechized as a Roman Catholic in Beira, but she was a lapsed Catholic. She had never gone to confession or mass since she left Beira. In our home, we never really observed or celebrated the high seasons or any of the Christian holidays on the Christian liturgical calendar. Politically my mom was a socialist. She was a strong supporter of the unionization of labour. She was also an animal lover. Before she met my father, her companion was a cat. In Witfield, we always had a dog, a cat and a budgie. They were her pets, not mine or my dad’s. They were her daytime companions when she was alone at our home in Witfield. The only pet I ever had was the Flemish Giant buck rabbit she bought for me at the Martin School fete. It made a marvellous pet. It was very tame and also docile and seemed to enjoy being handled. He was allowed to roam the house when I came home from school. We were both heartbroken when the rabbit eventually died of old age. When I started going out on Friday and Saturday nights while at University she worried a lot. She said if anything happened to me, meaning my death, she would commit suicide because she would not be able to live a day without me. She was emphatic and serious when she repeated that she would not be able to go on living without me. I took her fears seriously. I experienced that moral imperative to do the right thing. I felt a moral obligation to my mother to stay alive, and also to live a trouble-free life while I was under their roof. My duty towards her was not to get killed through drunkenness or plain stupidity. I have to admit, my mother loomed large in my life. Maybe Kamilla and Alžběta were aware of this. Maybe there was an ongoing battle between them and my mother, which I was not aware of. This was the woman who ran away from her parental home in Beira as a 19-year-old girl. 
7.
A red Porsche stopped and Carol’s friend climbed into the passenger seat. She was petite and shapely and graceful, minimally dressed in a tight fitting dazzling white crop top (no bra) which exposed her abdomen, navel and lower waist and black tights (no panties) and patent leather stilettoes. That was all that she was wearing. With minimal effort, these two items of clothing could be shed like a snake’s skin, sloughed from her silky body in a matter of seconds. Having crossed Smit Street I continued walking along the plane tree-lined pavements of Quartz Street into the flatland of Hillbrow. An after-image of Carol’s friend became an erotic movie in my brain, frame after frame, from the moment she slide into the Porsche to the climax following her being penetrated, the Porsche parked in some street in Saxonwold under a jacaranda tree near the Johannesburg Zoological Gardens. One could not help becoming aware that Hillbrow had undergone almost overnight an irreversibly demographic transition. The group areas act would be officially repealed in a few months’ time (19th April 1990), however, since the late 1970s, it had become impossible to enforce the act. Prior to 1977, the tenants in Hillbrow’s flatland, and also in the rest of the inner-city of Jo’burg were completely white. But, between the periods from 1978 to 1982 something dramatic happened in terms of the demographic composition of Hillbrow’s flatlands and residential apartments. By 1982, over four short years, it had become completely reversed, with the majority of white tenants being replaced by Coloured, Indian and black tenants. The same racial demographic dynamics were repeated within all the residential apartments and flatlands in the inner-city of Jo’burg. In 1982, a tipping point had been reached; the racial composition of the inner-city had shifted from white to black. By the end of 1982, the majority of white tenants had migrated out of the inner-city flats and apartments into the northern suburbs of Jo’burg, leaving in their wake a surplus of rental vacancies. The world has undergone successive waves of globalization, which resulted in colonization, mass migration, diffusion of ideas and technology, expansion of trade and markets, off-shoring and migration of jobs, manufacturing, and industrialization. While the Universe as an external physical entity is perfectly rational, the city as a human-created world is irrational because we can never truly feel at home in the city. One can only be home in the world if the world can be truly known and comprehended as being rational. The city was unknowable, it was incomprehensible, it was beyond understanding – it was like trying to predict the motions and interactions in the three-body problem in classical mechanics. How was the city going to behave from one moment to the next as a multi-body dynamical complex?
8.
The high-density high-rise Hillbrow flatland was designed and built for a specific species of tenant, in other words, the transient tenant, who would be here today and gone tomorrow. The transient tenant would be a young adult, and would not be someone who not going to put down permanent roots or long-term roots. Anyway, no one in his or her right mind was actually going to ‘live-in Hillbrow’! Hence, the bachelor flat was the ideal form of residential flatland accommodation for the transient tenant. Single roomed open-plan bachelor flats with small kitchens and bathrooms were all that would be necessary for a low maintenance, lock and go, on the move lifestyle. This kind of accommodation and its associated lifestyle would best fit the social dynamics and behaviours of Hillbrow’s flat dwelling young white residential community. Social cohesion would be the most important missing factor in the residential equation. The Hillbrow flatland community would remain atomised, anonymous, estranged, lonely and even alienated. Cafés, bars, restaurants, shops and nightclubs proved to be insufficient for cementing the kind of social cohesion which would produce a flourishing, vibrant, reciprocally intimate community bound together in long-term relationships of friendship or comradeship or love. Hillbrow could never be like Paris, Vienna, Amsterdam, Madrid, Lisbon, Dublin, New York, or London. White South Africans were not European! Hillbrow could never become a hotspot of cultural thriving and innovation. At the community level, it lacked the necessary psychological, social, artistic, cultural, and political ingredients. After 1975, in response to multiple interactive factors, residential vacancies in Hillbrow began to increase dramatically. Its youthful white population was steadily declining. The 16th June 1976 Soweto Student Uprising definitely had something to do with pushing Hillbrow over its demographic tipping point. The event was also the tipping point for the eventual collapse of apartheid. From then onwards, it was downhill for the Nationalist Party government, which had ironically ignited the uprising through acts of arrogant stupidity.
9.
I was not innocent in my mind. I was not pure. I could not help entertaining sordid fantasies. Like how incredibly fuckable were the bodies of Sorina, Carol and Carol’s friend. These thoughts would not leave me alone, they dogged me. I wondered what it would have been like to possess Carol’s body and her personhood maybe for a mere R 25.00 or R 50.00. The rent for Monis Mansions was R 94.00. I liked Carol very much. I had even imagined dating her after we first become acquainted on first-name terms. I imagined taking her to the movies. Holding her hand. Then going for a meal at a restaurant. Enjoying each other’s company, taking the erotic pleasure in mutual flirtation and physical arousal. Letting the relationship blossom and then having sex. I had worked it all out in my head to the last detail. I was innocently unaware of the fact that she was working the streets of Jo’burg. I was just waiting for the right moment to say: ‘Would you like to go to a movie and dinner?’ In my dirty mind, I heard the echo of Prof Ken’s whisper in my ear: ‘…and get laid?’ I had already imagined having sex with Carol. Having sex with Kamilla would have been pure and pristine and fulfilling in a way that could never have been the case with Sorina and Carol. Sex with Sorina and Carol would have been dystopian sex. Maybe I was being nostalgic for something that never actually existed. Sex with Kamilla would have been like the unworldly and unexpected surprise of the first-ever experience of an organism. She embodies paradise lost. I have become obsessed with paradise lost. My memory was deceiving me. Maybe I was caught up in some kind of erotic nostalgia, wanting to experience that pure undistilled pristine erotic fantasy in which Kamilla had become the guardian and gatekeeper. Now she was that beautiful and exquisite erotic angel holding the flaming torch forbidding all return to that garden of paradise. Maybe the past did not actually exist as I remembered it. Maybe the angel had already drawn the curtain of remembrance, and paradise had disappeared forever. The Supremes: ‘…Just to kiss your sweet, sweet lips…’ Maybe I was blind to the fact that we were already living in a dystopian reality. Dystopia is a state of affairs that is engineered as a consequence of a constellation of actions and inactions. Dystopian planning is for real. Folly is something that has to be planned in great detail and executed with the unparalleled idiocy of a zombie’s dead brain, like the inadvertent instigation and triggering of the 1976 Soweto Uprising by the Nationalist Party government. Dystopian states of affairs do not just happen by themselves. It has to be both carefully and carelessly planned, and I see it now happening everywhere I turn my head, and ‘…all I wanna to do ah is cry, cry, cry…’ (Supremes).
10.
Going back to the presence of the divine element in the enchanting beauty of Sorina, Carol and Carol’s friend, the question is: what would a theology of female beauty entail? Moments ago I was standing drunk on the corner of Smit and Quartz Streets, chatting amiably to two scantily clad black Zimbabwean sex-workers, in the same block as the old grand Great Synagogue, located between Quartz, Smit, Claim and Wolmarans Street, with its grand frontage opening onto Wolmarans Street. It was built between 1913 and 1914, and it would be the Synagogue that I would attend regularly as a member with my family until it closed. Who would have guessed on that day that I would in a year’s time be converting to Judaism? And every time I went to Shul at the Great Synagogue I would remember Carol and Carol’s friend, and the images of them sliding into the passenger seat of some stranger’s car. And I would pray that Hashem would look after them. Both my parents had passed away. I was alone in the world. And it seemed that I could not escape the friendship of prostitutes. The words fill my head: ‘Love is a stranger…’ I want you Sorina, and I also want you Carol and I also want Carol’s friend, I want you in my loneliness, the loneliness which I now feel in my inebriated state in Quartz Street a few blocks away from the Synagogue, but I can’t have you Sorina nor you Carol nor Carol’s friend. Love is an open car, and Carol has already slipped into the passenger seat. Love is a stranger. But this is not love! I am too vulnerable. To do the right thing at the decisive moment always involves a complex and titanic moral struggle. And yet I regret not having sinned. The lost opportunities, where I could have enjoyed the sordid fruits of erotic desire, come back to haunt me, they return as tantalizing erotic fantasies, they live an afterlife as daydreams. And I pray for Sorina, Carol, and Carol’s friend. Is it blasphemy for having these regrets? There are so many unknowables and improbables confronting us in every situation of decision. As they say there is always a moral struggle between passion and reason. Know thyself! Nosce te ipsum or temet nosce. If I had sex with Carol I would have fallen in love with her. This I know. The same with Sorina and Carol’s friend. I know my weaknesses. I could fall in love with a whore. Maybe my mother could see this in me. Maybe my mother is watching me from wherever she is in the afterlife. Surely, she can see the pureness of my heart. I see Sorina and Carol as women I could fall in love with. I do not see them as objects of my lust. My pureness of heart is my redemption. Maybe the prostitutes can sense this. They can read the souls of men. No secrets can be hidden from them. They are all-knowing. They are like angels, angels of the night world. I have a pure heart in spite of the thoughts of having sex with these women, and these thoughts rage in my murmuring heart, making me feel breathless with an unimaginable and unbearable anticipation of expectation, in my virgin state I feel overwhelmed with the mystery of sex, I could have sex any minute, sex without love, sex here in the heat of the afternoon, sex in the humid shade of the plane trees, sex in the street, sex in the dim dank putrid-smelling alleyways amongst the overflowing black plastic dustbins and the huge steel trash collection bins, and I struggle to breathe, and my heart feels as if it is going to explode in my chest, my mouth is dry, I feel hot, feverish and exhausted with the desire for sex as I trudge up the hill of Quartz Street, walking past the prostitutes who are now gathering in the twilight, standing on the street corners, I salute them with waves and bows, explaining that I have no money in my wallet when they solicit me. In my mind’s eye, I strike a pathetic figure as I stagger on my journey in the gathering gloom. The labile frisson of excitement evaporating with the alcohol from every pore of my body. Donna Summers - I feel love! But feeling love would be an absurdity on the corners of Quartz Street. Love is what I wanted, what I needed right now, it was also something I wanted to give to any half-dressed woman, black, white, coloured or Indian, who steps out from the shadows and clings to me with the promise of eternal faithfulness. Woman take me in your arms. Open up your heart…
11.
I reached the Quartz and Esselen street intersection. The Moulin Rouge Hotel stands on the corner of Claim and Esselen Streets. It was in 1988, and at the Moulin Rouge, that I befriended a cabaret singer, her name was Antoinette Cilliers, she grew up in Boksburg North and went to Potchefstroom University where she studied Philosophy and English, and we become friends. When she had finished for the evening, she would join me. We would sit at a table in a dim corner until the bar closed, and we talked earnestly and frantically about everything as if the world was going to end at any moment. She lived in a small bachelor's flat in Highpoint. Our relationship started as being perfectly Platonic. We enjoyed each other’s company. She was older than me, the reason why we became such good friends was because I had read Jürgen Habermas’ book Knowledge and Human Interests. Her BA Honours thesis was on Knowledge and Human Interests. Also at the Moulin Rouge Hotel, through Antoinette, I also befriended a Canadian artist who lodged in a house in Houghton. Afterwards, I would walk Antoinette to her flat, we would go up the lift. One Saturday night at the door of her flat, she holds both my hands and kisses me on my cheek. She calls me her dearest friend from Boksburg. And these little expressions of affections and endearments made me fall in love with her. We were invited to a dinner by the Canadian artist at the house in Houghton where she lodged. A prominent Jo’burg advocate owned the house. I fetched Antoinette outside Highpoint and we sat side by side at the dinner table. Sometime afterwards we were again invited by the Canadian artist, but this time to a party at the same house in Houghton. I remember Canned Heat – ‘On the Road Again’, being played now as I write. Antoinette got quite tipsy, we found ourselves in a tight embrace after a couple of slow shuffle dances, and we began to smooch, while the music played ‘…the first time I travelled far in the rain and snow…’ Apparently, everyone at the party except for us happened to somebody big in Jo’burg. We were mingling with the Jo’burg elite. The palatial home was crowded with big shot advocates, and captains of industry, plus filmmakers, actors, artists, journalists and writers, and they all seemed to be having a great time as the People’s War raged on in the townships. And my poor Antoinette was stuck with me and the Frankfurt School of Neo-Marxism. No one, not even the artist from Canada, had heard of Marcuse, Adorno, Horkheimer, Walter Benjamin, or Habermas, not to mention Althusser or Poulantzas or Gramsci. She began to berate the bourgeoisie and wished revolutionary destruction on the white elite of Jo’burg. I had tried previously unsuccessfully to get-off properly with Antoinette, which meant heavy smooching and maybe some heavy petting and fondling, but with no success, and I always had the condom in my pocket. Prof Ken if he had seen me at the party would have asked if I had got lucky with Antoinette that night. He was a curious man when it came to this kind of stuff. He would want to know if I had managed to nail Antoinette. Car radio playing on the way back to Highpoint Hillbrow at 02.00 am in the morning: Prince – ‘Purple Rain’. Antoinette’s eyes are now brimming with tears, she is ‘dronk verdriet’. She exclaims that she simply loves this lyric. In fact, it is one of her popular numbers that she sings in the Moulin Rouge pub. At her flat door, she asks if I want to come in, I mumble something about my parents waiting at home for me. I wanted to fuck her so badly, but I walked away, even though I knew that come tomorrow I would wake up regretting not having fucked her ‘…I never wanted to be your weekend lover…’ echoed in my head on the way home on the R24 highway to Witfield in Boksburg.



Chapter Nine

1.
Across the robot intersection with Claim Street going east on the right side rises the Esselen Towers. Fast forward to the eve of the 1994 elections. Tiananmen Square has receded rapidly into the forgetfulness of history. Instead, a flood of youthful Chinese fortune seekers have invaded the world. Esselen Towers has become a temporary base for many of the Chinese flooding into Jo’burg. In 1992, Zhang Jin in the company of a friend knocked at my office door. He had travelled by Trans-Siberian rail over 8 000 km to Moscow. From Moscow, he had travelled to Vienna where he tried to register for a PhD at the University of Vienna. Having failed in that endeavour, he bought a plane ticket to Jan Smuts Airport South Africa. He completed his PhD in my lab under my supervision. We have been friends and research collaborators for more than 25 years.
2.
Jim Morrison lead singer of the Doors found dead in his Paris apartment. It is the news announcement voice-over at the beginning of a YouTube video rendition of his ‘LA Woman’. He died in 1971. I was five years old. Found dead! Throughout my life, I have often tried to imagine what it must be like to be dead. It is impossible to know what it feels like to be dead. If anything is unknownable in principle, it is what it feels like to be dead. LA Woman. I think of the city at night. I get to the T-junction intersection of Quartz and Kotze Street. The Doors – The End. Common baby, take a chance with us. Prostitutes everywhere. Common baby take a chance with us. Back to the Kotze Street T junction. I have no money left in my wallet so I head off to an ATM in Highpoint on the corner of Kotze and Claim Street. I draw R 200.00. It was a lot of money in 1990. I feel my father’s disapproving scowl from the afterlife. He tells my mother that I am going to spend my inheritance money on prostitutes. I am hungry so I head off to the Tropicana Fast food take-aways. I buy a large beef burger, large packet of chips and a large coke, plus a packet of Dentyne chewing gum. I am sobering up. The alcoholic haze has lifted. I decide to go browse books at Exclusive Books on the corner of Claim and Pretoria Street. While browsing through the bookshelves I spot someone I know even though we have never been formally introduced. I knew her name, it was Millicent Rosen. I doubt that she knew my name. She was a few standards below me at Damelin College and then she was also a student at Wits. We were on nodding terms. If we happened to catch each other’s eye while passing on Wits Campus we nodded vaguely and impersonally at each other, a bare token recognition that we knew each other’s face from our Damelin College high school days. Because it had been a scorching day, she was dressed in a short clinging slip of a dress. At the sight of her legs, and her long dark hair, her erotically forlorn pale Rosa Luxemburg face, her sensual nose and full lips, I felt the uncontrollable rising tide of hot blood in my body, placing my murmuring heart under strain, and my engorged prick swelled until it began to hurt. I stuffed strips of gum into my mouth. I became uncomfortably aware of the possibility that I reeked of alcohol, sweat and the perfume of hookers. I could feel that my face glowed brilliantly, shining with heat and perspiration. My shirt felt dirty, sticky and clingy. Unobtrusively I stalked her from bookshelf to bookshelf. She turned her head and saw me. I nodded solemnly; she nodded back with a subtle flicker of a smile playing mysteriously on her lips as if she knew what I had been up to. She put the book back, which she had been paging through. She seemed to be have been in two minds whether or not to buy it. When I looked up again she was gone. Joan Armatrading playing: Down to Zero. ‘…Oh that feeling…’ The book that she had returned to shelf had a black front cover. I retrieved it. It was a book by Christian Metz entitled ‘Film Language – A Semiotics of the Cinema’. I bought it. Outside standing on the pavement at the robots on the corner of Claim and Pretoria Street it felt a lot cooler. It was almost 8.00 pm, across the street the neon lights of the Summit Club beckoned. To the right down the road at the T-junction the neon-lit white façade of the Chelsea Hotel, a familiar Hillbrow landmark, extended its invitation to the milling crowds. From the Ambassador Hotel, the beat throbbed, heating up the night. And the night was still young. A full moon had impaled itself on the Hillbrow Tower, formerly known as the Strijdom Tower. In 1977, we celebrated my birthday at the revolving restaurant balanced on the top of Hillbrow Tower. I had just turned 12 and my folks had invited Kamilla and Alžběta along as my birthday guests. As you know, I was innocently in love with Kamilla. We were all dressed up. Both Kamilla and Alžběta looked stunning, with their faces all made up with eye shadow, rouge and lipstick. My mom looked especially dazzling in her new red dress bought especially for the occasion, and she looked like a Flamenco dancer, and my dad wore a bowtie and a dark suit. Both Kamilla and Alžběta complimented my mom on her dress and her appearance. The three of us, Kamilla, Alžběta and me, smiling, glowing and gushing with excitement at the panoramic sky view of a glittering Jo’burg at night revolving beneath us. The trumpets of the angels sounded, the angelic hosts filled the heavens, and the restaurant turned on its axis, and the earth, in turn, rotated on its axis while orbiting the sun, and the entire solar system rotated on its axis, and the Milky Way also rotated on its axis, and the entire Universe turned. And the moon smiled. And…and…and. And they say you should not start a sentence with a conjunction. And why not? Have you noticed how Vladimir Nabokov in Lolita plays with the word ‘and’.  
3.
After testing which way the wind was blowing, a voice in my head said: ‘Why not?’ So I embraced the city of night and carrying my book ‘Film Language’ in a plastic packet I crossed the road. Like Kant said in his ‘Critique of Pure Reason’, the mind is not a passive receiver of information in the form of sensations or sensory experiences transmitted from our eyes, ears, nose, tongue and skin to our brains. Motel burning. The sensations do not only stir up thoughts, they are also shaped by thoughts already alive in the brain. Thoughts and thinking give shape, content and form to our sensations. Our minds participate actively in the organization and systematization of all our sensory experiences, giving meaning and significance to everything that we see, hear, smell, taste or touch.
4.
Chasing the dialectical resolution of conflict and contradictions. Could my life be reduced to a sequence of comic cartoons with bubbles filled with text and frozen pictures that embody in someone’s imagination the very essence of life, motion and action? In my consciousness, should I essentially be as free as Sartre would have it? ‘Essentially’ is a strong word as you can guess. I don’t have any problem with the word. In fact, I like the word. It is an important word to me. Essentialism! Say it again! It is the foundation of scientific realism. Things exist by virtue of their essential properties, which include their powers and dispositions and relationships. Even Hegel essentially agrees with this dialectical proposition. He owns it, and so does Plato. What else is the One and the Many about or the Implicit and the Explicit or the Subject and the Object or even Reason. It fills his Logic and Phenomenology. There could be no existence without essence. There is no precedence with regard to existence and essence. An electron exists by virtue of having a negative charge. In the Sartrean conceptualization of the meaning of freedom the burden of my own freedom lies like a yoke on my shoulders – the onus is on me to be free, or to claim my freedom, even if I am a prisoner in the Gulag or a black in apartheid South Africa. Can I really imagine the world and conceive or conceptualize it in any way that I wish or choose, in a way that suits me? As a scientist, my answer is an emphatic no! How can I possibly affirm my freedom? 
5.
Inside The Summit Club, the fluorescence of the multi-coloured neon lighting seemed to deepen the dimness of the club’s interior. A blue luminous haze of cigarette smoke filled the air. Fortunately, the aircons were on full blast. There was barely space to move it was so crowded. In spite of the aircon-induced chill, the barmaids were topless wearing only minute skirts. Most of the sex-workers from Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Swaziland, Soweto, Thailand, Singapore, and China were attired in little more than lipstick, eyeshadow, stiletto heels, stockings, suspenders, bits of shining fabric and glitter, the compliant, complicit and intentional and sensual-erotic presence of their curvaceous and voluptuous bodies added to the complex entanglement of magic, fantasy, exploitation, commodification, despair, futility, loneliness, lies and reality, all within the controlled confines of a patriarchal constructed system. In the shadowless golden blaze of the overhead stage lighting, a stripper performed her routine to the music of Alice Cooper’s Lost in America. Inside the club, a multiracial crowd of patrons comprised mainly of males belonging to the canonical South African racial classification of white, black, Coloured and Indian, negotiated the shifting boundaries of transgression, danger and pleasure. Black sex-workers outnumbered white sex-workers. It felt as if I had walked onto a Miami Vice film set. I felt overwhelmed by a catharsis, which in another world only a Roman gladiatorial circus could have induced. Was this how my day was going to end? I noticed a vacant chair at a table where three black men were sitting. I asked if I could sit down at their table. ‘No problem,’ one of them immediately answered. A topless waitress soon arrived and I ordered a can of Cocoa Cola with a glass filled with ice. While sipping the Coke from a glass clinking with ice cubes I opened the book out of curiosity and began to flip through the pages, glossing over words, sentences and paragraphs. A perfumed presence from behind greeted me by my name. It was Carol’s friend. Learning over close to my ear so that I could hear what she was saying above the deafening noise, she asked if she could join me. I said yes. She pulled a chair from another table and shoved it close next to mine. ‘I didn’t get your name,’ I said after I had ordered her a drink, a  double vodka and orange juice. ‘Scarlett,’ she answered. I was not sure whether I heard right. ‘Scarlett?’ ‘Yes, Scarlett, like Scarlett O'Hara in ‘Gone with the Wind’, it is one of my favourite films.’ ‘I think Vivien Leigh was one the most beautiful actresses ever,’ she said without pausing. I was not sure whether this was for real, so I asked her: ‘You said were from Zim.’ ‘Yes, I am from Zimbabwe.’ ‘What school did you go to?’ ‘I did A-levels at the Dominican Convent School in Harare,’ she answered with an ironical smile. Like Carol, she was smart. ‘What book are you reading?’ She asked taking the book gently from my hand. ‘Looks interesting, what’s semiotics?’ After explaining semiotics to her we continued to make small talk until we ran out of things to say. I was curious about her line of work, so I said: ‘I saw the red Porsche that picked you up.’ ‘Yeah, he is a regular, all he wanted was for me to take of my clothes so he can feel my body while I sucked his cock.’ She laughed. ‘If you want to we can go upstairs, I have a key to a friend’s room, for R 50.00 you get sex for one hour or for R 150.00 we can spend the night together, and that is a special offer.’ It was time for me to go. After looking at my watch for a moment I said: ‘Thanks, but I think I am going to call it a day. It has been a long and eventful day. I think I am going to hit the road, Jack.’ She laughed. ‘You are so funny!’ ‘Yeah, I am off to the Wild West Show,’ I said as I pushed my chair back from the table. I struggled awkwardly to get on my feet in the small space between the chair and the table while clutching my book. ‘Good night cowboy,’ she said, her face imitating sadness and forlornness at my departure. I needed to get out of the place. Amy Winehouse YouTube: Free Nelson Mandela! Are you so blind that you cannot see? Twenty-one years in captivity.
6.
The memory of my momentary encounter with Millicent in Exclusive books was still fresh in my mind and it was jarring with my continued presence in the strip club, which was also to all intents and purposes a flourishing brothel. What would she think of me if she learnt that I had been in a place like this? Well, I have certainly not been an angel for most of my life, this much I can say. As an undergraduate in the company of Rafi and all the wild boys, I think I have been in every nightclub and strip club in Jo’burg while my mother waited up for me. She was not a religious woman but she prayed, this I know, she prayed to Hashem: ‘Please bring my boy safely home, preserve his life, I could not bear to lose him, he is all that Cliffy and I have. He is the joy of our lives.’ And the Lord heard her prayer, and the Lord preserved my life for the sake of my mother. They did not want to lose me. They would not be able to handle it. I used to shudder at the thought of my own death not because I was worried about dying or being killed, but because I did not want them to experience the unbearable burden of sorrow and suffer the terrible emotional pain, that my death would cause them. Nevertheless, I have lost both of them, mother and father. I was the one in pain. I was the one who was now alone in the world. I was the one who was suffering an unbearable loss. And now, at this moment, in the shadows of Hillbrow, I was feeling the full weight of my guilt. I had taken them for granted, my dark mother and my orphan father. I had disappointed them. I had never felt this kind of guilt before. Let’s leave it at that, we all have to bear our own burdens of guilt. 
7.
During my undergraduate years, we did make frequent sallies to striptease and exotic dancing joints mainly at Rafi’s instigation. My mom and dad would have been shocked and disappointed if they knew what kind of places we were frequenting. Anyway, everything would be prearranged by special invitation, and we would meet at the pre-designated voluptuous destinations reserved for the voyeuristic nocturnal travelistas, at the appointed time, to partake in a naughty boys’ night out on the town. It would be an occasion to enjoy the masculine camaraderie of the lads in one’s undergraduate class. It would be an occasion to let one’s hair down after exams and allow oneself to be caught up in the infectious hilarity of the moment. We were not visiting these places as typical visual consumers of female bodies, bodies that had been commodified and objectified and reified for the pleasure of the male voyeuristic gaze. The evening entertainment revolved around what we were able to do through our own discordant actions and vocalizations which were clever and witty and unserious, which had the effect of undermining the dancer’s performance, transforming her routine into a travesty of its intended purpose, ruining the atmosphere in the process, destabilizing the dancer’s grip on whatever agency she could exert psychologically or emotionally on a cooperatively receptive and compliant and passive male audience. Rafi got off on making the act a parody or comedy. He wanted the exotic dancers to become annoyed, or better still frustrated, and as the ringleader, he often succeeded in orchestrating this. Rafi understood that in the play-script of the exotic dancer, in the sensual and erotic exhibition of her body, she became the producer of fantasy, creating an object of desire, performed by a virtual self, an invented image which she constructed and projected and paraded, which was not reflective of her own actual or authentic or genuine internal personal sexual desires or erotic psychological state or intimate emotional needs, but instead, it was an empty enactment, a charade, executed and choreographed in an almost ritualistic or formulaic fashion, involving a commodification and alienation of herself in the objectified form of her body, in which she becomes a monetizable use-value, designed to mirror, in a reciprocal act of make-belief, which was supposed to engage with the desires of the male audience who as consumers of the fantasy could achieve the benefits of sexual release which she was empowered to facilitate. This was the form and content of the symbolic transaction or symbolic economy between stripper and voyeur, symbolic because it did not entail any physical intimacy. Rafi’s strategy was to rob the stripper of all vestige of empowerment and agency, which she could have possessed when the spotlight was focused on her performance. Of course, it was funny. To see her uncertain and vulnerable made the show more erotic for Rafi and for us. 
8.
The symbolic or semiotic economy of the striptease show (not quite the same view as Roland Barthes): This transaction while being symbolic still involves a real financial exchange between the producer and consumer of erotic fantasies. This is the internal and invisible dynamics of the political economy of the striptease club. I understood this. I also understood that sense experience involves a subject-object relation, and its truth, in terms of knowledge, is determined by the real import and significance of the relation. So what is the real import and significance of the voyeur-stripper relationship from a subject-object perspective? The striptease performers or exotic dancers are engaged in doing sex work. We all understood this. We were aware of the discourse, the narrative, and the plot. And we had paid for it. And we wanted more bang for our bucks. We wanted value for our money. We were bright, brash and boisterous. And also insensitive. There were other considerations, which did not concern us. However, in retrospect, there were questions, which churned in the back of my anarcho-communist mind. I knew that the performer was working for wages, surplus value was been extracted from her performance by the nightclub owner and her agents. So the question: How could this kind of sex work be liberating and empowering for the striptease performer if in reality she is being exploited and oppressed by the nightclub owners. How can the commodification of the stripper’s selfhood and body not be oppressive and exploitative? How can this kind of commodification be liberating, and how could it invest her with agency? Agency to what end? I asked these questions as an anarcho-communist. Rafi insisted that there was a therapeutic dimension to our fun because it stripped away the false consciousness and self-delusions of the strippers. He said he was doing them a favour.
9.
However, the club owners or managers did not tolerate our behaviours for very long. When I saw trouble coming I usually melted away into the crowds. On this occasion, I found myself standing at the bar when the bouncers arrived at our table to throw Rafi and the lads out of the nightclub. And as McFate would have it I found myself standing next to Cassandra who had just finished her act and was in the process of buying herself a drink. I caught her eye and said: ‘I enjoyed your performance.’ ‘I don’t believe you, you spoilt it for me.’ ‘Let me buy you a drink,’ I said tendering my peace offering. ‘No let me buy you a drink, what are you drinking?’ ‘Amstel Lager.’ ‘Two Amstels and put it on my tab,’ she said. We moved to an open space at the end of the bar and sat down on the stools, resting our elbows on the bar counter. ‘I really hate you guys, I really do, in fact, we all do…’ Before she could finish what she wanted to say there was a loud commotion in the exit foyer. It transpired that the bouncers and the lads had exchanged blows and Daryl Longman had drawn his Magnum 44 revolver out of his canvas knapsack. Wherever he went he always had his knapsack slung over his shoulder with his books, pens, note pads, lunch box and the revolver, even though it was illegal to carry a loaded handgun on campus or into any club. Daryl had been in the Recces when he did his national service and was someone you did not want to mess with. The police were called, but the lads escaped laughing into the night without being caught. A bouncer spotted me sitting with Cassandra and began to threaten me. Cassandra intervened, saving me from being beaten up and thrown out. ‘Leave him, he did nothing, he was not one of the trouble makers.’ 
10.
When I told her that we were Wits students she referred to us as spoilt rich brats who probably had never done an honest day’s work. I immediately appraised her that some of the hooligans were ex-Rhodesians. I also appraised her of the fact that the lads had all had been ‘through the wringer’. It was the army and the bush war, which had transformed them into unfeeling misogynistic louts. They had been caught up as conscripts in the Angolan war and the ‘Rhodesian’ counter-insurgency war. She said that she knew the type. She had had a boyfriend who had served in Koevoet, and who was now an operator in the criminal underworld of drugs, illegal diamonds, racketeering, contract killing and prostitution. He used to beat her up. She added in a confidential tone that he was still doing freelance work for the government. ‘Have you ever heard of the CCB?’ She asked. I answered: ‘You mean the South African Civil Cooperation Bureau.’ ‘Yes, that’s them.’ I was curious: ‘What exactly do they do?’ I asked. ‘They fighting the communist threat against South Africa,’ she answered. ‘You got to be joking,’ I replied. ‘There is no communist threat, the only threat to South Africa is apartheid’ I added. ‘Well I don’t know so much about that, but there is some really heavy stuff going on in the townships and at the universities.’ ‘What kind of stuff,’ I asked. ‘You know communist stuff,’ she replied. ‘But it is such a complicated tangled web of intrigue, murder and double-dealing, you never know what is true and what is false,’ she added with a shudder. ‘What do mean?’ ‘Well this much I know, the CCB operates through front companies, even hotels and strip clubs and brothels, it is all so very mixed up and complicated, politics and crime, my ex referred to it as the dirty war.’ ‘Dirty war, what do mean?’ I pressed. Her answer: ‘Do you know the Quirinale Hotel in Kotze Street Hillbrow?’ I nodded yes. ‘A lot of black prostitutes hang out there now, the place is a brothel. I still do strip gigs there. Anyway, my ex often met up with various CCB connected operatives at the Quirinale Hotel, they were really big-time badass guys, and I heard about stuff, really heavy stuff, about things and goings on…even killings, assassinations…,’ she said, lowering her voice while looking cautiously about, but the bouncers were out of earshot. 
11.
‘I think I have missed my lift, will you give me a lift back to my flat?’ She asked. I said: ‘No problem.’ Dear reader, I know what you thinking. The thought that I could get lucky with this stripper did cross my mind. She had never heard of Steve Biko or Victoria Mxenge or Neil Aggett, and David Webster who was still alive as we retreated from the bad vibes of the Diplomat Hotel into a dark side street where my VW Beetle was still waiting for me. Steve Biko and Neil Aggett were dead. We were living. South Africa was imploding. Her flat was at Dorchester Mansions on the corner of Twist and Goldreich Street. Originally it was a Jewish residential hotel and used to be a popular first stop destination for Jewish immigrants from Central and Eastern Europe. It had recently been bought by two Hungarian brothers who transformed the ground-level kitchen and dining room into the bar and an adult and striptease club. She said that after matriculating she started her career as an exotic dancer at the Dorchester Bar. This was where she met her Koevoet ex. As she explained, her flat was conveniently situated. She did striptease gigs at the Summit Club, Quirinale Hotel in the west end of Kotze Street, Ambassador Hotel at the east end of Pretoria Street diagonally across the road from the Summit Club and the Royal Park Hotel on the corner of Nugget and Leyds Street, and the Diplomat Hotel in Klein Street, and the Jolly Rogers. She also said that the Dorchester Bar with its continuous porn videos on the big screen in the pub had made it a popular drinking hole, especially for freelance operatives who did work for the CCB. It was 1985, I was 20 years old and in my third year and final undergraduate year. I asked her when she had matriculated. She had matriculated in 1983, so this made her 19 or 20. My mom arrived in Jo’burg at the age of 19 as a runaway. Cassandra came from Brakpan. She grew up in the suburb of Brenthurst, which she said was near Schapenrust Station. I asked if her real name was Cassandra. No, it was not, her agent had given her that name as her ‘business name’. Does she know what the name means and where it comes from? Her answer: ‘No.’ But she liked being Cassandra. Anyway, Cassandra went to an Afrikaans primary school called Laerskool Brakpan-Oos and the Afrikaans high school called Hoërskool Stoffberg. She came from a dysfunctional family. Her father was an alcoholic, she was raped when she was thirteen and had an abortion when she was sixteen. She also said that the lads were very childish and the way they behaved was very upsetting to her. I was interested in apartheid’s undercover free-lance operatives who were involved in the dirty war. I wanted to know more about them, what kind of people they were, and what motivated them. She confirmed that the communist threat motivated them. They hated communism more than anything else in the universe. Communism was evil and had to be defeated at all costs. The communists were brainwashing the blacks, turning them against the whites. What kind of people were these anti-communists? It turned out that they loved watching pornography, they sniffed cocaine and they smoked heroin off a piece of tin foil with a straw. She called it chasing the dragon. Did she do cocaine or heroin? No never! Through her ex did, especially at the alcohol and drug-fuelled social gatherings to which she had been invited with her ex. It was at these social gatherings that she had met ex-Recces, ex-Koevoet, ex-SADF, ex-Rhodesian soldiers, ex-Selous Scouts, ex-Special Forces, ex-policemen, ex-detectives, and professional criminals who had been hired to fight the secret dirty war on behalf of the apartheid state against the communists. Many of these undercover freelance apartheid operatives that she had met were addicted to alcohol, pornography, prostitutes, cocaine and heroin. They were the apartheid soldiers fighting the dirty war against the communists. They were also involved in the apartheid underworld, living off the proceeds of prostitution, drug trafficking, illegal gold and diamond dealing, protection rackets, money laundering, weapon trafficking and contract murder. Sitting in the car in the dark, parked outside Dorchester Mansions her anger began to seethe. ‘I hate men, I don’t trust any man, not ever you. How do I know that you are not just like them?’ My defence: ‘I am a communist.’ ‘If you are a communist then why do hang out with such childish arseholes. If you are a communist why do you watch strippers?’ ‘I think I am more of a communist than you are. You are such a hypocrite,’ she said. I knew that I had lost the debate. I was privileged. I was just like those rich Jews at Wits who came from wealthy families and lived in lavish palatial homes in Houghton and the northern suburbs and who called themselves Marxists and socialists. She began to cry. I was shattered. I sat in silence while she sobbed. I found myself saying: ‘I am sorry, I am sorry.’ Her answer: ‘Sorry for what? Sorry for me?’ A pause. ‘I don’t want you to feel sorry for me, I don’t want your sympathy.’ I decided to keep quiet. I suddenly felt wretched. I began to pray silently, subvocalizing the words: ‘Lord God she is right, I am not a good person. I am a fraud. I am living a lie.’ She took a tissue from her tog bag in which kept all her striptease gear and striptease paraphernalia. She blew her nose and wiped the tears from her eyes. ‘Do you want to come up for some coffee?’ In response to her invitation, I felt my erection grow. I could not control my thoughts. At the climax of her striptease routine, she was completely naked and she inserted a dildo up her vagina and now I was imagining inserting my cock into her vagina and fucking her perfect body. In her flat, while the kettle was boiling she said: ‘Hold me.’ I put my arms around her and hugged her tightly. I kissed her tear-stained cheeks. After coffee, she smiled wanly and looking completely worn out she said: ‘I think you better go.’ The year was 1985. Free Nelson Mandela! Freedom!
12.
Back to 1990, five years after having coffee in Cassandra’s flat, and now in the present, and having just taken leave of Scarlett I found myself standing in the cool night air once more on the pavement outside the entrance of The Summit Club on the corner of Pretoria and Claim Streets in Hillbrow. To orientate yourself once more with regard to a sentimental geography of the ‘olden days’: Just look left down the block to the east. At the T-junction you will see the familiar white façade of the Chelsea Hotel, still gaily lit up with neon lights. Diagonally across the road to the right, if you look upwards you would see the Southern Cross hovering above the Hillbrow Highpoint skyscraper, which was built in 1972, and still gazing upwards from pavement level while standing outside The Summit Club, you will see its 28 storeys reaching up into the silent infinite mysteries of the star bejewelled night sky. Highpoint is a tower consisting mostly of residential apartments built conveniently above a large shopping centre and cinema complex, and a multilevel parking basement for visitors and residents. The Southern Cross fixes the line running due south, but ‘due south’ as a compass bearing means absolutely nothing tonight. Standing on the pavement outside the Summit Club the entire earthly heterochronotopia dissolves into nothingness, lost within the infinite immensity of space and time. What does this imaginarydocumentaryjournalistictraveloguegeographicalheterochronotopiancartographicalmappingnostalgicdystopicconurbanscape styled narrative mean? It means nothing. While rewriting this narrative, and rereading it, and correcting and editing sections here and there, I am experiencing at last as if waking up from a dream the fading afterlife of selective social memories and communal forgetting. I am trying to dredge up the detritus of the past from all possible sources, fishing for any kind of informational debris that still washes up now and again in the form of oral histories, Facebooks groups, photographs and memoirs of Jo’burg posted on the internet. I find myself wondering about everything that is stuck irretrievably in the past. I am wondering through a dreamscape. Trying to find my way back into the past. It seems that I can only wonder. The past has become an object of wonder. Was I ever there? By fitting together all these disparate pieces of information into some kind of cartographical collage of streets, places and spaces I am trying to resuscitate the feelings and sense of the past. How can we re-experience the past? Can we only re-experience the past as a surreal dreamscape? What can a surreal dreamscape reveal about the past? By the time you have finished reading this story to the end, I may no longer be alive. Opening lines of the movie called ‘Savage’. I will remind you later about this.
 13.
By 1990 everything which had made Hillbrow one of the most popular nightspots in Jo’burg no longer existed or was on the brink of shutting down. I am aware of all the changes and transformations which have seemingly made Hillbrow a different place almost overnight, in a twinkling of the eye. A torrent of memories from the 1980s raged through my mind as the fog of alcohol continued to dissipate. The world was teetering like a drunk over the brink of no return into a new era, a false dawn was rising. Visiting venues like The Summit Club with a group of fellow male students would have been socially permissible in the 1980s. This is what guys do when they want to have fun on a night out on the town. But what about now? To seek out some joint now like this one, alone on one’s own would definitely invite moral judgement from someone like Millicent. And Millicent had been earlier innocently browsing books in Exclusive Books across the road from the parallel universe of The Summit Club. She could not have even imagined that such a place existed in Hillbrow. By participating in those undergraduate student forays into striptease joints, I had been guilty of duplicity. And Cassandra had perceived this. I had betrayed my anarcho-communist principles. I had compromised myself politically. I admit this. This particular night was the only other time in my life since 1985 that I had once more visited a striptease club. It was not due to a moral lapse. Speaking about moral lapses and the secret nature of sin, maybe science will provide the key, which will unlock the door to the inner workings of hidden objects such as the mesolimbic dopaminergic system which belongs to that unseen world within our brains, nervous system and bodies. As I have said, a lot of stuff is going on, metaphorically speaking, behind our backs, or inside our brains without us being aware of it. I am not talking about what Freud thought, I’m thinking about the kind of biochemical neurobiological phenomenon going on behind our self-conscious awareness. This is not the kind of stuff we usually associate with the Freudian mythology of how the mind works with respect to things like the Id, ego, and super-ego, what am I talking about is something much more real, physical, material, and accessible to scientific scrutiny and interrogation, it involves molecules and macromolecules and motions and membranes and receptors and cells. It involves the chemo-electro-mechanical basis of what makes us feel what we feel, and do what we do, and desire that we desire. Do we have free will? Are we the captains of our souls? What makes sin possible? Sin is a theological and metaphysical idea. As strange and as difficult as this may sound, sin as such is an ‘emergent condition or state’ only within a theological or metaphysical framework. Within the context or framework of evolutionary biology, the idea of sin as a state or condition does not make any rational sense. But then again, who is to say, that in the context of the infinite totality of reality that something like sin does not or cannot exist? It is safe to assume that within the realms of infinite possibilities that something like sin does indeed exist. And in this same realm of infinite possibilities a final judgment exist could also exist. What do the scriptures say? From Exodus 3, 6 – 8 we read: ‘…Then He said, “I am the God of your father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.” At this, Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look at God. The LORD said, “I have indeed seen the affliction of My people in Egypt. I have heard them crying out because of their oppressors, and I am aware of their sufferings. I have come down to rescue them from the hand of the Egyptians and to bring them up out of that land to a good and spacious land, a land flowing with milk and honey—the home of the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites…’ From Psalm 34, 15 - 22, we read: ‘The eyes of the LORD are on the righteous, and His ears are inclined to their cry. But the face of the LORD is against those who do evil, to wipe out all memory of them from the earth. The righteous cry out, and the LORD hears; He delivers them from all their troubles. The LORD is near to the broken hearted; He saves the contrite in spirit. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the LORD delivers him from them all. He protects all his bones; not one of them will be broken. Evil will slay the wicked, and the haters of the righteous will be condemned. The LORD redeems His servants, and none who take refuge in Him will be condemned.’ 
15.
In this connection, with regard to the chemo-electro-mechanical basis of ‘what it is’ that makes us feel what we feel, do what we do, and desire what we desire, then the question of morality and sin becomes problematic. It is interesting to explore the idea of sin from a reductionist perspective. The idea of sin would be meaningless if there was no such thing as free will. The idea of free will invokes the idea of self-control. And it seems that we can exert self-control, which also means we are free to exercise the thing called the ‘will’. We are also able to sanction the exercise of free will, especially when exercised by others. The meaning of the word ‘sanction’ can be confusing. The way it is used in different contexts suggests that the same word expresses opposite meanings: to sanction can be to approve something or authorize something or give permission for something or consent to something, but it can also mean to punish or to withhold permission or consent or authorization. As strange as it may sound, to have the power or right to punish represents the only way that freedom and equality can be secured and preserved. To sanction anything involves the freedom and power to exert control or express one’s will. To exert control, especially self-control, or to express one’s will or assert one’s will or to have willpower, involves the operations of the mesolimbic dopaminergic system. We can readily formulate a compelling reductionist or naturalist or even a materialist argument that it’s the two-fold nature of sanctioning, or the delegating thereof, which has played a prominent role in the unfolding drama of our demise on this planet. Our fate as humans, as bipedal, speaking, thinking, reading and writing urbanized apes, belonging to the phylogenetic clade known collectively as the hominins, ultimately hinges on the adaptive or maladaptive functioning of the mesolimbic dopaminergic system in our inexorably shrinking brains and declining cognitive powers. We can argue that sin is real, and that sin has indeed played a role in our undoing as humans. We have sinned because we have failed to control our lives, or because we have lost the power to exert control over our lives. We have become increasingly passive and powerless, and we no longer have any meaningful agency. We don’t know how we are evolving and adapting in response to the current constellation of selective pressures which are moulding our genomes. What is happening to us humans is happening behind our backs. We are not in control of our own evolutionary destiny. What will happen, will happen. We are no different to any animal in the animal kingdom. We have sanctioned our own downfall and eventual extinction. We have been complicit in paving the way to our own extinction because as individuals we have allowed ourselves to be robbed of our power to sanction. This is our sin. We did not stand up for liberty, freedom, equality and justice. We have failed to live righteous lives. We allowed others to think for us, to represent us and to act on our behalf. We gave up our power, sovereignty and autonomy as individuals. We have allowed ourselves to be confined in space, time and place. We have not exercised our free will. This is our sin. At the evolutionary biology level, metaphorically speaking, we are evolving into flightless birds like the dodo. This is our punishment, our judgement and our consignment to hell. With every passing day, we are becoming less human. We are reversing 300 000 years of evolution. We were becoming more and more stupid with each passing day.
16.
Apart from the four great apes (gorillas, chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans) we are the only other remaining hominids on our planet. Hominins represent the group or evolutionary clade of bipedal apes belonging to the following four genera Homo, Australopithecus, Paranthropus and Ardipithecus. From an evolutionary perspective, the four genera form a monophyletic group, meaning that they have all descended from a common ancestor. Species radiation within the hominin clade gave rise to the four genera which contain the following hominin species: Homo erectus, Homo habilis, Homo heidelbergensis, Homo antecessor, Homo rudolfensis, Homo floresiensis, Homo eragaster, Homo naledia, Homo neanderthalensis, Homo sapiens, Australopithecus sediba, Australopithecus africanus, Australopithecus bahrelghazali, Australopithecus afarensis, Australopithecus anamensis, Australopithecus garhi, Paranthropus boisei, Paranthropus robustus,  Paranthropus walker, Ardipithecus kadabba, Ardipithecus ramidus. Our recent phylogenetic hominin relatives the Neanderthal (Homo neanderthalensis) and Denisovans went extinct about 30 000 years ago. So it is just us remaining. All the other hominin species have gone extinct. There is no reason why we as a species will not also in due course go extinct. This book which you are reading together with everything else which has ever been written by humans will also vanish from the universe forever. Not one word will survive. Our extinction will be a natural event. Proving that we are ultimately part of nature. We never left nature. As a species, we never became domesticated or self-domesticated. We have remained an integral component of the continuum of nature. Hegel and Marx have been falsified. Falsified by evolutionary biology. The human brain shrinking, IQs are falling, our cognitive powers are declining, we are becoming increasingly stupid as a species. These are the milestones along the road on our journey to our inevitable extinction. There is no escape. We cannot save ourselves. We are unable to be our own saviours. There is indeed a zombie dimension to our existence as a species.
17.
The malfunctioning of the mesolimbic dopaminergic (ML-DA) system results in pathological or self-destructive forms of behaviours. In addition, the operation of the mesolimbic dopaminergic system contributes to the maintenance of the kinds of social behaviours and kinds of individual self-control which are conducive to the maintenance and preservation of egalitarian forms of sociality. The transition from egalitarian forms of sociality to unequal hierarchical forms of sociality involves a process of social degeneration. A process that arises spontaneously in the absence of effective and lethal deterrence, retribution, punishment, prohibition or prevention of the anti-social behaviours and actions of psychopathic individuals. In the absence of ‘self-culling’ where ‘self-culling’ entails the physical removal of individuals, individuals will attempt to bully or dominate or conspire to create hierarchies of social domination or engage in machinations aimed at imposing themselves as leaders over others. In the absence of lethal deterrence, retribution, punishment or prevention, individuals will attempt to become gang leaders, headmen, chiefs, kings, prime ministers and presidents. Without lethal or deadly or invincible preventative measures, the emergence of such individuals, individuals are driven by their unfettered grandiloquent passions and ambitions for power and control and self-enrichment, will become an exorable inevitability. The motivations or predispositions which drive the need for Homeric self-assertion over others, embodied in the desire to be the boss or the leader, or the desire which entails having absolute power and control over others, all of this represents a psychopathic behavioural phenomenon. Such psychopathic behavioural motivations arise as a consequence of maladapted or dysfunctional ML-DA systems, a condition underlying narcissism, absence of empathy and conscience. Such an individual is a monster and needs to be culled or destroyed like a rabid dog. They represent the state-makers, the dystopian creators, who play a fundamental role in the self-perpetuation of oligarchies and hierarchies of social domination. The Iron Law of the Oligarchy is reducible to the neurobiology of individual actors. The only curative prevention of the emergence and self-perpetuation or self-reproduction of the oligarchy involves the complete removal or eradication of all the conditions under which it is able to emergence, flourish and persist. This means that all the processes underlying state-making need to be inhibited or eradicated or circumvented or simply blocked by removing or obliterating or annihilating all state-making agencies. For 300 000 years, hominins have managed to reverse the formation of social hierarchies by removing the responsible agencies, and homicide has been a means towards this end. From Ecclesiastes we read: ‘A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up; A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance; ... A time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak; A time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.’ The time of killing and war and tearing apart and breaking down becomes obligatory for the sake of the human project only when the nascent or incipient emerging of state-making agencies rises its viperous and malignant and medusoid heads in our midst.
18
Hierarchies of social domination arise spontaneously when we are unable to assert our powers to punish or deter or prevent or eliminate the dominating behaviours of usurping individuals. State-making with its attendant imposition of hierarchies of social domination occurs under conditions where ineluctably end up surrendering our sovereignty, freedom and autonomy as individuals. In doing so we end up passively consenting fully or passively reconciling ourselves to our dystopian fate. In doing so we will end up marching in robotic lockstep over the precipice of our species extinction into the abyss of nothingness. So we have been complicit in our undoing. This is our moral degeneration. This is our sin. We have bowed to the blind forces of circumstances. This is our sin. We have allowed our destiny to be determined by narcissistic psychopaths. We have fallen under their charm, we have been seduced by their lies. We have worshiped them as if they were gods. We have bowed down to these Homeric Colossals, in the form of the Big Man, the Great Hero, the Don, the Struggle Icon, the Boss, the Chief, the King, the Leader, the Prime Minister and the President. This is the essence of our sin. We have placed a ‘man’ above G-d. In doing this we have proven to be totally irrational and cowardly and irresponsible and immoral. This is our sin. Our sin is that we have forsaken Reason. This is the same as forsaking G-d. This is our sin. A sin against the human project, the evolutionary miracle of the hominins. Our journey on this earth will not be mapped according to Hegel’s tortuous narrative in The Phenomenology of Spirit. Our logical progress, or rather our logical regression, as a species, will not follow the unfolding development of Hegel’s tortuous narrative in the Science of Logic. Instead, blind to Reason, and without any protest, we will embark passively, even willingly, on the journey to our doom, like sheep to the slaughter. In the end, we will vanish without a trace. 
19.
In addition to the role that the mesolimbic dopaminergic (ML-DA) system plays in the evolution of hierarchicalized forms of sociality, the workings or underlying dynamics of the mesolimbic dopaminergic system also accounts for a plethora of interrelated and interacting emotional states and conditions and disorders and pathologies (both psychological and social) such as: addictions, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), depression, behavioural compulsions, arousal, motivation, impulsivity, stress, appetite, aversion, seeking, anticipation, wanting, desiring, expectation, cravings, needing,  and other kinds of emotional or psychological predispositions, all of which are related to various goal or reward-seeking or intentional directed states, actions or activities, all of which in turn may also play a fundamental role in the determination of various personality traits, and emotional states or affective feelings, and psycho-behavioural tendencies, especially in individuals in the role or occupations of criminal bosses, bandits, drug lords, politicians, leaders, heroes, elites, rulers, chief, kings, presidents, CEOs, despots, tyrants and bullies. All of these high-status individuals, by virtue of their being strongly motivated with regard to seeking positions of social dominance and power, have a greater likelihood of being motivated or driven by psychopathic tendencies. These psychopathic tendencies arise as emerging properties of the malfunctioning or maladaptations or dysfunctioning of the ML-DA system of an individual who when driven by these tendencies or predispositions manages to prevail of all over contestants, and rises up as the ruling supremo of a gang or political party or ultimately of the oligarchical state. Hitler and Stalin are paradigmatic examples. As you may have guessed, the mesolimbic dopaminergic system also plays a central role in the development of drug and alcohol addiction, both afflictions are rooted in the acquisition of compulsive reward-seeking predispositions. The ML-DA system consists of an interconnecting network of neuron circuitry between the following neurological elements that contribute to the functioning of the limbic system: amygdala, hippocampus, ventral tegmental area (VTA), medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC), ventral pallidum, nucleus accumbens and mediodorsal thalamus. To sum up: The limbic system is implicated in processes related to learning, expression of emotions, and also to the motivation of behaviours that either increase or decrease sociality. Current neuroscience has established that the expression of various emotions or psychological states underlies various kinds of higher-order cognitive behaviours. Cognitive behaviours are involved in the planned or intended commission of pro-social actions in response to mental states or thoughts, which have been influenced by emotions such as empathy and conscience. In the absence of empathy or conscience, cognitive behaviours, which involve some form of planning, are driven by narcissistic self-centred intentions to gain rewards or prestige or power through the commission of antisocial actions. All cognitive behaviours arising within a social context involve decision-making based on planning with regard to the realization of specific social objectives. These objectives may be the realization of pro-social or anti-social arrangements within groups of individuals living together. Pro-social motivated behaviours contribute to the re-enforcement or maintenance of egalitarian social arrangements, which are also intended to be beneficial and advantageous towards the survival of humans living together within the group or community. Antisocial motivated behaviours contribute to the undermining of egalitarian forms of sociality by promoting the formation of hierarchies of social domination within groups of individuals who happen to be living together for various reasons within the confines of time, place and space. The latter social situation could be described as a carceral social arrangement. From a reductionist perspective the two alternative forms of sociality, the egalitarian social arrangement versus the carceral or oligarchical social arrangement, are contrasting emergent properties of the limbic systems of individuals. 
20.
What are the circumstances and conditions favouring the free-reign of any individual who happened to be ‘demonically possessed’ by a maladapted or dysfunctional ML-DA system, thereby fulfilling the role of an agent in the creation of situations or states of affairs which trigger the kinds of social transitions that eventually result in the formation of the state with the attendant inequalities and social hierarchies that follow in its wake, setting humankind on the road to extinction? During my honours year I happened to eavesdrop on a Bible study taking place in the honours reading room. The Bible study was being led by a Jew who believed that Yeshua was the messiah of the Jews. My attitude towards the various religions was one of live and let live. He said that all the books of the New Testament were Hebrew documents written by Jews initially for a Jewish readership. The reading was from Ephesians 6:12 – ‘For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.’ I was an anarchist (I still am) and I discovered that this particular reading resonated significantly with an anarchist’s understanding of the nature of the oligarchy and its political rulers. The words ‘spiritual forces’ had a Hegelian resonance. And the words ‘heavenly realms’ could be treated as a metaphor that resonated with the idea of a dystopian kingdom in the form of the oligarchical state. In the first century world the heavenly kingdoms of gods, daemons, spirits, celestial beings and angels interpenetrated and merged with earthly kingdoms, spiritually the two kingdoms were inseparable, they were one and the same. ‘The spiritual forces of evil’ with its authorities and rulers could also be mapped mythologically, metaphorically and poetically with the dark inner world of the limbic realm and its externalized embodiment or materialization within the realm of the dystopian oligarchy. In fact, the reading of this verse in Ephesians had a very contemporary ‘this-worldly’ ring. Remember the double meaning of the word ‘sanction’? To be on the side of the ‘spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms’ is to sanction or authorize the work of evil in all of its embodiments or materializations, especially in the form of the narcissistic psychopathic ruler who is devoid of any feelings of empathy and who controls the oligarchic state. Historically he could be Nero, Caligula, Hitler, Stalin or Pol Pot. Evil can only exist in terms of its embodiments or materializations otherwise it remains an abstraction, empty of all significance or applicability, something which can only be imagined in the realm of fiction, but cannot touch us in reality. If it cannot touch us in reality then the verse from Ephesians is meaningless, empty of all content, having no revelatory significance for the Christian or Jew or anyone else for that matter.
21.
Back to that night in February 1990: With my thoughts now once more recalling with some clarity and vividness that night with Cassandra while parked in Twist Street outside Dorchester Mansion I made my way from Claim Street via Van der Merwe Street to Twist Street. The Dorchester Club which used to be on the street level floor was now gone and the building looks neglected. Who was Cassandra? What had happened to her? She was an Afrikaans girl from Brakpan who spoke perfect unaccented English. In Homer’s ‘Iliad’ Cassandra was the most beautiful of all the daughters of Priam the last king of Troy. In Greek mythology, she had been cast in the role of a prophetess. In Aeschylus’s tragedy concerning the murder of Agamemnon Apollo promised Cassandra the gift of prophecy or the gift of foretelling the future if she submitted herself to his desires. However, on receiving the gift she reneged on the sexual favours she had promised him. Apollo could not revoke the power of the gift that he had given her. In his anger, he placed a curse on Cassandra. The curse was that no one would ever believe her prophecies. She predicted the fall of Troy and the murder of Agamemnon. Her predictions went unheeded. During the sacking of Troy Ajax, a minor god rapes Cassandra on the altar of Athena. I think this version or slight alteration in the myth makes the rape of Cassandra more symbolic. I continued downhill along Twist Street. It was 11.00 pm when I reached Clarendon Circle or Clarendon Place where Twist Street joins the circus or the circular roundabout with Clarendon Place and Empire Road. Empire Road takes one to the University of the Witwatersrand in Braamfontein, and sliding left Clarendon Place takes one southwards up and over the ridge, and at the summit, Clarendon Place splits into a fork, the right becomes Clarendon Street and the left becomes Klein Street. Klein Street intersects with Pretoria and Kotze Street. I followed Klein Street walking down the hill until I reached Wolmarans Street. I continued walking westward along Wolmarans Street until I reached the intersection with Harrison Street. I turned left into Harrison Street and headed south toward the inner-city walking over the Harrison Street Bridge across the railway lines. While crossing the bridge there was not a car or person in sight. 
22.
Eventually, I reach Monis Mansions on the corner of Harrison and Jeppe Streets. It is just past 12.00. On the 7th floor Carol and some other tenants are having a chat in Shona. I assume that the other tenant is also a hooker from Zimbabwe. They are standing in front of my flat door. The night feels endless. ‘Where have you been?’ Carol asks. ‘Everywhere?’ I answer. I add: ‘I spent some time with Scarlett at The Summit Club’. ‘O la la.’ Carol answers, don’t you want to also spend some time with me too, baby.’ ‘It was not what you think,’ I answer. ‘O la la, baby, don’t lie to me precious.’ She puts her arm around my waist and I wind my arm around her waist. We hold each other tight. She turns her lips to me, we embrace, and we kiss deeply, our tongues entwined for what seems like an eternity. I pull away. ‘Carol you are as high as a kite!’ ‘Baby, baby, I simply love you so much,’ she coos. I tell her: ‘Carol in a world free of drugs I would want to hold you forever in my arms, allowing our lives to merge in perfect unity and harmony.’ She turns to her friend: ‘What did I tell you, the man loves me with his all heart.’ ‘Carol, Carol, what is happening now is not reality,’ I said urgently. Dear reader don’t get me wrong, I could imagine a life with Carol as my life partner. She was clever, she was beautiful. She was Shona, she was Zimbabwean, but she was gone, too far gone down the road of self-destruction.
23
My thoughts about what I had experienced during my stay at Monis Mansions have become with the passage of time like the memories of another person. It was a part of my life that has remained a secret until now. 



Chapter Ten

1.
I fell into a deep sleep the moment I laid my head on the pillow, oblivious to the police car sirens piercing the night. I found myself being drawn into a succession of surrealistic scenes in which I became serially engaged in voluptuous full penetrative sex with very willing and enthusiastic and accommodating partners in the form of Sorina, Carol, Scarlett, Cassandra and Millicent. In my dream, Cassandra prophesied that I would marry Millicent. Cassandra also reminded me that my friendship with Rafi and the gun-slinging Daryl made me complicit in the prosecution of the CCB’s dirty war against the communists who were brainwashing the blacks, filling their heads with dangerous and subversive political ideas like one man one vote. In my dream, Rafi and Daryl had been working as undercover agents for the CCB. They were spying on Wits students. They were using me to get information on the communists. The CCB knew everything about me including that I had killed someone and had buried the body in the backyard of my home in Witfield. And in my dream, I was sucked once more into a terrifying replaying of a version or variation of a theme of a recurring dream scene that implicated me in a mysterious crime. The rain was washing away the soil, exposing the arms and skeletons of murdered persons, and in the pouring rain I was on my knees desperately trying to cover up the exposed arms and bones, but the rain keep on washing away the soil, and more skeletons and dead bodies began to be uncovered and they were washing out into the street, and the nightmare horror of been exposed as having some kind of undefined criminal culpability and guilt regarding the unexplainable existence of the skeletons and dead bodies tortured me with an overwhelming tidal wave of anxiety while in my dream state. Usually, I would wake up in a state of cold shock following the periodic return of this particular nightmare. I could not find a reason which would explain the occurrence or existence of this dream. I had even entertained the idea that maybe I had lived a previous life and in my re-incarnation residues of the memories of that other life had been carried over into my current life and the ghastly dream was some kind of recollection. Maybe I was in Hades waiting for my final judgment.
2.
Rafi and Daryl were too ‘moral’ and too full of their own sense of ‘integrity’ to spy on a friend, and anyway they did not believe that the whites had a future in Africa, they had already experienced the futility of the counter-insurgency wars. They did not care for whites or blacks. They had made peace with the transience of their white existence in space and time. They had killed and they had experienced the imminent possibility of their own sudden extinction in the heat of battle. Rafi said that one learns in war to accept the real and immediate possibility that one may be killed at any moment, and you would never be the wiser that you had been killed. You would not even know that you were dead. Rafi said that he had looked at scores of freshly dead black bodies in the Rhodesian war and confessed that he often wondered if they knew that they were dead and that their deaths would turn out to be completely futile. Rafi and all his comrades in arms were cynics. They were especially cynical when it came to politics and politicians and they were especially cynical when it came to Africa in general. Daryl believed in America, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. But the US remained his first choice. He needed to get the shit out of Africa as soon as possible. He had had enough of Africa. It was the last place on earth where he wanted to live. He did not ask to be born into this continent. In his own words: ‘It was never my choice to be here.’ ‘The whole continent has been fucked up.’ He added while looking earnestly at me, his face grim, his eyes filled with pathos, it seemed that he had just experienced an epiphany. He confessed that the whites had no business in ever coming to Africa. Africa should have been left as it always was, an unspoilt paradise, a place of harmony between man and nature, making it a place of profound beauty, a Garden of Eden, in which humanity could live in the primordial state of perfection outside of the vicissitudes human history. At the time Daryl was drunk and depressed.
3.
For days afterwards, I ruminated on Cassandra’s disclosures about the dirty war, which had been fought during the 1980s under the auspices of the P.W. Botha’s Military and Industrial Complex and through secret government-funded vehicles such as the CCB. Botha’s Total Onslaught narrative was basically racist in its obsession with communism and in its interpretation of the communist threat. Fighting the perceived communist threat formed the core of the Total Onslaught strategy. The perception of a communist threat was based on the myth that communists were brainwashing blacks to hate whites. To the mind of the Afrikaner Christian Nationalist, communism presented a metaphysical challenge in the struggle over the ultimate meaning and purpose of human life. Communism was feared because it also embodied a moral challenge to the values and beliefs on which apartheid was based as an ideology. Communism was an adversary that could bring about the moral defeat of apartheid. With respect to morals, communism held the higher ground in the war against apartheid. The apartheid warriors of the dirty war in defence of apartheid knew that they could not win the war on moral grounds. They could only defeat communism by forsaking all moral values. The Nationalists had no moral scruples when it came to prosecuting the dirty war. They denied that the communists held the moral advantage. They could not get their head around the possibility that morally speaking communism was more attractive to blacks than apartheid. It was not only the metaphysical challenge that the Nationalists feared, it was the moral challenge of realizing paradise on earth in which race and ethnicity would be erased which terrified the Nationalists. The Achilles heel of the Nationalist politicians and the military establishment and the state security establishment was that they could not imagine or believe or comprehend that blacks could be self-driven and self-motivated and self-organized to fight a successful revolutionary People’s War, on their own accord and initiative (to reiterate) for their own liberation against apartheid. This was the depth of the Nationalist’s racist-based self-deceptions and illusions. They believed that the blacks could not think for themselves. They believed that the blacks did not know what was best for them. They could not see or believe that it was a self-initiated uprising. It was like the countless other African slave uprisings on the slave ships and the slave plantations. In the end, the Total Onslaught campaign was based on racist myths and geopolitical illusions. Misconceptions, falsehoods and delusions regarding the nature and dynamics of political situation shaped the underlying doctrines on which the Total Onslaught campaign was based. In reality, the campaign was planned and orchestrated to defeat a non-existent external communist threat in order to preserve white rule. The plan was conceptualized and drawn up and executed under the command of leading representatives from the political and military and security and intelligence and business establishment. It was mind-boggling that such a collective of white men could be so out of touch with reality and would eventually end up getting things completely wrong. As I have already outlined the racist illusion was based on a complete misreading and miscomprehension of the initiative, motivation, strength, power and capacity embodied in the revolutionary agency of ordinary black South Africans within the townships and in the workspace. They themselves with their bare hands pulled down the pillars of apartheid, not the communists, or the politicians in exile. It was the people themselves, it was their revolution. The exiled politicians flew in by plane into South Africa only after the revolutionary collapse of South Africa had been accomplished by the people acting on their initiative, operating independently, and internally within the borders of South Africa. 
4.
The similarities between the collapse of socialism and apartheid at the end of the 1980s with regard to the role played by the spontaneous uprising of the masses against the political establishment cannot be disaffirmed. Nor could it have been predicted. There were no Cassandras prophesying the sudden end of socialism or apartheid like the fall of Troy. Cassandra never told a lie in her life about the future. It was only the devil who was the father of all lies. Twentieth-century socialism and apartheid were based on lies and illusions and falsehoods. Verwoerd was not a magician or illusionist but he was the father of one of the 20th century’s most remarkable illusions ever conceived. An illusion based on the most breath-taking denials of the realities regarding the South African situation. Whites denied the fact blacks had rejected apartheid. The whites had closed their ears and shut their eyes. They refused to hear or see anything, which was contrary to their beliefs or illusions regarding the Nationalist Government’s apartheid policies. And the rhetorics of that illusion became embodied in the political rhetorics of apartheid. If anything, Verwoerd was the father of all illusions. And the whites in South Africa laboured under that illusion until the end of the 1980s. The illusion has evaporated. And other illusions will also evaporate. Read on. Nostalgia and dystopia feed on illusions. Illusions make both nostalgia and dystopia possible. Both apartheid and 20th Century socialism depended on denial and the belief in illusions. The prophet pierces through the veil of illusion. But who has ever believed a prophet? Certainly not the citizens of Troy. Denial and illusion vaccinate the brain against the prophecies of the Cassandras of the world. 
5.
Cassandra the young 19-year-old Afrikaner striptease artist from Brakpan, who had inadvertently been drawn into the free-talking social circle of the lowlifes who were apartheid’s secret foot-soldiers fighting apartheid’s secret dirty war under the auspices of the Total Onslaught counter communism strategy, was herself a co-lateral casualty of the inevitable implosion of the Afrikaner Nationalist political project. It does not take much savvy to comprehend that the agency of a sex-worker or exotic dancer is in reality very limited. What agency did Cassandra have? In reality, she was like all other white South Africans. She too was passive, compliant and complicit. Yet she had been privy to the darkest of secrets that sustained the power of the apartheid regime. Was she a passive accomplice? Was she a perpetrator? The fruitless war to salvage the white racist Nationalist political project was essentially a dystopian exercise. From the very beginning, from 1910 with the declaration of Union and with the Nationalist Party electoral victory in 1948 and the declaration of the Republic in 1961 it has been one long immoral and evil and criminal exercise in violence and deceit and folly and idiocy and betrayal. A crime against humanity had been committed, even by a striptease artist.
6.
In the days which followed the dream I had of Sorina, Carol, Scarlett, Cassandra and Millicent, my obsession with the woman called Millicent Rosen did not abate. I frantically searched through boxes for old Damelin College school magazines. I searched for references on the life of Millicent. They could only be found in old school magazines. My researching of the person called Millicent Rosen involved studying all the photographic plates in which she appeared. I studied her image captured in the photographic plates in the school magazines under a magnifying glass. I read and re-read all the reports and essays and poems that she had composed for the school magazines. I soon realized that she was Jewish. I immediately wanted become a Jew. I was vaguely religious. I believed in G-d. Believing in G-d, especially the G-d of the Jews was not a problem for me. I decided that Judaism was the religion to which I wanted to devote my life and loyalty. But it all hinged on Millicent Rosen. It was my unconscious bargain with the Lord. Do I believe in the existence and the effects of the unconsciousness? I am a scientist and the natural sciences are my field of expertise. I believe in causal mechanisms. But I have no idea what actually caused me to fall in love with Millicent. Did I read too much into that seemingly all-knowing smile that played on her lips in Exclusive Bookshop on the night of my foray into the darkness of this world?
7.
The first meeting of the year for the Wits Film Society was scheduled for 7.00 pm on Wednesday the 14th of February 1990. It was purely coincidental that the day of the first meeting fell on St Valentine’s Day. Sunset was scheduled to take place at precisely 18.52. At 18.30 I locked my office and lab and made my way from Gatehouse past Wartenweiler Library across the library Lawns to the venue for which a lecture theatre in John Moffat Building had been booked. The John Moffat Building was built for the Departments of Architecture, Town and Regional Planning, Quantity Surveying, and Fine Arts in 1957. It was located between the William Cullen Library and the Old Mutual Sports Hall. Some Egyptian Geese and Hadedas were still foraging before last light on the lawns. The main front entrance of the building was located on the eastern façade. In front of the eastern façade was a large rectangular fish pond filled with lilies, carp and koi. The pond took up most of the space of the tree-lined paved quad.  Millicent was standing at the edge of the pond gazing at the fish. She turned and saw me approaching. I asked if she was going to the Film Society meeting and she answered yes. We chatted outside until it was time to go in. We sat down next to each other in the lecture theatre. The topic of the lecture before the film was on the cinematic writings of Edgar Morin based on his book, Le cinema ou /'bomme imaginaire. Essai d'tmtbropologie or in English: ‘The Cinema, or The Imaginary of Man’. Morin dealt with the issues involving the complexities of life and the world in which we find ourselves. And the way we deal morally or authentically with the complexities of life and the world involves observing various kinds of imperatives such as not participating in lies or believing in falsehoods. And this can only be achieved by refusing to succumb to Manichean thinking, especially in politics. We can only live morally and authentically by refusing to fall back on absolutisms as a way of escaping contradictions and complexity, and we do this by refusing to uncritically accept the re-enchantment of liberation or struggle politics as offered by Maoism or ‘Vietcongism’ or ‘Althusserian neodogmatism’. All of this was music to Millicent’s ears. She became a lifelong fan of Morin. Many of the themes in his writings resonated with Albert Camus. Also a favourite of Millicent. Morin was also a member of the French Communist Party but left the party after the lies of Stalinism and the Soviet Union were exposed. Like Camus, he upheld an existentialist appreciation for the concrete materiality of sensuous existence for its own sake and nothing else in the face of the absence of any higher purpose to life or a transcendental order to the universe or meaning to the world. Man, his works, and the entire universe will eventually vanish into nothing. Ultimately everything is meaningless especially given the inexorable fate of the entire universe with its countless stars, solar systems and galaxies, which in the fullness of time will all vanish, leaving nothing behind, and the final verdict is that nothing can endure forever. The themes and metaphors which Morin invokes in his writings have been captured cinematically in the film ‘Rebel without a Cause’ starring James Dean. Like a Camuseque hero, the protagonist in this movie is an individual who objectively speaking happens to be insignificant, small, vulnerable and solitary in an indifferent universe. The protagonist, even while existing in the kind of universe that Monod writes about in his book ‘Chance and Necessity’, he is still able to cling to the fullness of life in spite of the bleak empty immensity of the universe. The movie for the evening was going to be ‘Rebel without a Cause’. After the lecture, there was time for a few questions. Question time was followed by a short break for wine and finger eats. After I returned from the toilet Millicent joined me at the table of eats and over a glass of wine, we engaged in a conversation on John Kerouac's book ‘On the Road’ and the Ginsberg beat movement of the 1950s. At the end of the evening, we agreed to meet for coffee the following day. That Saturday we went on our first date, a movie and supper. A year later in 1991, we were married.
8.
Except for North Korea, the 1990s marked in time a significant historical disjuncture between the past and the future, signalling the demise of two grand scale utopian social engineering projects, Soviet styled socialism, and South Africa’s system of apartheid. Both experiments ended as catastrophic failures. Both were rejected by the masses. When it comes to telling the post-twentieth century story of Soviet Marxism and Soviet Socialism and South African apartheid no argument can ever rebut the narratives, which document their failure. South African apartheid never enjoyed any kind of intellectual prestige or intellectual credibility, as was the case with the socialism and Marxism of the Soviet Union. The credibility of Soviet Socialism and the Soviet Union’s version of Marxism has been smashed forever and is now beyond repair or rehabilitation. With respect to the Soviet Union, Marxism and Marxist-Leninism have failed dismally the test of their own predictions. Karl Popper wins. Look, I actually like Popper. Marxism failed to predict the rise of socialism in countries that were industrially underdeveloped relative to the capitalist West. Karl Popper wins. In addition, Marxism failed to predict the demise of socialism in Russian and in its satellites. Karl Popper wins. Of course, Marxism was never a predictive, reason-based, deducible and evidence-based scientific theory. Marxism does not share the same scientific status that we associate with the real sciences such as geology, physics, chemistry, biochemistry, molecular biology, microbiology, botany or zoology. In fact, Marxism can never qualify as genuine science, for the simple reason that it is not falsifiable. It can explain away every failed prediction by appealing to ad hoc assumptions and an infinity of failure excusing qualifications. Marxism as an ideology has immunized itself against all criticism. In this sense Marxism as an ideology functions in actual practice as a Ptolemaic system. Politically Marxism has functioned as a useful fairy tale. It fails the counter-factual test of a genuine scientific theory. It thus does not possess the explanatory or predictive power of a genuine scientific theory such as Darwinian evolution or quantum mechanics or Mendelian genetics or the general theory of relativity. It could not predict that Chinese socialism will evolve into an oligarchical form of authoritarian capitalism. It does not offer a causal or mechanistic based predictive explanation of historical events or historical transitions. Ironically it is not really a materialist theory at all. It is a metaphysical theory. Indeed, from a purely scientific standpoint, it would be a fallacy to propose that Marxism represents a materialist or physicalist based theory of revolution or historical transitions. In order for Marxism to truly qualify as a materialist theory of revolutionary change, it would have to fit in rationally and logically and empirically with the materialist ideas of mechanism and causation in a causally closed Universe. It would have to be reductionist in a strictly scientific sense. This is simply not possible. All articulations of Marxism are no more than stories we like to tell ourselves. Did Marx really discover the law that determines the development or evolution of human history? Could his work be equated to Darwin’s Origin of the Species by Natural Selection? Marxist narratives of historical materialism belong to the genre of ‘just-so stories’ In other words, they are all historical fictions. Nowhere do we see a Hegelian or Marxist version of dialectics operative in a materialist or physicalist conception or account of the evolving Universe in its Totality. Hegelism and Marxism only have a heuristic value as social theories. Heuristically they function as story-telling tools which serve a practical function regarding some objective or some set of actions. They provide an organizing framework for social analysis. They provide the tools for a creating picture or portrait or story of social reality regarding its functioning and structuring, but the picture or story always fails to coincide with the real dynamical nature of social reality in its totality. The pictures and stories ultimately fail to explain the dynamical evolution of social formations within real history. This goes some way for explaining the failure of socialism as a story or picture in the face of the persistence and self-perpetuation of capitalism. The Marxist story of the socialist revolution has historically failed to live up to the expectations which were integral to its own story. This means that the story of existing socialism turned out to be a fiction, even a myth in the negative sense of the mythology. The eventual failures of existing socialism also goes a long way to explaining the short-coming of Marxist story-telling with regard to the ‘Natural History’ of the oligarchy. In fact, Marxism fails as a ‘Natural History Theory’. It does not even attempt it tell the story of the natural history of human societies. In reality, it has failed within actual history as the true story of history. This means that unlike Darwin’s theory of evolution it has failed as a totalizing or unifying theory of the evolution of social reality. A theory of social revolution simply does not exist. It cannot exist. Marxism does not deal in the science of inevitabilities. In retrospect, it was inevitable that the socialism of the Soviet Union would collapse and would be rejected by the overwhelming majority of the population who were held as captives or hostages under its imposition. Also in retrospect, it was inevitable that the socialist-based political economy of China would mutate and evolve into a form of capitalism. To its credit, Marxism does provide an investigative framework or a conceptual scheme for the critical description and analyses of the nature and dynamics of political economies. Marxism does indeed provide a rational method for analysing the nature of social reality, but only from a certain perspective, and by means of a method based on a selected body of knowledge or a way of looking at social realities. However, the method and body of knowledge as embodied in the works of Marx are by themselves insufficient to the task it has set for itself as a theory of revolution for the emancipation of humanity. Marxism’s deficiencies lie in the fact that as a social theory it is incomplete. In other words, it is only a partial theory. It is a partial theory with regard to its understanding of the nature of the material processes underlying or governing the dynamics of the real world. There are illusionary elements in its understanding of the nature of these material processes, especially with regard to the evolutionary development and perpetuation of social formations which all share similar generic characteristics. 
9.
For example, Marx failed to comprehend the material processes underlying the self-reproduction and therefore the self-perpetuation of hierarchies of social domination in the form of the oligarchy. He failed because he was blind to the phantasmagorical elements in his own thinking regarding not only the psychological but also the real nature of the pyscho-social dynamics which underlie the self-reproduction and self-perpetuation of various species of class structured social formations. It must be noted that the oligarchy from a generic perspective exists as an unbroken series or a merging continuum of different versions of oligarchical social, economic and political arrangements, different only in degree but not in kind. They are all of the same kind. This means they are all versions of essentially the same kind of system, that is, as various embodiments of a system of social stratification based on hierarchies of social domination. Because of this singularity, they are all essentially unequal or non-egalitarian social arrangements or social formations. Oligarchical or hierarchicalized social systems or social formations can be reproduced or perpetuated in multiple forms along a continuum of similarities and differences regarding the manner, mechanisms and machinery by means of which the diverse forms of hierarchies of social domination are established, maintained, self-perpetuated or self-reproduced. From another perspective, the various forms of the oligarchy can be viewed as existing in terms of the One and Many relationships as conceptualized by Plato and also by Hegel. The Many explicit forms of the oligarchy are implicit in the universal form or the Idea of the oligarchy or the One in other words. 
10.
There has never existed within the time frame of Holocenic history a classless social arrangement. In other words, following the passing of the Palaeolithic hunter-gatherer era of human prehistory, no subsequent social arrangements have remotely embodied anything conforming to the theoretical idea of the classless society. They all embodied some form of an oligarchical or hierarchical social arrangement based on clear distinctions with regard to power, equality, social status or rank. In a classless society, there is not differentiation between individuals with respect to equality, social status or social rank. The existence of any form of a state arises as a direct consequence of the emergence of hierarchies of social dominance. Class divisions have been a self-perpetuating natural social phenomena in all post-Palaeolithic historical forms of human sociality without exception. Class divisions have existed for more than 10 000 years. And after the 1917 October revolution, the USSR failed to get rid of its own class divisions. It tried to erase the concrete existence of its own social class divisions by trying to imagine or pretend that it was a classless society. It turned out to be a transparent exercise in denial. In reality, the USSR remained a class-divided society even though it called itself socialist. Marxist-Leninism turned out to be a catastrophic failure. After 1989 most of the statues of Lenin were toppled. Social class divisions and the hierarchicalization of social domination have occurred in multiple forms, forms which were patently manifest in the various 20th Century versions of Marxist socialism. The Soviet Union remained until the end a class-divided society. As I said, class divisions were never eradicated after the 1917 revolution they merely reappeared or were re-constructed in alternative forms and guises. Social inequalities and social stratification according to rank and privileges were integral to the monopolistic structure and functioning of the 20th Century socialist state and socialist economies in all of its historically concrete embodiments. Hence the banning of not only George Orwell’s Animal Farm and 1984, but also Solzhenitsyn’s The Gulag Archipelago. What kind of state bans books? What kind of state fears ideas? What kind of state has to control the mind of its citizens? Empirically speaking, the Soviet Union was a class-divided society, there existed a ruling class and a passive powerless under-class who toiled in miserable jobs and lived miserable lives with hardly any personal liberty or freedom or autonomy or sovereignty. In words, they had no real agency or control over their lives and their life prospects. They were living in an apartheid situation. Everything had been decided for them. A vast officialdom ruled on their behalf mapping out every detail of their lives. They lived in a state of confinement and segregation, almost as if imprisoned, as in being subjected to a carceral-like state of affairs, in what can be called a heteronomous heterotopia (more what this means will be dealt with latter). Their life choices were profoundly limited. Hence the massive rejection of Soviet styled socialisms at the end of the 1980s. Going back to the idea of understanding the underlying material processes responsible for the perpetuation or reproduction of class divisions, Marxism does not fulfil this scientific task in any kind of scientific manner which would be equivalent to Darwin’s theory of evolution by genetic variation and natural selection which in turn is capable of explaining biological diversity and adaptive species radiation from a causal-mechanistic perspective. Marxism predictive and explanatory power has proved to be weak. It has failed to explain the self-perpetuation of class divisions and hierarchies of social domination and real material inequalities within societies that self-identify as Marxist and socialist. Again, in this sense, it has failed its own predictive and prescriptive tests which re-enforce its failed status as a scientific social theory of substantial and significant change. In the case of the South African ideology of apartheid, apartheid as a theory failed its own test of prediction. As an ideology, it was nothing more than a horrible fantasy. In terms of its truth-worthiness, it was based on absolute falsehoods. With regard to its moral status, its implementation represented a crime against humanity on a grand scale. Both systems, Soviet Socialism and South African apartheid were based on crimes, falsehoods, deceit, cruelty, lies, fantasies, myths and illusions. Can there ever be a science of social revolution? Yes, there can be! The point of departure for such a theory would be the works of Robert Michels and Mikhail Bakunin. The time for the emergence of a new generation of scientifically based social theory has arrived. Evolutionary based human sociobiology offers the most promise for explaining every kind of political phenomenon, even revolution. How do classes arise during and after a communist revolution? It is easy to explain this social phenomenon within the scientific framework of biology, neuroscience, sociobiology and evolutionary psychology. The omnipresence of Power and Corruption first became an all-pervasive reality following the emergence of the oligarchy between 10 000 and 12 000 years ago. Ever since the emergence of the Holocene, oligarchical forms of sociality have persisted in multiple possible permutations, including the oligarchical collectivism of the Soviet Union and China. A power division and distinction between the leaders and the masses have always emerged spontaneously whenever the sizes of human groups or populations or communities exceeded a certain threshold, making direct democracy and direct self-management impossible. This is the problem with a democratic centralist revolutionary party or vanguardist party or the so-called disciplined Bolshevik organization acting as the revolutionary agent on behalf of the workers. It undergoes a spontaneous hierarchicalization that fosters the emergence of a political elite who under the cover of democratic centralization are able to assert their authority and control over the movement or organization or party. In vanguardism, the self-appointed revolutionary party makes it an unchallengeable moral imperative that it be the sole guide, agent and representative in the struggle of the workers because only it possesses the true knowledge and insight for defining on behalf of the proletariat, their correct objectives and their correct revolutionary path, step for step, stage for stage towards the realization of their correct revolutionary objectives. The revolutionary party thinks and acts on behalf of the worker’s movement. The vanguardist party is the head and the brain the worker’s movement of the body. The body cannot advance headless towards the realization of its true revolutionary goals, it needs the head to think for it. Strong revolutionary leadership in charge of a disciplined and centralized revolutionary party organization embodies the absolute and non-negotiable preconditions for the success of the revolution. The body is passive and powerless whereas the head is active and all powerful. From the perspective of the revolutionary leadership, the body without its head is practically a mindless, purposeless, staggering, and directionless zombie. Here we have an incarnation of the Cartesian dualism between mind and body. The fate of the body is decided by what goes on its head. The head of the body has its own internal dynamics involving the interactions between the different brains of the many little heads within the head. Initially, the head containing the many different little heads behaves like the head of a schizophrenic because it is filled with many different minds, each mind has its own perspective, ambitions and personal agenda. Within the head, a struggle between the many different and conflicting minds ensues.  Through a process of contestation and elimination eventually, one mind prevails over all the other minds. The mind which prevails becomes the mind that rules or controls both the head and body. As a consequence of this, it is the mind of a single person who now personifies agency, control and power over not only the revolutionary party or the vanguard, and also over the entire body which represents the workers or proletariat. In the vocabulary of game theory, this particular individual mind cannot be sanctioned or punished. The rise of the single controlling mind is the inevitable consequence of strong vanguardist party leadership and democratic centralism. The rise of the single controlling mind personified in a single person is the inevitable outcome of the singleness of purpose of a centralized vanguardist leadership. This has been the historical reality for the existence of a strong Bolshevik Communist Party. The strong Bolshevik Party is led by the strong leader who becomes the epitome of the party. Given the underlying machinations and mafianization which characterizes the life of any ‘strongly centralized authoritarian political party’ it stands to reason that any individual who has obtained political power through a process involving a manipulative, brutal, ruthless and lethal contestation will want to maintain his iron hold on political power even if it necessarily means the systematic purging of all potential political rivals. When trying to maintain a tight grip on political power reality tends to become increasingly blurred with perceived or imagined menace and threats. Trust is a liability. The supreme leader prefers certainty above everything else. Thus sustaining an economy of fear becomes a reliable substitute for trust. Fear rules where trust fails. The supreme leader’s brain has to be exceptionally crafty to outwit rivals and to stay several moves ahead of the game. One can presume that the brain and mind of the supreme leader is no ordinary brain or mind. There won’t be much room in that brain for empathy, understanding, conscience or care. It is necessarily a ‘me first’ brain no matter what the social cost. It has to be the supreme brain, the head which rules the body. Why do the brains and minds of the supreme leaders like Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Pol Pot and Robert Mugabe invite so much enduring and morbid fascination? They all belong to that special genus of ‘Great Men’. We are curious about the truth of their real significance. Of course, they were not really ‘Great Men’. We use that title in a mocking sense. We can afford to mock them because they are all dead. There exists a vast literature on Stalin, yet one can’t help feeling that even after all this writing that has been expended on Stalin we don’t really know much about Stalin or Hitler for that matter. We don’t know how reliable are the sources which have been used to construct the various ‘lives’ of Stalin. To what extent they are just stories in the form of fictionalized biographies is a question that is difficult to answer. All we have to go by in the reconstruction of the various lives of Stalin are propaganda, reminiscences and speculation. Strong Bolshevik leadership came at an inordinately high cost to humanity. The total historical price or cost in terms of human misery as a consequence of the Russian Revolution and the Soviet brand of socialism which eventually collapsed after 1989 under the weight of its internal contradiction remains inestimable and is probably several-fold higher than the total cost of human suffering under 20th Century capitalism within Western Countries. The price of human lives under the rule of Stalin has been estimated to be in the region of 20 million. The historical evidence is compelling, the Bolshevik Communist Party in reality failed in its self-appointed role as the revolutionary vanguard party of the proletariat. Trotsky stood firm on the principle that a revolution would not succeed without a leader being in charge. It is unlikely that things would have been any different under Trotsky.
11.
What is perfection? What does it mean to be perfect? The foundation of Rene Descartes' theory of knowledge was based on the belief in the perfection of an almighty G-d. In line with Descartes’ idea that if G-d was deceiving then he would by implication be imperfect. But God in order to be really G-d, G-d had to be necessarily perfect. Dwelling further on the idea of perfection, as you can see, it was the very idea of the existence of perfection in the form of a perfect G-d which was so central to Descartes’ argument that we could indeed have true knowledge of the nature of reality. Mainly because G-d was perfect. We can explore the implication of G-d’s perfection further. For example, it is implied in Leibniz’s theory of possible worlds that only the most perfect world could exist. So perfection could be the conditions or state of affairs by virtue of which any world could exist. The question is: What do we mean by perfection? What is it that must be perfect? We have to accept that in order for G-d to be truly G-d it is necessary that G-d be perfect in every possible way. An imperfect G-d is a contradiction in terms. The idea or conception of perfection can be explored in terms of the relationship between G-d’s existence and G-d’s essence and the notion that nothing can exist independently of G-d’s omniscience, omnipotence and omnipresence, which boils down to the condition that nothing can exist or be possible independently of God’s power, everything that is possible is possible only by virtue of G-d’s power for it to be possible. For anything ‘to be’ possible supervenes on G-d’s own Being. What does it mean for anything ‘to be’ possible? The word ‘to’ is a preposition. It can be used in the formulation of sentences in a wide variety of ways. It is used before a verb or after a verb. When used before the verb it is to show that the verb is being used in the infinitive. The infinitive verb is always preceded by the preposition ‘to’, for example, to run, to work, to read, to talk, to love, to walk and so on. It becomes the sign of the infinitive. In all of these cases the preposition ‘to’ becomes part of the verb, and when ‘to’ is used before the verb or precedes the verb, the verb becomes the infinitive verb, which is the base form or basic form of all verbs. In the case of verbs, the infinitive is a non-finite verb. ‘I need to run every day’ is to use the verb as an infinitive, whereas in the case ‘I run every day’ is to use the verb in its finite form. The word ‘be’ is a verb. It can be used in the form of a present participle (being) to form continuous tenses or as a past participle (been) to form the passive voice. A participle can be a word formed from a verb. The word ‘being’ is a present participle derived from the verb ‘to be’. To be is to exist, to be no matter what one is doing, necessarily entails to ‘be there’ or ‘being there’ or having ‘there being’ or having ‘thereness’. What kind of ‘having’ is this? What is ‘thereness’? To be is having ‘thereness’. No one can be without being-in-a-world. Being-in-a-world bestows ‘thereness’ with respect to your being. When something is bestowed it gives sense to ‘having’ such as ‘having thereness’. We exist in a world that has been bestowed upon us in the broadest possible sense. Going back now to our original question: What does it mean for anything ‘to be’ possible? For anything to be possible we have to be in a world, a world which has also been bestowed upon us in the widest and deepest possible sense. The verb bestowed has the following set of synonyms: confer on, present to, award to, give, grant, vouchsafe, accord to, afford to, vest in, invest in, bequeath to, donate to, allot to, assign to, impart to, consign to, commit to, apportion to, distribute to, lavish on, and heap on. For anything ‘to be possible’ something else must be assigned, vested in, or imparted, or simply ‘bestowed’ in order to make ‘being there possible’. What is this ‘something else’? The word ‘bestowed’ as used in this context, has been applied in a poetic, metaphysical or realist, and theological manner. And in this context regarding the issues of bestowal, which in addition to metaphysical and theological considerations or perspectives, also includes a materialist, naturalist or physicalist dimension of articulation or causation, to what has been bestowed. What has been bestowed in order to make being-there-in-a-world a realizable possibility includes the following: potentialities, powers, dispositions, properties or attributes or qualities, and relationships. Potentialities, powers, dispositions, properties and relationships become manifested as observable regularities and uniformities of Nature and as such, they constitute the Laws of Natures. Where do the Law of Nature come from? How did they originate? Nothing comes from nothing and something always comes from something else. And if G-d is truly G-d Almighty then nothing can exist or come into existence by itself independently of G-d’s will or power. While one can explore the meaning of Nietzsche’s will to power, it is more interesting to explore the precise relationship between power and will. Nietzsche’s will to power is constrained by the truth in the form of resistances, opposing forces and states of affairs. The truth is not something that can be willed by power. It can be argued that there exists state of affairs where power, will and truth are not independent but interdependent in a convergent fashion. We can propose that power and will converge with truth under certain states of affairs or circumstances. Power is the capacity to do something or influence something or affect something in a particular way that is reflective of what was willed or embodies the outcome of what has been willed. G-d’s will is always exerted in a manner, which is consistent with G-d’s essential nature. And to quote from the Lipstick lesbian: ‘The Laws of Nature are an expression of the divine will. If G-d’s will converges with G-d’s essence then the Laws of Nature are also an expression of G-d’s essence. The divine correlates or the divine relations between (divine will)-(Laws of Nature)-(divine essence) all converge with G-d’s existence. In this sense G-d’s will are the Laws of Nature and G-d is the Laws of the Nature because G-d’s existence cannot be separated from G-d’s essence or G-d’s will and this is the mode of G-d’s immanence in the Universe and in the whole of Reality. Also in this manner or mode of being, G-d is the Truth and the Way. It is in also through this mode of her being that G-d is immanent within the Totality of Reality. It is also through this mode of her being that G-d preserves and sustains everything which exists and it is also by virtue of this that anything and everything can exist.’ G-d’s nature is perfect, therefore the Laws of Nature which mirror G-d’s will must also be perfect and it follows that Nature as the mirror of G-d’s will reflects G-d’s perfection. What then is the secret of G-d’s perfection when the world in which we live seems to be less than perfect? Is it perfect in the sense of it being the best of all possible worlds? How do we answer this question? The best of all possible worlds for whom? There is no finite whom? Given the facts governing the origin of the Universe, stellar evolution, galaxy evolution, thermonuclear synthesis of the elements within stars, solar system evolution, the geological evolution of planets, and the biological evolution of mobile genetic elements, viruses, protists, algae, fungi, plants and animals, we know that the Universe or our solar system or our planet did not come into existence for our sake. Whatever happens in the Universe does not necessarily happen for our sake, nor need it happen for our sake, unless we have a genuine relationship with G-d. Then we experience lots of stuff happening for our sake. And whatever happens for our sake happens by the initiative of G-d. For example: G-d called Abraham, G-d chose his people, G-d made a covenant, G-d promises, G-d elects, and it is never the other way round.
12.
Everywhere in Jo’burg, post-1990, there are visible symptoms that register the degree of the inner-city’s commercial abandonment. The nature of its civic decline and disintegration can now be readily captured in all its bare pictorial starkness by the comic cartoonist. This provides proof that in the comic strip cartoon strip perception of appearances converges with actual reality in all its brutishness. Perception becomes reality. Is this an accurate judgement of the cognitive power of the comic? The imaginary world constructed by the comic cartoonist can surrender meaningful insights into the real nature of the world in which we live. Comics can inform and educate the comic book reader, especially with regard to philosophical insights into problems that wrack the brain such as the nature of good and evil or what is the truth or what is reality. The imaginary worlds which the cartoonist are engaged in constructing can be viewed as possible worlds. Different kinds of possible worlds may actually exist given the ‘infinite universe of possibilities’ which could be realized in a Universe containing billions upon billions of galaxies. A single galaxy could readily contain billions of solar systems similar to ours.  What about if there are billions upon billions of multiverses. The possibility of other worlds is a metaphysical concept. However, a rational materialist or physicalist conception of the nature of reality does suggest the strong likelihood for the existence of other possible worlds, an idea which would be consistent with the cosmological evidence for the existence of innumerable galaxies containing innumerable solar systems. The potentiality for a wide spectrum of possible worlds may be built into the fabric of our Universe. If multiple universes exist then there may exist an infinite number of possible worlds. 



Chapter Eleven
1.
Mark my words. I have always been vaguely religious in that l believed in G-d and did engage with G-d from a very young age in an ongoing conversation that I supposed could be construed as prayer. I was a spiritual person. I did eventually convert to Judaism for three reasons. First, it was the natural culmination of my spiritual journey. I converted because of deep-seated religious convictions. Second, I also wanted to convert because of my love for Millicent, and thirdly I converted because of what may seem an irrational sense of obligation, loyalty and also a profound existential need to fit in and to belong to something far greater than me. I was an orphan and by converting to Judaism and becoming a Jew meant I would finally have a home in which to live out my life. But also, I wanted to belong to something that was truly magnificent in my own perceptions. Millicent in a way epitomized that magnificence. The reasons for this will become clearer. Anyway, I felt it was the right thing to do at the time. I did end up taking my conversion exceedingly seriously. As I have said, I had this undefined sense of religiosity, to begin with. It was easy for me to internalize the religious and metaphysical and theological dimensions of what it meant to be Jewish. My life did change. This means that I did end up investing considerable mental and emotional work, plus dialectical thinking or reasoning, into the assimilation and authentic appropriation of Rabbinic Judaism. Rabbinic Judaism is a book religion. As it turned out I would report to Millicent all the details of my progress in Judaism and the study of the Torah, and when I related to her that the five books of Moses consisted of exactly 304,805 letters and that the great sages of the Jewish tradition are of the common opinion that all the wisdom and also the complete knowledge contained in the entire universe are hidden within these 304,805 letters, she would roll her eyes, and stare up at the ceiling. And whats more, the study of the Torah actually involves a direct encounter with G-d and Heaven, for the Torah is indeed Heaven itself, and her response would be: ‘Is that so?’ Whenever Millicent replied with a ‘Is that so?’ it meant that the substance of the matter that you were relating to her represented an attempt to extend the limits of rational credibility beyond the borders of absurdity. The world or foundation of Rabbinic Judaism was centred on books, entire collections of books, in fact, libraries of books, and was focused on one singular activity, which was the never-ending reading of these books, and the studying, interpretation and articulation of the Torah and the Talmud, a practice which was necessarily tightly coupled to the faithful observance of the Torah. I was brought up to always do the right thing and so the foundations had been laid to orientate my life in terms of the Torah. So wishing to do the right thing, I did everything that was required in order to convert, in fact, my conversion was fully kosher or Halakhic, fully compliant with the entire body and tradition of Jewish Law, and the documentary evidence for this can be found in the archives of the Johannesburg Beth Din. 
2.
Becoming a Jew seemed to be the right thing for me to do. I took to Judaism as a duck takes to water. I have worked through all ten volumes, totalling more than 3000 pages, of ‘The Babylonian Talmud’ (Translated by Michael L. Rodkinson, Volumes 1-10, 1918) which by sheer luck I had discovered in a second-hand bookshop in Melville. But from the start, I run into all kinds of problems. I could never quite bring myself to believe that Moshe had learnt the Oral Torah on the summit of Mount Sinai directly from the mouth of the Omnipotent Creator of the Universe nor could I believe that the exact same Oral Torah which Moshe had received at Sinai had been transmitted word for word from one generation to the next, beginning with Aharon (אהרן), until it was eventually committed to writing between the 6th and 8th centuries of the common era. During one of our Judaism classes, in connection with the intergenerational transmission of the original Oral Torah, the exact one that was originally recited by G-d to Moshe at Sinai, the Rabbi stated emphatically that: All Jews, past, present and future, including all converts to Judaism, were literally present at Sinai to receive the Torah. Maybe this is why the celebration of Shavuot was so special for me. Shavuot was also the season of the convert. On paper, I was a fully certified Jew and by my own lights an expert in Judaism, the history of the Jews, and the Written and Oral Torah, through dedicated and earnest self-study and careful observation. And mystically, I too was present at Sinai, with all the other Jews who have ever existed, to receive both the written and the oral Torah. So if the Rabbi was making an incontrovertible truth claim then I was indeed a Jew from all eternity. Then so be it! I had chosen the name Joshua. I liked the Biblical character. I was now Joshua ben Avraham. Son of Abraham. Even so, I did not feel like a real Jew. My struggle with the reality of being a Jew became a lifelong struggle, as you can imagine, whatever a Jew may think about Judaism, a convert has to think a lot more and believe a lot harder, and a lot more sincerely, with a deep and unwavering and abiding conviction, and also an unwavering and profound and unconditional love for the Jewish people, something which can be very difficult at times, because most Jews turned out to be caricatures or clones of Millicent. However, Orthodox practice and observance can only be sustained by a belief in the claims of Judaism, otherwise, everything about being a convert becomes an empty, mechanical and ultimately a mindless sham and a futile practice, and for the sake of what, I don’t know. And of course, Millicent reminded me: ‘I told you so!’ And she added: ‘There is nothing great about being a Jew.’ She admitted that if you were born a Jew you accepted this as a fact of your life, it is like being born an albino, it is something you cannot change or wish for, so asking why would someone want to become a Jew is like asking why would someone want to become an albino, so that they can be murdered and their body parts sold as muti? She never quite put it this way, so starkly and grimly, but this is what she was implying. She never managed to get her head around my decision, even though she accepted my Jewish status, which was equivalent to living with someone who had decided to become an albino by choice. But I have to be fair, Millicent managed to muster sufficient empathy to support my desire to convert and played her part despite her deep-seated aversion to religion in all of its forms and manifestations. For my sake with regard to all those initial interviews with the Rabbis and with the Beth Din, she always accompanied me and she played the role of an observant and believing Jew no matter how awkward and silly this made her feel. She played her part true to script. To the question on why her shul attendance had lapsed she explained that while having regularly attended services at the Rosettenville Shul in the past, which was a shameless lie on her part, the synagogue’s declining membership did play some undefinable role in her recent irregular attendance. However, she had been diligent with regard to observing Shabbat even though she did not attend shul as often as she used to. Another lie she told for my sake. Of course, it was to be expected that when facing the prospective convert or proselyte all rabbis have to deal with all kinds of religious and psycho-social issues, including all the red flags and complicated problems which the candidate proselytes inevitably bring to the doorstep of the rabbi. These include all the attendant emotional, psychological, social and familial interpersonal dilemmas inherent in the changing of one’s religion and identity. These were not obstacles for me. I had no family or religion and I was already circumcised. The only religious sentiment I held was my personal belief in G-d. Other than that I had no faith or creed or religion. When it came to religion I was the proverbial blank slate. I told the rabbi that I am coming to Judaism with no psychosocial or familial or cultural baggage or preconceptions. In the first interview the rabbi, an extremely learned man, when considering my reasons to convert, rattled off various Talmudic aggada, which made Millicent inwardly cringe. I cannot remember everything he said but I do remember this. It was a Talmudic aggada about a prostitute who wanted to become a Jew. I don’t know why the rabbi referred to her as a prostitute, anyway this was how the account went: ‘…she came to the academy of Rabbi Hiyya and said to him, ‘Master, instruct me for the sake of my conversion’. ‘My daughter,’ he replied, ‘perhaps you have your eye on one of the disciples?' She answered affirmatively. Nevertheless, in the end, Hiyya accepts her conversion.’ ’ Then our rabbi posed the question to no one in particular, and both of us waited for him to answer the question. The rabbi’s question went like this: ‘Why do Hillel and Hiyya allow such conversions?’ After a pause, the rabbi gave his answer: ‘I will tell you why. A medieval Tosafot of the Talmud states: ‘Hillel knew that, in the end, this conversion would serve the sake of Heaven.’ The rabbi then paused again for a moment, allowing this to sink in. Finally, the rabbi concluded: ‘And thus it was with the prostitute who approached Rabbi Hiyya in order to marry that student.’ He continued: ‘The Jerusalem Talmud actually dismisses a good deal of the reluctance surrounding the validity of a conversion for the sake of marriage. If the objective for conversion is marriage to a Jew then there are grounds for accepting the convert with kindness, mainly for the sake of Heaven. But I must say that such an objective which Maimonides qualifies as a conversion for the love for a Jew is inferior when compared to a conversion for the love of the Torah. To convert in order to marry a Jew is actually a worldly objective or reason for conversion and because it is a worldly desire it is not immediately considered a ger tzedek, and the convert is viewed as a suspect, as one who is harbouring ulterior motives for conversion, as one who has converted under false pretences, such a convert is not viewed as a righteous convert, however, such a convert can eventually earn full acceptance as a genuine Jew by being seen to be observant and righteous. The sincerity of the conversion after-the-fact, for the sake of love and marriage, can only be vindicated as genuine by a faithful and honest demonstration of a deep-seated desire to live fully as a Jew. It has been argued by some rabbis that the so-called ‘conversionary marriage’ can change a non-Jew's attitude toward Judaism and the Jewish people, so that love for the Jewish spouse may grow into a deep love for Judaism and a genuine heartfelt love for the Jewish people.’ Anyway, eighteen months later after my love for a specific Jew had grown into an intellectual attachment and love for Judaism, and a deep love for the Jewish people, and a profound love for Israel, I eventually became a Jew. For most of our marriage, my daughters and I have lived as kosher Jews. I did experience dietary lapses, especially on research field trips and international conference travel. However, Millicent did not worry too much about being a kosher Jew; she consumed anything that could be counted as food fit for human consumption. When our daughters and Millicent’s family immigrated to Canada my circumstance did change profoundly, I lapsed into a non-observant lifestyle, even though I remained self-consciously a Jew. This means that I continued to perceive the world philosophically and metaphysically and theologically through the prism of Judaism. Rolling Stones – Street fighting man.
3.
And so I did indeed become an albino in a manner of speaking, an albino by a mystical rebirth into a new kind of life and a new identity. On the appointed day following ritual immersion or tevilah my ethnic status changed from Gentile to Jew. My passing through the mikvah was duly certified as kosher by the Beth Din. After emerging from the waters following the threefold immersion, in the presence of witnesses. I a newly born Jew, freshly minted, dripping wet, and chanting ‘Hear O Israel…’ ceased in that instance to be a Goy. I had finally come home, I had come to the place where I really belonged and wanted to be with all my heart and soul. Yet in spite of all the initial difficulties and challenges, there existed aids to help the perplexed neophyte Jew along his or her journey into Judaism. You could read Rabbi Joseph Soloveitchik’s ‘Halakhic Man’ or ‘The Halakhic Mind’ or ‘The Lonely Man of Faith’. And there were many other books that the rabbis had written. I had no ambition to become a Talmudic dialectician of note or Midrashist of inordinate power and skill. I just needed a simple and reliable road map for living a life the halakhic way. In his ‘Halakhic Man’, Soloveitch writes ‘…the shofar represents the yearning for the Deus Absconditus whom no thought can grasp, who is separate and removed, awesome and holy. The shofar weeps, wails, and moans over the infinite distance that separates the cosmos from the Ein-Sof, the infinite. Therefore, it negates the world and raises man to the most absolute transcendent mode of existence. In contrast, the taking of the lulav and the etrog-the fruit of a goodly tree-sustains and affirms the beautiful and resplendent world, which reflects the glory of the G-d who fills and encompasses all world…’ Contrary to Hasidism the shofar and its blowing mirrors a world alienated from G-d, and in stark contrast to Hasidism, the lulav reveals a world pregnant with the fullness and bounty of G-d. So eventually with the help of the writings of Rabbi Soloveitch and others, for a pregnant season, I lived the life of a happy, contented and well-adapted halakhic Jew. Atheism had always been a leap of faith too great for me to undertake. Contrary to Millicent and my in-laws, I remained steadfast to my belief in the G-d of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. It was a question of trust and expectation, and an obligation to be truthful not only to G-d or to the Rabbi, but also to the Jewish People. Belief in the G-d of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, was the bond that bound me as a convert to the Jews, if I severed that specific bond of belief, I could be severing the bond that attached to me to the Jewish people. But unlike me, Millicent did not have to pass any test of belief or faith or commitment to Judaism. Millicent was not committed to the Jews or Israel or Judaism. She was the most anti-Semitic and cynical Jew I had ever met. The paradox of being Jewish no longer applied to Millicent. The challenges of living the halakhic life by means of faithfulness to G-d, Torah, mitzvot, and the Jewish people did not mean anything to her. She felt no such obligation. In fact, she was completely disinterested and unmoved by all of this. She belonged to the new generation of secular Jews. She rolled her eyes when I reminded her that the Torah was the primordial blueprint of the Universe. ‘What utter nonsense,’ was her dismissive retort. But I kept an open mind. I was curious about how this could be possible. How could this be demonstrated? Hermeneutically or exegetically or rhetorically the Rabbis had derived this idea or conception from the first two words of Genesis, Bereishith Bara, which traditionally means ‘In the beginning…’ and which was re-translated to mean or imply the following: ‘With this thing G-d created the heavens and the earth…’ ‘With this thing’ meant with the Torah and by extension the Torah was the Word of G-d, thus G-d spoke the Universe into existence ‘…let there be…’ and there was heavens and earth and water and plants and animals and all kinds of creeping things, and so forth and so on. And the Tanakh could be treated as the resource or place which provided all the details of how this was all worked out, that is the Torah’s creative role in bringing the Universe into existence. And for working all this out one had to study the rhetorics of the Aggadic Midrash. Of course, this was not science in the enlightenment sense. It was the application of an exegesis or hermeneutic or literary analysis or literary activity collectively known as Midrash. Midrash also involves a specific kind of methodological or rhetorically informed reading of the Bible, maybe even a deconstructive reading. Midrash often becomes an audacious exegetical or hermeneutical or deconstructive reading of the Bible and such a midrashic engagement with the Torah or Talmud or Tanakh has traditionally been a typical Jewish undertaking, and it is also what moulds you into a Jew. And so I became a Jew by reading and thinking.
4.
The twin towers, meaning the Holocaust and Israel, which have defined Jewish identity since the end of the Second World War, no longer functioned as anchors for Millicent’s conceptualization of her own Jewish identity. She had become assimilated into the world culture of Anglophone countries. She spoke vaguely about her Jewish heritage in the same way that a Portuguese or Italian or Greek or Indian South Africans would acknowledge their cultural and ethnic heritage without making it a big deal. I respected the Rabbis for ironic reasons, they and not G-d, were invested with the powers of gatekeepers when it came to accepting a convert into the citizenship of the Jewish people. As someone who had been made a citizen of the Jewish people through the process of conversion everything about being Jewish become a big deal, and this was especially the case for me including the twin towers, the Holocaust and Israel. Millicent rationalized all of this away as being purely symptomatic of my desperate need to belong and to be accepted as a Jew by Jews. She often reminded me that she did not love me more because I had become a Jew. She often remarked that she preferred the swashbuckling non-Jewish Gavin Swift. So had I made a big mistake with regard to the life I have chosen and have lived? That question remained a perpetual private and unvoiced concern. Regarding my Jewishness, I suffered a constant secret internal crisis of identity and being. Now being married to me Millicent had to come to terms with Joshua Swift. Joshua Swift the Jew. A Joshua Swift who still had many tricks up his sleeve, and I mean Jewish tricks. 
5.
In my early years as a Jew the life of the mind which I lived entailed jumping to and fro between two parallel universes, the objective world of science and especially evolutionary biology and the subjectively constructed or faith-based world of Judaism. The intellectual and also the cognitive problems involved in finding the right framework or system by means of which I could resolve the apparent incompatibilities and reconcile these two universes somehow into one, entailed a metaphysical and theological exercise. I read what the rabbis had to say, but I also became a student of Hegel. As a typical Jew, I found myself constantly arguing with God, especially regarding the nature of the contents of many of the books in the Tanakh. How was I supposed to live as a sane person between these two worlds, which were not only different but also seemingly incompatible, and also incommensurable in the Kuhnian sense of incommensurable paradigms? I don’t agree with Kuhn’s version of scientific revolutions or his idea of incommensurability. I am more comfortable with Karl Popper’s philosophy of science. Anyway, there was the world of my professional life as an academic and scientist, and the world of my religio-ethnic life as a convert to Judaism. In the beginning, the universe of science did not seem to mesh as a seamless fabric with the universe of Judaism. In fact the world of science and the world of Orthodox Judaism seemed at first to be inconsistent and incompatible with each other. In those early years on my journey into Judaism and into being an observant Jew, I had to adapt as an interim measure to living in a mental state that was equivalent to a form of intellectual schizophrenia. Like someone suffering from schizophrenia, I was simultaneously living in two different worlds, each separated from the other like two water-tight compartments. The two worlds were seemingly founded on different and also incompatible ideas regarding the nature of reality. To be honest, during those years I was secretly living the life of an intellectual schizophrenic, constantly trying to negotiate between the two worlds, the world of fundamentalist Orthodox Judaism and the world of Darwinian evolutionary biology. I lost count of how many times I had mindfully and ‘prayerfully” read the Torah, Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy, not to mention the other writings in the Tanakh, like the Books of Judges or Samuel or Jonah or Job for instance. In fact to be honest, I not only found the Torah but also the books of Joshua, Judges, Samuel, Kings and Chronicles incredibly disturbing. Many times, I found myself asking G-d what I was supposed to make of the stories, which filled the pages of the Bible. During those years, I had through practice internalized and exteriorized a performative parody of being Jewish, and I had subsequently discovered from reading Roland Barthes that parody could be construed as a performative exercise in the mythological representation of a representation. My daughter Veronica a devout Jew, thanks to me as her role model and mentor, prays to Hashem for help and guidance before she performs surgery on a patient’s brain. She believes firmly that G-d’s hand merges with her hand when she is holding the scalpel while performing brain surgery. Many of the PhD candidates that I have supervised, whites, blacks and Indians, were Pentecostal Christians, who also held to a fundamentalist view of the Bible, prayed to G-d for help in their research which involved a molecular evolutionary focus but with Darwin also lurking in the background, looking over our shoulders, the ever-present guide to our thinking. In our research, we lived and breathed the world of Darwin’s Origin of the Species by Natural Selection. In terms of Jewish performativity and expressivity, I represent the parodic instantiation of that yet-to-be-born convert’s soul who was also present at Sinai to receive the Torah in both of its versions as per the story represented in the Torah in both of its versions. Performativity in terms of being a Jew could be privately and internally experienced as a parodic instantiation of Jewishness or mimesis where mimesis means an imitative representation of a Jew. Millicent can perform or imitate a parodic representation of a Jew without ceasing to be a Jew. And she made a parody of being Jewish while admitting that I was more genuinely Jewish than she could ever be or wish to be. My performativity of Jewishness would be an absurd parody if I did not believe that the Torah was the true word of G-d given to Moses at Mount Sinai. I believed that it in spite of everything. I was at Sinai when G-d gave the law to Moses, the Rabbi said so! I was a Jew from all eternity. The Rabbi said so and I was not going to contradict what the Rabbi affirmed regarding my Jewish status.
6.
Eventually, these two conflicting universes became reconciled in my mind. I found my home and my place as a Jew. I ceased to be that schizophrenic Jew who I used to be in those early days. But in the process of reconciling the two universes into one overarching reality, I became increasingly critical of the existing world. I had become like Millicent in many respects. I even became critical of many of the Leftist views I had held over the years. In many ways, Millicent had won the battle of the mind when it came to politics and economics and even the Torah. While I did not admit it to her that there had been a convergence of our minds or even a meeting of minds on many things. Her scepticism and cynicism prevailed on many of the matters on which we differed. Yet I felt that the promises of socialism could be salvaged or redeemed if certain social and political arrangements could be pre-empted from being realized. The social and political arrangements which need to be somehow circumvented or short-circuited or annulled were precisely those which result in the emergence of social stratification and political hierarchies. The problematic kinds of psychological and social and political arrangements which have always resulted in the destruction of the socialist goals of the revolution are exactly the kinds of problems that Michel Bakunin had brought up, and these problems have also been made a theme of the story which will unfold in these pages, but more of that latter. Of course, Millicent dismissed Bakunin as an unrealistic dreamer. Examples of the nature of her ripostes to my socialist apologetics can be summed up as follows:
Me: Real socialism has never been tried. It deserves another chance. 
Millicent: How many times must socialism fail before the penny finally drops?
Me: But there have never been any actual examples of real socialism.
Millicent: So do all the self-proclaimed historical examples of existing socialisms, in Stalin’s Soviet Union and in Mao’s China and in Pol Pot’s Cambodia and Ho Chi Minh’s Vietnam and in Castro’s Cuba and more recently, in Chávez’s Venezuela, only represent, in historical actuality, the negation of socialism, rather than the concrete realization of socialism. If this is your argument then the concrete or objective realization of real socialism will be postponed indefinitely, or forever I would imagine? The endless re-incarnation of the negation of socialism in the name of socialism is like some dialectical horror story in which socialism can only exist as its negation in concrete reality. Socialism is like the proverbial bad movie where the bad guy never really dies but always rises up from the dead like some indestructible zombie in the closing scenes of the movie, just as the credits begin to be reeled off, with the names Hegel, Feuerbach, Marx, Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky, Mao, and Pol Pot, flashing momentarily on the screen. Like the undead, socialism can only exist as a re-occurring nightmare. Socialism is a bad joke. 
Millicent to re-enforce her argument, reiterated the question: ‘Was it not the case that all of these countries openly and on public record always self-identified as being socialist, and never once identified as being liberal capitalist democracies. Yes or no? And to argue that the real thing has never been tried is just a lame excuse! There is always some other place, like Angola or Zimbabwe or Venezuela which is going to become the new emerging socialist utopia. Each time a socialist experiment like Mozambique or Zimbabwe fails socialists are quite good at distancing themselves from all these historical examples of socialist failures. In the real world, actual outcomes are revelatory. Why have South Koreans not fled to the North Korean utopia? Why did West Germans not flee to East Germany for the sake of a better life under socialism?’ 
7.
In the end, my need to belong came to nothing. The raison d΄être for converting to Judaism had now all but vanished. I belonged to a shrinking community. My family and most of our lifelong Jewish friends had immigrated. Once again, I found myself alone in the world. Folk wisdom holds that animals can sense impending disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis. Anecdotal reports mention that rodents and snakes are the first to flee, but with the regard to the verdict of science, the jury is still out on this matter. However, the looming portents were sufficiently ominous to the discerning, especially the Jew. Being risk-averse, and wanting to avoid the future prospect of regrets, Millicent’s father and mother and siblings had already immigrated to Canada and had settled into the Jewish community of Vancouver. After our daughters had immigrated to Canada, I began to attend a Reformed Synagogue that happened to be a congregation that was conveniently close. It had evolved into a ‘rainbow’ synagogue with its multiracialism and acceptance of the Jewish LGBT community into its membership and congregation. Here I found myself with other Jews who had also discovered a cure for their intellectual schizophrenia, and who were also students of Hegel, Heidegger, Derrida and Žižek, and so on and so forth.  In London at a bookshop next to Piccadilly Circus I had bought Marlène Zarader’s intriguing book ‘The Unthought Debt: Heidegger and the Hebraic Heritage’, it was while I was taking a short holiday after attending a conference. I have always been interested in Heidegger. The Hebraic heritage is all-pervasive in the world even if it has been intentionally suppressed to a condition of speechlessness. Of course, Derrida has also commented on the Hebraic element in Heidegger’s work. Some of us were also interested in the writings of Walter Benjamin. So there you have it! Furthermore, the putative mythological status of the Bible was not seen as a problem. Even myth can become a medium through which the truth of G-d’s revelation could be communicated. And so in this social-religious context, the Torah and the Tanakh were allowed to take on a new radical and revolutionary literary and metaphysical value for all of us. Someone joked that we were actually ‘Radical Orthodox’ Jews. The Bible became a book that now invited deep intellectual engagement and also an occasion to argue with G-d over various matters and issues which filled the pages of the Bible. For Millicent attending shul was purely a social thing, like belonging to a country or golf club. Now with the departure of Millicent and others, the attendance of services at the ever-shrinking rainbow synagogue constantly reminded me of my loss of family and friends, and also of the rapidly diminishing status of Jews in the country of my birth. The only family I had were my three daughters, Millicent, her siblings, her parents and her aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces and nephews. The only family I had were Jews. Now they were all in Canada. My extended family by marriage, the Rosens, and also my daughters, my own flesh and blood, the Swifts, who had turned out to be more Rosen than Swift, did not want to be on the wrong side of history. ESKOM’s electrical transmission infrastructure was under constant stress. Law and order could disintegrate very quickly if the economy began to teeter at the brink of imminent collapse. The world, in general, was no longer predictable. Millicent would also remind me: ‘To live a normal and peaceful and fulfilled life there has to be certainty.’ And for there to be certainty there had to be trust. The betrayal of trust was the sure highway to dystopia. Yes, there has to be some degree of day-to-day certainty. And she also reminded me: ‘Only in Western Civilization are human rights sacrosanct and unquestionable as a principle or thesis or philosophy or dogma or doctrine, something to be preserved as a supreme value for its own sake.’ And ironically all libertarian atheists agree unreservedly with this view. It is only the religious, the Right, and the Left, who question this principle. And of course, while liberation wars for decolonization were fought under the banner of human rights, a gross violation of human rights has been the post-colonial reality under the rule of the liberators. Now for many years, embedded in the complex multidimensional niche, which I have occupied as an individual belonging to the species Homo sapiens, contained all the elements that constituted my private life-world. A private life-world of inner or internal spaces, a place which had been created and nurtured and preserved, a place or realm within which the cultural and the ethno-religiosity of white Jewish domesticity would be at home. Also, a space within which my Jewish social and familial networks had become deeply rooted, a space within which these networks had grown and expanded considerably over the years in Johannesburg. All of this was now slowly vanishing with the passing of each day from my life, and the lived realities of my personal world were no longer what they used to be. I felt increasingly estranged, isolated and out of place. Being white in Africa had always been complicated by many factors and variables. Objectively in my mind, I knew that I lived in a vaster universe. Not all whites living in Africa were the same. With exception of the Afrikaners, all other whites in South Africa constituted a diverse and heterogeneous community. The communities to which we belonged have formed our identities. We all shared something in common, it was the mark of Cain, reflecting the work of our deeds. We carried the marks of our complicity and guilt with regard to the perpetuation of apartheid, marks which had become branded into the depths of our souls. As whites, we were all complicit and guilty, and we were also privileged by virtue of being white, and by virtue of being white we have all been perpetrators, active or passive, conscious or unconscious, no one was innocent, all were equally guilty, there were none who are righteous, all have fallen short of glory of the Lord. We were all equally wretched. Only the elect can be saved, but not by their deeds or works, because even their good deeds are shameful, filthy like dirty rags in the eyes of the Lord. This is indeed the paradoxical doctrine of Calvinism. Ironically, the connection of apartheid with Calvinism was a monstrous blasphemy, a theological profanity. Apartheid was a crime against humanity. We were all accomplices with regard to the perpetuation of this crime. This was our objective social, economic and political status, mainly because we benefitted from a crime against humanity. We are thus blameworthy. Blameworthiness defines who we are. My own life, world and identity was also diffused and fragmented and compartmentalized and conflicted and contradictory. I had also lived in a bubble. In this sense, I was a typical white person. My life was also compartmentalized or divided up into many spaces, and places of occupancy with regard to science, family, friendships, politics, economics, religion, culture, and ethnic affiliation especially with regard to becoming Jewish. I was ‘religious’. I believed in G-d.  I was also a scientist. I identified myself first and foremost as a scientist. I liked to believe that it was this that primarily defined me as a person. Yet I was a divided being. I was schizophrenic. I was also a husband and a father. And then there was this prevailing and all-encompassing Jewish dimension to my life. In everyday life, I constantly and self-consciously perceived my Jewishness and Judaism as transcending whiteness and not being something that could be reduced to whiteness. Historically Jews have been in many instances excluded from the prevailing ocean of whiteness within Europeanized or Westernized countries including the US. We have been an oppressed minority. I was also affected by my dad and mom. They had removed themselves, emotionally and psychologically and socially and politically from the white world of South Africanness. They had created their own bubble in which they lived out their lives. They had definitely estranged themselves from the world of white South Africa. They had cut themselves off. They were not patriotic. But I was different. I did not cut myself off from the world of white South Africa. It still remained a world in which I was at home. Being white was something that came naturally to me. I was perceived as a white person. I was aware of this. It did not worry me. Being white was something you could not easily unlearn.



Chapter Twelve

1.
And we lived in Mondeor, in the South of Jo’burg, our lives became entangled with the people, memories, history, streets, spaces and places of the old Southern Suburbs of Jo’burg: Booysens, Southdale, Robertsham, Haddon, Forest Hill, Turffontein, Kenilworth, Rosettenville, The Hill, and Townsview. We lived on the wrong side of the mining belt. And we mingled with the ‘Mutants’ of the South when we had to do the necessary shopping as a family. Millicent born and bred in the South was the one who ironically referred to the whites of the Southern Suburbs as the Mutants of the South. The Mutants of the South were members of a heterogeneous and multilingual white community of Afrikaners, English speakers of British descent, Lebanese, Syrians, Portuguese, Greeks, Italians and a small shrinking Jewish community originally from Poland, Lithuania and other Eastern European countries. Not all the whites of the South were politically conservative; many in fact did not support apartheid. In comparison to the whites living in the Northern suburb of Jo’burg, who I disparagingly referred to as the ‘beautiful people’, the Southerners were Mutants because they were ‘racially’, ethnically and culturally different. And they behaved differently, they looked different and they spoke differently. While they were more often of Greek Orthodox or Catholic or Maronite religious persuasions, rather belonging to one of the traditional Protestant churches, their distinctive Mediterranean flavoured Europeanness or their distinctive Middle Easternness destabilized and clashed with the prevailing official white South African meta-narratives of race, ethnicities, religion, origins and identities. Many of them looked different because they were not fair or Nordic. Many had the touch of the North African tar brush in their complexions. This racial admixture was more substantial than merely imaginary. For many of them, whiteness was something to be won. Their claims to their whiteness were mainly motivated to escape social, economic and political exclusion and discrimination. As a minority, they were vulnerable. Their identities were fragile and often indeterminate, their situation desperate, and their status unpredictable. Depending on the way the wind blows, the politics of white Afrikaner nationalism placed their tenuously conferred white status under constant existential threat. With regard to my own parents, the same shadow fell heavily on our home. My mom’s fear was that her status of whiteness could be reversed at the whim of bureaucratic fiat. Many of these families in the South would have experienced something akin to my mom’s experiences regarding their motives for their ‘non-racist’ efforts to remain classified as whites purely for the sake of the survival of their families. This anxiety had made a deep impact on their self-perceptions, and even left indelible emotional scars on their psyches, especially with regard to the older generations who came to South Africa following the discovery of diamonds and gold. Contrary to the US, the South African narrative of being white in the antipodal world of the Southern Hemisphere cannot be simplistically reduced or distilled to a single monologic or monophonic voice that speaks universally or essentially on behalf of all whites whatever their ancestral descent. The white narratives regarding the nature of Western Civilization and the place of whites in South Africa have always been polyphonic, embodying multiple voices reflecting internal instabilities in the form of variances and dissonances and conflicts and paradoxes and ironies regarding their white identity. White South Africans do not all share the same stereotypical settler or colonial or Western Civilization mythologies and the associated underlying mind-sets, belief, fixations, prejudices, biases, and misconceptions. I need to add that Millicent’s use of the word ‘Mutants’ to describe the white people of the South was meant to be a joke, something to be taken lightly, but I felt uncomfortable with the jestful characterization of the white polyglot assemblage of ethnic minorities as being the Mutants of the South. I knew that in reality and in terms of my own growing self-perception, I too was also one of the Mutants of the South. Becoming a Jew heightened my own sensibility of marginality, fragility, instability and uncertainty that goes with living at the very fringe of acceptability. Being a convert was like being an honorary white whose status could be reversed by the stroke of a pen by those invested with the power to confirm or erase or deny one’s identity. Being Jewish became a personal mission. Becoming a hybrid or a mutant often involves crossing over to the other side. I had crossed over to the other side. The fate of the Jews was my fate, I had chosen that fate. But to return to the theme of this reflection on otherness in the realm of identity being conferred by an external authority, I saw my mother in the swarthy faces of many of the women of Mediterranean origins in the South, and Millicent was blithe to the pigmentation of our own daughters. She was blind to their Mediterranean/African darkness. As I said, she always joked that I was more Jewish than she could ever imagine herself being. But she was unmistakeably Jewish, the subtleties of her Jewishness were innate in her being and personality. I was the mutant, the convert, the hybrid human, the one who had become something else, a deviation from the norm, from the natural, a mutant. This was the underlying subtext, the narrative of my life history. I was the one who wanted to be an albino. And every first Sunday of the new month we would head off to the Steeledale Pick n Pay Hypermarket in South Hills, located in what used to be a white working-class suburb in the South of Johannesburg. Millicent would have preferred to shop at the Pick n Pay in Norwood or at Eastgate. When we first moved to the South from Bellevue it was convenient to do grocery shopping at Southdale Checkers, and then we switched to the new Pick n Pay in Ormonde, before the Gold Reef Casino and theme park was built, and then we found Ridgeway Checkers conveniently close,  and then after South Gate Mall was built, we switched to the Pick n Pay at the Mall, which was just up the road, but eventually Steeledale Pick n Pay became the preferred grocery shopping destination, mainly because it was still new, not too far, and had a greater range of merchandise. 
2. 
And Millicent regularly entertained her important friends, clients and business associates at our home. She would act out the role of the Jewish salonnières. Our saloon evenings were always memorial occasions. Adjoining our dining room by way of an archway was an intimate and elegant polished rosewood cladded pub and behind the bar at one end was a wooden staircase that went down into an underground cellar in which Millicent stored a massive and magnificent collection of wines and spirits. Dinners were genuinely sparkling occasions. Occasions during which we delved into topics which were usually the specialized purview of those with a tertiary education or who were intellectuals or who were members of the literati. And as Jews, the topic of conversation often drifted onto the subject of money and the making of money. Of course, not to be outdone, I posed the question: ‘What is money and what determines its value.’ Where does money come from? Literally, it is simply printed, and when printed, it is printed in amounts with values that are determined by an inexplicable and mysterious monetary alchemy boarding on magic. Marx conceptualized money as being an integral component of the political economy of capitalism. According to both Marx and Schumpeter, a theory of money implies a theory of the economic processes that ultimately revolves around the creation and accumulation of money. Like Schumpeter, Marx’s monetary theory was also based on capital accumulation expressed in terms of money, a process in which he represented in the following simple formulae M-C-M or C-M-C where C is capital and M is money. The formula defines the ultimate purpose of capitalism as the accumulation of money or capital for its own sake. It was at one of those memorial dinner parties shortly after the 2008 financial meltdown that I first learnt what kind of thing a derivative was. There are many different kinds of derivatives. Briefly, a derivative is a financial security the value of which is derived from or dependent on an underlying asset that could be stocks, shares, bonds, debts, commodities, currencies, interest rates and market indexes all of which can be bought through brokerages. Ultimately, derivatives can be monetized or converted into money.
3.
On the Sunday shopping journey to Steeledale Pick n Pay, we took the winding Rifle Range Road from Columbine Avenue via Klipriviersberg Road. Anyone who knows the deep South of Jo’burg will know that Rifle Range Road, which runs parallel to the Black Reef outcrop merges seamlessly into Verona Road, and Verona merges seamlessly into South Rand Road, and this seamless merging of Southern Suburb roads took us down dale and uphill through the Southern Suburbs and across a topography of high rocky ridges and deep forested valleys, the surviving remnants of a geological legacy of eroded highlands, swelling deltas, brim-full inland seas and the  greatest ever meteorite collision with planet earth in the depths of time before the continents of Pangea had separated. As I have already mentioned elsewhere: On the South Rand Road, a road which runs along the top of the elevated crest of an ancient rocky ridge, there stood mid-way between the borders of Linmeyer and South Hills, on the north side of the road, a landmark in the form of a water tower or water reservoir. This landmark structure was often referred to as the ‘Silver Ball’ or ‘Onion’. From the elevated vantage point on the crest of this rocky ridge, where the silver water tower stood,  one could pull off the road and park next to the tower, get out of the car and view the topographical scar left behind by the mine-belt, lying below in a wide shallow valley flanked by high rocky ridges. This topological feature, a scarification or injury imposed on a once pristine landscape, transforming it into a windblown dusty toxic wasteland comprised of exhausted and abandoned gold mining works, forms a buffer zone, which separates the Southern Suburbs from the Northern Suburbs of Jo’burg. 
4.
Topography and topos and the poetics of topology or topo-poetics comes to mind when one struggles to give words and voice which can succeed in communicating the dramatic scale of man-made disturbances and violence which have become indelibly inscribed on this ancient landscape over such a brief period of time. The word heterochronotopia springs once more to the mind when one surveys the extensive urbanscape created by the mine-belt stretching from Springs and Nigel in the east to Carletonville in the west. It all happened in less than the threescore and ten years, a time interval corresponding to the Biblical life span. The belt of mining works with their headgears, vertical shafts, crusher stations, gold reduction and refinery works, mine dumps and slime dams stretching from the east to the west which has laid to waste a once pristine landscape. The wasteland cradled in the hollow below incorporates the following historical gold mines: City Deep, South City, Geldenhuis Deep, Jumpers, Glen deep, New Heriot, South Rose Deep, Rand Victoria Mines, Rand Victoria East, Jupiter, Nourse Mines, New Goch Mines, Wolhuter, Meyer and Suburban, Turf mines, Village Main Reef and Village Deep, Wolhunter, Deep Ferreira Deep, Robinson G.M. Co, Crown Mines, Langlaagte Consolidated Mines, Simmer and Jack West. All that remains of a once-thriving gold-mining industry is this ravished corpse of a dystopian landscape, which has been mined to exhaustion, leaving behind a toxic radioactive wasteland, which carves Jo’burg into two halves, separating the low-class white southern suburbs from the beautiful upper class white people living in the leafy northern suburbs. This section of the mining-belt which incorporated some of the world’s richest goldfields also forms the southern edge of the inner-city of Jo’burg. Jo’burg must be the only city in the world that has mushroomed in the twinkling of an eye out of the dust and dirt due to nothing else more noteworthy and desolate than its contingent physical proximity to the world’s richest goldfield, also known as the golden arc. The existence of Jo’burg and its goldfields are due to nothing more than geological contingencies in the earth’s crust and mantle, and a rare cosmological accident, and also not to forget the processes of thermonucleosynthesis in dying stars resulting in the creation of the elements of the Periodic Table including the gold which made Jo’burg so rich, and the uranium now slowly decaying in its toxic wastelands. And let’s not forget that there would no Jo’burg if it were not for supernovas and the gravitation collapse of the gigantic spinning nebula of stardust, resulting in the formation of solar systems including ours. And so our spinning earth orbits the sun, giving us our daily diurnal cycle of night and day, with its sunrises and sunsets, and the seasons, winter, spring, summer and autumn, and the swallows, swifts and bats, whose migrations mark the beginning of spring and the end of autumn. 
5.
In the end gravity and the Jews created Jo’burg. In fact, instead of being a city founded on the banks of some great river or on the shores of some natural harbour at the nexus of converging ancient trade routes, Jo’burg lies on the edge of a gold-bearing reef of conglomerate rock that became known as the Main Reef. The southern boundary of the inner city once literally hugged a string of mine headgears and vertical shafts. Only a narrow black ribbon called the Main Reef Road separated the inner city from the mines. The Main Reef Road traces from east to west the spatial outline of the goldfield. Alongside the Main Reef Road runs a railway line, which connects the inner-city of Jo’burg with the towns which sprung up next to the towering steel headgears and the deep vertical mineshafts of goldmines that dotted the urbanscape of the East and West Rand. Space, place, roads, railway lines, towns, cities, mine headgears, mineshafts, mine dumps, slime dams, gold reduction works, toxic lakes and ponds, polluted streams, sprawling wetlands, rocky ridges and grassy plains, a veritable topological symphony of features, orchestrating the visual prose of Jo’burg and the Witwatersrand, and I struggle to finds words to give voice and writing to this visual impact, to the moods it invokes and to the layers of memories which time has sedimented in our collective conscious. What do I see and feel? What do I remember? I see that the string of goldmines with their mine dumps which I once viewed from the train windows as a child and teenager are now all gone. The majority of steel headgears have been stripped from the landscape and the mine dumps have disappeared. They have been reworked for the extraction of residual gold and uranium. The only mine tailings and spoils which remain as material or monumental testimony of a once flourishing gold-mining industry are the colossal hard immobile white incrusted geometrical shapes of slime dumps which used to be slime dams, constructed as gigantic reservoirs for the containment of the radioactive and heavy metal contaminated sludge water. Over time, the toxic water drained away from the slime dams seeping into the surrounding soils, streams, wetlands and townships of the Coloureds, Indians and Blacks in the south of Jo’burg. Radioactive acid mine drainage also continues to decant from the abandoned mine shafts into the urbanscape of the southern suburbs and river catchments on the southern escarpment of the Witwatersrand poisoning fish, birds and mammals.
6.
To repeat, to revisit and to recount once more: Millicent would always get impatient when I suggested that we stop on the way to the Pick n Pay at Steeledale to gaze down, in deep meditative contemplation, from the inclined summit of an outcrop of sedimentary rock which sinks like a sinking ship southwards, striking downwards into the ancient depths of the earth’s crust. From the summit of this outcrop of rock, one is presented with an unobstructed eagle’s eye view of an expansive vista of a desolate, broken and devastated ‘goldminingscape’. Of course, while the girls were in primary school at the time and they too would also want to have just one more look, to stare down with their father just once more at this abysmal wasteland, this graveyard of abandoned mining works, which gave birth to Jo’burg and South Africa. From our vantage point, we took in the enormity of a man-made geographical spectacle of ruination imprinted over time on space and place. Now fixed and frozen in our memories. Space and place are different. Space seems to be undifferentiated and limitless as we turn our gaze away to the heavens or to the horizon beyond. Place is space that has become differentiated, limited, bounded, stratified, enclosed, fixed, immobilized, sculptured, imprinted, stamped, worked, inscribed, and over-layered and saturated with experiences, work, significance, meaning, mood and memory. Space as place becomes visual prose, which finds its meaning and significance in word and thought and memory and in the constant work of the poetics of cartography. To the gazing eye, the vast scene stretched out below us is more than a spatial field of vision. The terrain, which lays spread out before us, presents itself as an artefactual document, whose non-verbal textuality can now only be deciphered through various kinds of reading, readings which entail multi-layered genealogical and archaeological and geological excavations. All living memory of what it once was like, in space and time, and what it must have felt like to be there then, have now faded away. We are motivated to believe that it is through memory that the past lives on in the present. We are motivated to believe in the value of memory, especially the truth value of memory. There are truths embodied in memories ‘of what it was like then’. What it must have been like to be there during those times, we can now only recover in our imaginations. The once iconic topography of the original ‘minescape’ cluttered with its towering steel headgears and strings of colossal yellowish pyramidal-shaped dumps of finely milled and chemically processed ore have all but vanished from sight. Now we cannot even begin to visualize the ‘minescape’ as it once was. The afterlife of the Witwatersrand minescape exists now only as something in memories, dreams, film, photographs and paintings. Following the exhaustion of the goldfields all that remains, in a physical or material form, are the palimpsestic relics, which persist as sediments and ruins, fading signatures of a once flourishing industry, which the corrosion of time has now erased beyond recognition, and has smothered beneath layers of urbanization. However, in abandoned spaces and places, its surviving ruins and artefacts are still visible, like the rusting wrecks of beached ships. Such spaces and places still exist in the southernmost outskirts of the inner-city, on the perimeters of the industrial suburbs of Booysens or Ophirton or Wemmer or Village Main or along Booysens Road or Eloff Street extension, there they haunt the weed-infested wedges of unusable and abandoned mine land, there they now linger without any purpose or prospect, as ghosts from the past. There is indeed a futility in naming and re-naming of space and place. Nothing can ultimately be reclaimed from the past by a name. The past has been already claimed, and has been inscribed indelibly and cannot be changed, the past is owned by those who conquered it. It cannot be reconquered. Transfer of real ownership has been deferred forever. The marks inscribed by the pioneer and the frontiersmen now lie indelibly written into the very fabric of the landscape, which was once viewed as the blank slate of Terra Nullius. The geologist, the archaeologist, the historian and the genealogist, motivated by curiosity and a need to know will continue to be interested in reconstructing that past and revising their perceptions regarding the nature of that past. Future generations may have their own reasons for forgetting that past. They may not wish to concede the true nature of the past to the narratives of its reconstruction or revisions. What is the true nature of that past and how has it shaped the future?
7.
The word ‘concede’ is important, because it is both political and humiliating. Like all conquerors, what the invaders, occupiers, settlers and colonialists did remains integrally and intrinsically and causally part of the ‘natural history’ and ‘ordering’ of time, space and a place on this planet, even as to what happened afterwards. It ‘is’ always on what happened before that the future supervenes. It is the ‘isness’ of the past on which the future supervenes. Meaning supervenes on being. Truth supervenes on being. What happens afterward is always characterised by betrayal, disappointment, failure and repetitions. To the mind of the invaders, conquerors, occupiers, settlers and colonialists, space and place existed as a blank slate to be inscribed with their civilization through cartography, construction and industry. The cartography cannot be easily erased. With the passing of the conquerors, invaders, settlers and colonialists the nameless places of ruination and dereliction in abandoned and desolate and toxic spaces still possess the power to stir up wonder, curiosity, and also images of remembrance and recollections. How did it all this happen, this man-modified landscape with its roads, rail lines, towns, cities and ruins? Yes in Jo’burg we live among ruins, we live in the presence of the past. History has imprinted itself on the once pristine and undisturbed Highveld landscape, on its ridges and grassy plains. The ruins persist for a time. They persist as question marks. But eventually, nature will reabsorb the built environment and in the fullness of time, it will all vanish. How could Jo’burg have possibly happened in the fullness of time and how will its passing away into ruin and dereliction also inevitably occur in the fullness of its time, a passing of times which brings the fullness of time to bear on the present as we find it laid out before us. And I played music from yesteryear via blue tooth from my cell phone. ‘It is a strange world we are living in Master Jack…’ And from the playlist The Tremeloes blared ‘Here Comes My Baby’ (1967). ‘Aw dad this is so old-fashioned…do we really have to listen to this…’ my daughters wailed in unison. And then as we drove across Mandela Bridge…we had to listen to ‘Them Here Comes The Night’ (1965). Music that reached the tops of the hit parade before I was born, music that my mom and dad listened to when I was conceived. And a few blocks away lay the historical precinct of the Newtown Fresh Produce Market which the Jews of Jo’burg once controlled. 
8.
With regard to our journeys to school and university from the South of Jo’burg you need to read (or hear) the whole story. During their high school years, I dropped my daughters off at Damelin College in Braamfontein. Every morning it was a struggle to get going and usually when we were finally all ready for school and work it was too late to use the M1 north via the congested Crown Interchange to get to Braamfontein and so with the aid of the GPS we would seek the quickest alternative back routes and rat runs. So most mornings we drove along routes that took us through the back streets of Booysens and Ophirton. Here would be an example of a GPS directed back route journey: Passing the Booysens Hotel and Robot Hardware Store in Booysens Road we would turn left into a back street called Lake Street, which formed the western border of Ophirton, an old industrial township, which was on the right side of the road and on the left there would be degraded and abandoned mining land. At the T-junction, we would turn left into Treu Road that curved and snaked through weed-infested ruin-filled disused derelict mining land. The M1 highway at the Crown Interchange passed over Treu Road, which continued to snake and wind until it made an intersection at the robots with Main Reef Road. We would turn right into Main Reef Road, heading now eastward towards the inner-city of Johannesburg, however at the second intersection we would turn left into Central Road which took us through Fordsburg, and after six blocks we would cross the intersection with Main Road once more (now called Albertina Sisulu Road). To the right going eastward, the original Main Road ran towards the inner-city to become Market Street (now also called Albertina Sisulu Road). We would cross Main Road and drive until Central Road made a T- junction with Carr Street, turning right into Carr Street and travelling eastwards under the double-decker M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway into Newtown. On the right would be the old abandoned Premier Milling factory and on the left would be the railway lines. At the intersection with Ntemi Pilliso Street (originally Ussher Street) we would turn left taking the Nelson Mandela Bridge across the railway lines into Braamfontein. I won’t bore you will all the different back route permutations we took. However, the fact that we had endured a daily gladiatorial ordeal of fighting our way along the different back street journeys to school or to Wits in which we had to also contend with minibus taxis, the question which often arose was: ‘Why can’t we move to a nice Jewish suburb in the North closer to Wits.’ I tried to explain that we actually live only 15 km from school or Wits and if we left home earlier each morning and took the M1 North via the Crown Interchange when it was not congested, it would take us between 10 and 15 minutes to reach to our destination. This counter-argument always fell on deaf ears. Let it be known, I was indeed aggressively and proudly Jewish, and in principle, I agreed that it would be nice to live in a Jewish suburb, but the South was not really non-Jewish, how could it be if Jews had played a prominent role in building the Southern Suburbs, take Rosettenville as a good example for instance. In fact, the whole of Jo’burg was built by Jews, so at whatever locale you happened to find yourself in Jo’burg, somehow it will be marked with a Jewish imprint. Having made our home in the Southern Suburbs of Jo’burg I had familiarized myself with the history of the Jews in the Southern Suburbs, and I explained to them that the Jews actually have very deep roots in the South. Of course, I knew all the Jews who were still in the South and I knew the history of the Jews in the South. I had made it my business to develop an encyclopaedic knowledge of the history of Jewry not only of South but also of Jo’burg. Not many Jews knew as much as I knew about the history of the Jews of Jo’burg. Millicent found my Jewish pride offensive and vulgar and reactionary. Historically the Jews who settled in Johannesburg could be conveniently divided into six groups on a geographical basis by suburbs: 1. Doornfontein, Bertrams and Jeppe, 2. Mayfair, Braamfontein, Bezuidenhout Valley, Hospital Hill and Rosettenville, 3. Yeoville, Berea, Kensington, Belgravia, Bellevue, Orange Grove and Hillbrow, 4. Parktown, Houghton, Observatory, Parkview, Saxonwold, 5. Inner-City of Jo’burg. Millicent’s family came from Rosettenville. Failure and falling into obscurity…let’s not go there.
10.
From a Heideggerian perspective, the roads, highways, the on and off-ramps, the railway lines, the mine dumps, the bridges, the fly-over, the subways, the old goldmine headgears, the abandoned mineshafts, the factories, the inner-city, the peripheral townships of City Deep, Malvern and Kensington, which now exist as a complex of interrelated assemblages filling the shallow valley lying between the two topographical ridges, gathering the surrounding spatial landscape into a place, thereby producing space, bringing space into Being. The man fabricated assemblages in the form of roads and bridges and railway lines and buildings gather, weave, and interconnect the space into a place. The space is woven into place. The reverse is also true. The fabric of space can be scattered, shattered, unwoven, dispersed, disassembled and disaggregated in the destruction of placenesss. The word ‘topo’ comes from the Greek word ‘topos’ (τόπος) for place and poetics comes from the Greek word ‘poiesis’ (ποίησις) which stands for making. So ‘topo-poetics’ means ‘place-making’. The word ‘topos’ as used by Aristotle means bringing places or world into being. Rhetorically topos is linked to the world through the art of remembering long lists of things by virtue of being able to locate their places in space. Rhetorically topos links memory of the things by assigning a place of location for the thing. The concept of topos can be expanded further with regard to the meaning of topology and topological and topographical in relation to place. The topological from a Heideggerian perspective refers to the relation between place and being, where Being or Dasein means ‘being there’. Being is always placed in a place, which is the ‘thereness’ of being. And to be placed in a place is to ‘dwell’. So dwelling involves making a home in the world. Dwelling involves building and building involves the creation of place. The meaning and significance of building and dwelling involves something called topo-poetics, where topo-poetics is place making. Poetry is a kind of building and dwelling. Prose is also a kind of building and dwelling. So we can talk about the poetics of place and also the prose of place. In a sense, both colonization and de-colonization are forms of topo-poetics involving not only building and dwelling, or the making or destruction of place, but also the converting of space into place through the naming of place and the remembrance of place, as a place of dwelling in the pregnant fullness of dwelling, as being in a house or at home, in a state of well-being. A home is central to the narrative of human life. A home is a place of abode. A person suffering from dementia in a facility for the frail care of the aged speaks constantly of going home, the suitcase is already packed, and it stands next to the door of the room. The place is perceived as a hotel and the person suffering from dementia waits in perpetual readiness to take up the case, step through door, and go home, leaving the place of the hotel behind. Heidegger: We attain to dwelling only by building. The dwelling or house that Heidegger was referring to was a rude hut of timber walls with a shingle-pitched roof, a mountain cabin. Wittgenstein also had a thing about huts or cabins. Gazing across the belt of mine wasteland, which cuts Jo’burg into southern and northern halves we can see in the distance the industrial township of Benrose, the George Goch Hostels the home of black migrant workers, the railway lines, the working-class suburb of Malvern and the Kensington Koppies. The musician Johnny Clegg was a frequent visitor of George Goch Hostels whose lodgers were Zulu migrant workers from rural Natal. He was a member of one the George Goch Hostel Zulu dance teams. In a sense, George Goch was a place of significance to Johnny Clegg. It was also a home to him. 
11.
In the 1990s, all our weekend shopping centres or malls fell within the broader perimeter of the Southern urbanscape of Jo’burg, which historically and geographically constituted the Old South and the New South. The suburbs of the Old South included Ophirton, Booysens, Robertsham, Southdale, Haddon, Turffontein, La Rochelle, Rosettenville, Regent’s Park, Kenilworth, The Hill, Townsview and South Hills. The later proclamation of Ridgeway, Winchester Hills, Oakdene, Linmeyer, Mondeor, Allan Manor, Meredale, Naturena, Kibler Park, Suideroord, Glenanda, Glenvista, Mulbarton and Bassonia resulted in the creation of the post-1960s New South urbanscape among the scenic rocky hills and valleys in the southern-most reaches of the Johannesburg municipal boundaries. Twice a month on Sundays while Millicent and our daughters trekked from the South to the North of Jo’burg to Rosebank Mall or Sandton City to shop, a bunch of us Jews, all senior professors from the Schools of Philosophy, English, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, Political Science, Economics and Psychiatry at Wits University would either go birding or hiking through the Klipriviersberg Nature Reserve for the day. We were an all-male club, long-standing friends, serving on the same university committees and members of Senate at Wits. Our daughters went to a Yeshiva Primary School, however, they all completed their high schooling at Damelin College, which had conveniently relocated to Braamfontein and was within walking distance to Wits. As children they were cheeky and intellectually precocious, taking in anything and everything which Millicent or I mentioned or spoke about, whether it was funny or serious stuff, they would embellish it, and often make it boomerang back on us. In the early days, Millicent kept on reminding the three girls that we were actually very poor: ‘Don’t overfill the bath, don’t leave your bedroom light on when you not in your room, don’t leave the fridge door open, don’t leave the TV on when you not watching a programme.’ Of course, they didn’t actually believe that we were really as poor as Millicent was making out. As I have already mentioned, in the early days, every first Sunday of the new month we would head off to the Pick n Pay Steeledale Hypermarket in South Hills, located in what used to be a working-class suburb in the south of Johannesburg. As I said, Millicent would have preferred to shop at the Pick n Pay n Norwood or Eastgate, however, it turned out more convenient to do grocery shopping first at Ormonde Pick n Pay, then at Southdale Checkers, then at Ridgeway Checkers and then at South Gate Pick n Pay, but eventually Steeledale Pick n Pay became the preferred grocery shopping destination, mainly because it was still new, not too far, and had a greater range of merchandise. In the 1990s, all of these shopping centres still fell within the broader perimeter of the southern urbanscape of Jo’burg, which historically and geographically constituted the Old South and the New South. The suburbs of the Old South include Booysens, Robertsham, Southdale, Haddon, Turffontein, La Rochelle, Rosettenville, Regent’s Park, Kenilworth, The Hill, Townsview and South Hills. The New South emerged among the rocky hills, ridges and valleys following the proclamation of Ridgeway, Winchester Hills, Linmeyer, Mondeor, Oakdene, Glenvista, Mulbarton and Bassonia.



Chapter Thirteen

1.
Back to the future, it is the year of the pandemic, 2020: We cannot predict the many forks in the road regarding the journey of life: How did we end up taking the fork in the road that ended in divorce? From the beginning, our divorce was the most unlikely event. Our life together approached perfection. As the saying goes, life just happens, but not necessarily in the ways, we desire or wish. Our divorce was not pre-ordained. It turned on the issue of should we stay or should we go? In board outline, the events that eventually led to our amicable divorce began as follows. We had barely got back from Canada following the bris of our grandson, when Millicent after a midnight Zoom conference with our daughter Veronica, decided that Veronica needed her now more than ever. Veronica and Phillip, her husband, had decided to separate. The news of the separation comes as a shock to us. While we were with them in Vancouver, everything seemed to be going fine with their marriage. Under the circumstances, it was clear that Veronica could not simultaneously manage all the conflicting demands of her career as a neurologist and at the same time take proper care of the needs of her young family, her infant son, and two-year-old daughter. Millicent decided she had no option but to return to Canada permanently as soon as she had sorted out her business affairs. For Millicent, it became an unavoidable decision forced upon her by changing global and local circumstances. There was also the rising tide of uncertainty not only in South Africa but also in the rest of the world. The world was changing in unexpected ways. It was no longer the post-1989 world of optimism. It was now the post-2008 world of pessimism. There were tensions and uncertainties wherever one looked. There was the ratcheting-up of trade tensions between the USA and China. And then there were the sporadic flare-ups triggered by unresolved territorial disputes between India and China. And of course, there was the mess in the Middle East and Iran. And what about all the other unforeseeable threats, man-made or natural? In South Africa, given the present climate of pessimism regarding the state of the nation, one could easily fall prey to believing that if the current irrational economic and political machinations continue unchecked the country was going to be pushed over the brink. Millicent was not someone given to over-exaggerated, but for her the haunting shadow of annihilation, which has always loomed large over South Africa, since forever, was now drawing increasingly closer, appearing darker, ominous and threatening. One could not predict the future. However, for Millicent, it was filled with the menace and malevolence of nationalism. The infinity of negative adjectives qualifying the nature of the future for South Africa was all applicable in Millicent’s mind, and need I remind you dear reader that I love using strings of adjectives to heighten the dramatic, and why shouldn’t I, so here it goes, the future appears to be ominous, threatening, menacing, alarming, frightening, terrifying, worrying, portentous, gloomy, unpromising, and so on and so forth. Sounds apocalyptic? Yes indeed! So there was a reason for her fears and despair. In fact, there were multiple reasons for her despair, and they all sprung from one source. The roots of her despair were the apparent reign of irrationality not just in South Africa but also everywhere in the world. Reason was evidently absent in the working of its magic when it came to the unravelling of history. If we could lay open the whole of recent human history in plain sight, we would be able to see the fine lacework of its indeterminable patterns, a fabric woven from the infinite forking of roads, the weave of its tapestry a meaningless splitting of everything into its negating opposites, and in this churning cauldron of multiple alternatives, an infinity of possible worlds emerges, all co-existing simultaneously, some actual and real, some virtual, others existing as dreamscapes like this novel, yet all existing. The journey into the future has been painted by the Polish artist Zdzisław Beksiński. In South Africa no specific or preferred future was guaranteed, everything was up for grabs, in a vortex of confusions and chaos and catastrophes and cataclysms and catharsis and catatonics and calamities and crises. Confirming that we inhabited a world not rooted in reason, confirming that the collective human mind had become unhinged from all reason, and if human perception is reality, as the sociologists want us to believe, then whatever is taken to be true should be treated as an illusion. Read on!
2.
How does one overcome one’s despair? Hegel’s entire oeuvre of writings, especially his ‘Phenomenology of Spirit’, was motivated by the singular belief that philosophy can help us overcome our despair. I used to believe that the progress in science and technology could help remove all reasons for despair. Reason was supposedly the bulwark against succumbing to despair. What is despair? It is an incapacitating sense of helplessness. However, there was reason to despair. Reason itself was unveiling, unconcealing, disclosing, thereby making apparent all the grounds and evidence for both fear and despair. Didn’t Millicent say to me: ‘Now is the time to listen to the voice of reason regarding the fate of South Africa?’ What is Reason, where was its power, when will it prevail, could we have faith in Reason? ‘Define Reason for me, show me Reason,’ she once challenged. I said: ‘Reason involves rational and logical deliberation, it involves logical inference such as deductive and inductive inference, and…’  I couldn’t finish, she cut me short. Her point of view: Millicent did not have the time for Reason to manifest its power and to reveal itself in all its divine majesty and magic to all and sundry. Reason was supposed to be the underlying immanent principle governing everything, revealing at every twist and turn the rationality operative within the Universe, and also possessing the power or force which would bring its own invisible history to merge with our visible history, bringing the history of our world to its grateful completion. Question: Does reason have its own history? Is there a teleology or telos of Reason? We believe in the power and force of Reason. Science would not be possible without the force and power of reasoning. If we do not believe in the power of Reason we are doomed. ‘When and where has Reason ever manifested itself in human history?’ she asked. ‘Can we depend on the reasonability of others? No, we can’t! The world does not work that way, we cannot rely on Reason working its way through everyone’s conscious,’ she argued, adamantly on that point. She was right and wrong, we cannot depend on the reasonableness of the others. Yet everything in this world depends on us, and also on what we can do for ourselves. For me, it depends on how we look at the world. She had looked enough; she had looked long and hard! And she did not like what she saw. 
3.
Millicent: ‘There is no end to the growing list of reasons which an intelligent and responsible person can give for wanting to leave this shithole of a country.’ ‘Shithole of a country!’ Her deep anger was unexpected. For Millicent, the country was going down the tube, like the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Mozambique and Zambia and Zimbabwe and Angola and Sudan and Chad and Somalia. ‘What stops us from becoming just another shit hole?’ She asked. Yes. It was true. What was going on in South Africa was completely irrational. The country was not going forwards. It was going backwards, it was in a state of recession, not only an economic recession but a comprehensive, an all-encompassing or an all-embracing regressive recession. In South Africa, things were not looking good. The judge’s exasperated expression, ‘It’s almost as if there was no government,’ at the Commission into state capture, after hearing evidence on the irregular expenditure to the tune of R 20 billion by Prasa officials was actually an understatement. In truth, there was a government, but it had been re-purposed and re-configured and re-structured and transformed to serve other ends, such as the enrichment of a selected political elite, at the expense of the public good. This is what radical economic transformation (RET) really means in practice. It means private accumulation by an entrenched political elite. It means a reversion to the pre-colonial situation – a political economy based on extraction, rents and tribute. This also means that a new class of the ‘complicit perpetrators’ had emerged in the form of a rent-seeking compradorial elite. Rent-seeking, rent-seeking, rent-seeking, yes rent-seeking! There were no other words to describe how the post-colonial political economy works in the Global South. Post-colonialism is equivalent to the dawn of a rent-seeking universe. Here comes the night. Post-colonialism is the time of eating. What is so wrong with me? I see everything through Millicent's eyes. Here comes the night. 
4.
The ancient Greeks had two words for time, ‘chronos’ and ‘kairos’, the former relating to chronological time in terms of the ordered or sequential succession of events and the latter relating to ‘the arrival of an opportune moment’. ‘It is now our turn to eat!’ These words announce the arrival of an opportune moment. They also represent the kinds of words that would typify the hymn celebrating the dawn of a post-colonial dispensation, following the arrival of ‘independence’. Yes, ‘independence’! The meaning of the word is entangled with the idea of the colonial idea of ‘post-infantilism’. With regard to the post-colonial transition to ‘independence’ the ‘time of eating’ usually marks the arrival of the ‘opportune moment’ or kairos of patronage and clientelism. It thus also marks the moment of diremption. Diremption means tearing asunder, a forcible separation or a ripping apart. The opportune moment also gives rise to its own negation. A negation in the form of a splitting or differentiation, a dialectical negation, if you reading Hegel. What is the dialectical negation? It comes with the arrival of the opportune moment, which gives birth to the compradorial bourgeoisie. And the birth of the compradorial bourgeoisie is coupled to the creation of its opposite in the form of the passive and disempowered masses. A fission occurs, separating those who will eat from those who will end up having nothing to eat. This the irony of negative dialectic of the ‘post-infantilism’ of colonial ‘independence’. Instead, it marks the time of the infantilism of the Big Man, the Great Leader, Liberation Hero or the Struggle Icon. It is our time to eat. It is our time to suck from the breast. During the time of eating the taxpayers’ money and the natural resources of the country are stolen and squandered with impunity by those who are members the political elite. And the poor starve. They have got the vote. They are the voters. But they cannot eat the vote. For their vote, they get a T-shirt, maybe some KFC, and maybe even a plastic football if they were lucky. This is the post-colonization meaning of diremption. This is the event resulting in the creation of two post-colonial classes, the passive majority made up of the impoverished disempowered under-class, and the minority rent-seeking-racketeering-class made up of the empowered political elite. It is only the oligarchs who actually ‘get the vote.’ They are the ones who eat the vote. They are the cannibals. They eat the people. Post-independence is the time of cannibalism, it is the time of voting. Voting time, election time inaugurates their time to eat. They eat the voters. Fanon warned about this. This is Africa, and also Latin America. And it is also happening in South Africa, I am afraid to admit. Welcome to the Global South, the antipode of the Global North. If we have magic realism in Colombia, what do we have in the rest of the Global South? We have the time of eating.
5
I am not finished yet. I am sipping a good whiskey. The sentiments in the refrain: ‘It is now our turn to eat!’ encapsulates the overriding post-colonialism ambitions of the nationalist rent-seeking compradorial deployee or leader or ruler or politician or elite. So what might this refrain really mean or signify in the post-colonial context? Physiologically speaking the need to eat it is one of the most basic drives. However, the phrase ‘our turn to eat’ appears to have nothing to do with liberation or freedom for the masses or democracy or development or the flourishing of life, or the well-being of the masses, instead the ‘our’ in the refrain refers to the post-colonial privileged political elite. It is their turn. It is for them only, and only them, and no one else. What were you thinking it was about? Let the miserable masses wallow in their poverty and sorrow. Having ‘our turn to eat’ seems to be the ultimate raison d'etre for political liberation or winning elections in many third-world countries of the Global South. Access to opportunities for unrestricted conspicuous consumption and accumulation of wealth for its own sake has turned out to be the supreme goal for many of the third-world political elite. But what does the word ‘eating’ really mean in this context? It means the following: To be deployed or to rule or to lead or to represent or to act on behalf of the people, this is what it means to eat. The time of eating also has negative unintended consequences. Firstly, not everyone gets to eat. No, no. Secondly, there is no equality during the time of eating. The time of eating is the ‘opportune moment’. It represents the inauguration of the elite. It is the time of the installation, or the investiture, of the political elite. And as such, it is the time of diremption, the time of forcible separation into the haves (oligarchs) and the have-nots, those who remain impoverished, wallowing in misery, unemployed, and hungry, and having no hope. Zimbabwe, Angola, Mozambique and South Africa are good examples. In the post-colonial time of diremption, not everyone is going to get their fair and equitable portion. Only the few are going to eat. Following the arrival of the opportune moment, there will only be room at the banquet table for the selected few, the political elite. It will be their turn only, not yours, to eat, to devour, to feast, to consume, to plunder, to pillage, to loot, to steal, and ultimately to destroy, to ransack, to lay waste. With the arrival of the opportune moment, the kairos, we see the infinitive of the verb in its most violent forms of action and doing. In this context, the word ‘to’, does not function as a preposition. Instead, it functions as the well-known sign of the infinitive. As a preposition the ‘to’ indicates motion or movement towards something or some place. An infinitive as the non-finite form of the verb denotes a state of being, a way of being in the world. The phrase ‘It is now our turn to eat!’ describes a way of being in the world. A state of being which necessarily coincides with a violent fission, a splitting, a differentiation, a separation and a tearing apart. A negation and annihilation always accompanies the dystopian way of being in the world. In this instance, the expansion of the verb ‘to eat’ describes the dystopian subject’s mode of being in the world. The dystopian post-colonial subject is the comprador. It is always a dystopian subject who announces or thinks or feels or believes or acts on the impulse or feels entitled to indulge in this specific kind of eating or feeding which is best described as being engaged in a dissolute, debauched, degenerate, decadent, depraved, and dissipated eating. It is our time to eat!
6.
Dystopian feeding or eating represents the kind of vampiric and parasitic gorging, which occurs within the politically charged, opportunistic, and nihilistic context of ‘It is now our turn to eat!’ It describes a privileged class, the political elite, whose eating is always an enactment of immoral and nihilistic ‘eating’, an eating which represents an extravagant excess of gluttony and greed, a frenzy feeding, an insatiable feeding, an eating which is profoundly ‘complicit’ in the commission of crimes against ‘the people’. It is an eating, which is also complicit in the form of betrayal. Betrayal of trust! Compradorial rent-seeking represents the epitome of dystopian eating, an eating without empathy, an eating without conscience, driven by an insatiable appetite for the material things that political power can buy. Dystopian eating and feasting by the rent-seeking compradorial elite occurs within the time, place and space (heterochronotopia) created by a carnivalesque suspension of their personal commitment to work and civic virtue. It is vampiric or parasitic precisely because it feeds off the sweat and blood of those who are compelled to work for a living. The comprador does not work or labour for neither of these activities feature as an obligation within the time of eating. In the time of eating, the eating is always for free, it has been paid for by others. Expropriation without compensation signals the arrival of the time of eating. Eating is the time of the locust that lays everything to waste. 
7.
In the political realm: to rule, to lead, to represent or to act on behalf of the people, in reality means to instantiate or bring into existence or being, a division or separation or disjunction or binary or dichotomy, or in other words a diremption, between the leader(s) and the led who happen to be the powerless and passive people. To rule, to lead, to represent, or to act on behalf of the people necessarily entails the creation of a heteronomy. To rule, to lead, to represent or act on behalf of the people coincides with a differentiation in the patterns of eating or feeding, a pattern instantiated by the inauguration of the heteronomy. There are the few that feast while the rest starve. This is the essential nature of the post-colonial phenomenon of diremption under the rule of the Big Man, the Struggle Hero, the Great Freedom Fighter, the Commander in Chief, the Icon, the Homeric Colossal, or the Great Liberator. Nothing has changed. Welcome to the Holocene, welcome to Hillbrow, welcome to the Global South. Welcome to post-colonialism and colonial independence. 
8.
Millicent conceded to my argument that to the rational mind nature appears to be governed by logic and reason. She also conceded to my argument that the ‘world’, which encompasses the realm of human life, has always been governed, since the commencement of the Holocene, by folly, irrationality and greed. She added that this disastrous state of affairs in the world has been brought about by multiple interacting and intermeshing relationships, phenomena, factors and conditions, which include patronage, clientelism, patrimonialism, incompetence, ineptitude, stupidity, folly, malfeasance, corruption, looting, plunder, pillage, theft, fraud and general criminality. This is the essential nature of the World as a space and place where the presence of human life in all its forms, agencies and actions are the dominant feature operative within the planetary environment. She agreed that criminality has become an all-pervasive social phenomenon in the modern world. Criminality has engulfed the World. It has taken on the demonic-like attributes of omnipresence. As an all-pervasive demonic-omnipresence it intrudes into the whole of human life, leaving no dimension of human life untouched. She agreed that the World in which we live, which consists of all the places and spaces, which coincide with or constitute the humanized world, criminality in some form always exists as a constant realizable or material possibility. Existentially, its existence or presence or being is experienced as an indeterminate threat or menace which could be lurking anywhere, laying ready in ambush. It exists in the form of a constant premonition. Apart from other departments of law, she also practiced criminal law, and some of her clients were municipal and government officials who had been charged with criminal complicity in fraud and corruption and racketeering. It was in the course of her work as an attorney, in the inner-city of Jo’burg in the vicinity of the High Courts, that Millicent had also been hijacked twice, and on other occasions, she had been mugged at least three times, again in the vicinity of the courts in the inner-city, and on each of those occasions, she had been robbed of her cell phones. In South Africa, for Millicent, the threat of criminality haunted every facet of human life like an evil spectre. ‘Like an evil spectre’. Those were the exact words, which she used. What made her think like this? It was the experience of life in South Africa projected onto the World at large. South Africa had become an exemplary microcosm of the omnipresence existence of criminality in every dimension of human life. Millicent was an atheist, yet she could entertain the idea that the omni-existence of criminality in every facet of human life was real, menacing and threatening, like a demonic force, like something supernatural. Welcome to the Global South.
9.
She now accepted that there existed a distinct Nature versus World divide or rupture or fission, where the meaning of the word ‘World’ as used in this instance, represents everything which humankind had created, including all the places and spaces which humans occupy, inhabit, use, shape, develop, construct, build, mould and change. However, Nature left to its own devices continues to work everywhere behind our backs, including on us, without us even knowing how the various forces of Nature in the form of natural selection were shaping and moulding the human species into the kind of animal perfectly adapted to a World suffused with criminality. Being acted on by unknown forces behind our backs by an agency beyond our control was indeed our true condition in the Universe. There was no doubting that forces were constantly shaping us to adapt to a World that was being overwhelmed by criminality, in ways that were outside or beyond our conscious awareness or perceptions or imagination. We could be undergoing a process of zombification, losing our minds in a manner similar to what happens to someone suffering from dementia. We could be losing the intelligence that we evolved as a species before the onset of the Holocene. As a species, we may be on the road to extinction. We have no way of knowing how the dialectical tension between Nature and World could end up shaping us as a species or affecting our collective fate. The unravelling of the dialectical tension between Nature and World could be taking ‘place’ within the ‘realm’ where random chance or contingency rules. In this realm where contingency rules there is no Universal History, only a succession of various kinds of heterochronotopia. Ironically, the World that we have made for ourselves may end up changing us through the process of evolution in ways that we cannot predict with certainty. This gives a new meaning to the idea of heterochronotopia. Furthermore, within the framework of their particular metaphysics and knowledge of the biological sciences, Hegel and Marx did not have any idea of how the tension between Nature and World would ultimately unravel with regard to the evolutionary fate of the human species. Both Hegel and Marx, without them possessing any compelling evidence, held to a belief in the metaphysics of Man’s eventual ascent to some apex of glory. Of course, while Marx argued that the material conditions of social life shaped the social consciousness, it was also changing human genetics or the human genome in ways contrary to what Hegel or Marx could have possibly entertained, understood, or even anticipated. It was also clear that Marx, Lenin, Stalin and Mao, or any of the Great Men or Big Men, did not really fully understand the significance of Darwin’s theory of evolution by natural selection. They all entertained a mythological view of the nature of the human species and the fate of humankind.
10.
Millicent had learnt her Darwinian views from me. ‘In the criminal world where everyone is condemned to live out their lives in the theatre of the absurd and irrationality, it will only be zombies or monsters which could evolve out of such a witch’s brew of hopelessness,’ Millicent concluded. ‘Maybe humans as a species will undergo speciation or species radiation, splitting into multiple different kinds of species, each evolving different adaptions along their own lines in response to different world conditions. A new species of humans could emerge perfectly adapted to the irrational dystopian world of criminality which would be a human species completely different to a human species which has become perfectly adapted to a rational world of equality and peace and empathy and conscious and compassion,’ Millicent added. ‘And that is why I want to immigrate to Canada. I don’t my great great grandchildren to evolve into zombies or monsters.’ Listening to Millicent’s interpretation of my science fiction ideas regarding the fate of humanity – I realized that on an evolutionary scale the class struggle will be superseded by a struggle between different humanoids, a struggle not between humans but between post-human ape-like species. The horror! 
10.
According to Millicent, there are only a few places on earth left where human-constructed worlds are currently working in a rational fashion. These places and spaces in time include Canada, New Zealand, Israel, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Netherlands, but definitely not include South Africa, which was rapidly becoming a dystopia. Her constant refrain was: ‘I can no longer feel at home in South Africa.’ My answer: ‘No one can feel at home in a dystopia.’ For her, it was time to move on, time to be on one’s way. Our pleasant stay had come to an end. So to be on the safe side Millicent had already converted all her liquidable assets and investments into Bitcoin and US dollars. Her dollars had been transferred into an off-shore bank account. Money is not only a weapon, it can also be the bridge to a new life, in a new place. It is the key that unlocks doors, opening the gateway for immigration. She was a wealthy woman in her own right and had both the resources and the wherewithal to migrate her wealth into a secure safe haven, safe from thieves, moths and rust. She was not financially dependent on me, nor was I financially dependent on her. We had entered into an antenuptial contract without accrual prior to getting married. It was on my insistence. Her money was her money. As an only child, I became the sole heir of my parent’s estate. I had my own money. Even so, money was not that important to me. Other things were more important to me. If I have to spell them out it will take some doing. I have enough money, but I never really viewed the money as my own, I did not make it by the sweat of my own brow, the money I have was what they call generational wealth. I invested it and it grew into tens of millions over the space of some thirty years. 
11.
And her words ‘I can longer feel at home’ rang in my head. They made me ponder on their profundity. She also said that there are many Hegels, no one knows for sure which one was the right one. That was Millicent for you, her mind was as sharp as a razor. And she asked: ‘Which one have you chosen?’ The Hegel I have chosen is one that fits in with what I know about the nature of reality from a scientific or physicalist or naturalist perspective. According to Hegel, we can only be home in a world that is rational or governed by rationality or Reason. But for Millicent, her home was no longer home. The philosophies of Hegel and Heidegger were in indeed ‘home-coming or home-finding philosophies’. Coming from Millicent, there was a significant echo of nostalgia in her words ‘I can longer feel at home’. Maybe, just maybe the echo of nostalgia also embodies a real desire for evidence of rationality or reason in the World or Universe. Reason and rationality also happen to be the essential operative and determinative ingredients with regard to what constitutes the essential or true nature or ideal nature of reality. And without the presence of this determinative operational dimension of reason and rationality, no place can really feel like home. We experience nostalgia for the familiarity of a place called home. We do not feel at home in a place that has become strange, unreal, absurd, incomprehensible, alien and alienating, or a place where ultimately irrationality reigns supreme, a place from which reason has been exiled. Strangeness, unfamiliarity, incomprehensibility, alienness, but also the presence of menacing or threatening elements, are all dystopic features of a place governed by irrationality and absurdity, and once reason has left such a place, that place ceases to be a home for anyone. It also needs to be borne in mind that the struggle against apartheid was a struggle against a white-created dystopian reality, a struggle also driven by nostalgia for a home, a home which following colonization had been destroyed by the materialization of ideologies of racism and white supremacy. Now it seems to me that that struggle against apartheid has been in vain. For all South Africans, the hope of returning home, back to the home of nostalgia, has been cruelly betrayed. South Africa has become the destination and resting place of tragedy, an unreasonable tragedy, an irrational tragedy. But still, the hope endures that our estrangement from this World can be overcome by making the World conform more satisfactory to the demands or imperatives of reason. Marx interpreted this as requiring that Hegel be made to stand on his feet rather than on his head. Of course, Millicent would have asked: ‘Which Marx of the many kinds of Marx are you talking about.’ Compared to Hegel and Marx there is only one Charles Darwin.



Chapter Fourteen

1.
To remind you, the Holocene represents the current geological epoch. We are now living in that epoch. To give you some idea of chronology, the Holocene began roughly about 12 000 years ago, shortly after the last glacial retreat. Thus, the end of the ice age marked the beginning of the age of social dominance hierarchies, a process that was triggered partly by the sudden (in geological time) proliferation of the human species across the globe. There were other predisposing factors that accompanied the rapid changes in human demography that favoured the formation of hierarchies of social domination. So we can safely associate the emergence of hierarchies with the onset of the Holocene following the end of the ice age. With respect to its etymology the word ‘Holocene’ has been derived from the following two Ancient Greek words: holos (ὅλος) and kainos (καινός). Holos is the Greek word for ‘whole’ or ‘wholly’. And the suffix ‘cene’ which means ‘new’ or ‘recent’ comes from the Greek word kainos. The Holocene thus represents the most recent geological epoch or the ‘wholly new’ age, an age which also coincides roughly with the emergence or transition to what we now refer to as ‘human civilization’ which began roughly 12 000 ago. The emergence of or transition to the Holocene also coincided with the simultaneous global emergence of agriculture. This event is often referred to the Agricultural Revolution, which was triggered or coincided with the domestication of animals and plants, a process that also played a critical role in driving the transition from a nomadic hunter-gatherer lifestyle to a different form of sociality that took shape in response to the social forces which emerged spontaneously within settled or more sedentary populations. The transition from nomadic hunter-gatherer forms of social existence to more sedentary forms of social existence resulted in the formation or emergence of increasingly heteronomous forms or systems of sociality. In contrast to the relatively autonomous forms of sociality, which typified hunter-gatherer societies, heteronomous systems of sociality are necessarily anchored in carceral places and spaces. In sedentary forms of sociality, the communities are subjected to ‘incarceration’ or enclosure or confinement within specified spatial boundaries. They can no longer live or subsist outside the confinement of settled spaces.
2.
Before the Holocene, human civilization as we now understand it did not exist. It was the 19th Century geologist Charles Lyell who first used the word ‘cene’ to distinguish the differences between the sedimentary layers of rock according to the kinds of fossils, which they contained. The chronologically ordered sequence of successive transitions between different ages, eras or epochs can be used as a timeline or clock, where the timeline or clock is broken into determinable or measurable time intervals, in which each age, era or epoch has a definite beginning and end, and the time boundaries between each beginning and each end enclose a specific time duration or time interval. Hence we have a clock for measuring the distance of deep time into the past, geological clock in other words. The units or intervals of time from the past to the present in terms of geological clocks are measured or marked-off in terms of the ages of distinct stratigraphic layers of rock. Geological epochs represent definable or measurable units or intervals of deep geological time. The passage of time from the deep past to the recent present is measured by establishing when each stratigraphic layer of rock was originally formed or successively laid down within the vertical sequence of the different rock layers which make up the crust of the earth. Each rock layer or sedimentary layer represents a stratum, which in turn coincides with a determinable interval of time. The succession of strata making up the vertical sequence stratigraphy provides the geologist or palaeontologist with a chronostratigraphy or geological clock. With respect to the geological clock, the oldest rock layers or rock sequences or rock strata lay at the bottom because they were formed first, and the more recent layers are found towards the top of the vertical sequence stratigraphy because they were formed later. The vertical rock sequence stratigraphy represents a sequential or temporal succession of past geological events. To sum up, we can now look at the interrelationships between some key ideas regarding the nature of space and time within scientific and literary contexts. This is also of central importance to the literary understanding of nostalgia and dystopia, because both concern the nature of time, space and also place, especially in relation to the realization or non-realization of well-being. The ‘chrono’ in chronology or chronostratigraphy or chronotopia or chronotope comes from the Greek word ‘khronos’ meaning time. But there are different kinds of time as we read in the Book of Ecclesiastics. Chronotope is a literary term relating to the emergence of social configurations within space and time, and space is experienced as a heterotopic configuration of places and spaces. Chronotopic re-arrangements or re-configurations become imposed on everything; nothing escapes the effects that the passage of time has on space and place. In time, every place has its narrators. For Zionists like Rafi Langermann, Daryl Longman and myself, Palestine does not exist, it is a fiction, it is a ‘no place’, it was a name which the Romans imposed on space and place at a particular finite time to humiliate the Jews. Since the forced exodus of the Jews from the Promised Land, which was once theirs, the Promise Land ceased to exist, it became frozen in time, an intermission was imposed on the land, an interval during which time or history stood still, waiting for its resumption with the return of the Jews. It did not become terra nullius, instead in the words of Menachem Begin it became terra morata, the land was placed in state of ‘pause’, waiting for its history to re-erupt or resume with the return of the Jews.
3.
The word‘Anthropocene’ has currently become popular as an alternative to the word ‘Holocene’. The word ‘Anthropocene’ which can be interpreted as meaning the ‘new age of the humans’ has been derived from the following Greek etymology: where Anthropos means ‘human’ and once more ‘cene’ from kainos means ‘new. The Anthropocene marks the age in which humans have had the greatest environmental impact on the planet. On the geological timeline or timescale or in terms of a geological chronology we are living in the epoch characterized as the ‘new age’ or the ‘most recent age’ of the humans. So humans as an animal species have transitioned across an epochal threshold. The time of this new age for humans is a particular form of time, which can be counter-posed to the linearity of time in terms of the meaning of the word ‘chronotope’. Which is also the linearity of time-space narration, whether it be written in the novel or in the sequence of rock strata in the stratigraphical column of the earth’s crust. This ‘new age of the humans’ is trapped in a ‘chronotropic time’ which happens to be a cyclical or repetitive or recurrent time exemplified by the beating heart or the pulse. The words ‘chronotope’ and ‘chronotropic’ have different meanings. In this new age of human life, humanity is trapped in a specific kind of chronotropic time, which is a repetitive time, paradigmatically embodied in the reoccurring rise and fall and rise again of the oligarchy. It is also the time of recession. It is time going backwards. It is the time of dystopia, which is recessional. The time of nostalgia is not recessional. The human brain is shrinking, the power of the human mind is diminishing, and the human IQ is falling. Why is this so? Within this new time, chronotropic time growth ceases or recedes. Increased stress is modifying the human phenotype so that it can adapt to the increasing dystopian conditions of human life. Human evolution under natural selection is happening behind our backs. In reality, our bodies are the vehicles of replicators. Richard Dawkins was partially right in his book The Selfish Gene. The recessional phenomenon coinciding with the ‘new age of the humans’ represents the decline of humanity resulting from the recurrent zombification of humans under the regime of the criminalized state.
4.
And now to crown it all, a rapidly spreading contagion in the form of a virus has become a new spectre looming on the horizon. A zoonotic virus that the US president had referred to as the ‘Chinese virus’ seemed to have jumped the species barrier in some wet market in Wuhan City. On the 11th of February 2020, the WHO belatedly declared that the world was in the grip of a pandemic, adding the emerging viral plague to an ever-growing list of global disasters and risks and ills and hazards and follies and threats, which the world had to contend with. As Millicent remarked: ‘The world was becoming an increasingly dangerous and hostile place for human life’. My response: ‘All we needed now was an outbreak of a Sino-America War.’ The possibility of such a major conflagration was increasing, especially with the growing partisanship and meeting of minds between America and India. Both countries share an economic and political interest in putting a lid on China’s ambitions to become the world’s new rising superpower. I agreed with Millicent’s decision. Wise to the ways of the world, she was usually right about most things. She seemed to know how to negotiate her way through the labyrinthic minefield of worldly folly. She was the consummate game player. Able to read the signs of the times she was always five moves ahead. We were both strong-willed individuals. Yet in spite of this we have both enjoyed a long, untroubled and uncomplicated marriage, a marriage built on trust and negotiated compromise. For Millicent the whole of life was about negotiation, and you could only negotiate successful outcomes on the basis of trust and a commitment to obligations. So Millicent was big on the importance and value of trust, and the respecting of obligations. This was the essence of integrity. She had fired personnel for lying. You did not lie to Millicent! I had been brought up not to tell lies. From my parents, I had learnt the value of trust. We only begin to tell lies when there is a lack of trust. I also often reminded Millicent that we invite lies if there is no trust or if one’s labours under assumptions based on ungrounded suspicions. When there is no trust, then fear reigns. If there is trust there will be no lies or fear. Fear is the enemy of trust. One has to be fearless in life. If one is fearless then there is no reason to lie. Fear breeds lies. This is lesson I learnt from my parents and also from Millicent. Millicent was fearless and she never lied about anything. But we had our differences, even irreconcilable differences, differences even over the concept of trust. We agreed that lies were not condonable under any circumstances. Millicent was a lawyer, lies and truth and trust and obligation were her business. We cannot escape our obligations. Trust includes the mutual meeting of obligations or expectations. For example, for Millicent, the value of money, decided by fiat, was based entirely on trust and obligation, and trust was about the fulfilment of obligations, that is obligations based on meeting expectations. Trust could not be disentangled from obligations and expectations. For me, the fact that the value of money was decreed by fiat was incredible, it was hard to believe and accept. Trust was the basis of value! It was the source of all value. A very un-Marxist or un-Leninist or un-Stalinist notion. Under 20th Century socialism, trust did not exist. In fact, lies and falsehoods reigned over truth. Truth was useless to Leninism or Stalinism or Maoism. It has no value to the oligarch especially the Leninism or Maoism forms of a socialist bureaucratic oligarch. Only fear has value to the oligarch. Yet ironically, expectations and obligations featured large in a global economy dependent on the value of fiat money for all of its financial transactions. Everything, including the wealth of nations, was dependent on the currency of trust, trust was the currency not only of business but also of life and politics, trust was the currency with underwrites the value of money and social relationships, trust remains the ultimate collateral or surety, the fortress against the forces of social, economic and political disintegration. So trust is the currency that underwrites all value, in fact, it is the only currency worth anything. The revelation of this incorrigible claim, disclosed by Millicent, had made a deep and abiding impression on me. Millicent was someone who invoked deep and abiding impressions. Trust was the gold standard for measuring all value or worth. And trust without obligations was worthless. Regarding trust Millicent had innumerable stock phrases, often expressed in Yiddish, Eyn oyg hot mer gloybn vi tsvey oyern (trust one eye more than two ears) was one of her favourites. 
5.
Both of us had done what we wanted with our lives, it had been an amicable arrangement that suited both of us. We had both done very well for ourselves as the Jewish saying goes. In our marriage trust ruled supreme. So we had a good marriage. We had agreed from the start to be faithful and caring towards each other. I must repeat, what we had was indeed a very good marriage. I never regretted marrying Millicent. But still, it was a relief for me when Millicent eventually disappeared beyond the check-in threshold for the international departures at O R Tambo on that black Monday, the 16th of March 2020 to be precise. On that day all trust had evaporated as share prices tumbled. Millicent saw it coming. Fortunately, for Millicent, she had already cashed in her chips and had not lost a single cent. As you now know, Millicent was a demanding person, with high expectations. I had done my part, I had fulfilled her expectations. And she had done her part, she had fulfilled my expectations. Before we bid (bade has fallen into disuse and bidden is not recommended) our farewells she strongly recommended that I sell the house before its value shrinks to nothing, and this was a very likely possibility, given the way things were going she added. ‘What about all the other investments we have made with respect to our doomsday prepping?’ I asked. It was your idea she said. ‘Flog the stuff!’ ‘Things are only going to get worse,’ she reminded me. ‘The country is finished! Any fool can see that!’ Coming from Millicent Rosen this was a veiled ultimatum. My wife was a Jew who had done very well for herself and for me as well. And a Jew lives (metaphorically) with the suitcases always packed in readiness to flee at the first sign of danger. I must warn you that Millicent never demonstrated any real concerns for her Jewish ethnic heritage and traditions, yet there was always something remarkably Jewish about Millicent. She thought about most things like a Jew. And by osmosis, living with Millicent, I also began to think in a very Jewish manner about things.



Chapter Fifteen

1.
With regard to my own mother, I was aware of her personal sense of disconnectedness, instability and marginality with regard to her place in the world of South African whiteness. My mother did not live inside the bubble of white South Africa. In her appearance, her manner and her accent, she embodied all the ambiguities of foreignness and strangeness which clings to a person belonging to some other kind of world or country or nationality or even civilization. Where do the mestizas, the assimiladas, in the form of a young self-educated and super intelligent female person fit in? What kind of life could a literate person with aspirations find in a colonial backwater like Beira, who in addition, was not entirely a native or a settler or a colonial? How did she fit into the grand colonial or post-colonial scheme of things? Her disconnection to the world, to everything, in fact, began when she ran away. She went into some kind of internal exile or inner-private exile. It all began when she surreptitiously boarded the train bound for Rhodesia from a railway station in the port city of Beira, Portuguese East Africa. The wider and unintended roles of the railway line in colonialization and in the political economy of colonialism are often overlooked. The same colonial railway system ‘saved’ my mom. It brought my mom and dad together, almost from opposite ends of the universe, from Beira to Boksburg. Rhodes as a great imperialist and rapacious capitalist understood the importance of railway line networks and linkages for the exploitation of native labour and the mineral resources in the southern African colonies of Great Britain, which included South Africa, Bechuanaland, Southern Rhodesia (Matabeleland and Mashonaland) and Northern Rhodesia, and Nyasaland. In 1900, the standard 3-foot 6-inch standard rail line gauge for Africa had been laid between Beira and Umtali (which replaced the original 2-foot gauge line). If it were not for Rhodes’ colonial railway networks, I would not have come into existence. My existence was contingent on Rhodes’ existence. It was contingent on Rhodes’ colonial network of railway lines. If it were not for Rhodes’ existence there would never have been a Robert Mugabe, nor for that matter, would there have been a Nelson Mandela or an Albertina Sisulu or an Oliver Tambo. Their coming into existence was contingent on the prior existence of Rhodes, and on Rhodes’ machinations as a supreme colonialist and imperialist. Rhodes in a real historical sense gave birth to all the Great African Leaders, Freedom Fighters, Struggle Heroes, and Great Liberators, who emerged in the fullness of time in Southern Africa. If it were not for Rhodes’ existence they would have never have been bequeathed a heroic role in African history. They are indeed the birth children of colonial imperialism. It would not be out of order to erect monuments of Rhodes all over Southern Africa to remind us that our Great Heroes owe their historical existence to none other than Cecil John Rhodes. Without colonial imperialism, the Great Modern African Nationalist Struggle Leaders and Liberation Heroes would never have come into existence. All the loot, pillage and plunder flowing into the hands of the post-colonial rent-seeking comprador bourgeoisie became possible in the fullness of time only by virtue of Rhodes’s prior historical existence as an imperialist. All the post-colonial looters, pillagers and plunders are the historical children of Cecil John Rhodes. Is this not an example of the heterochronotopic nature of historical realities in which we discover ourselves? In regard to the historical significance of Rhodes in the shaping of the future, we are confronted with the issue of the bifurcation of the future into alternative possible worlds. Diremption, remember the word. Also in this regard, in connection with the historical existence and the possible historical non-existence of Rhodes, we are confronted with that metaphorical fork in the road which leads to alternative historical realities or alternative possible worlds or alternative futures. The fork in the road can also be viewed as a metaphor for the bifurcation of reality into alternative possible worlds, or even parallel universes if you wish. Anyway expanding on the theme of the forking roads it was Rhodes’ railways or ‘railroads’ that brought modernity to southern Africa, and in a similar fashion, it was the building of the railroads which brought modernity to Russia.
2.
I also need to remind the reader that my father in solidarity with my mother and for other reasons, had also removed himself from the white bubble of contemporary South Africanness which was deeply rooted in the ethos, pathos and mythos of the 1930, 1940s, 1950s, 1960s and 1970s, all which become undone in the wake of the People’s War of the 1980s. My dad belonged to that lost generation of good and exceptional South African white men. Men who were politically on the Left and who had served in the Second World War, and who had also been members of the Springbok Legion. In my nostalgia regarding street names, places and spaces, I was actually searching for that unattainable sense of mood, and milieu, and mind, and presence, which was somehow linked to these now haunted and fading environs, environs that were once inhabited by these men and women, people of my father’s generation, most of whom were Jews. The major of whites who were members of the Communist Party of South Africa (CPSA) were Jews. What does this mean? And in those early years, the dilapidated offices of the Communist Party of South Africa were located at the southernmost end of Von Wielligh Street, which was also the same street where my mom had once worked as a unionized seamstress. Also located at the bottom of von Wielligh Street, in the vicinity of the CPSA Jo’burg headquarters, at the bleak dusty windswept edge of town, within sight of the colossal yellow coloured mine dumps which surrounded the southern perimeters of Jo’burg in those days, were the beer-drinking halls patronized by black workers. I have lost count of how many times I have slowly walked down that street in the year 1990 trying to experience some sense of what it must have felt like for my mother to walk along those pavements among those buildings. Stuck in one of his old photo albums my dad had a membership form of the CPSA. It was not filled in. Why did he not join the CPSA I asked? His reasons: ‘I did not have an outgoing personality, I was shy and socially awkward, and not a good public speaker. I am more of a backroom boy.’ ‘But you could have been a backroom boy in the CPSA. These are precisely the kind of people a Communist Party needs because the backroom is the engine room of the Party,’ was my reply.
3.
In the early 1960s, the Top Star Drive-in was built on top of one of those colossal yellow mine dumps on the southern edge of the inner-city. In the early 1970s when I was still in primary school it was one of the drive-ins that we often went to. In those days, on a Friday or Saturday drive-in night, Kamilla and Alžběta were always invited to come along, anyway it would not have been so exciting without them. Thanks to my dad, we were introduced to the forgotten stereotypical 1950s to early 1960s world of white working-class South Africa through the satirical medium of Jeremy Taylor’s famous lyric ‘Ag pleez Deddy’ (first line: Ag pleez Deddy won't you take us to the drive-in). And for a while, it became a habit for the three of us to sing ‘Ag pleez Deddy’ while driving to the drive-in, with much fun, laughter and gaiety. The Top Star Drive-in from which we enjoyed a panoramic view of the inner-city was part of the magical cultural or mass cultural landscape of our childhood years. We went to every drive-in on the Witwatersrand. Now they exist only as names in our memories. Where I am going with this drive-in cinema insert? Maybe to some readers, it will register as ‘negotiating whiteness’. This is not my intention. In fact, I have no intention to negotiate whiteness. It has become obsolete, dated, redundant and consequently meaningless given the current reversals of roles following the rise of the nationalist rent-seeking comprador bourgeoisie. A new oppressor now occupies centre stage and politically the fetishization of whiteness now serves as a convenient distraction.
4.
And I think of my mother. The world from which she originated was actually rooted in an ancient civilization, in fact in a global civilization that was once economically integrated into what historians have been able to conceptualize in time and space as the great Indian Ocean World (IOW). A world in which a trans-Indian Oceanic maritime economy coexisted and flourished within the vastness of the eastern seaboard of Africa and the Asian continental  land masses which included India and China. The trans-oceanic trade between the tropical eastern seaboard of Africa and South Asia had flourished for centuries, long before the arrival of the Portuguese, French and British colonialists. In fact, the ancient Indian Ocean maritime economy which linked Mesopotamia and Africa with the productive regions of Asia such as India and China was indeed the world’s first globalized economy, an economy based on trade interconnections and networks which stretched over vast distances between various centres of production via long-haul oceanic trade routes. From Salisbury, she travelled by rail southwards via Bulawayo, Gaborone and Kimberley until she reached Johannesburg, where after disembarking she slept on the streets of Jo’burg. This was how she passed her first night in the Union of South Africa. The next day after walking the streets of Jo’burg she eventually found employment as a seamstress at Jaff and Company, a garment factory in a Mediterranean pink building on the corner of Von Wielligh and President Street. One of the seamstresses lent her money and also organized lodgings for her in Malvern. She worked there until the end of the 1950s, leaving when the South African garment industry began its historical decline. Like many other Mozambicans, she too had made her own night journey by train to Jo’burg, to the lights of the sprawling metropole, which the great gold rush had spawned. Yet she always held onto the claim that she was Spanish. After marrying Clifford Swift my mom retreated into the secure and comforting realm of domesticity that he had lovely made possible for her. There was no place in the inner sanctum of her home for a black domestic servant or a black weekend gardener. Her garden, her home and her family, my dad and me, became the centre of her universe, and she did not want any intruders apart from my school friends. Of course, with time I became increasingly conscious of the otherness of my own mother compared to other mothers, which in turn awakened my own sensibilities of what the chronotope of whiteness meant within time, place and space. In other words, the narrative or ‘novel’ or even the ‘fiction’ of being configured or prefigured or constructed or projected or interpreted or arranged or situated or ordered as a white person within time, place and space on a continent called Africa. Within this framework or context, there is riddle for you to ponder upon. 
5.
In my day as a kid growing up in Witfield on the East Rand, only ‘native’ South Africans were white. In those days being white and South African was as natural as the air we breathed. We had no colonial connections or remembrance of European ancestors or family ties to anyone in Britain or Europe. Our links with the West had been severed. We had been cast off, marooned or abandoned in faraway places in the Southern Hemisphere as disposable colonial flotsam and jetsam. For many of us who were white the British or European ancestral gates had closed forever, as much as two or more generations ago. We had no claim on any other home. The Western World as a place lived only in our imaginations, absorbed into our minds through the filter of books, rock music, comics and movies. However, the surrounding world of the East Rand mirrored or confirmed the reality of the nature of our being and existence. The Spanish verb ‘mirar’ which in the infinitive form translates as ‘to look’ or ‘to behold’ or ‘look at’ has always intrigued me, from the days of my childhood. Its English linguistic relatives are ‘admire’, ‘mirror’ and ‘miracle’. Its Latin root is ‘mirari’, which meant ‘to wonder at’. In its original meaning and use, the Spanish word ‘mirar’ once meant to look at someone or some vista with awe and wonder. The English word ‘mirror’ also shares the same etymological roots as the Spanish word ‘mirar’. The world is our mirror, it mirrors what we admire, it also mirrors what we cannot fail to recognise, which happens to be ourselves, and stretching the meaning of the mirror metaphor a bit, the reflection that we recognised in the reflections of the mirror of the East Rand was something about us, which was the character of our white South Africanness. We have made this Southern African world our home or our place. We recognized ourselves as mirrored in our life-world. The world about us reflects the evidence of who we are. In this sense, the world as a mirror is a world of familiarity. Of course, there is also the world seen through the looking glass.
6.
Kamilla and Alžběta’s parents were foreigners who possessed distinct cultural differences making them less white than the whiteness of white South Africans. Why do I say this? It was mainly because of my mom’s social behaviour that I could read. She was more open and obliging to Kamilla and Alžběta’s parents and also to other European foreigners, compared to the run-of-the-mill white South African women. The vibe of foreign women was different from that of the typical white South African female vibe. Of course, the children of European immigrants soon became ‘normal’ white South Africans, indistinguishable from all the other ‘native born’ white South Africans. In Graham Green’s book ‘The Burnt-Out Case’ the expats which are referred to as ‘colons’ have been conditioned by colonial history, colonial socialization and the colonial ethos to acquire the distinctive mentality of colons. Fresh immigrants to South Africa from countries that had never experienced any historical colonial connection with Africa took a bit longer to become colons or to acquire the typical whiteness mentality of the native whites in Africa. They were not socially preconditioned to behave in certain ways towards black people or people who did not seem to be completely white like my mom.
7.
I freely admit that I could ideologically or mythologically or rhetorically speaking be constructed or imagined as a white person, who embodies all the ‘negativities’ of whiteness because I have been inadvertently shaped by a life-long exposure to Westernized media, and Western or Eurocentric influences in the forms of novels, comics, movies, music, philosophy and education in the sciences. I do not deny that I have been ‘exposed’ and even influenced and shaped by what has been derogatorily referred to as Eurocentrism. I won’t deny that I have also undergone some kind of Americanization. But I believe I have benefitted from being exposed to these influences. They have made a better person. In spite of being born in Africa, and therefore a child of its soil, I remain a child of the European enlightenment and Western Civilization. I am a product of Westernization. I am not ashamed of this. And I feel no moral or intellectual compulsion to de-colonize my mind or to take identity politics and multiculturalism seriously. And yet I knew deep down, that I have a bloodline connectiveness with this continent, that I am linked by invisible ancestral bonds to the otherness of my mother’s African ancestral world, the world which gave birth to my mother through her ancestors, who in turn belonged to the global Indian Oceanic Civilization. In spite of my Westernized and Eurocentric mind-set I am not at all concerned or anxious as a white person about authenticating or certifying my indisputable historical bonds with the African continent. I don’t give fuck about having to prove this to anyone. Whether or not I am perceived as white I don’t give a fuck. I don’t see the need to change in any way. I am committed to doing what is right. Which has always been my mother’s advice. I am not only concerned with what is right, I also concerned with what is the truth. Today, we are living under the imposition of a regime of artificially contrived political correctness and identity politics and multiculturalism, in which being white has been subjected to irrational forms of reification and fetishization. Whiteness can be imagined in terms of different ideologically motivated constructions. But insofar as whiteness is an ideologically motivated construction it has no scientific basis, it remains a myth, a fetish, and a reification of pigmentation. It belongs to the realm of rhetorics and poetics. So having said that I reject the idea of whiteness. I reject the idea of white supremacy or white superiority. The concept of whiteness in the South African context, in which the notions of ethos, pathos, privilege and complicity played an integral role in the rhetorical meaning of whiteness, have now, quite ironically, become increasingly abstract, and empty of significance as the distance between the now and the watershed year of 1994 widens into an unbridgeable historical chasm. As the past recedes further and further away, the present situation in South Africa is being viewed, more and more, by many, both blacks and whites, with a growing sense of bewilderment, disappointment, despair, disbelief, disapproval, dismay, derision, doubt, incredulity, angry, fear and hopelessness. In fact, there exists an overriding unanimity regarding the mutual sharing of these sentiments. South Africa is longer a mirror in which we can recognize ourselves. In the face of these new overwhelming post-liberation realities of betrayal, moral impunity, callousness, lawlessness, irresponsibility, irrationality and gross criminality, a shifting of blame has been undergoing a complete new overhaul and timely reversal. As a direct consequence of this white blameworthiness is becoming increasingly irrelevant and meaningless as an explanatory factor for the present evils, confirming that the statutes of limitation for white complicity have long since expired in the wake of the betrayal of the liberation struggle by the Big Men. Complicity and blameworthiness has now shifted onto the shoulders of the ruling political elite. They must now bear the historical burden of their fuck up. They have brought the country to ruin. To sum up: Complicity and blameworthiness for the present evils can now be shifted from the whites to the rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie. There is an apocalyptic and dystopian dimension to the concept of complicity. Furthermore, there is also a social anthropological and psychopathological dimension to the concept of complicity. 
8.
The word ‘complicity’ as a noun or signifier refers to a fact or condition as the signified or referent. The condition of complicity is one of being involved in certain kinds of relationships with others in the pursuit of activities or action, which are unlawful or injurious to others or are morally questionable. Synonyms for complicity or being in a state of complicity include: collusion, involvement, collaboration, connivance, abetment, conspiracy, complot, implication, concurrence, manipulation, engineering, machination, guilt, partnership, agreement, intrigue, confederacy, or simply being in cahoots. It can be seen that there is a social anthropological and socio-psychopathological dimension to complicity or being in a state or condition of complicity. To repeat, to be complicit is to be blameworthy. To be complicit is to be passively or actively involved in a process of causation for the realization of ends which are deemed desirable, but always at the expense of others. The legal and scientific study of complicity belongs to the fields or disciplines of jurisprudence and political psychopathology and criminology as well. Leaving aside the jurisprudential dimension of complicity for the time being, there is great explanatory value in studying the apocalyptic and dystopian relevance, meaning and significance of complicity purely in terms of the political dimension of criminal socio-psychopathologies. In this story, it would be most illuminating to pursue an investigation into criminal complicity from a political psychopathological perspective, especially with regard to the political behaviour of the rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie. The rent-seeking comprador engages in criminal behaviours that involve the use of political power for the purposes of self-enrichment at the expense of others. Which also means that compradorial rent-seeking inevitably inflicts pain, suffering, injury and damage on others. Compradorial rent-seeking is thus not a victimless activity. When rent-seeking self-enrichment by means of corruption, looting, swindling, theft, fraud, pillaging and plundering takes place it is obvious that injury, damage and pain will be inflicted on others, thereby making them victims of crimes. Possession of political power in an essential and absolute pre-condition for criminalized self-enrichment through corrupt and fraudulent rent-seeking. Without political power, the compradorial rent-seeking bourgeoisie becomes nothing. Without political power, there can be no personal and individual accumulation of wealth through the criminalized agency of corrupt and fraudulent rent-seeking. This is why the loss of political power is something to be feared, something that leaves the comprador terrified. This is why political power is always something to be desired, gained, protected, preserved and perpetuated by individuals at all costs or by all and any means whatsoever. This is the nature of the game for those who seek and use political power as means for private and personal ends, where the end is neve the common good, but the pursuit of pure self-interest, self-advancement and self-enrichment. And which, in turn, can only be achieved at the expense of others, and as a consequence, corrupt rent-seeking actions can never be construed as a victimless endeavour. 
9.
Yes, we know the faces of these political criminals. We are also beyond amazement with regard to the manner in which their criminal rent-seeking behaviours are conducted with such brazen impunity. They continue to swindle, loot and steal without any fear of consequences or retribution. They have no fear of a final reckoning or reprisal or punishment or sanction. They are beyond the reach of the law. They are unstoppable. They can do whatever they wish. They are the untouchables. They are a law unto themselves. We know who they are. We see their faces emblazoned on Daily Maverick. We read about their criminal shenanigans. The criminal justice system is impotent. They have broken the country. They have broken all the state institutions. They have broken the economy. 
10.
The word that Millicent used to describe the political realities of South Africa was ‘mafianization’. In South Africa, the mafianization of politics has become so deeply rooted that it would be seemingly impossible to eradicate or reverse. South Africa has become so thoroughly broken that one wonders if it will ever be possible to repair the country. The word used to describe nature of state of affairs such as there, is ‘Zimbabwefication’. All the evidence suggests that South Africa is undergoing its own process of Zimbabwefication. Zimbabwefication is synonymous with the mafianization of the state apparatus by a rent-seeking comprador bourgeoisie. Zimbabwefication or mafianization results in the creation of a parallel extraction or tributary-based political economy that parasitizes the taxpayer by siphoning-off the tax revenues collected by the state or the criminal looting of natural resources. Zimbabwefication or mafianization of the countries natural resource results in the illegal pillaging of these resources for private and personal enrichment. Millicent’s words: ‘Who wants live in a country in which every institution has undergone a complete mafianization under the guise of affirmative action, economic transformation and economic empowerment? This a recipe for a complete disaster. It will lead to the total ruination of South Africa. The parasite will kill its host. I don’t need to remind you of this, you are the scientist who has made a lifelong study of parasitology, you should know better than anyone that this going happen.’ Millicent argued.
11.
What could I say? Millicent was right. How can we survive in Africa? How do we make sense of our situation? Maybe black humour can help us survive. In Zimbabwe, South Africa and most post-colonial African countries we are faced almost on a daily basis with the grotesque, the absurd and the ludicrous. Can we only survive a completely damaged Africa by laughing? How do we cope with the avalanche of misfortunes, crises and disasters which African governments continue to heap on the people of Africa? We do indeed survive with the help of music, poetry, religion, praying, reading singing, writing, ridicule and joking, yes we survive by means of ridicule and joking, these all help to mitigate our pain, and also help us to brave our fears. Ridicule and joking is the most potent political weapon the African people have against their predatory post-colonial rulers. The African short story or novel helps us to endure our tribulations. However, in most instances the post-colonial African oligarchy is hostile to the African novel. We have to seek and find hope wherever we can. While seeking ways to survive in Africa are important, my interest as a scientist is to find the cure for Africa’s problems that have been caused by its leaders. To find the cure also involves diagnosing the nature and underlying causes of the post-colonial African social, economic and political problems. A critical cause of Africa’s problems stems from the nature of the post-colonial African oligarchy. I agree that post-colonial ruling oligarchs deserve to be ridiculed at every opportunity. This does contribute significantly to the cure. To find the cure we need to make the African oligarch the subject of our research. Which means we have investigate the African oligarch within a scientific framework. I suggest that it should start with a scientific based analysis of the criminal psychopathology of political power. As a scientific approach, it is necessarily reductionist. 
12.
Harold Lasswell has been a pioneer in the study of the psychopathology of political power and it has been unfortunate that his work has been neglected. This is what Prof Ken Ashbury told me when I was still an undergraduate student at the University of the Witwatersrand, as you may recall, having read this far. What are the emotional and psychodynamic roots, which motivate or compel the quest for political power by individuals? In order to answer this we need to define what political power entails, we to explain it dynamics from a naturalistic perspective. Essentially, political power always becomes concretely manifested in the form of personal power, personal power, which can exerted over others directly or indirectly or even passively through the means and media of multiple agencies, apparatuses, structures, institutions and vehicles all of which are ultimately under the control of identifiable individuals who in turn are driven by their personal and private interests and ambitions. Naturalistic approach too criminalized political power-seeking behaviours of the rent-seeking compradorial: Power-seeking predispositions are rooted in neurobiological processes. 
13.
The phrases ‘levers of power’ or the ‘commanding heights of power’ are used as metaphors for political power. The levers or the commanding heights of power are always controlled by individuals on behalf of others under the auspices of vanguardism or custodianship or trusteeship or elected representation or any other form of political representation within some kind of political institutionalized framework. This provides the ideal environment for the mafianization or criminalization of the various institutions through which political power can be exercised or mobilized, institutions which include state, and all other political or politicized institutions such a political parties, police, prosecuting authorities and judiciary. With regard to the processes of mafianization, the ruling political elite always comes into existence through a process of self-appointment, which is a process of machination, a process which necessarily involves elites putting themselves forward, which necessarily involves individuals competing against each other in a power struggle. Self-appointment or putting oneself forward always occurs within a process involving the elimination of competing contestants or political rivals in other words. Machination and mafianization necessarily involves competition and contestation between rivals, who may be individuals or factions within the ruling political party. It always involves winners and losers, and therefore the elimination of rivals. Following the successful machinations, which facilitated the self-appointment of a ruling political elite, the winning elite takes upon itself the right to act on behalf of everyone, the whole country or nation in other words. The winning political elites claim for themselves the legal status or legitimate status or winner’s status of sole agency in all political roles, matters and departments, including police, national prosecuting authorities and the judiciary. After successfully achieving this status, members belonging to the winning political elite are placed in positions that enable them to claim and exercise a total monopoly of political power over all subjects and state institutions. Politically the ruling elite can constitute themselves in the role of the vanguard or custodian or trustee or elected representative with regard to the exercise of political power over the lives of everyone. The winner’s claim to sole political agency and monopolization of all political power is legitimated and defended by appealing to a grandiose legitimizing narrative, which everyone is compelled to believe or support. The content of such a narrative incorporates all the ideological and rhetorical features of a totalizing mythology. The narrative itself conforms to a particular genre, which happens to be based on an End of History of story. What is meant by an End of History story? It means that only one story is sanctioned. There is only one version of the End of History. The End of History narrative depends on a totalizing rhetorics. As such, it represents an exclusive narrative, a narrative that excludes all other alternative narratives. There can be no other versions of the story. This only one correct version of the past and the future. There is only one correct memory and one correct hope. Hence the end of all alternative stories, hence the end of history. Hence the need for banning freedom of expression. Hence the need for censorship. Hence the need for mind and thought control.
14.
To be represented by some remote inaccessible individual seated at the commanding heights of power in control of all the levers of state power leaves everyone else essentially passive and powerless. This is the reality regarding the origin, evolution and reproductive perpetuation of the monster called the oligarchy. Thus, the drive or impulse or compulsion to possess political power over others has to be essentially psychopathological. With regard to the political life cycle of the oligarchy it will move inexorably to an eventual dystopian demise, driven by a law-like system of causation which will almost seem mechanistic to an intelligent observer from another more advanced galaxy. If there is any the plot to this autobiographical narrative then this the plot. It is also the plot of an imagined universal history, where the plot articulated in terms of an ethos, pathos, mythos, logos and telos becomes materialized in the form of its opposite or in its contradiction. The plot revolves around the tension between Nature and World and the splitting or fission or forked road which turns everything into its opposite. This the reality of so-called universal history: Freedom becomes slavery, liberation becomes oppression, development becomes under-development, industrialization becomes de-industrialization, economic growth becomes economic decline, and full employment becomes universal joblessness. The end of history can only be dystopian. They say: never give away the plot when writing fiction. What about when writing metafiction? 
15.
Take home message: Karl Marx could never have imaged the mafianization of politics and political institutions such as the state or economic institutions such as the factory. Why? He did not an evolutionary-biology based theory of social-psychology and social anthropology. In other words Marx did not have a theory of human nature or well-grounded philosophical anthropology. Believe it or not, but there can be a scientific theory of human nature. See Darwin’s work ‘On the Expressions of Emotions in Man and Animals and The Descent of Man’. It was Prof Ken Ashbury who said that Karl Marx had jumped the gun. He explained: ‘Marx’s point of departure was all wrong; it remains completely theoretically and practically inadequate for the realization of the revolutionary goal of human liberation from social domination. Marx fails to realistically deal with the problem of social or political domination or the emergence of dominance hierarchies. He was completely blind to the problems regarding the inevitable reproduction of systems of political domination in the form of the oligarchy under all circumstances, especially under Leninism, and furthermore, taking a broader view, it does not matter whether the political economy is capitalist or socialist the masses will always be passive and oppressed, lacking both agency and autonomy. A ruling political elite will always come into existence, no matter what, it does not matter under what social or political or economic circumstances, revolutionary or non-revolutionary. It remains the objective of every kind or species of the ruling political elite to exercise total political domination over a passive, powerless and compliant masses, who spend their lives wallowing in misery. This is the contradiction between intention and unintended consequence, this is the fission or splitting between theory and reality, the fork in the road, the tension between Nature and World, which undermines all End of History stories which live on in the imaginations of the ruling elite, including Marxist-Leninists. Marx could never have even imagined or visualized the gaping hole in the edifice of his work. He had missed the mark. He could not see the proverbial elephant in the room. He did not foresee the inevitable emergence of a ruling class in the form a political elite under all historical circumstances and following all revolutionary transitions or transformations, without any exception. Marx failed to provide an adequate causal or materialist or mechanistic or naturalist analysis for the recurrent or repetitive re-emergence of hierarchicalized systems of social or political domination, irrespective of the nature of the mode of production. He failed to even formulate the problem, so he could not supply or formulate a solution to the problem regarding the inevitable emergence of hierarchicalized systems of social and political domination under all circumstances whether it be capitalist or socialist. Abolishing private property does not magically result in the creation of an egalitarian society free from the control and power of dominance hierarchies. Abolishment of private property does not remove social stratification, elite domination or class divisions or the reproduction of the oligarchy in other words. Marx actually did not understand the archaeology, genealogy, psychology, anthropology, sociology and political dynamics underlying the recurrent formation of social dominance hierarchies which suppress individual freedom and autonomy, and which create conditions of social inequality. Stalin’s Soviet Union was not free nor was Mao’s China free. Marx was completely blind to the problematical way that social dominance hierarchies reproduce themselves and how they function in suppressing freedom under both capitalist and socialist economies. Abolishing private property by nationalizing the means of production, which means placing all private property, including the means of production, under state ownership and control, does not automatically or magically reverse or remove or abolish social domination and dominance hierarchies. All it does is substitute one form of social domination and unfreedom for another form of social domination and unfreedom. I found this startling. Individual sovereignty, freedom, agency, autonomy and equality seemed to be something which was unattainable irrespective of the mode of production or ‘the mode of ownership of the means of production’. I am using the phrase of ‘modes of ownership’ instead of ‘social relationship of production’ for good reasons. In the context of Marxism there only two modes of ownership, private or state owned, where state ownership involves nationalization of the means of production. Both modes of ownership are monopolistic in a negative fashion with regard to the workers. Both modes of ownership are disempowering with regard to the workers. Both modes of ownership depend on hierarchies of social domination and inequality with regard to social status of individuals. All social formations have remained hierarchical since the commencement of the Holocene. There has been no real progress in the liberation of humankind over the past 12 000 years. 
16.
At Wits as an undergraduate I had been socialized into believing that Marx had given us the solution. Marxism was sacrosanct. Prof Ashbury or Prof Ken or Ken as he preferred to be addressed must have noticed the expression of doubt which flickered on my face in response to his criticism of the adequacy of Marx and the revolutionary praxis of Marxism. ‘Marx or Marxism has not asked or tried to answer the most fundamental questions that has remained crucial to solving the problem of human freedom in a scientific fashion, which means he has not posed or formulated or investigated the problem of human freedom and human domination from an evolutionary and ecological and behavioural point of view, or in other words from a biological perspective. If you ignore biology you will end up having a fucked up view of politics and revolution. Man is an animal and as such man has to be studied and understand from an evolutionary-biology perspective. Marx was not qualified or sufficiently knowledgeable to really tackle the problems of human alienation, freedom and equality. It is only now that we are truly beginning to understand the problems which have to be surmounted before mankind can genuinely attain freedom from all psychological and social and economic and political domination. In fact it is quite laughable, Marx, Engels, Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky, Mao or Ho Chi Minh were actually completely clueless regarding the real nature of the revolution which would bring genuine freedom and equality to humanity.’ Ken continued: ‘To develop a truly revolutionary theory and praxis for human liberation we have start as Tinbergen did in his study of gulls. To fully understand everything about any species of seagull or any other animal or plant or algae for that matter, we have to study them scientifically in their natural surroundings, which is the actual environment in which not only their biology evolved, but also in which their social behaviours evolved. Behaviour, especially social behaviours, are an important form of adaptation. Marx should have started with studying the behavioural ecology and social anthropology of the Palaeolithic hunter-gatherer social groups. Of course he could not do this. Hence his theories do not rest on solid foundations, they hang in the air foundationless and incomplete. If only Marx could have grasped how evolution had shaped human sociality before the onset of the Neolithic he would have understood the behavioural underpinnings of human autonomy, freedom and egalitarianism.’ Ken had knocked Marx off his pedestal. Marx was not a genuine master of suspicion. He had failed to comprehend the big picture. He was only partially on the right track. Ken reckoned that Nietzsche was on the right track. Everything revolves around the ‘will to power’ and students of Nietzsche need to grasp what Nietzsche actually meant by his concept of the ‘will to power’ which included the ‘will to truth’. Of course Ken, the American, had sown doubts in my mind regarding the theoretical adequacy and theoretical completeness of Marxism, but he had also set me on the road to becoming an anarchist, which was also the only genuine road to socialism and ultimately communism.


Chapter Sixteen

1.
Interlude: For Hegel, history or universal history is teleological. It develops towards an end or goal. In this sense history can be conceived as having or fulfilling a purpose. This notion or idea can also be read into the works of Marx and is also reflected in the mentality of Marxists. For Marx and Marxists the end of history is reached through the abolition of private property and the emergence of the classless society. For Hegel, or a reading of Hegel, the development of the state is the end or culmination of world history. In the world of real politics, the state in the Soviet Union, the Eastern Bloc countries and Maoist China has persisted or self-perpetuated itself as supreme above all else. Why? The answer: The state remains the only ultimate apparatus of power, patronage, social domination, privilege, inequality and violence without which the ruling political elite under the aegis of socialism could not exist. In a similar fashion the state as an apparatus also serves the rentier interests of the comprador bourgeoisie after nationalist ‘liberations’ following the decolonization of Third World countries. But contra-Hegel and contra-Marxism, science or biology or evolution or geology or cosmology provides no evidence or proof for a teleological view of history or nature or the universe or reality. There are no purposeful goals towards which all motions in the Universe ultimately move. Instead all motions end in the directionless and chaotic heat death of maximum entropy. What about the question of G-d or religious belief, especially in regard to this dismal state of affairs? Does this not necessarily rule out the possibility of G-d’s existence? No it does not! It means that everything which exists and everything which eventually happens does so according to G-d’s own good pleasure. What is teleology? Aristotle defines a teleological explanation as an explanation of something in terms of what that thing is for the sake of. What does it mean for something to have a purpose for the sake of something else? It means that something becomes the means toward the end of something else. It means that something becomes the means for achieving a desired goal or object which is the end. This does not mean that the projected end as something which happens to be the desired goal or objective can ultimately justify the means to get there. Even if the end itself seems justifiable, the means to that end cannot always be ultimately justified by it, since ends or means or both may be wrong for other reasons. By claiming that something is a means towards some predetermined end is a way of justifying the means for achieving that end, even if the means cannot be rationally or morally justified. Even if the end represents the desirable state of affairs is does not necessary justify the means used. This is an old moral argument. But the point here is not the moral problems associated with attaining the ultimate goal or purpose of universal history. The point is whether something such as the telos or teleological purpose or end goal in terms of a universal history actually exists and terms of which universal moves or is set in motion. Does history have an engine or motor which drives it to some built-in goal or objective? What do we really understand or mean by the class struggle being the engine or motor of history? Lenin would argue that the engine of history needs an engineer driver. The engineer driver represents the vanguard and usually the vanguard becomes embodied in a single identifiable person, the Big Man, the Great Leader, or Comrade Leader. Stalin and Mao epitomize this phenomenon.
2.
What if history does not have any meaning or goal or purpose? What if there is no such thing as Universal History? What if history does not have any engine or motor or engine-driver? If biological evolution or cosmology does not have any goal and is not goal driven, then we cannot suddenly state that the engine of history is the class struggle, when the end of that struggle cannot even be agreed upon, let alone realized by any kind of engineer driver or vanguardism. Of course to be the engineer driver of history, the driver must know or have a map regarding the way or the directions to get to the destination, and driver must know beforehand what the destination must look like in order to find it or recognize it. To deal with this question it may be a good idea to address the status of teleological narratives within the framework of natural history or the life sciences. Teleological favoured narratives provide reasons or explanations or accounts for the existence or occurrence of states of affairs, especially in the case of structure-functional relations, such in the case of eyes in animals, wings in birds or fins in fish or leaves in plants. The existence or occurrence of such state of affairs are accounted for in terms of the realization of functions, purposes, reasons or goals. Historically, accounts or stories narrating how these state of affairs involving purposeful or goal-directed relationships between structure and function came into existence have been teleological in nature. The apparent purpose served or the goal-directed nature or the adaptation of structural-functional traits or structural-functional relationships in biology appears undeniably obvious. We can readily comprehend and give an account of what function or purpose or adaptation that various organs in plants and animals serve. In the biological sciences teleological flavoured explanatory accounts of structure and function relationships appear to be unavoidable. It is also for this reason that teleological flavoured accounts in biology have been objectively formulated or constructed or rendered or recast in a manner which avoids implicating the role or notion of any mindful designing agency being directly responsible for the planning of the occurrence of any apparent purposeful design in biological structure-functional relationships. The wording or grammar of structural-functional accounts in biology can be constructed in a neutral manner such that it avoids any underlying reference to or overt implication of or imputable role of a mindful designing agency, as follows for example: A trait T has function F in organism O when T is sufficient to produce F in O (Hempel’s version) or when T is necessary to produce F in O (Nagel’s version). Explanations of structure-functional relationship in biological textbooks follow the following general format: the function of X is Z which means that X is there because it does Z, and Z is a consequence or result of X’s being there. How X arose or came into being is accounted for broadly in terms of Darwinian evolution. Thus the overall modern biological textbook account for the origins of the relationships between structure (X) and function (Z) are strictly speaking non-teleological when compared to the classical rendition of teleological accounts. The chain of evolutionary events leading to the evolution of a purposeful or goal-directed relationship between structure (X) and function (Z) can be fully accounted for from an evolutionary perspective in terms of natural selection acting on random heritable meiotic generated genetic variation. The evolutionary development of the relationships between structure and function are not strictly speaking ‘progressive’ in any sense of the meaning which this adjective may derive from the noun ‘progress’. Instead they should be viewed as rather being purely adaptive phenomena, adaptive to the conditions imposed by a constantly changing environment, and thereby as adaptations making survival possible through continued or successful reproduction. The evolutionary view of how things became as they are is as simple as this scenario. 
3.
Going back to the use of word ‘progressive’ in the context of evolutionary biology, the following needs to be acknowledged regarding the meaning of the word progressive. In evolution progressive means proceeding in stages, it does not mean intentional progress or purposeful progress or planned progress or progress by design towards a higher goal or more perfect state where the goal or state represents the achievement of progress in the sense of an upward or an advanced movement towards a destination or goal or end which represents the achievement or realization of a higher state of being or perfection. No animal or plant is evolving towards some unparalleled level of perfection. There is no evolutionary pinnacle of perfection. It is also possible that biologically speaking humanity has reached an evolutionary dead-end. At this moment it would seem that humanity has brought itself to the brink of an apocalyptic catastrophe on a planetary scale. Our troubles as a species are also compounded by the fact that our genetic diversity is relatively low compared to other primates. Other factors that are driving humankind to its extinction include human induced global climate change, unsustainable population growth rates and the destruction of the environment. Evolution is not perfect and perfection through evolutionary specialization may be the sure road to extinction. Even specialized adaptations to specific environments may increase the risk of extinction when the environment changes. Adaptations may end up becoming maladaptive resulting in extinction, proving that Nature is not perfect. Nature does not always make the right choices. The natural history of living organisms is also a story of evolutionary dead-ends, failed experiments and mass extinctions, suggesting that evolutionary progress to perfection in terms of the realization of adaptive goals has not been a guarantee against inevitable mass extinction of a species. What about humankind as a species. With regard to humans there does not exist any progressive pattern in the evolution of social formations. Human history has proved to be a puzzle, a riddle, a labyrinth, a road with many forks and detours, a blind journey which never arrives at its predestined destination. 
4.
What is the motive force which drives historical change or transition? The universal class struggle has been viewed as the major historical trigger, engine or driver of revolution. In Marxist thinking the class struggle functions as the engine or motor of history. What about the existence of other potential forces, triggers, drivers, engines or motors of revolution apart from the now traditional idea of the class struggle? The process of modernization has been recognized as a force driving radical and revolution changes in the social ordering and construction of human societies. Force is the operative noun, it refers to someone or something which does the work to towards some end or towards bringing some end to pass, which in this case is the work is revolution and the end is revolution, which usually entails the forcible overthrow of the existing social order. Does man really make his own history? Or is man’s history actually made behind man’s back? What if human history is actually blind, not really going anywhere? Back to our original question: ‘Does man really make his own history?’ To what end does man make his history? This question needs to be focused more sharply. To what preconceived or desired end or goal does man make his own history? What actually drives or causes revolutionary historical changes or transitions. What are the real or actual causal agencies, if any, which trigger and then drive the requisite sequence of successive revolutionary changes which would be necessary for the revolution to stay on its proper or predetermined course or passage or path or development towards its end, if there is indeed an End to History? A revolutionary change to the passage of history could mean anything. It could mean the slide down the slippery slope leading the inevitable extinction of humanity as a whole. A revolution could the end of history. What does the ‘end of history’ mean? It could mean the extinction of man or it could mean the attainment of utopia or dystopia. Maybe the end of human history is necessarily dystopian. 
5.
All revolutions pave the way for the emergence of a new ruling elite. The legitimation of the rule by the new ruling elite is imposed forcibly on the ruled masses. But this does not happen without evolutionary consequences, consequences which happen invisibility behind our backs. Remember the tension between Nature and World. We are constantly being moulded by natural selection without our being conscious of this fact. In this sense we are not in charge of our destiny nor can we really be the agent vested with the necessary powers to shape our own history according to our desires. Maybe we are ultimately powerless. Maybe we remain the products of the blind forces of nature. We won’t even know that we have changed. There are underlying assumptions in all current theories regarding human nature and human sociality. It does not matter one iota that popular postmodern views deny the existence of ‘human nature’. Human nature defined as an objective biological state of affairs, embodied in the form and functioning of humans as members of the animal kingdom, have been and continue to be shaped or forged by evolutionary processes.
6.
The idea that there exists a ‘scale of nature’ (scala naturae) as something embodied in the very ordering of nature, with humans occupying the pinnacle of that order, is not supported by science, in fact the whole idea is based on a myth of the supremacy of humans over all other animals. From a biological or evolutionary perspective no such ordering of nature exists in actual reality. The only order of nature with regard to the biological realm consists of evolutionary continuums of similarities reflecting descent with modification from common ancestors, rather than a hierarchical ascent reflecting some kind of progressive improvement. Evolution does not embody any kind of intended or premeditated or planned directionality or purpose or goal. The same state of affairs can arguably be applied to human history. Returning to the issue of the evolution of life, the actual scientific-established and evidential-based process of evolution does not reflect any kind of predetermined or premeditated directionality or progression or ascent to higher and higher levels of supremacy. Biological evolution as a natural process does not embody any kind of progressively upward development towards increasing states of perfection, beginning with the lowest life (single celled prokaryotic organisms) and evolving to the highest forms of life (a eukaryotic multicellular animals such as humans). The ladder of progress does not exist. We can imagine an earth in which humans did not evolve. Animal evolution as an internally driven process proceeding in a particular direction from earlier more primitive, imperfect, soft-bodied forms, ascending upwards towards more perfected forms of life such as humans is a construct imposed on the history of life. To quote: ‘The concept of a ladder of progress was misleading because it viewed animal evolution as internally driven in a particular direction from the early, imperfect, soft-bodied forms up toward perfected humans. As water runs naturally downhill, descent of animals was expected to run naturally to the perfected. Simple animals were not seen as adapted in their own right but rather as springboards to a better future. The scale of nature concept encouraged scientists to view animals as progressive improvements driven by anticipation of a better tomorrow. Unfortunately, remnants of this idea still linger in modern society.’ (Kenneth V Kardong, Vertebrates: Comparative Anatomy, Function, Evolution. 6th Edition, page 6 ). What significance does this have for theology and for our conceptualization or social construction of G-d? Theological speaking, from a Biblical point of view, it is safe to affirm God’s aseity. God said to Moses, ‘I AM WHO I AM’; and He said, ‘Thus you shall say to the sons of Israel, I AM has sent me to you’.  (Exodus 3: 14). G-d is the G-d of possibility. G-d is the ground or foundation or condition of all possibility. Everything is contingent on the conditions of possibility which exist by virtue of G-d. While these condition of possibility are built-in into the fabric of reality they do not exist dependently of G-d. G-d is the built-in condition of possibility by virtue of G-d’s immanence in everything. The universe is a universe of possibility. Possibilities are constantly opening up for novelty for something new. The horizons of possibility continues to expand to infinity. While the universe is a realm of infinite possibility, humans are ultimately helpless, man is incapable of being his own saviour in the face of the contingencies which are overwhelming his own existence. Humans as biological entities are subject to all kinds of forces operating behind their backs, shaping their natures in ways they have no control over, this what evolution means in reality. But then again, everything only exists for the sake of G-d’s good pleasure, and for no other reason.
7.
As the Lipstick Lesbian (in Hotazel: Journal Writings of a Lipstick Lesbian) argues: Concerning…“The relationship between God and abstract objects. There are abstract objects or entities which exist necessarily, eternally, independently and therefore have not been brought into existence by invention or creation by some creative agency.  In Latin these abstract objects exist ‘a’ (from) ‘se’ (self). From these two terms we get the word ‘aseity’ which describes the property of something which exists underived or uncreated ‘in’ and ‘of itself’ and ‘from itself’.  It self-subsists necessarily and independently from all eternity without ever being brought into existence by any kind of external and independent agency. Aseity applies to anything that has not been caused to exist or brought into existence from non-existence by the action of some external agency. In a sense aseity applies to something which is self-causing or self-grounding. Abstract objects such as mathematical and logical entities or theories possess the property of aseity. What is the relationship between God’s aseity and the aseity of abstract objects? If God is the Ultimate Reality which includes the Ultimate Ground of Everything including Being and if all Truth supervenes on Being then why should the being of God not also include the immutable truth that 2+2=4 as a property of God’s essential nature? In a manner of speaking God ‘IS’ actually 2+2=4 in all possibility worlds and in all possible realities. God ‘is’ also the Abstract Universe of all Truth. God is the Laws of the Nature. God is Reason. God is Rationality. God is Logic. And God as the condition of all possibilities possesses the power for ‘Personhood’. God is freedom. God’s will converges with God’s essence or nature.”
8.
Furthermore, according to the Lipstick Lesbian: ‘…For a subject to be the repository of the Totality of Truth it has to be everything it knows in a direct undifferentiated manner. So the subject makes 2+2 = 4 true by being that particular truth in a direct unmediated manner. So God is 2+2 = 4. God is everything that is truth. God is Truth and because God is the Truth, God is also the Way. By extension of the arguments…for God to be truly God, God is necessarily the ultimate agency and for a subject to be the ultimate agency of everything, God is necessarily present in everything which is capable of any kind of agency. God is necessarily present as the condition of possibility of that agency in a direct undifferentiated manner because nothing can act independently in its own right independently of God, otherwise God cannot be truly God. A person is a person by virtue of having conscious awareness and being consciously aware of the capacity of its own agency as the means to realize desired ends or goals. If this statement describes an attribute of personhood, then God is also a person, in the same way that God is the Truth and the Way…’



Chapter Seventeen

1.
Marx wrote in The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte: ‘Men make their own history, but they do not make it as they please; they do not make it under self-selected circumstances, but under circumstances existing already, given and transmitted from the past. The tradition of all dead generations weighs like a nightmare on the brains of the living.’ What does this statement really mean? Men do not consciously make their history. They cannot, it is impossible. This much is obvious. Going back to the original question: What does it mean for something to have a purpose for the sake for something else. With the collapse of Soviet socialism after 1989 the teleological flavoured idea that reason or dialectical reason or critical reason is somehow operative or at work in the course of history with respect to the material realization of its ultimate goal in the form of a classless society following the abolition of private property has been eclipsed by a sobering realization that human history is ultimately irrational. We can still agree that there is no history but the history of class struggle and we can also agree that the iron law of history is the reproduction of new class divisions. They are the two sides of the same coin, presenting us with the currency of the dismal dialectic which is involves repetition of the same, conveniently symbolized in the myth of the Ouroboros, the serpent or dragon devouring its own in tail, symbolic of an eternal cyclic of renewal or an endlessly recurring process or a cycle of life, death, and rebirth, a symbol fixed to the gates of the pagan cemeteries. 
2.
The subject of history (the proletarian class) is the object of history. The subject of history becomes the object of history by recreating itself as the subject of history through the process of self-consumption or self-cannibalisation or self-nihilation or self-alienation or self-estrangement, in the gulags, and so on and so forth, and so it goes, a never ending process. Even the likes of Walter Benjamin, the melancholic Marxist, sided with the oppressed proletarian class, the subject of Marxist historiography, with the words of hope: ‘the subject of historical knowledge is the struggling, oppressed class itself. Marx presents it as the last enslaved class, the avenger that completes the task of liberation in the name of generations of the downtrodden.’ However the same struggling oppressed class has been betrayed time and time again by its self-appointed liberators, the revolutionary vanguard, before being finally crushed forever under the mountain of lies and falsehoods carried out in its name by a political ruling elite. Marxism as a political and intellectual enterprise cannot escape from being welded to and haunted by a rhetoric of history grounded in a mythos of telos, or in other words a teleological narrative in which the inexorable progress in the development of the forces of production under capitalism will inevitability lead to socialism and eventually communism. Marxism is inconceivable without this peculiar rhetorical conception of history. However, Marxism in terms of its own revolutionary rhetoric of history and rhetoric of political economy remains exiled outside of history. Marxism as something to be realized or materialized in history lives on as a figment of the imagination.  Marx in his ‘A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy’ argues: ‘The mode of production of material life conditions the social, political and intellectual life process in general. It is not the consciousness of men that determines their being, but, on the contrary, their social being that determines their consciousness…’ Also in his ‘Contributions to the Critique of Political Economy’ he argues: ‘At a certain stage of their development, the material productive forces of society come in conflict with the existing relations of production or – this merely expresses the same thing in legal terms – with the property relations within the framework of which they have operated hitherto. From forms of development of the productive forces these relations turn into their fetters. Then begins an era of social revolution. The changes in the economic foundation lead sooner or later to the transformation of the whole immense superstructure.’ Here we have an account in which progressive developments in the forces of production drive historical social transformations in the relations of production and the social superstructure in a teleological manner towards a final known or predetermined end. 
3.
The above accounts regarding the occurrence of transitions between different modes of production as proposed by Marx depends on the existence of functional or teleological relationships between forces of production and relations of production and the social superstructure of society. His explanations of revolutionary social transformations are teleological as opposed to being scientific deductive nomological accounts based on references to general laws and causal-mechanisms. Functional explanations rest on teleological assumptions which are not mechanistic or causal in nature hence functional explanation cannot fully explain in a deductively logical fashion on how and why things work or behave the way they do. The bottom line stated baldly: In order to provide a scientific explanation for any kind of progressive or sequential evolutionary or ecological or developmental or revolutionary transitions or transformations between different states or states of affairs a reductionist account of the underlying causes and mechanism responsible for driving the transition between states is unavoidable. Otherwise you do not have a scientific explanation of how changes or transitions between states are brought about. Instead you have a mythological account of how changes or transitions between states occur. 
4.
To sum up: Marx developed the idea that historical changes in the nature of social formations was ultimately or fundamentally driven by revolutionary and progressive and directional changes or transitions between different modes of production.  To recap: The different kinds of modes of production and their historically successive or sequential stages were laid out as follows: Asiatic, tributary, feudal, capitalistic, socialist and communist. The overall historical process was conceived as being unidirectional, for example: tributary → feudal → capitalist → socialist → communist. A reversal of the sequence was not entertained by Marx or Marxism, for example: socialist → capitalist. Such a historical reversal occurred in 1989 ushering in the historical collapse of socialism followed by a return to capitalism in previously socialist countries including China. The reversal from socialism to capitalism in China followed a different pathway compared to the Soviet reversal. The Chinese reversal was facilitated by it becoming a low-wage destination for direct foreign investment from Western capitalism. This direct foreign investment coincided with the offshoring or migration of Western jobs, manufacturing factories, technology and industrial capacity to destinations such as ‘socialist’ China. By become a low-wage destination for capitalist investment China also became a source of surplus value or profits for capitalist investors. China itself has undergone historical changes which include its evolution into an alternative instantiation of a social formation based on an increasingly capitalist mode of production. 
5.
To sum up: History has falsified Marxism as a theory of historical development. However, Marxism as conceptual framework for analysing the functioning of historical social formations remains useful. In this sense Marxism has heuristic value for developing functional explanations or descriptions of how a specific society’s economy works in contrast to it being a law-like- causal-mechanistic-predictive theory of economic evolution and historical change. Strictly speaking Marxism is ‘sub-science’ or an ‘auxiliary science’ serving a useful supportive role in the analysis of the dynamics of historical social formations, without it being a reliable predictive tool with regard to the nature and direction of historical transitions. The important point which Marx missed was that all social formation are oligarchical in nature irrespective of their modes of production. Therefore in terms of historical transitions social stratification, class divisions, hierarchies of domination and oligarchies persist in a self-perpetuating or self-reproductive fashion, giving rise, by way of example, to the following possible historical situations: tributary-oligarchy → feudal-oligarchy → capitalist-oligarchy → socialist-oligarchy → communist-oligarchy, going full circle in the repetitive or recurrent reproduction of the dystopias, instead of a unilinear sequential evolutionary progression to  the concrete realization of a utopia based on freedom, autonomy, equality in a classless egalitarian society. In other words, Robert Michel’s iron law of oligarchy can be viewed as a Law of Nature or a Law of Human History. We can expand this argument by claiming that human history follows the Laws of Dystopia Formation. It is also by virtue of the operations of the iron law of oligarchy that dystopias come into existence. Marx’s work and Marxism in general remains incomplete. It lingers in realm of mythology. As a predictive teleological theory of social evolution through revolutionary transitions in the modes of production it has been falsified by the actual events or course of history. Human history is far more complex than Marx could ever have imagined. Maximization of profits or extraction of surplus value through whatever means remains the law of history.



Chapter Eighteen

1.
Questions: In the end what does it all mean for South Africa? Stasis, reiteration and return. In terms of class and race relations, there are 4.7 million whites making up a mere 8% of the total population, and the black middle class now outnumbering the white middle class means that things have changed substantially since 1994, following the official end of apartheid and white rule. Before the 1990s the inner city of Jo’burg was the centre of the web of a polycentric urban agglomeration with suburbs sprawling east-west and north-south. Jo’burg’s inner city once existed more or less at the centre of the east-west mining axis, otherwise known as the golden arc. Jo’burg came into existence as a cosmopolitan city, it citizens immigrants drawn from the four corners of the earth. It was a worldly city from day one. Its birth was a propitious event in time and space. However, its status was to remain forever transient, a mere moment in the great sweep of time. From day one its fate was welded to the finite treasure buried beneath the ground of that fabulous golden arc, an arc created by contingent geological events. Events which were blind to the future. Jo’burg remains a place, in space and time, brought into existence by a series of accidents in deep geological time. Who would have believed this of Jo’burg’s inner-city? Now with the exhaustion of the golden arc’s treasure trove, one hundred thirty four years later, Jo’burg’s inner-city has undergone a precipitous decline. The decline of Jo’burg mirrors the decline and decay and demise and degeneration and destruction and degradation of the whole of South Africa. All the big Ds spell the meaning of the word ‘Dystopia’, and South Africa as a dystopian phenomenon has become encapsulated in the slow death of Jo’burg. 
2.
As a geologically circumscribed space in time it has become the kind of place which represents the paradigmatic or emblematic embodiment of the state and fate of South Africa. After 1994 the vultures and hyenas descended upon its rotting and gutted carcass. Since the 1980s Jo’burg has literally been torn apart, eaten piece for piece, entire buildings, railways stations and railway lines have been devoured or cannibalised, trains no longer run along the golden arc converging from east and west onto a once bustling Park Station. In the end what does all this mean? It means stasis, reversal, recession, reiteration, repetition and return. What is the city returning to? Its appointment with McFate?  Now in 2020, silence has replaced the sharp shrill sounds of the conductor’s whistle signalling the departure of the trains from Jo’burg Park Station. Passenger trains packed with commuters no longer arrive at Jo’burg Park Station from the outlying towns of the East Rand or West Rand or Soweto or Pretoria. Passenger trains no longer stop at Boksburg, East Rand, Angelo, Delmore, Germiston, President, Driehoek, Geldenhuis, Cleveland, Toronga, Denver, George Goch, Jeppe, Ellis Park, and Doornfontein on their way to their final destination which is Park Station. All the railway stations of have become ghost stations, they have been vandalized, the railway lines have been stolen, the overhead and underground electrical cabling has been stolen and also all steel structures have been stolen. In other words the railway infrastructure of stations, railway lines, signal boxes and the electrical cabling have been eaten. 
3.
Remember the words: ‘It is now our time to eat.’ Eating in this context comes in many forms, but it always involves corruption and rent-seeking and looting and pillage and theft and fraud and plundering. These are actions and elements which have characterized in the rise of the post-colonial or post-independence African Dystopia. The Dystopia of the Big Man, the Great Leader, the Liberation Hero and the Man of the People. After 1994 it was ‘time to eat’ the city, piece by piece, block by block. The railway shunting yards across the once great Witwatersrand have since become the graveyards for thousands of rusting train coaches. The railway rolling stock which were once filled with passengers, transporting armies of workers, who used to fill the blocks of office buildings and retail outlets within the inner-city of Jo’burg, these same coaches now stand empty and immobile in the sun and in the rain. 
4.
In post-apartheid South Africa fetishization, reification and mythologization of racial differentiation continues. Race remains a category written large in the life script of the individual. We remain a people defined officially and politically by our race. We fill in myriads of documents, always compelled to tick the boxes which define our racial designation: African, Coloured, Indian and White. I am white and male and also Jewish. Am I an African? I will let the reader decide. In post-apartheid a schizophrenic kind of existence prevails. Apartheid styled racial classification has not been erased, it has been rebranded under the new political dispensation. A convenient political credo based on an essentialism of racial identity has re-emerged in post-apartheid South Africa. The apartheid straitjacket of racial identity has not been broken. We are still ‘essentially’ defined by our ‘nature’ in terms of ‘being’ either white or black or Coloured or Indian. What does it mean ‘to be’ white or black in the new South Africa? This is an existential question with powerful moral undertones. This is a gravity and a burden attached to being white. There is a culpability attached to being white. There is an accountability attached to being white. There is a complicity attached to being white. There is also a ‘blameworthiness’ attached to being white. To be white is to stand under judgment. Race or skin pigmentation defines and determines our mode of being-in-the-world. Being white in the world is different to being black in the world. Being white comes with an enormous freight of world history and cultural achievement in tow. Being white is ‘akin to’ being the agent of world history on a grand scale. Being ‘akin to’ also means a mode of being in the world of space, place and time, as such it means: being similar, being related, being close, being near, being comparable, being equivalent, being like, being analogous to the bearer of Worldhood or the custodian of Universal History. To be white is to be living in a state of fraughtfulness, to be fraught with fraughtfulness. This was not by choice! It was not contrived. It was not planned. It was by blind chance. It was by happenstance, pure coincidence. The same role could have been filled by Africans, Indians or Chinese. 
5.
Deconstructing the adjective ‘fraught’ also captures the essential nature of being-white-in-the-world. To be ‘fraught’ is to be in a state of existential ambiguity. On the one hand it also means to be: full of, filled with, swarming with, rife with, thick with, bristling with, charged with, loaded with, brimful of, laden with, freighted with, stored with, brimming with, and attended by, and on the other hand it also means to be: anxious, worried, upset, distraught, overwrought, agitated, distressed, distracted, desperate, frantic, panic-stricken, and so on and so forth. With regard to the etymology of the word ‘fraught’ it has been derived from the Middle Dutch words ‘vracht’ or ‘vrachten’ meaning ‘load’ as in a ship’s ‘cargo’ or ‘freight’. In Afrikaans the word used for cargo or load or freight is ‘vrag’. In Middle English as a past-participle adjective it was originally derived from the now obsolete English verb ‘fraught’ which once meant: ‘to load a ship or wagon with cargo’ or ‘fraughten’ where the Middle English word ‘fraughten’ was derived from the Middle English noun ‘fraught’ which meant a load, or cargo, or the lading of a ship, which was once the older form of the word ‘freight’. The meanings of words ‘vracht’ and ‘freight’ were also linked or associated or affiliated with ‘hiring’ or ‘possessing’ or ‘earnings’ or ‘property’, words which are all rooted in the Proto-Germanic word ‘fra-aihtiz’ the meaning of which is linked to ‘absolute possession’ or ‘to be master of’. In this deconstruction of the word ‘fraught’ in relationship to ‘whiteness’, we can imagine the pale faces of the pioneers or settlers on the frontiers of terra nullius or at the edge of the great unknown as being fraught with pathos. And we think of the ships on those voyages of conquest and colonization of the Global South, traversing the great oceans of the world. A fraughtful business indeed!
6.
Fraughtfulness: It was by accident that whites got lucky. Whites were not cleverer or more superior, they just got lucky. But as luck would have it, there was a darker side to ‘white luck’. As it turned out, throughout the world our white skins defined our place in the world. Our skin colour and race defined our place of privilege in the political and economic ordering of the world. Our skin colour earned us race-based entitlements, especially under the old apartheid system of South Africa. Merit had nothing to do with it. Whites did not merit their entitlements. There was nothing inherent or intrinsic or innate to being white which could count towards meriting white-race-based-entitlements. The white-entitlements were not earned on the basis of merit and it was this fact which made white-race-based-entitlements racist and morally questionable. Now the racial basis of apartheid styled entitlements has been reversed, space has become unsegregated but place still remains a zone of segregation. Black now replaces white. Black-entitlement replaces white-entitlement, black-entitlement necessarily requires white disentitlement, in a process called transformation. Unfortunately for the disempowered masses living in miserable states of poverty, unemployment and general deprivation, the process of radical economic transformation (RET) will bypass them, in fact it will exclude them. In reality radical economic transformation applies only to the rent-seeking compradorial class. Its reactionary re-translation reads as follows: ‘It is now our time to eat.’ Ironically transformation has become equivalent to the re-imposition of apartheid. It proves that apartheid exists as some kind of iron law whenever a society happens to be heterogeneous with regard to status and privilege and race and ethnicity and language and culture and religion. It corroborates the Law of Asymmetric Fission, which is a law of diremption, a law of tearing apart, a law of splitting into classes. Diremption is the opposite of redemption or the negation or nihilation of redemption. This kind of fission, the fission of diremption, usually accompanying redress, empowerment and transformation, following independence or decolonization, is necessarily asymmetric because it splits or tears apart the previously colonized aboriginal or indigenous or native population into a privileged small minority, consisting of a well-placed indigenous political elite who are usually bent solely on their own self-enrichment, and an overwhelming native majority who are condemned to a life of oppression, poverty and misery. Asymmetric fission is the political and economic narrative of the Global South, especially Latin America and Africa. For Latin America note the following countries: Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, Argentina and Chile. For Africa note the following countries: South Africa, Namibia, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Angola, Tanzania, Kenya, Uganda, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Cameron, Central African Republic, Ethiopia, South Sudan, Sudan, Somalia, Chad, Gabon, Nigeria, Niger, Benin, Togo, Ghana, Côte d'Ivoire, Burkina Faso, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Gambia, Senegal, Mali, Mauritania, Morocco, Algeria, Libya, and Egypt. The catalytic agent of diremption is always the Big Man, the Struggle Icon, the Liberation Hero or the Great Leader or the President for Life. This is an African trope, where the word ‘trope’ means a significant recurrent theme. In fact the Law of Asymmetric Fission can be treated as an African trope or as a trope of the Global South. I had some interesting theological discussions with Bathsheba, Wendy and Aarifa who in spite of their Pentecostalism proved to be intrepid liberation theologians, especially regarding the praxis of redemption versus the nihilation of diremption in the Global South. Liberation theology focuses on the overcoming of the multidimensional or multifaceted or co-extensive phenomenon of diremption. Their idea of liberation theology addressed the total or comprehensive reality of alterity and alienation and estrangement and injustice and inequalities and oppression and impoverishment and repression and exploitation and disempowerment. Diremption was a total tearing apart of the relationship between humans and God, and the interrelationships between humans. Diremption involves the destruction of human solidarity. The Law of Asymmetric Fission results in the destruction of genuine or authentic human solidarity. Sin as a totalizing social and theological state of affairs arises as a consequence of the Law of Asymmetric Fission. The Law of Asymmetric Fission can also be called the Law of Diremption. Redemption, and consequently radical salvation, involves the reversal or annulment of the Law of Diremption, which can also be viewed as the Law of Sin. Of course I was surprised to hear this rendition of the Christian Gospel of redemption and salvation. They spoke about the economy of sin (diremption) and the economy of salvation (redemption). The economy of sin also represents the dystopian economy of alienation. The economy of salvation is founded on an economy of remembrance or memory or on nostalgia. Nostalgia in this context becomes a subversive memory, a subversive remembering of G-d’s promises and G-d’s covenant. And I recollected my own nostalgic liberation readings of the scriptures, remembering G-ds promises and covenant regarding Israel.
Psalm 137, 1 -9: By the rivers of Babylon we sat and wept when we remembered Zion. There on the poplars we hung our harps, For there our captors asked us for songs, our tormentors demanded songs of joy; they said, “Sing us one of the songs of Zion!” How can we sing the songs of the Lord while in a foreign land? If I forget you, Jerusalem, may my right hand forget its skill. May my tongue cling to the roof of my mouth if I do not remember you, if I do not consider Jerusalem my highest joy. Remember, Lord, what the Edomites did on the day Jerusalem fell. “Tear it down,” they cried, “tear it down to its foundations!” Daughter Babylon, doomed to destruction, happy is the one who repays you according to what you have done to us. Happy is the one who seizes your infants and dashes them against the rocks.
Isaiah 40:1-11 (King James Version): Comfort ye, comfort ye my people, saith your God. Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem, and cry unto her, that her warfare is accomplished, that her iniquity is pardoned: for she hath received of the Lord's hand double for all her sins. The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make straight in the desert a highway for our God. Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made low: and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain: And the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together: for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it. The voice said, Cry. And he said, What shall I cry? All flesh is grass, and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field: The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: because the spirit of the Lord bloweth upon it: surely the people is grass. The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: but the word of our God shall stand for ever. O Zion, that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bringest good tidings, lift up thy voice with strength; lift it up, be not afraid; say unto the cities of Judah, Behold your God! Behold, the Lord God will come with strong hand, and his arm shall rule for him: behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him. He shall feed his flock like a shepherd: he shall gather the lambs with his arm, and carry them in his bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young.
7.
As a consequence of the Law of Asymmetric Fission, apartheid has constantly re-invented itself, in one form or another, throughout the Global South. In fact apartheid as a political state of affairs has always existed in Africa and the Americas, it just becomes more visible when the fission or separation occurs along racial lines, whereas it remains invisible when viewed in terms of class. Apartheid constantly or inevitably reproduces itself, especially in situations where there exists social heterogeneities. Apartheid as such cannot be eradicated. The only thing that changes is the rhetoric of apartheid. We now all live under a new rhetoric of apartheid in South Africa. A rhetoric of race, a rhetoric of transformation, a rhetoric of entitlements, a rhetoric of legacy and benefits, a rhetoric of advantaged versus disadvantaged, a rhetoric of affirmative action and economic empowerment, a rhetoric of colonization versus de-colonization. What about a rhetoric of cartography? What about a rhetoric of geography, a rhetoric of renaming streets, and spaces and places, a rhetoric of surfaces, of the manmade patinas and palimpsests which covers all surfaces, even that of the earth’s crust? What about the map of pigmentation painted by colonialism? What about the beautiful mulatta women of Luanda, the most beautiful women in the world? What about the exotic idea of the Mestiҫos Lusotropicalismo, encompassing a pro-miscegenation attitude in the colonies, was this not which gave me my own mother? What about the previously porousness of racial boundaries in the West, Central and East Rand slumlands, what about the erotic encounters between poor white women and proletarian black men who together sowed the beautiful seeds of miscegenation on the perimeters of Jo’burg? Yes what about miscegenation, the mixing of blood, what blocked this? Why could a white man not take a black or Coloured or Indian woman as his partner in a shanty town called Kalamazoo in Boksburg on the East Rand? What could be more natural, more beautiful, more erotic, and more exotic? Was not South Africa linked geographically to three worlds, the world of the Atlantic Ocean, the world of the African continent and the world of the Indian Ocean, the worlds of the Southern Hemisphere, the universe of hot fecund tropical miscegenation? Listening to Pink Floyd as I write this: ‘Mother should I build the wall.’ 
8.
South African fetishization of racial difference has now also become a post-apartheid founding mythology. Currently in South Africa the nature of the class struggle, the nature of actual existing social hierarchies and inequalities have changed. A new complacency and complicity rules. A new kind of schizophrenic existence prevails. Race has not been erased, it has been re-etched even deeper into the psyche. A new political credo based on racial differences has re-emerged in post-apartheid South Africa. As I have stated, the apartheid straitjacket of racial identity has not been broken. What about cartography? What about geography? It needs repeating. It has only changed the names of streets, and spaces and places, on the surface above the earth’s crust. But what about the map of pigmentation which should have been painted by colonialism. What about the beautiful mulatta women of Luanda, the most beautiful women in the world. What about the exotic idea of the Mestiços Lusotropicalismo, encompassing a pro-miscegenation attitude in the colonies, is this not what gave me my mother? What about the previously porousness of racial boundaries in the West, Central and East Rand slumlands, what about the erotic encounters between poor white women and proletarian black men who together sowed the beautiful seeds of miscegenation on the perimeters of Jo’burg. Yes what about miscegenation, the mixing of blood, what blocked this? Yes, why could a white man not take a black or coloured or Indian woman as his partner in a shanty town called Kalamazoo or in Sophiatown or in District Six or in Warwick Avenue in Durban? What could be more natural, more beautiful, more erotic, and more exotic? Was not South Africa linked geographically to three worlds, the world of the Atlantic Ocean the world of the African continent and the world of the Indian Ocean, the worlds of the Southern Hemisphere, the universe of hot fecund tropical miscegenation? Listening to Pink Floyd as I write this: ‘Mother should I build the wall.’
9.
The old City Hall is located on the corner of Rissik and President Street. And performativity is a form of role playing. This involves expanding the meaning of the word ‘perform’. Racial identity is performed. My mom never overtly performed any racial identity or did she? Does being a Jew result in performing a racial identity? No never! But now we live under a regime in which there is a post-apartheid hardening of racial identity and difference. This represents an unbroken continuity of an apartheid obsession with racial boundaries and racialized advantage based on racial differences. It represents a continuity of an obsession with the significance of race and which still finds expression in all dimensions of post-apartheid South Africa. South Africa remains a race obsessed country. A small window into this phenomenon of obsession with race was revealed in the debates over the significance of the apparent disproportionate racial prevalence of HIV infections. It also led to Aids/HIV-denialism among government officialdom. It also resulted in the government withholding the roll-out of antiretroviral drugs to treat HIV infection resulting in the silent genocide of 300 000 HIV sufferers. Welcome to the Global South.
10.
Many of the streets in the inner-city, especially in the flatlands of the inner-city, are lined with tall exotic trees, especially plane and oak trees, which seem to be as old as the city. They are inner-city keepers of the seasons. Each year, the adult sporophyte gives rise to a new set of indeterminate meristems at the telescoping ends of the latest branch tips and some of these branch tips develop either into male or female reproductive initials or into hermaphroditic (monecious) flowers, that is having pistillate and staminate flowers on the same plant, a condition where both male and female sex organs develop in the same flower of a plant. It was the foliage of the trees which the city fathers had planted which soften the grey starkness of the inner-city. The trees provided a niche for bird life within the city. They were also the silent nocturnal companions of the inner-city sex workers who seemed to prefer to conduct their trade away from the street lights in the shadows of these trees, a trade which began in the 1970s before the HIV pandemic. The illegal sex trade on the streets of the inner-city was completely multi-racial. The apartheid immorality act forbidding sex across racial lines was transgressed under the cover of darkness, under very the canopies of these exotic trees which the city fathers had planted. While transgressive multi-racialism took possession of the inner-city streets at night, by the end of the 1978s the demand for housing and residential accommodation had reached crisis proportions especially for the Africans, Coloureds and Indians. By the end of the 1970s transgressions of the apartheid group areas act took place with impunity within the inner-city flatlands. During the 1980s it had become completely impossible to enforce the segregation laws of apartheid with regard to the mixed-race immorality and the group areas racial segregation legislation. At the level of interracial physical and emotional intimacy, most white South Africans were ready to ditch apartheid. This was the reality on the ground. 
11.
Now twenty years into the new millennium, driving at night through the poorly lit streets of the inner-city of Jo’burg, the whites are practically all gone and the blacks have moved into the vacated spaces, and the question comes to mind: ‘What are they doing in their dingy, dim and cramped apartments? Are they watching DSTV, preparing dinner, making pap or a dish of cassava?’ In reality the inner-city of Jo’burg is now once more a cosmopolitan post-colonial city. ‘What should a cosmopolitan post-colonial city look like?’ Answer: ‘Look at Jo’burg, look at Harare, look at Maputo.’ Interestingly, the colonial architectural legacy lives on, it takes on an afterlife in the post-colonial city. In many post-colonial cities throughout Africa a strange pride is taken in certain forms of colonial architectural, especially Art Deco architecture, and such buildings Africans have repainted in pastel colours. Unlike any European city there is a complete absence of any architectural features or artefacts of great antiquity in the City of Jo’burg. No medieval architectural legacy, no gothic cathedrals or baroque facades or cobble stoned streets, and no agora. In the absence of any pre-existing indigenous city the Southern African colonial city was laid out and built on virgin foundations within a vast, empty or depopulated landscape which had previously been or had recently slid into a state of terra nullius. What is it like living in a colonial city? Think of Albert Camus who grew up in the City of Algiers in Algeria. A writer whose colonial history stands in tension with his writings, and with his history as a colonially rooted writer. What kind of writer must a ‘white skinned’ writer be if he or she has been born in Africa. Will Africa claim all its writers including its white skinned writers? There are some notable African writers who have shaped Western Civilization, think of Saint Augustine.  Fanon states: ‘Because colonization is the extension of the mother country, the history which the colonist writes is not that of the despoiled country, but the history of his own nation.’ But we, unlike Camus, are nationless settlers by virtue of our being nothing more than accidental castaways, the flotsam and jetsam strewn over the expanse of the earth in the wake of dying imperialisms and empires. We have no motherland other than the soil beneath our feet wherever we happen to find ourselves by virtue of the place into which we have been born. We write our own history from the perspective of nationless castaways. Every age becomes is its own Dark Age even the age of post-colonialism, and what could darker than the post-colonial age. What Fanon states is not universally true for those who can be identified as ‘white writers’.
12.
The Dark Age returns. Everywhere the stench of rotting corpses fills the atmosphere of history. Jo’burg, Harare, Lusaka, Maputo, Beira, and Luanda, have been all transformed into African necropolises, cities of the dead, corpses filling suburbs, towns, cities and street. Everywhere the reign of folly prevails. The Big Man fits the mould of the comic book antihero. The Big Man is the paradigm of all antiheroes – arrogant, hard, dark, brutal, complex, thoughtless, imperfect, narcissistic, and fallible, a flawed human being, definitely not a defender or enabler of the Good. How can you fight for the supreme Good in the face of the Big Man or in the presence of his existence? The post-colonial Big Man becomes the man of folly, the man filled with his own self-importance, the instigator of extreme consequences, unhappy is the land over which he rules, under his reign there is only crisis and uncertainty and ruination and despair and hopelessness and betrayal, his reign ushers in a dark age, this is the historical moment he creates. This represents the true meaning of the rewriting of history. There is no other history to reclaim or write about. There is no other history to make. History does not exist. History has to be invented. Its meaning has to be invented. To reinvent meaning is to reimagine something different. Inexorably the end of history means Total Collapse. The rising tide of the unexpected and uncontrollable events brings history to its end. And the Big Man will be trampled to death at the gates (see 2 Kings 7:20). The Big Man like King Canute thinks he can stop the rising tide of events, and reverse or annul the unintended consequences of cause and effect arising mainly from the policies of his government. As a man of folly thinks he can stop this rising tide of history by quantitative easing, buy printing more money. He thinks he can stop the rising tide and circumvent the end of history by printing money. The Big Man is always prone to magical thinking. He is a firm believer in magic. And printing money is an exercise in magic. Even Mugabe, the very model of the African Big Man, certainly believed in the power of magic, failed to magically create value from nothing by printing paper. The Big Man tries to copy the leaders in the Big Countries. They print money all the time when they need to, so why can’t he? We know that the printing of money is how fait currency is created in the Big Country and it is done to bolster the Big Country’s economy – something which the Big Country calls quantitative easing – and it is also the source of the world’s problems. The Big Country as embodied in the US helped create one of the biggest financial bubbles in history. Which also resulted in the mother of all meltdowns. When the financial bubble eventually bursts as it must, it triggers a catastrophic economic crash. In the Big Country, in order to save the Big Country’s economy, by a financial boot-strapping exercise, the central bank ended up buying all the junk-rated debt which the banks had created. But the Big Man is not always the ruler of a Big Country. As a heroic liberation leader and anti-colonial nationalist he rules a small post-colonial one-party democratically-centralized nation state in which any real political opposition has never been tolerated. He has no central bank and other institutions like the Big Country which are able to miraculously save his worthless currency which has been turned into shit by quantitative easing. Both the buyers and the sellers of dodgy bonds have been ultimately supported by the reserve or central or federal banks of the Big Countries even though there were no illusions regarding the riskiness of owning and issuing BBB-rated debt. The 1% rich are always saved from their folly at the expense of the poor tax payer. But this can only happen in the so-called Big Countries, but never in the small post-colonial and post-liberation nation-states of the third and developing world. 
13.
Think financial entropy. Think of the kind of entropy which drives economies over the brink. Think: Ludwig Boltzmann (1844-1906), the inventor of Maxwell’s demon. Think about the deep and unbridgeable gap between the knowing subject (the economist) and the object to-be-known (the thing-in-itself or economy). Now back to reimagining the post-colonial African Superhero Comic Book within the metaphysical framework of the infinite never-ending and ever-repeating of the same finite history, the history of folly and oligarchy and diremption and fission. The comic book plot always revolves around the betrayal of trust. In the African superhero comic book the Big Man and the Big Crook operate hand-in-glove as antiheroes. The superhero is always some fearless and clever investigative journalist who constantly uncovers the secret machinations of the Big Man and the Big Crook in their never ending spree of corruption, looting, plunder and pillage of the resources of the Little Country following its independence or decolonization. The rhetoric of the comic book moves endlessly from issue to issue between nostalgia and dystopia, between hope and despair, in an endless cycle of betrayal. Somehow Maxwell’s demon is also at work behind the scenes in the cartoon strips of the comic book. Think of the Big Man and the Big Crook as agents of entropy who always end up creating a dystopia of disorder. The Big Man and the Big Crook are enemies of order. The investigative journalist tirelessly works to restore order through the good work of unveiling, uncovering and disclosing the dark machinations of the Big Man and the Big Crook. The struggle between Order and Goodness versus Disorder and Evil represents the war between Light and Darkness. The war against evil involves exposing evil to the illuminating radiance of light, which means uncovering, unveiling and disclosing the dark hidden machinations of evil to the radiant light of public knowledge. The Big Man and the Big Crook do everything in their power to stop or hinder the work of the investigative journalist. The Big Man and the Big Crook can only operate effectively in the dark world of secrets. For them press freedom, freedom of expression, political opposition, human rights, and due process are anathema. The comic book caricatures of the Big Man and the Big Crook are always represented by tall muscular men wearing dark sunglasses and dressed in Dormeiul Vanquish II suits and wearing Brunello Cucinelli shoes and always surrounded by machine gun-toting body guards and driven around at high speed in blue-light cavalcades of shining spanking new black SUVs with sirens screaming. And ever so often the Big Man’s blue-light flashing and siren screaming cavalcade of brand new SUVs makes a well-publicized carnivalesque foray into the sprawling squatter camps and informal settlements. He addresses the assembled crowds with superbly composed and politically seductive speeches which from a rhetorical perspective must have written by someone who shares the same speech writing skills as Lysias in Plato’s ‘Phaedrus’. The speeches are packed with quotes from Franz Fanon, Amílcar Lopes da Costa Cabral, Paulo Freire, Karl Marx, Vladimir Lenin, Kwame Nkrumah, Mao Zedong, Hồ Chí Minh, Pol Pot, Voltaire, and Niccolò Machiavelli. He promises that there is going to be rapid and radical economic transformation and expropriation of land and mines and businesses without compensation. Everyone will have a job and a social grant and free education and free health care and a free house and a free lunch. His speech is also littered with phrases regarding the imminent end of inequality, the evils of colonization and the unfinished business of decolonization of school and university curricula. After the speeches food parcels, footballs and T-shirts with the great leaders face emblazoned on the front are handed out to the crowds. Diremption!



Chapter Nineteen

1.
After taking leave of Millicent, I realized that everything was now up in the air as I drove down the spiralling concrete ramp of the multi-storeyed parkade at OR Tambo International Airport taking the R24 exit to Johannesburg (Jo’burg), joining the congested bumper-to-bumper stream of slow-moving late afternoon traffic on the highway as it curved past the industrial township of Isando. Now with roughly two-thirds of my life already gone, I found myself literally at the threshold of a new beginnings or at the edge of the abyss of the great unknown. Could this be the End? Actually the thought crossed my mind. The Isando of the late 1970s and early 1980s no longer existed. For example, the row of pharmaceutical companies which once populated Electron Road since the 1960s, when OR Tambo International Airport was known as Jan Smuts Airport, had all disappeared. This historical process, which I was cognisant of, put me in a reflective mood. These kinds of changes can be unsettling. But in reality, nature and everything else is undergoing irrevocable change, everything is subject to the laws of thermodynamics and entropy reigns supreme. The end for everything is always the state of maximum disorder. This is the only non-mythological telos which governs all existence. Going to back to entropy. Unlike Aristotle’s acorn seed entropy possesses no intrinsic telos. Entropy serves no purpose or end. Its destination is the chaos of random, directionless and disordered motion. But nothing can happen without an increase in entropy, even changing the name of a street or place or space results in the creation of entropy. The entire material universe, everything contained within the bounds of the universe, including cities, states and political economies, are all subject to irreversible change in a downhill direction, this is the ultimate non-teleological grand narrative which applies to everything, to the whole of reality, and it circumscribes the whole of reality, nothing can escape the disintegrative ravages and heat death of entropy. It is the only grand narrative which encompasses the truth of everything, and which is simultaneously devoid of all telos, and being a story without any meaning, it serves no mythology, and is thus devoid of all mythos. In the end entropy rules over everything which ever existed in the material universe. It is the story about everything. It is the plot about the End of everything that ever existed in the universe, whether it be galaxies, stars, solar systems, planets, continents, mountains, ecosystems, cities, states, societies and economies. Nothing can escape destruction. Everything eventually turns into dust. Entropy is the price of order and the debt which order incurs, a debt which can never be fully amortized. 
2.
And there is also another grand narrative which is also empty of all telos and thus empty of myth or mythos: In the broad sweep of history in which humanity stands in phylogenetic continuity with the animal and plant and fungal and prokaryotic kingdoms, all human constructed narratives in which the plot is based on some underlying telos, the story in its breadth and depth remains nothing more that a truthless tale of mythos. Yet reason or logos, which is also the foundation of human freedom, autonomy and empowerment is rooted in the biology of compassion, empathy and conscience. There is nothing else. There is only biology. Good and evil have no objective existence within the vast ocean of indifference which we call the cosmos. The Universe is not Manichean. Post-Palaeolithic human existence has been one long uninterrupted recurrence of apocalypse after apocalypse. This is the inexorable fate of human existence. Apocalypse will follow apocalypse until all humanity, as a species of the animal kingdom, eventually becomes extinct, and vanishes forever from the stage of planet earth. To see all things human in their proper light or significance, as biological phenomenon, it is useful and enlightening to take the example of the parasite or pathogen as the exemplary lifeform which best characterizes the essential nature of humanity as a species of animal. As one evolved lifeform amongst a diversity of others, humans are neither good nor evil, they just do what they do whatever it is that they do. Humans are what they do. As pathogenic parasites they now occupy the top of the food chain. They are engaged in the unsustainable consumption of everything at a planetary scale. They consume entire species of animal and plant life to the point of extinction. They consume forests, oceans, minerals and entire continents. 
3.
Within what frame of reference could the collective actions of the human species be judged from a moral standpoint? Within the framework of a materialist or physicalist conception of a causally closed Universe, any human actions or behaviours which could be morally conceptualized as the Good, would have to necessarily arise as an emergent phenomenon, otherwise it could  not exist even as an idea, nor could evil exist as an idea. Within a materialist or physicalist conception of the Universe the moral idea of the Good as such has no independent existence as a transcendental ordering of things. In a materialist cosmos, the possibility of the Good, as a moral principle for the ethical ordering and governance of human life, can only exist or come into existence as an emergent property in the form of an evolutionary adaptation which increases the fitness of the species with regard to survival and reproduction. As such it has to emerge as a product or effect of causation which is contingent on an arrangement of immanent predispositions or powers and properties within the realm of matter in motion. However, the motion of matter is purposeless, the motion is not for the sake of the realization of the Good in a teleological or purposeful fashion or is it? In other words the underlying purpose (even using the word ‘purpose’ in this manner, and in this context is meaningless and irrational) of matter in motion at every level from the microscopic to the macroscopic is never for the sake of anything else, such as the realization of a transcendental Good or moral order. All physical and biological processes operate beyond Good and Evil. The ‘Good’ if it does happen, it happens only serendipitously, as an accident. As a biologist and scientist, for me, on the basis of reason and evidence, it is my personal conclusion that with regard to history there is no right or wrong side to be on, history is just the passage of events and episodes, there is no telos or purpose or end to history, there is only a mythos of history, and so there can only be a mythos of purpose. Why should this be the case? It is because there is no underlying logos guiding history to some purposeful or meaningful end or goal. There is no ultimate underlying purpose which nature or history serves. This is the same as saying there is no end or telos which guides nature or history. Nature and history are ultimately purposeless, and therefore meaningless. Think of the Doors, ‘This is the End’. 
4.
The journey has no destination, the journey proceed along a road with endless forks, branching ultimate to nowhere. Is this a nihilist view of how things are? No it is not, because G-d exists. And everything happens according to G-d’s good pleasure. Yes G-d exists, but not as the G-d of Spinoza. How do we reconcile an apparently purposeless and amoral Universe with G-d the Creator? Surely this need some explanation. Regarding human life on earth the Book of Ecclesiastes, depending on the translation, rings with the words: vanity, futility and meaningless. From chapter 1 verse 2 different translations read as follows: ‘Meaningless! Meaningless!’ says the Teacher. ‘Utterly meaningless! Everything is meaningless,’ or ‘Vanity of vanities,’ says the Preacher, ‘vanity of vanities! All is vanity,’ or ‘Futility of futilities,’ says the Teacher, ‘futility of futilities! Everything is futile!’ From the Book of Psalms were read: Psalm 39, 6: Surely every man goes about like a phantom; surely he bustles in vain; he heaps up riches not knowing who will haul them away. Psalm 89, 47: Remember how short my lifespan is. For what futility have You created all men! And in the Book of Job, chapter 7, verses 3 – 21, we read about the meaninglessness and futility of life from the following translation: ‘…so I have been allotted months of futility, and nights of misery have been assigned to me. When I lie down I think, ‘How long before I get up?’ The night drags on, and I toss and turn until dawn. My body is clothed with worms and scabs, my skin is broken and festering. My days are swifter than a weaver’s shuttle, and they come to an end without hope. Remember, O G-d, that my life is but a breath; my eyes will never see happiness again. The eye that now sees me will see me no longer; you will look for me, but I will be no more. As a cloud vanishes and is gone, so one who goes down to the grave does not return. He will never come to his house again; his place will know him no more. Therefore I will not keep silent; I will speak out in the anguish of my spirit, I will complain in the bitterness of my soul. Am I the sea, or the monster of the deep, that you put me under guard? When I think my bed will comfort me and my couch will ease my complaint, even then you frighten me with dreams and terrify me with visions, so that I prefer strangling and death, rather than this body of mine. I despise my life; I would not live forever. Let me alone; my days have no meaning.  “What is mankind that you make so much of them, that you give them so much attention, that you examine them every morning and test them every moment? Will you never look away from me, or let me alone even for an instant? If I have sinned, what have I done to you, you who see everything we do? Why have you made me your target? Have I become a burden to you?  Why do you not pardon my offenses and forgive my sins? For I will soon lie down in the dust; you will search for me, but I will be no more…’
5.
The journey of an individual human life or even human history in itself, in its entirety, has no ultimate destination. The telos and mythos of human life and human history, whatever its form or content, have all been falsified. Mythos has always been fake news. Travelling along the infinite forking road, the journey of life or history has no meaningful signposts or direction, hence the journey of life or history leads to nowhere, the journey is the inexorable increase in the magnitude of entropy. So it does not ultimately matter which forks you take along life’s road. The destination does not really change in the big scheme of things. The end is always the same. Does any virus, bacteria, protist or single celled eukaryotic organism, fungi, algae, plant or animal exist for the purpose of, or for the sake of realizing some overriding or underlying, greater metaphysical or theological or moral end or meaning or significance or telos? No, of course not! Viruses, bacteria, protists, fungi, algae, plants or animal do not exist for the benefit or purpose of humankind. Humankind is part of nature, and not the pinnacle realization of nature. The Universe or Nature or Reality has not given man a divine mandate to have dominion over life on earth. The very notion or idea is completely absurd and without foundation. This no basis for believing that a human life is worth more than the life of any of the ‘lowest’ forms of life on earth.  We are animals, we are related to all other animals by sharing a common ancestor. We are the products of genetic variation and natural selection. Even when we happen to do good, or desire to do good, or pursue the good for its own sake, we are being motivated or compelled by behaviours which are the results of natural selection, or which are due to evolutionary adaptations, in other words, such actions or agencies arise from our biological constitution, or supervene on our biological constitution. They have no other source. They cannot be derived from any other source, such as a transcendental and divinely mandated moral order. There is no such transcendental Divine Law (I will eventually get to the theology underlying this supposition, but until then please stay with me dear reader, we have journeyed this far). There are materialistic or physicalist or naturalist explanations for why we often behave the way we do, that is, in ways which can be characterized as desiring the good or pursuing the good, seemingly for its own sake. We use myth to give sense to the passage of events and to provide reasons for the way things are. If there is any foundation for morality or justice, it is conscience, empathy and the expression on the human face which stirs us to do what we believe is 'right'. Anything else or more than this involves a great leap of faith. Marx, Nietzsche, Sartre and Camus and many others did not believe in a Manichean universe in which good and evil rage in a great life and death struggle.
6.
It is the rhetorics of ethos, pathos and telos which provides the foundations for the kinds of mythos which legitimate and thereby give rise to the horrors and inhumanities of Auschwitz, apartheid, and the gulags of this world, and also to the perpetration of the terrors under the excuse of vanguardism. Emmanuel Levinas was right in proposing that all morality and ethics can only be based on the capacity to be moved by the expressions of suffering on the human face - and this is the legacy of evolutionary natural selection - it is what has 'saved' humanity from extinction thus far. It is also the biological foundation of the myth underlying the golden rule. I write this as a Jew. But you may wonder whether I can take up this position and still be consistent with Judaism? Yes I can. We can never claim to fully know G-d or the Torah or the Bible or the rabbinic writings. An Aggadic assertion states: ‘Midrash came into being the very moment a certain text was treated as Scripture; Midrash is the shadow of Scripture.’ We cannot even claim to know the will of G-d. We cannot even comprehend what it means for G-d to be truly G-d. For G-d to be truly G-d nothing can exist independently of G-d’s will. But only G-d is able to comprehend and know and understand the will of G-d and act in accordance with that will. So then what is the will of G-d with regard to the nature of the Good, within a materialist or physicalist framework of human conduct, actions and agency? It is simple: Love your neighbour as you love yourself. And who is my neighbour? The stranger is always your neighbour.
7.
While on the subject of Judaism, let me quote from another book written by Hannah Zeeman entitled ‘Hotazel: Journal Writings of Lipstick Lesbian’, which Millicent bought. The author writes…Why am I a Jew? Judaism is a religion of merit and favour. It is based on earning merits or favours through a system of exchange which constitutes a salvific commerce. There is a commercial dimension to Judaism. Judaism is a religion in which the salvific dimension or framework or system of belief is based on exchange, transactions, covenants, loans, bonds, debts and repayments. But also at the heart of the Judaic or Hebraic salvific system is the idea of G-d’s own kenosis by virtue of which the salvific commerce is able to exist at all. In fact G-d’s own kenosis is the centre, the pivot, the fulcrum or the axis round which the salvific system of Judaism articulates. In the act of self-emptying G-d ceases to be the Unmoved Mover of Aristotle, and thereby becomes the personal G-d of a people who He/She has elected. To be elected is to be chosen. To be chosen is to be made special or placed in privileged relationship. Hidden as something unthought in the salvific theology of Judaism is the dialectic of sin, merit and favour which can be interpreted and expanded also as the dialectic of election, covenant, bond and debt. The dialectic of sin, merit, favour, election, covenant, bond, debt and release from debt articulates ideas and concepts which have salvific meaning and significance with regard to the Hebraic relationship to G-d. In the dialectic of election, sin, merit, favour, bond, debt and release from debt, it is G-d who, without any prompting or persuasion or lobbying, elected to make a covenant with Abraham out of His/Her own volition. G-d does not need to make a covenant with any person or people. There exists no transcendental necessity or imperative for the Divine Being, the Creator of the Universe to make any kind of covenant with any party or thing. But G-d elected to make a covenant with Abraham. That G-d elected also means in a pregnant fashion that G-d necessarily condescended to the making of a covenant with Israel. In this context, condescending, becomes an act of self-emptying or kenosis. G-d condescended precisely because the Divine Being had no need to make any covenant with any party. G-d elects to act because G-d is free to do so. Kenosis is an act of G-d’s freedom. If G-d was not free to act G-d would not be G-d. G-d freely makes a promise to Abraham and to Israel which made it possible for Israel to serve G-d. To make possible, means to enable, to empower and thereby to allow Israel to serve G-d, even though G-d does not need anyone to serve Him/Her in any kind of way. If G-d needed anything or was dependent on anybody G-d would not be G-d. The paradigm for serving G-d in Judaism takes the form of sacrifice. In Judaism G-d is served by offering sacrifices to G-d on an altar. Sacrificial offering are made on an altar for the One who has no needs and who cannot be given anything. To give anything to the One who has no needs implies that the One who is served a sacrificial offering is someone in need of something, it means that the One who has no needs acts as One who is deprived. In order for G-d to be served in any manner means that G-d has to act as one who is deprived and to act as one deprived necessarily involves an act of kenosis or self-emptying in order to receive. In order to receive one has to be in a state of not having, to be in a state of need, to be deprived, to be in a state of deprivation. G-d’s acting as one who is deprived, G-d’s kenosis and G-d’s self-emptying, is G-d’s gracious condescension. In G-d’s gracious condescension God becomes the debtor, the one who borrows or receives loans from all. G-d becomes bonded to all. Through G-d’s free act of condescension or self-emptying, G-d becomes engaged or enters into a relation with humanity based on exchange or based on a form of commerce. In exchange for our prayers and observances G-d blesses us. Prayers and observances are not works that earn merit or favour from G-d, they are ways of giving something to G-d in the form of loans. All offerings made to G-d whatever their form, whether they are observances, prayers, acts of mercy or acts of kindness, all constitute loans or bonds made out to G-d. In giving alms to the needy and the poor we are in fact giving a loan to G-d. In all these various forms of giving and serving we have the reassurance that G-d will make good on the loan or the bonds. There is a seamless covenantal relationship between G-d into which is woven observance, belief, confession, faith, sacrificial serving and the granting of loans and bonds. Semantically speaking the one who issues a loan becomes a creditor or is called a creditor, and the word ‘creditor’ is derived from the word credere which also means ‘to believe’. Within the salvific economy there is no difference between issuing a loan and performing an act of faith. Loan and faith are inseparables. Giving and faith are inseparables. Without giving you have no faith. Also without faith you cannot believe anything. Doing so-called good works is synonymous with believing, as Jews we believe by doing works of observance, prayer, act of kindness and mercy. Works, faith and belief are inseparable in the economy of exchange which constitutes the salvific commerce of Judaism. In the context of the salvific commerce of Judaism Deuteronomy 15:10 advises: ‘Give to your needy neighbour readily and have no regrets when you do so’. In a summarized version of a Midrash on this verse in Deuteronomy a philosopher asks: ‘Surely a man who gives will end up having nothing and will need to be supported himself?’ Rabbi Gamliel answered the philosopher with a series of questions which revolved around the conditions on which a loan will be granted to someone in need. The philosopher agreed each time that a loan can be granted if a deposit is made or if someone of means agrees to stand surety. But someone without means cannot stand for surety on a loan. So if a mere ordinary mortal with means can offer surety for a loan how more will G-d’s surety stand for a loan when G-d’s word brought the whole Universe into existence, for does not Proverbs 19:17 state: ‘He who is generous to the poor makes a loan to G-d…’ If the Torah brought the whole of reality, including the future, into existence, then I as a Jew have nothing to fear regarding the either reality or the future.


Chapter Twenty

1.
After submitting my PhD thesis for examination in January 1989 I ended up filling the remainder of that year as a sales representative for Alpha-Omega Chemicals, suppliers of fine laboratory chemicals, before taking up a lecturing position at the University of the Witwatersrand (Wits). In Isando some of the companies that I regularly visited included Lederle, Beecham, Pfizer, Eli Lilly, Bayer, Roche, Scherag Pharmaceuticals, SA Breweries, Total Oil and Epic Oil, driving down roads bearing names such as Anvil, Atom, Brewery, Electron, Industries, and Wrench. The noun Isando means hammer in isiZulu. On the right, to the north, across the highway, lay the industrial township of Sebenza. The word ‘Sebenza’ means work in isiZulu. During my very short sales repping stint while on the road, when I got tired of listening to my tapes which at the time including Pink Floyd, Bob Dylan, Rolling Stones, Beatles, Johnny Clegg, Paul Clingman, Joan Armatrading, The Who, Jimi Hendrix, Led Zeppelin and so on so forth, I would start switching from one radio station to next. Some days I would become completely fixated on a particular lyric or song, and I would rewind the tape and replay that particular lyric again and again. Examples would be: ‘Ramble On’ (Led Zeppelin). As a teenager in high school at Damelin College our English teacher would regale us with stores about what it was like growing up in the 1950s and 1960s. Apparently during the sixties transistor radios would be constantly tuned into the short-wave broadcasts of LM Radio. The radio signal was beamed from Lourenço Marques, a colonial romantic coastal city, across the border in Mozambique. Elevated perches of hotels offered holiday visitors a panoramic view of the Indian Ocean. While she was a teenager my first born daughter Veronica jokingly used to refer to my own musical preferences, which happened to be rock music chiefly from the 1960s to the 1980s, as dad’s version of classical music. As I drove westwards, away from OR Tambo towards Edenvale, the default radio station in the Tucson was Jacaranda FM and I was listening with half an ear to the ‘Scenic Drive with Riaan’ show. I felt strongly that the music which hit the top of the pop charts partially owed its popularity to the moods it managed to evoke in the listener. Moods which could be relived to some degree especially if music resonated uniquely and memorably to the milieu, events, love relations and life experiences which were specific for a given period within the timeframe of one’s personal history. The replaying of a tune or melody or lyric of some hit from the past often exerts its magical power on the psyche, resuscitating the ghosts of the past, stirring up all those latent feelings or emotions or thoughts or memories long forgotten. And often in the wake of such an auditory experience the resuscitation of ephemeral feelings of melancholy, nostalgia, forlornness, and yearning, and longing, would linger momentarily in one’s soul like the uncertain flame of a flickering candle. But, unless you are prone to depression, they endure for only a brief bitter-sweet moment before evaporating away like the shadow of a moving cloud. 
2.
I was feeling depressed after taking leave of Millicent. And I was experiencing an overwhelming feeling of inexplicable loss. It felt like my life had added up to nothing. I knew that things were never going to be the same again without Millicent. I was now alone like I had never been alone before. A parting of the ways had occurred. I was now at that fork in the road. Millicent will remain a whole person, she has made the right decision. Thankfully our separation had been amicable. We spoke almost the whole night before her departure. There were tears. She did not want to be torn away from her family, nor did she want to lose me. I understood. She had often said at dinner parties that she had fallen in love with my mind. I was always embarrassed by Millicent’s confession. My riposte: I had also fallen in love with her mind. I had grown up believing that I was clever. My parents never grew tired of informing me of the fact that I was extremely clever and that I would go far in life, and I basked in the golden sunlight of their praise, and also took comfort in their confidence regarding my future prospects. 
3.
But there was no slacking in the parental refrain: that if I steadfastly continued to work diligently at my school work, always achieving the top marks in the class, then it was guaranteed that the world would become my oyster. Like, my mom and dad, I was also an avid reader. Hence my cleverness. Our home was filled with books on every topic under the sun, fiction and non-fiction, which my dad had collected over the years. They also subscribed to the Time Magazine, Life Magazine, and the Reader’s Digest. We had also over the years acquired a substantial collection of Reader’s Digest books. My father was a compulsive autodidact who believed in continuous self-improvement through self-study. We were both members of the Johannesburg City Library, he read both fiction and non-fiction books which he loaned from the library. I spent many afternoons in the Johannesburg City Library doing school homework. On those days he would meet me at the library after work and we would walk together to Johannesburg Park Station to catch the train back to Boksburg. The Johannesburg City Library first opened in 1935. My father, Clifford Swift, appeared outwardly in public spaces as an invisible and insignificant person, in the company of strangers he was always awkward and self-effacing, at work he was unassuming, yet reliable, diligent and extremely competent, he was the exemplary backroom boy, never taking credit for anything, even though he only had a higher diploma in engineering, his technical/engineering knowledge and creative initiatives regarding the design of steel supportive and mechanical structures for every aspect of the mining industry was legendary. Towards his small family he was gentle, caring and loving, and in the secure warm intimacy of our small home in Witfield Boksburg he was Cliffy to my mom and ‘my dad’ to me. To us he was our provider and protector, and with us in the privacy of our home he was open and engaging and talkative, always full of surprises about what he knew, possessing the mind of an archivist. Regarding their social relationships with the rest of the world, my dad and mom stood apart, there was an element of ‘alterity’ to their social state of being, they embodied an ‘otherness’, and because of this there were always two sides to their being, the visible and invisible, the expressed and the repressed. They were naturally reclusive. I was the only one who truly knew them in terms of the real or genuine persons that they were. They were genuine, I don’t how else to put. They were unpretentious. I was the only witness in the universe to the intimate and personal aspects of their lives. 
4.
This person who was my dad, was also a complete mystery, born out of wedlock in 1920 in Germiston, growing up in Boksburg in a suburb known as Plantation. And this other person was my mom, a complete enigma, born in 1923 in Beira, an Indian Ocean port city, in what used to be called Portuguese East Africa, and is now called Moçambique, after the FRELIMO (Mozambique Liberation Front, the Frente de Libertação de Moçambique) won independence in 1975. Beira was a port city in the centrally located Sofala Province of Mozambique. My mother of Spanish decent was a fourth generation Mozambican, who was fluent in Spanish, Portuguese and English. She could also speak Sena. A language which she had learnt as a child and had not forgotten. Sena is an African language of the Sena people who as a group have historically occupied the Zambezi River Valley and who also share linguistic and cultural affinities with the Shona people of Zimbabwe. She spoke English with a heavy Portuguese accent. Towards the latter half of the nineteen century Beira became the gateway for trade between the Indian Ocean and the landlocked colonies of Southern and Northern Rhodesia, Nyasaland and Central Africa. My mother’s great grandfather was possibly the first and only Spanish merchant and prazo-holder operating in the eighteenth century within the Zambezi region in the centre of Mozambique, where he owned a vast tract of land which had been granted to him by the Portuguese Crown. It was possible that he was involved in the gold, ivory and slave trade. I have my suspicions that my maternal ancestors like many of the Portuguese prazo community in the eighteenth and nineteen century did engage in intermarriage with Africans. Her father ran an export and import business in Beira. In 1942 during the Second World War my mother arrived at the age of 19 in Johannesburg under circumstances which remain a dark mystery. She started work as a presser before becoming a seamstress in the garment industry. At the end of 1950s as a single woman she moved to Boksburg where she stayed in a tiny flat close to Boksburg Station corner. Before moving to Boksburg, as you know, she had lived alone in a small flat in Malvern overlooking Jules Street. 
5.
When Britain declared war on Germany my father was one of the many South Africans who volunteered for fulltime military service in the South African Army to fight in the Great War against the Nazis. During the Secord World War he was a rifleman in the South African 1st Infantry Division. While he never spoke about the war I know that he was engaged in combat in North Africa in 1941 and 1942, including the Battle of El Alamein. After the war he became a member of the Memorial Order of the Tin Hats (MOTH) and throughout his life he wore the little tin hat MOTH badge on the left lapel of his jackets. I have a vague recollection of MOTH ‘Christmas Tree’ functions for kids that I went to as a child at the MOTH building in De Villiers Street near Park Station. I also distinctively remember that Bugs Bunny and Tom and Jerry cartoon movies were shown. What was also undocumented, unshared, unknown, forgotten, invisible and repressed and which also formed those large secretive lacunae in the private and personal history of their previous lives before they got married and before I was born, continued to haunt me after they had passed away. I loved them so much and their departure left a huge unfillable void in my own life. I also felt a deep sense of loss following their passing away because historically speaking they were the only family connection I had knowledge of. Now more than ever I needed to know more about them. I have managed to only piece together the barest fragments of mother’s biography. 
6.
With regard to my mother I wanted to believe that there was some ‘phylogenetic truth’ for her ‘mixed blood’ being due to the Moorish occupation of the Iberian Peninsula. In truth there was a discernible lack of whiteness in the inner tranquil beauty of my mother. I imagined that my mother belonged to the mixed race progeny of Gilberto Freyre’s Lusotropicalismo. After my own inadvertent coming of age in a manner of speaking with regard to political consciousness and a growing sense of outrage against apartheid, my parents began to open a window for me so that I could gaze back into their past and get a glimpse of what had been their world and personal journey from Germiston and Beira to our modest middle class ‘white lives’ in Witfield, Boksburg. As you already know, as I also feel the need to repeat, my mom as young woman began her career as a seamstress in the garment industry. During the time she worked as a seamstress she had been a member of the Garment Workers Union. During her childhood and teenage years, Beira, her birth place, was a small remote sandy port city situated in the Sofala Province, which in turn was located in the middle of the map of Mozambique.
7.
In 1891 the urban and commercial settlement of Beira and the province of Sofala province was officially entrusted into the hands of a colonial chartered company known as the Companhia de Moçambique (Company of Mozambique). Beira itself was founded on what was once an ancient Arab Muslim settlement that had originally been established as a slave, ivory and gold trading post, possibly from as far back as the 10th century. As one of many similar East African commercial and trading hubs and nodes within what was once the global Indian Oceanic World Beira was hardly ever a city, then or now. The very first street and town plan was drawn up in 1899 for strip of treeless terrain of shifting sands between the beach dunes and left bank of the Chiveve River which flowed into the large Pungwe River estuary which formed a large sheltered natural harbour. The city started as a village which was first developed in an easterly direction towards the sea before growing on the right side or west bank of the Chiveve River. It was granted city status in 1907. The first main street was António Enes Avenue, lying roughly in a south to north direction which intersected with a series of streets running from the river to the sand dunes. The first houses were rude wooden structures. 
8.
She had never returned to Beira or Mozambique. The only connection she had with her Mozambican past were a collection of old black and white photographs, frozen images of a tropical Portuguese colonial city port urbanscape on the edge of the Indian Ocean. As a colonial port city it had once been the busy terminus of the East African corridor to the Indian Ocean. Paging through my mother’s photo album I am transported to a Lusophone Africa which no longer exists. In my imagination I live on the borderline, belonging to and not belonging to that world which brought her into existence. In my imagination I place myself into the world she came from. I place myself into the lacunae and into the interstitial spaces, into times and spaces and places which are now buried beneath the rubble, ruins and debris. In my imagination I insert myself into those symbolic places and spaces of a pre- and post-colonial world, the world which brought my mother into existence. Images of streets, places and spaces left over from an imperial past are preserved in my mother’s photo album. Now ruination in Beira symbolizes the shambolic ineptitude of the so-called decolonizing liberators. Post-colonial ruination follows in the wake of a rising kleptocratic oligarchy. Wanting to reconcile conflicting loyalties, I did eventually make my own journey to Beira and the Sofala province. I wanted to re-connect with the deep roots of my mysterious and contradictory and conflictual African heritage. Yes mysterious, contradictory and conflictual, because I deed not perceive myself as coloured or black, I was a white person. During that pilgrimage I sank into a deep state of introspection which my travelling companion mistook for depression mingled with melancholic nostalgia which had been sparked by my wanting to learn more about my Mozambican roots. I tried to re-imagine the Mozambique of my maternal ancestors. I wanted the impossible, I wanted to see the world through their eyes, I wanted to feel what they felt.
9.
In 2003 during my sabbatical I had the opportunity to do field work in Mozambique in connection with the biocontrol of Eldana saccharin. The sugarcane stalk boring larvae of the moths belonging to this particular Lepidopteran species were a serious pest to the sugarcane industry. I managed to organize free lodgings at the Açucareira de Xinavane (sugarcane estate) at Xinavane near Maputo and at Mafambisse sugarcane estate close to Beira. The two previously colonial owned sugarcane estates with their sugar mills which had fallen into complete ruination following the independence of Mozambique had now been fully rehabilitated by South Africans and were been operated and managed by white South African technical and engineering teams. For a long time I wanted to visit Beira. I wanted to trace my maternal ancestral and colonial roots in that city. My travelling companion and research collaborator was Dr Andela Cumbane, a Mozambican who was a senior lecturer at the Eduardo Mondlane University. He had completed his MSc in my lab under my supervision before doing his PhD at the University of Arizona in Tucson. He was young, bright, good looking, and an incorrigible womanizer, and I began to believe that he was on the slippery slope to becoming an alcoholic. He reminded me of someone in my class while I was an undergraduate. If I remember, I will remind you later on regarding that connection.  
10.
The colonial staff housing at Xinavane sugarcane estate, which was established in 1914 by a British company and which was previously known as Comati Sugarcane Estate, reminded me of the kind of housing, which had been built for white mineworker families on the East Rand goldfields. As a safeguard against malaria the houses with their corrugated iron roofing were completely surrounded by covered porches enclosed behind mosquito-proof wire gauze screening. All windows opening onto the porch were also sealed with fine mosquito-proof wire gauzing. The front door foyers doubled-up as a mosquito-proofing and mosquito isolation antechamber. On entering the foyer the front door had to be closed immediately behind one. Only then could the foyer entrance door be opened and then immediately closed behind one once one had entered the hall. By following this entrance ritual the interior of the house could be maintained mosquito free. Originally residence served as a single quarters for unmarried men. It was square in shaped with four bedrooms, each one opening on the porch. There was large communal lounge with a door leading into a large dining room and a door leading from the dining room in large kitchen. Baroque style ball and claw furnishing from the 1950 filled the rooms. Two bathrooms and toilets opened onto the porch. A welcoming reception party had been organized for us. It was a pleasant surprise as we had not expected that any official importance would have been attached to our visit. An abundance of tasty and spicy Portuguese cuisine, cold drinks and ice cold Laurentina Beer had been provided curtsey of the management of the company. Except for the presence of a jovial senior Frelimo government official our hosts were all white male South African expats who were members of the senior management and technical staff. All the expats were obsessed with avoiding being bitten by mosquitos. They all wore long trousers and shirts with sleeves rolled down. Mosquito repellent had been liberally applied to their hands, necks and faces. They were also on constant alert for the buzz of any mosquito in the room. It was difficult not to be drawn into a spirit of mutual camaraderie with the expats, my fellow South Africans. It turned out be an entertaining and pleasant evening. Later that night after the expats had left I got into a political discussion with the Frelimo government official. I decided to don my Leftist anarcho-communist hat. In defence of the government’s neo-liberal economic policies he explained at great length to me why they had abandoned socialism and Marxism in Mozambique and why the government had decided it was necessary to build a competitive and modern capitalist economy. In order to achieve this they needed the technical expertise and know-how of white South Africans. For example, it was the technical and management expertise and know-how of white South Africans which brought about the successful rehabilitation of Açucareira de Xinavane transforming it from a bankrupt rundown disaster into a highly profitable going concern. He freely admitted that he was no longer a believer or admirer of Marx, Engels, Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky, Mao, Ho Chi Minh, Fanon, Cabral, Nkrumah, Castro and Robert Mugabe. He said he was not alone, there were many others in Mozambique who thought like him. Andela nodded his head in agreement. He too believed in capitalism and liberalism. Marxism does not work in practise he insisted. It is a fine theory on paper, but nowhere in history has Marxism ever worked. Private property ownership, a small state, separation of powers, individual freedom, free press, independent judiciary and capitalism was what Andela believed in. This was what made America great. And even China had abandoned socialism for capitalism, Andela added to drive home his point. If he could leave Africa for Australia or New Zealand or America or Canada he would be gone tomorrow. 
11.
Just before I went to sleep, I called Millicent on my cell phone. I relayed a summary of the day’s events and the gist of the political opinions expressed by the two Mozambicans. Her response: ‘Well at least there are still some sane people left in Africa.’ ‘How was the flight?’ She asked. ‘It was full of white South Africans.’ ‘Where are you staying, I can’t remember the name of place you mentioned?’ ‘We staying at a sugarcane estate called Xinavane, it is about 150 km northwest of Maputo, in the Gaza Province.’ ‘Gaza?’ ‘Yes Gaza.’ ‘After collecting the Toyota Hilux from Avis at the airport I spent the day sightseeing, driving round Maputo with Andela, we only got to Xinavane just after 6.00 pm.’ How’s Andela?’ ‘His fine.’ 
12.
On the flight from Maputo to Beira, we stopped over for about at 30 minutes at Vilanculos. We disembarked, and to stretch our legs we walked over to the modest airport terminal building. On the last leg of our flight it felt as if I was in a time capsule going back in time, to the old streets, places  and spaces where the ghosts of my mother’s childhood and youthful presence somehow still lingered, at least in my imagination. And also where the ghosts of my maternal ancestors haunted the landscape of Sofala, geographically a region in south-central Africa, just below the great Zambezi River, which had for eons been populated by Shona speaking people, and been under the rule and control of ancient Shona dynasties which stretched back in time to pre-medieval periods. They ruled over many tribes of people from the Zambezi Valley in the north to Inhambane in the south. In 1507 the Portuguese took control over Sofala, and shortly thereafter the Spanish progenitor of the Sánchez family in Portuguese East Africa, to which my mom belonged, arrived to seek his fortune in the trading of gold, ivory and slaves.
13.
By 1000 AD in south-eastern Africa from the Limpopo to the Zambezi Valley a region which encompassed eastern Zimbabwe, the Sofala Province and various ports along the Indian Ocean coastline an epochal social-economic-political transition or disjunction had occurred. A transition   involving the emergence of a new social formation. A transition which also involved a form of internal colonization brought about the coalescence of multiple small scattered semi-independent chiefdoms into complex centralized dynastic savannah iron-age states which incorporated the different scattered tribal and linguistic based communities under the governance of Shona speaking kings and their officials in political cooperation with aristocratic elites. It was a class based system or a system based on hierarchies of social domination, in others words a political system which was essentially oligarchical in nature, meaning that it was ruled by oligarchs or political elites. The mode of production and relations of production of the social formations were based primary on a tributary political economy, and which was also supplemented to some extent by trade in gold, ivory and slaves. The ruling class extracted value in the form of tributes from the peasants or underclass. The underclass cultivated grain crops such sorghum (Sorghum bicolor), pearl millet (Pennisetum americanum), and finger millet (Eleusine coracana), and supplied tribute to the unproductive ruling elite in the form of grain. The underclass also produced livestock, such as sheep, goats and cattle, which were also supplied as tribute to the unproductive ruling elite. Tribute in the form of slaves, gold and ivory were also extracted from the underclass by the ruling elite. The prevailing social formation during this period were similar to those described in the Book of Kings in the Bible or in medieval times. They were not utopian by any definition. Like all tributary based oligarchical kingdoms they eventually collapsed, becoming dystopic before vanishing completely, leaving behind ruins as testimony to their historical greatness, and they were once great kingdoms and states, this is not to be disputed. The great kingdoms falling within the Limpopo and Zambezi region were: Torwa-Rozvi, Mapungubwe, Zimbabwe (Great Zimbabwe) and Mutapa, named Monomotapa by the Portuguese, and also referred to as Mwenemutapa in Shona. At its peak in 1480 the kingdom and state of Mutapa, had extended its empire through internal colonization and conquests westwards to the beaches of the Indian Ocean from the port of Sofala in the south to the Zambezi River in the north, collecting tribute from all the headmen, chiefs and kings in the conquered territories. 
14.
The Great Zimbabwe stone complexes of the kingdom of Mutapa near Masvingo in present-day Zimbabwe were built within the period 1250-1300. The kings of Mutapa were all given the royal titles Mwene Mutapa which means lord of metals or great pillager or ruler of vassals. All trade between the hinterland and Indian Ocean was controlled by the ruling elite and the wealth accumulated by kings and political elites was used to maintain power and loyalty through patronage. To preserve and perpetuate their political and economic power over the underclasses the ruling elite made it their business to fully monopolise all buying and selling of gold, copper, ivory and slaves between the hinterland and Indian Ocean coastal ports. The Great Zimbabwe stone complex was eventually abandoned between 1450 and 1550, possibly due to ecological collapse. In 1498 after rounding the Cape at the southern tip of the African continent Vasco da Gama’s ships reached the port of Sofala (which 30 km south of modern day Beira) which was an ancient Indian Ocean gold trading port on coastline of Mozambique. Arabs first arrived at Sofala port in 915 to trade various wares for gold and slaves that had been mined or captured in the hinterland. Later in 1020 Persian Muslims also settled at port of Sofala.
15.
We landed at the Aeroporto Internacional da Beira, which had been built in 1967, on the outskirts of the city, long after my mother had left Beira for Johannesburg. After visiting the ruins of the Grande Hotel we made our way to the cemetery. It was while we looking for tombstones bearing the Sánchez surname that the topic of my mother’s racial status come up once more. At the cemetery, I showed Andela a photograph of my mother and he concluded without a moment’s hesitation that she was not white. ‘She is definitely more Indian than European, I can also detect definite elements of aristocratic Shona in her dignified bearing, she could also have an ‘admixture’ of Shona blood, it is not impossible you know, but she is definitely a mixed blood African,’ he said with devious smile. Andela then informed me that intermarriage between the Portuguese settlers in Sofala and Goan women was a common practice in the prazeiros settler community. I also learnt from Andela that in the 16th century Goa on the southwestern coast of the Indian subcontinent with its natural harbours and with its deep, wide, navigable rivers was made the colonial capital of the Portuguese State of India. Under Portuguese colonial rule Goan merchants acquired Portuguese citizenship and migrated to the various Portuguese colonies including Mozambique. The thought crossed my mind that my mother’s Spanish Moorish appearance could be due to her Indian or Asian genes. Adela must have been reading my mind when he said that maybe my mother was tri-racial and therefore a Mulatta because: Spanish European + African + Indian = Mulatta, which would also make me a tri-racial person and therefore I was actually black he concluded with a chuckle, because 1% black blood makes a person black. But he joked: ‘You could never be black.’ Why? ‘Because you have a white mind, you think and behave like a white person. You perceive everything through white eyes.’ ‘You have a white attitude.’ At Chimoio we stopped over what used to be the agricultural show grounds in the colonial days. There was a conference centre, a restaurant and business development of offices. After lunch we decided to take the road to Gorongosa.
16.
I think we are lost. In the dark we have completely lost our bearings. It is almost 9.00 pm. We are driving along a dirt track through a dense woodland somewhere close to the Gorongosa National Park. Very soon we were going to run out of diesel, the tank was close to empty.  We have not spoken for quite a while. We are both lost in our own thoughts. Out of the blue he chuckles:  ‘So your mother was a Mozambican, a mestiços.’ He laughs, shaking his head in disbelief. ‘It seems so impossible,’ he muses. ‘Why?’ I ask. ‘Because you are too white,’ he laughs out loud. He does not know that I am a convert. How could I reveal that I was Jew?  I see you hair is burning. 



Chapter Twenty One

1.
Back to black Monday, March the 16th 2020. Isando and Edenvale are behind me. I am now on the R24 highway. Compared to the old days, going back to my repping stint, cassette tapes and CDs have since become outdated technologies. Music can now be downloaded onto a cell phone and played on the car’s stereo via a blue tooth connection. Once more, thanks to my Samsung cell phone, I am listening to Ramble On. I turn up the volume. My eye catches sight of the burning silhouette of the eastern aspect of the old inner-city of Johannesburg looming up ahead in the west, black and ragged against the deep red haze of the sunken sun, framed between the dark folds of hilly ridges, and above the city the blazing platinum vault was rapidly fading with the rising tide of the evening gloom. Approaching the Gillooly’s Interchange I decided not to take the off-ramp onto the heavily congested N2 Eastern Bypass which splits the lush suburb of Bedfordview into separate halves. Instead, I decide to take another route home, staying in the far right lane of the highway which stretched past the Eastgate Shopping Mall before petering out (becoming exhausted as a highway) at the robot intersection Marcia Street. The GPS showed that at the robot intersection with the R24, Marcia Street merged with Allum Street. From the robot intersection Marcia Street proceeded northwards towards Bruma, while Allum Road proceeded southwards forming the borders between Kensington on the west and Bedfordview towards the east. Streets and places, and their names, and their social history, and the changing dynamics of their psychogeography in time and space, have since 1994 evolved into one of my eccentric and sentimental obsessions, which I don’t quite understand, because I am not supposed to have these feelings, but I have of late become infected with the disease of melancholy and nostalgia, a distinctive white person’s malady brought on by the insidious de-familiarization of a once familiar urbanscape. I have gone secretively through all the stages of loss, grief and bereavement with regard to the passing away of my parents: 1. Denial and isolation; 2. Anger; 3. Bargaining; 4. Depression; 5. Acceptance. In 1986 when I was doing my BSc Honours my mother was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer she managed to hold on until my graduation before she passed away. After the graduation ceremony we went to the Black Steer in Louis Botha Avenue, on the edge of Yeoville to celebrate. It was April 1987 I had already started my PhD (because I was awarded a distinction for my BSc Honours I could proceed to my PhD). She ate a chicken schnitzel and my dad and I had spare ribs. I had two draughts of beer. My parent who were teetotallers sipped their oranges juices through straws. They sat close together facing me across the table. There was a poignant bitter sweetness to our celebration. The music playing: Marc Cohn – ‘Walking in Memphis’. ‘…saw the ghost of Elvis…’ My mother confessed that she was so proud of me, and that she loved me so deeply and that I was the most wonderful thing that had happened in their lives, and that I had brought such meaning and great joy to their lives. And she went on and on while my father listened in silence with a mournful expression etched on his face. Joan Armatrading – ‘Drop the Pilot’. ‘…I am the one you need…’  She died a week later. On the car radio now: ‘Judy Blue Eyes’ - Crosby, Stills & Nash.
2.
I have never stopped mourning the passing of mother. Now the world has gone through a post-1989 cleansing of its socialist memory and revolutionary hopes. Now something very similar is happening to me once more. I am mourning once more, I am mourning the loss of something indescribable. Something which I cannot put into words. I feel overwhelmed with nostalgia regarding the almost perfect life I had shared with my parents in Witfield. Once more I am overwhelmed with a sense of loss and bereavement, it started with the immigration of my daughters Veronica, Verona and Vera to Canada. Once more I am overcome with a sense of despair and hopelessness as we face the prospect of the imminent implosion of our country. The chickens of the perverse consequences of rampant criminal incompetence, endemic corruption, brazen racketeering, and money laundering and systematic looting are finally coming home to roost. And then Millicent’s departure being the final stamp of judgment sealing our inevitable fate as a country. Tradability. I don’t know this word is rattling about my skull.
3.
Talking about nostalgic memories, memories which are subversive, it may come as a surprise to you but during the first two decades of the twentieth century between 1905 and 1930 there existed multiracial informal settlements and slums especially in Johannesburg and parts of the East Road. However, shortly after the birth of the Broederbond, a Dutch Reformed Church clergy inspired white nationalist campaign and programme was launched to abolish these mixed race settlements especially when poor white women began to fraternise socially with black men. Investigations provided historical documentary evidence of consensual sexual intercourse and miscegenation between blacks and whites within these slum settlements, referred to in the reports as insalubrious neighbourhoods. These insalubrious neighbourhoods referred to in the reports included Ferreirastown, Fordsburg, Marshalltown and Vredesdorp, streets, places and spaces where interracial mixing between Natives, Indians, Coloureds, Chinese and poor Whites once occurred. Given these historical facts we could imagine a very different South Africa by virtue of there not being any racist white nationalistic intervention to 'rescue' poor proletarian white women and men from engaging in miscegenous relationships. Racially, South Africa could have become like some South American countries, such as Brazil, Venezuela or Columbia. 
4.
Like John Updike’s book ‘Toward the End of Time’, in which we could imagine a quantum mechanical universe unfolding in an endless bifurcating or branching or forking process with respect into alternative realities, splitting at each branching point into alternate binary versions of possible realities. We could imagine the following bifurcation of reality: permeability of racial boundaries versus the hardening of racial boundaries and identity. Yet we live a world ruptured by binaries, binaries of separation and difference such as settler and native or colonizer and colonized or black and white or foreign migrant and citizen or poverty and privileged or production and consumption or segregation and integration or apartheid and post-apartheid or past and present or present and future. Would a post-colonial Africa been more able to flourish if there had been no heroes or big men such as the like of: Kwame Nkrumah, Gamal Abdel Nasser, Léopold Sédar Senghor, Félix Houphouët-Boigny, Ahmed Sékou Touré, Keita, Sylvanus Epiphanio Olympio, Jomo Kenyatta, Julius Nyerere, Kenneth Kaunda, Hastings Kamuzu Banda, Mengistu Haile Mariam, Omar al-Bashir, Mobutu Sese Seko Kuku Ngbendu Wa Za Banga, Apollo Milton Obote, Idi Amin, José Eduardo dos Santos, Robert Mugabe, Jaalle Mohamed Siad Barre, Muammar Mohammed Abu Minyar Gaddafi, Ian Smith, Daniel François Malan, Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom, Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd, Balthazar Johannes ‘B. J.’ Vorster, Pieter Willem Botha, and so on and so forth. The last four men who were white who presided over the social, economic and political institutionalization of apartheid. Likewise the white leaders (Smith, Malan, Strijdom, Verwoerd and Vorster) all the other African big men to varying degrees also displayed a contempt for any kind of constitutionality based on checks and balances and the rule of law. Above all else they preferred exercising unrestricted personalized and centralized political control through the vehicle of the single party state. Starting as popular nationalist leaders with mass support they quickly developed vast systems of patronage to accumulate absolute personal political power and entitlements. Ruling as powerful oligarchs over a hierarchy of political and social domination they controlled the lines of patronage that radiated out from the centre to regions, districts, cities, towns and villages, exercising control and power through the distribution of rewards, resources, entitlements, favours, jobs, contracts, and benefits to a vast and intricate web of smaller ‘big men’ at every level who in turn become politically beholden to the Big Man sitting at the top of the pyramid. The Big Man rules as a sovereign over a state which was re-purposed or re-geared to solely to extract wealth through corruption, looting, fraud and theft, for the benefit and self-enrichment of a political elite. Post-colonial Africa has fulfilled the prophecies of Franz Fanon. Old social hierarchies are replaced by new social hierarchies. Old oligarchies are replaced by new oligarchies. Nothing changes, always the repetition of the same, the eternal return is the pattern. If these is a grand narrative, a totalizing narrative, then this is the narrative, a recurring dystopic narrative beginning with the dawn of the Holocene 10 000 and 12 000 years ago. Bachman Turner Overdrive – ‘You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet’.
5.
Likewise, outside Africa the same pattern and problem of perverse-incentives recurs, but on a much grander scale, in the form of financial systems based on fiat money. A world ruled by fiat currencies can be likened a fragile house of cards, ever ready to topple in response to the slightest economic instabilities. In such a world with no real tangible or solid or enduring or reliable foundation supporting the value of its currencies ‘all that is solid melts into air’. In this world the supply of money is bottomless. Its central banks are able to kick start lagging economies by reducing interest rates, expanding the supply of money and making credit cheaper. Economies are stimulated by simply printing more and more fiat money. Fiat money is literally pumped into the financial system. Creating in turn financial asset price bubbles which bear a remarkable and real resemble to pyramid scams or Ponzi schemes. And eventually the bubble bursts resulting in market crashes, wiping out investments, destroying jobs, resulting a high rates of unemployment, giving rise to recession, or even economic depression. Low interest rates and the excess of supply of money results in buyers bidding up asset prices to higher and higher levels, levels above their real market value. In this world fabulous and obscene wealth can be created out of nothing without working by simply buying low and selling high. In this world where ‘all that is solid melts into air’ the 19th century capitalism of Marx has morphed into managerial and financial capitalism through the separation of ownership and control. All the old fashioned incentives of 19th century capitalism such as avoiding the erosion of long term macroeconomic stability by maintaining long-run profitability of enterprises has now been abandoned by the short-termism of the new capitalist managerial class. Seeking opportunities for short-term gains in profitability has become the name of the game. The relation between ownership and control with the emergence of the joint-stock companies effectively placed the control of other people’s money in the hands of the capitalist managerial class. Separation of control from ownership results in the inexorable degrading of the economy’s overall performance while at the same redistributing income upwards to the upper echelons rather than downwards to the masses and workers. Welcome to the new oligarchy, same as the old oligarchy. Most things have a built-in tendency to eventually go badly, but not necessarily because of bad people, things just happen with a law-like built-in inevitability. I think that this is the essential nature of the human created world, oligarchs emerge by sheer happenstance, they are not particular gifted or brilliant men, it is by McFate’s luck of the dice that they find themselves in situations where they end up amassing undeserved political, economic, and social power, and invariable end up also fucking up everything in the process. The world is ruled by the law of unintended consequences which are unleashed by basically stupid and inferior men. In other words by the Big Men of this world.
6.
Millicent is waiting in the internal departure lounge at OR Tambo Airport. Will I ever see her again? And what about me? Once more I am travelling down the road of many forks. My destination? It has to be the Great Unknown. Now I am approaching the end of the R24 Highway. Ahead, on the left, lies the Eastgate Shopping Mall. Also on the left of the freeway stands the eye-catching giant statue of a man. Erected on its foundation in 1988. It stands four metre high, a statue symbolizing the figure of George Harrison the Gold Prospector. At the gateway into the City of Jo’burg, the statue of the Miner or Prospector looms large, a prospector’s pick hanging from his left hand and a chuck of gold glittering conglomerate rock held high aloof in his right hand under the blazing skies against the backdrop of a shimmering golden cityscape. As a four year old Veronica once asked me whether the statue was an idol. Every night I used read stories from the Tanakh to my daughters before they went to sleep, and this statue represented a graven image, a view which Veronica had assimilated from the stories, especially those from the Book of Judges and the Book of Daniel.
7.
Daniel 3:15 - 17 reads as follows: ‘Now, if you are ready, as soon as you hear the sound of the horn, flute, zither, lyre, harp, pipes, and all kinds of music, you must fall down and worship the statue I have made. But if you refuse to worship, you will be thrown at once into the blazing fiery furnace. Then what god will be able to deliver you from my hands? Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego replied to the king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we have no need to answer you in this matter. If the G-d whom we serve exists, then He is able to deliver us from the blazing fiery furnace and from your hand, O king.’
8.
According to history or myth or legend or fable in 1886 the peripatetic Harrison discovered on a farm, to the west of the inner city of Jo’burg, called Langlaagte, the famous gold bearing outcrop of conglomerate rock, which became baptised as the Main Reef. The Afrikaans word ‘Langlaagte’ means long shallow valley. Topologically the cityscape of Jo’burg is bisected from east to west by a parallel series of rocky ridges and valleys. The ridges are sedimentary outcrops of hard rock and the valleys were once interspersing softer sedimentary outcrops which have become weathered away over eons of geological time. The topology of Jo’burg could be described as corrugated. Its surface was shaped into a series of parallel ridges and grooves like a sheet of corrugated iron. ‘Mother’ (Pink Floyd) starts playing. Mother should I trust the government? If I could, I would replay it over and over, just so that I could hear that one line again and again.
9.
After following the Zondo Commission, the Judicial Commission of Inquiry into Allegations of State Capture, Corruption and Fraud in the Public Sector including Organs of State, can we ever trust the government again? Millicent who always strongly agreed with the views expressed by RW Johnson which were regularly posted on Politicsweb (noreply@politicsweb.co.za) did not give the new President’s recent investment drive much hope of success. ‘Who were these big investors?’ She asked. ‘They are the same multinational American and European corporations who have disinvested from the USA, UK and EU and have played a major role in the deindustrialization of West. The massive and ongoing offshore exodus of jobs accompanying the migration of trillions of US dollars from the USA and UK and EU into new capital investments won’t be coming to South Africa nor China, instead the smart money was now flowing into new and alternative destinations, countries which have a relatively well-educated but low-cost labour force, such as Indonesia or Vietnam or Ethiopia or even South America. Do you think that South Africa can compete with those countries?’ Millicent challenged. The big multinational corporations of USA have not only outsourced their traditional blue collar manufacturing jobs and new capital investments to offshore destinations, they have also since 2008, started to outsource their white colour service industry jobs to offshore destinations, offshore destinations which have a reserve army of well-educated and low-cost labour. Will South Africa become one of the offshore destinations for any of these new waves of global capitalist investment?’ ‘Maybe not!’ ‘Why?’ I asked. ‘Maybe other countries are more attractive because their policies are more foreign investment friendly. Maybe AA and BEE regulations, higher labour costs, labour militancy and the threat of expropriation without compensation are factors undermining trust in South Africa as a destination for offshore investment and manufacturing. When it comes to the restoration of trust the government and the state South Africa will face an uphill struggle, look no further than the Zondo Commission,’ she argued. ‘From the testimonies emerging from the Zondo Commission it would appear that the crooks are running the show. What conclusions can any rational person draw? Given the evidence, do you think it is an over-exaggeration to conclude that South Africa is looking increasingly like another version of a Zimbabwean or Venezuelan dystopia? The government doesn’t give shit for the people.’ Millicent was adamant. These were her views on the subject. She had written South Africa off and at OR Tambo, before departing through the exit gate, she had quite literally shaken the dust of the country from her feet. 
10.
Thinking back now to the 10th of May 1994. I was watching on SABC TV Presidential inauguration. Eighteen month old Veronica is on my lap. We are both (Veronica and I) watching the show. Millicent is nursing a two month old Verona. Millicent wants us to try once more for a son. She is not too taken up with president’s inauguration. Verona’s needs are more important than the new president. A worshipful acclamation of adulation from the assembled crowds greets the arrival of Robert Mugabe, who has ruled over Zimbabwe as his own personal fiefdom. It doesn’t matter to anyone in the world that he presided over the Gukurahundi genocide of Ndebele civilians in Matabeleland. Robert Mugabe steals the limelight, behold the man, the elated TV commentator is gushing with praise, the crowd is ecstatic, the religious fervour is palpable, faith in miracles is brimming, unshakable belief overflowing, love unconditional, trust unquestionable, behold the man, a superhero, the great liberator, the freedom fighter, yes behold the man, Robert Mugabe. Parodical and unseen, a veiled spectacle of Goya’s ‘Saturn Devouring His Son’. His presence confirms the triumphal narrative of nationalist liberation from colonialism. What remained invisible to the adoring gaze was the systematic re-engineering and repurposing of political power for private gain and personal glorification. Power over all had been seized by a single individual. And for the people a Faustian pact with the devil had been struck. A pact which turned out to be fraudulent. Political power bestowed inadvertently by McFate, when political power was up for grabs in the changing winds of fortune, power which had slipped inexorably and irrevocably from the hands of the white colonial settlers. I tell Millicent that we are witnessing the making of history. She replies: ‘History is never made, it just repeats itself.’ With a teasing smile she adapts the evolutionary theory of punctuated equilibrium, a theory I spoke about at one of our dinner parties. She now elaborates it as a metaphor for human history. She expands: ‘History remains essentially the same, it is just repeatedly punctuated by discontinuities, in which something unique becomes irrecoverably lost. What remains behind is the same. What we have taken for history are actually punctuated discontinuities, discontinuities or disjunctures brought about by war, revolution, economic collapse, famine or epidemics or a deadly combination them all. Sudden death or extinction or termination of states of affairs or ways of life have been a regular occurrence throughout history, you as a Jew should know this.’ She continues: ‘After colonialism, Africa has been ruled by one oligarch after the next, the same pattern reproduces itself in space and time, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Angola, Tanzania, Kenya, Uganda, Sudan, Egypt, Libya…the list is endless. And China could be the next imperial colonial power to rule over Africa. So there we go, for Africa we could innumerate ad infinitum into the future the same repetitive sequence of similar historical events, punctuated by historical discontinuities or disjunctions caused by the rise and fall of nationalist rulers. Robert Mugabe is actually a monarch,’ Millicent vented. Muammar Gaddafi who ruled Libya from 1969 to 2011 was also a kind of monarch. Africa wants to be ruled by kings who are accountable to no one but themselves. North Korea has been practically ruled by a hereditary monarch. Maybe rule by a hereditary monarchy could possibly return to Africa in the future. Africa is ready to be ruled by monarchies.
11.
Millicent was also quick to spot the flaws and paradoxes and duplicities and inconsistencies in Leftist political thinking and modes of argumentation, and she was adept at articulating her own brutal and withering rebuttals – she had a sharp legal mind, and could be a formidable adversary in any litigation or debate. She had learnt the essential formulatory features and applications of the Hegelian and Marxian dialectic from me, and now she artfully turned the dialectic, which carried an ironical Fanonian resonance, against the contemporary African nationalist decolonization and liberation narratives which filled the news media and which had been incoherently trumpeted in the #FeesMustFall ideological propaganda by the so-called ‘fallista’ leaders on the university campuses of South Africa during the 2015 and 2016 student upheavals. She had written off post-colonial Africa as a hopeless and irredeemable debacle. She agreed with Trump’s verdict that as a continent it belonged to the shitholes of the world. That was the reason why she had metaphorically shaken the dust off the soles of her shoes as she disappeared across the threshold at OR Tambo International Airport to start a new life in Canada with her family. In summary she had learnt to apply verbatim my version of the dialectical paradox which for your convenience can be formulated as follow: ‘Contradictions, call them dialectical if you wish, always arise from the internal or intrinsic conflicts which are inherent in all social or political or economic processes and which lead to the subversion of the original goals or objectives of the process by transforming or turning them it into their direct opposites, thereby generating the negations or contradiction or antithesis of the original intentions or objectives or goals. Zimbabwe, under the leadership of Mugabe and his Zanu PF movement represents a paradigmatic or exemplary or iconic concretization and objective instantiation or materialization of a dialectical contradiction, which can visualized as a paradoxical perversion of dialectical materialism. In the case of Zimbabwe under Mugabe the dialectical contradictions involve the transformation of everything into its direct opposite, for example: freedom into subjugation, liberty into authoritarian domination, liberation into oppression, democracy into totalitarian dictatorship, egalitarianism into entrenched hierarchies of political and social domination, equality into inequality, employment into unemployment, abundance and plenty into scarcity and famine, industrialization into de-industrialization, national solvency into national bankruptcy, and finally, a state characterized by the rule of the law, transparency, accountability, honesty, trust, fairness and integrity into a state characterized by patronage, corruption, impunity, lawlessness, malfeasance, nepotism, racketeering, venality, graft, fraud, theft, looting, bribing, plunder, extortion and pillage.’ There we go, that was Millicent for you, the supreme Afro-pessimist if there ever was one.
12
Turning back the clock to 2015 and 2016, I find myself re-visiting those events. Having read Adam Habib’s book ‘Rebels and Rage’, and having listened to and read the various conflicting opinions and accounts regarding the true nature of the #FeesMustFall (FMF) student protests  which had erupted so suddenly on the campus of the University of the Witwatersrand, I am still at a loss of what to make of them. After initially starting at Wits the FMF protests rapidly spread to all the other South African university campuses, disrupting the academic teaching programme countrywide. The protesters violently disrupted lectures, class tests and exams, committed various acts of arson, such as the torching or attempting torching, university buildings, vehicles, buses, lecture theatres, libraries and residences as so on and so forth. The results of a poll conducted by the University showed that the overwhelming majority of academics and students rejected the FMF call that Wits University should be shut down until the demands of the FMF activists were met which included free tertiary education for all. In reality the FMF activists did indeed fail to mobilize a popular student uprising, and they also failed to close the universities, and finally they failed in persuading the political elite to make free tertiary education a reality for all. They had to resort constantly to violence, threats and intimation into order to sustain the momentum of their protest. They could only achieve their goal of forcibly shutting down all the universities by means of threats and violence. In the end the FMF movement run out of steam. The protest lost momentum, and eventually fizzled out completely. Buildings and smashed windows were repaired and things returned to ‘normality’. In the years following the 2016-2017 FMF riots, numerous post mortems have been conducted in various news media articles, published academic papers, books, MA dissertations and PhD thesis. What has been the verdict? Most of writings have lacked critical acuity. They tended to fawn over the FMF movement. Much of the writings contributed to the ballooning of the accepted FMF mythology. Any rational analysis of the FMF rioting would see that as an event in space and time it was markedly different in multiple respects to the 16th of June Soweto Student Uprising and the May 1968 Paris Student Revolution. FMF protests did not pose a threat to or endanger the interests of the ruling rent-seeking compradorial political class who had effectively captured the state. In fact, the FMF riots worked in their favour regarding the ongoing project of state capture and looting. In the end FMF activists who were members or supporters of the various nationalist political parties while engaged in fomenting the riots were subsequently elected to as MPs. They now serve as parliamentarians in political parties that have been linked to state capture and corruption. They are politically connected to those who have been complicit in and perpetrators of state capture. The question now remains whether they too will morph into rent-seeking compradors. In the words of Kurt Vonnegut: ‘so it goes’. 
13.
The FMF activists seemed to be detached from or indifferent towards the prevailing dystopian realities which had arisen as a consequence of state capture by the rent-seeking nationalist compradorial bourgeoisie. It would seem to any perceptive observer that they were living in a self-constructed fit for purpose bubble. The lengthy monologues of many FMF leaders never touched on the issues or problems of state capture or the mafianization of the state or the machinations of the rent-seeking compradorial class. It seemed that they were not even aware of these overriding realities which were dominating the state of the nation and detrimentally effecting the lives of South Africans. It seemed that their bubble allowed them to divorce themselves from the tensions and binaries of their own conflicts, contradiction and complicities. For example, during the height of the FMF protests, the FMF activists did not publically question the intentions which motivated the dismissal of the then Minister of Finance on 9 December 2015. Was this because the FMF activists could not comprehend that the Minister’s dismissal was motivated by a desire to control the treasury for the purpose of looting. In the bubble world of the FMF leaders it would seem that state capture did not exist, that the state of was not broken, that there a rent-seeking compradorial class did not exist, that a political elite engaged in wholesale pillage, plunder, looting and corruption also did not exist. 
14.
I have had time to digest those events. I have formed my own impressions and interpretations regarding the meaning and significance to those events. And I have read Habib’s book which represents a personal reflection on the FMF phenomenon. I generally agree with its contents. I supported Habib during the crisis. I even emailed him messages of support and encouragement. He was one the few VCs in South Africa who had the moral courage, intellectual acumen and political foresight to effectively manage the FMF crisis. A few Leftist white academics fawned over FMF protestors. However, ‘for lack of evidence’, no real actions were taken against any of the protestors and their allies who were linked to the #FeesMustFall protests and who were complicit in acts of arson and violence which included: disruption of  lectures, fire-bombing of university buses filled with students, setting libraries on fire, flooding hallways and passages, hostage taking by blocking university exits, smashing plate-glass windows, hurling rocks at university security personal, looting shops, burning police cars, and overturning cars. The protesters where treated with kid gloves by the senior management of most universities. It would not be an over-exaggeration to claim that a climate of impunity became all pervasive. There was general reluctance to hold students to account. We can only speculate about reasons for this. Management seemed to be fearful of the fallistas. They were easily held hostage by the FMF fallistas. Why? Was it due to a lack of confidence, a lack of moral courage, a lack of political savvy or just plain fear? It seemed that university management, always finding themselves on back foot, struggled to effectively negotiate deals and enforce agreements with the fallistas. In a speech made by Belinda Bozzoli, a DA politician, she interestingly liken the FMF fallistas to ‘racketeers’ running a form of protection racket with universities. This would be the modus operandi: First they would stake a demand or claim: such as postpone exams or remove the police from the campus or drop all criminal or civil charges. If management rejected the demands then the fallistas would retaliate by orchestrating violence such as the continued disruption of lectures. As it turned, most of the time management caved in after the university was brought to a state of paralysis by the fallistas and the demands which the fallistas had originally placed on the table were then met. Charges were dropped and suspension were reversed and disciplinary actions were waived. The fallistas mostly won the power the contests with management. And in the process the fallistas emerged as formidable contestants. 
15.
There was no evidence that FMF protests was directed at or framed within or configured in terms of the political economy of the rent-seeking nationalist bourgeoisie, a political economy based on state capture, a state of affairs which was also the obvious the reason the increase in university tuition fees, and also the reason for the state’s general failure to deliver. Due to financial irregularities the state had run out of money. Was it possible that the FMF movement were somehow inadvertently serving the class interests of the nationalist rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie? Could it be that in reality the FMF protesters were inadvertently, even unconsciously, fulfilling the role of fascist pseudo-elite marionettes or stooges? If they were  consciously active against the nationalist compradorial bourgeoisie which Fanon had criticised as a serious threat to the post-colonial hopes, then they would have be fighting for its defeat and removal, however, if this was not the case, then maybe they were for the compradorial class, then maybe they also belonged to the nationalist compradorial bourgeoisie? Could the compradors have been using the FMF protest campaign as a fortuitous distractive smokescreen, which shifted the public focus away from the rot, the ineptitude, the corruption, the looting and the plundering which accompanies state capture? Only history will finally confirm or falsify these hypotheses regarding the real historical nature and impact of the FMF campaign. Maybe history will vindicate their legacy. Then they will be recognized as heroes. But jury is still out. However, it is also necessary to decode or deconstruct the #FeesMustFall rhetorics of ethos, pathos, and mythos within the framework of state capture. Maybe history will join all the dots showing the linkages and chains of causation which played a role in triggering and fomenting the social unrest, upheaval, turbulence, rioting, violence, destruction, chaos experienced on university campuses during the FMF protest uprising. It must not be forgotten that it was during those times that the comprador bourgeoisie who had stolen trillions of Rands and had destroyed business confidence and had bankrupted the state. The machinations of the rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie cannot be divorced as a factor contributing to the financial miseries of poverty stricken students, the consequent triggering of the FMF riots. It must be within this historical and dystopian frame of reference that the fallists or fallistas and their role in the various hashtag movements need to be interrogated. 
16.
The FMF fallist rhetoric, as a nationalist rhetoric, was also based on the reification and fetishization of whiteness, colonialism and white monopoly capitalism. What is fetishization and reification? It involves the endowing inanimate objects with power, agency and significance when as inanimate objects they actually possessed none of these capacities. And then through a process of reification they became inspired to vent their anger and frustrations on such inanimate objects, especially one in particular which happened to be the statue of Cecil John Rhodes, a dead white man, who once was the corporeal embodiment of the arch colonial imperialist and the empire builder. As a consequence of looting, pillaging, plundering, corruption, malfeasance and general ineptitude, the comprador bourgeoisie had depleted the state resources to such an extent that budgetary constraints had to be imposed on the universities. This situation left the universities with no other option but to raise tuition fees. Universities were trapped between the proverbial rock and a hard place. University administrators were then cast in the role of the bad guys by the fallistas, which in reality meant that the fallistas had let the comprador bourgeoisie, who were the real agents of student financial misery, off the hook. A weird Hegelian dialectic was unfolding, if we applied the Lefebvre thesis-antithesis-synthesis formulation of dialectic. Let it be known that scholars of Hegel have time and again reminded us that this tripartite dialectical formulation is absent in the writings of Hegel. But it is there embedded in the writings of Hegel! So here we go: Thesis – Fallist fetishization and reification of Rhodes Statue as a frustrated reaction to their sense of powerlessness and alienation. Antithesis - Rhodes becomes an inadvertent political ally of the nationalist comprador bourgeoisie who want to maintain their power. Synthesis – construction of a new object of fetishization and reification in the form of whiteness, white privilege, and white monopoly capitalism, which in turn results in the restoration of a pseudo-solidarity between the fallistas and the comprador bourgeoisie based on a mutual and politically useful diversion, a diversion based on an obfuscation of the actual economy and distribution of power. 
17.
In reality the whites as a group or collective constituted politically a small powerless minority, and as such were consequently harmless, whose social and political agency has been severely curtailed. So dialectally, to the political benefit of the rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie, the fallistas have been engaged in nothing more serious or threatening than harmless mere shadow boxing, jabbing and parring at fresh air, at phantom effigies, at strawmen, at illusionary apparitions, at ghostly and insubstantial phenomena in the form of whiteness, white privilege, white monopoly capitalism and colonialism. In the process, following the fallista fetishization of whiteness, the whites have been reconfigured into convenient political scapegoats. Of course this worked politically for the comprador bourgeoisie, blame everything on a powerless white minority. In reality it was an ironic paradox, a tragedy bordering on comedy, the fallistas were in reality operating as the fascist brown shirts of an elite nationalist compradorial bourgeoisie who had captured the state for the purposes of self-enrichment, to the detriment of the majority of black, white, Indian and Coloured South Africans. By all accounts, the fallistas were hardly radicals or revolutionary in the classical or historical sense, they were run of the mill nationalists. It was not really puzzling that they failed to critically conceptualize the root causes of the post-apartheid social, economic and political unravelling of the country. A social and economic and political unravelling which unless arrested and reversed would inexorably lead to a total collapse. A total collapse which would be a direct consequence of a rampant uncontrollable free-for-all looting, plundering and pillaging of the state treasury and state resources and state institutions by a ravenous nationalist comprador bourgeoisie. It was the political responsibility of the students to conceptualize the actual political problem and make this the target of their protest actions rather than disrupting classes, vandalizing university property and engaging in acts of violence.  
18.
The fallistas were acting true to script. They posed no threat to the rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie who were ransacking the country. They were protesting under the colours of the ruling or opposing political oligarchs, but always under the flag of the oligarchy. They were protesting under the flag of political elites, under the colours of the nationalist rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie. They posed no threat to the ruling political elite or in other words to the ruling class. Which in itself represented a political theatre of the absurd. The flag of anarchism was nowhere to be seen. The paradoxical paradigm of decolonization in the so-called Global South has always involved the repetition or reproduction or self-replication or self-perpetuation of hierarchies of political domination and social stratification in the form of the oligarchy. In the Global South the iron law of the oligarchy guarantees the Fanonian reproduction and re-emergence of the nationalist rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie whether it be under neo-liberal capitalism or China style capitalism or soviet style socialism or third world post-colonial states. The continual re-occurrence of the oligarchy in all of its possible permutations reflects the operation of a ‘Law of Nature’ which has been effective sense the Holocene. Another irony of this weird dialectic enacted by the FMF fallistas is that whites have actually been let of the hook. The whites expected all of this to happen. Inadvertently the white prophesies of post-colonial doom have come to full fruition. Why? Because of the post-Holocenic iron Law of the Oligarchy which has now acquired the status of a Law of Nature. The FMF fallistas were not self-conscious historical agents of Mind or Reason in the Hegelian sense. Instead they were acting as nature-like entities behaving dynamically in conformity to the uniformities and regularities of nature, Laws of Nature in the form of the post-Neolithic Iron Law of the Oligarchy. They were unconscious but also complicit perpetrators of the oligarchy. How could this possible? It was because they were not Anarchists. 
19.
In my political debates with Millicent we agreed that all historical processes generate internal conflicts and tensions and instabilities resulting in contradictions between original intentions, goals or objectives and the actual concrete historical outcomes. This applies as much to socialism as to capitalism. And in the end we did agree that history was not governed by any plan or underlying laws which guaranteed the realization of various social, economic and political goals, such as increasing autonomy, freedom, equality and egalitarianism. Actual history was not conforming to Liberal or Leftist expectations. History was not rational. Instead, it was haphazard, chaotic and unpredictable. There was no evidence that human history was unfolding in a progressive rational fashion towards the realization of some new futuristic age which embodied all the utopian ideals we are able to entertain in our imaginations. 
20.
I had to agree with Millicent. There was no evidence of human progress and development in terms of a unidirectional linear march, guided by the light of Reason, towards the materialization of various utopian dreams as envisaged in various Hegelian or Marxian based paradigms. The very idea of progress in terms of the realization of human well-being and human flourishing remains a figment of the imagination, or groundless hope, things will always get worse. Millicent a fan of Toynbee believed emphatically that actual history was proving to be cyclical or repetitive in a manner roughly akin to Toynbee’s theory or metaphysics of the process of history. Marx’s view that all economic processes or political economies generate their own internal conflicts or contradictions is so obvious that it is hardly worth disputing. History has shown that this dynamic applies as much to socialism as to capitalism. The next point that Marx’s makes is that these conflicts or contradictions are surpassed or resolved or overcome dialectically through the revolutionary emergence of new economic relationships in which freedom, autonomy, equality and egalitarianism is realized to a greater degree or level when compared to what prevailed previously. But the historical evidence does not support this. We don’t see a progressive unfolding of history towards increased levels of freedom, autonomy, liberty, equality or egalitarianism or general well-being and human flourishing. Instead we always see history repeating itself through the re-emergence of inequality in the form of hierarchies of social and political domination by a self-serving political elite over the masses whose freedoms, autonomy, liberties and equality remain restricted, constrained and curtailed. In every historical instance the apparent surpassing of conflicts and contradictions in the prevailing political economy results in the re-emergence of two classes, the ruling class and the ruled class. Broadly speaking the historical evidence over the last 10 000 years or so leans more heavily in favour of the cyclical repetition in the formation of oligarchies, a state of affairs, which is broadly consistent with the views of Arnold Toynbee, Robert Michel and Mikhail Bakunin. The oligarchy is self-perpetuating. In the Hegelian informed imaginary of Marx, Marx himself was unable to envisage this, whereas Bakunin could. Millicent believed in a small state and I believed in the complete eradication of the state. I was an anarchist and Millicent was a libertarian. Thus our values did converge. We were both critical and sceptical of state power and authority. We both agreed that various freedoms should be maximized and not restricted, and these freedoms should include political freedom, individual autonomy, freedom of choice, freedom of conscience, freedom of speech, press freedom,  freedom of protest, freedom of voluntary association including trade unions, independent judiciary, due process, fundamental human rights and so on and so forth.
21.
For the sake of the politics of de-colonialization, discordant memories and history have to be fabricated. The internecine machinations of Machiavellian intrigue pursued for the sake of personal political ambitions have to remain covered up, embargoed, erased from the record, silenced, and replaced with the fables and myths of self-sacrifice and heroism. How else can one loot and plunder a country? The truth of un-sanitized history always poses a threat to the authority and legitimacy of a political elite. Triumphal narratives functioning as founding mythologies sustain the ideological hegemony of all nationalisms including African nationalisms. Popular belief in the nationalist version of the founding mythologies of the glorious and victorious liberation struggles are instilled through constant retelling. The fantastically and fabulously embellished retelling of tales, stories, legends, fables and myths as ‘History’ serves the private vested interests of an entrenched political elite. The triumphal narrative of nationalism can be equated with the telos of mythos which confers entitlement on a selected political elite, legitimating their privilege right to engage in the politics of the party on behalf of the masses. The actual narrative is the story in which the real plot revolves around the repurposing of the liberation struggle for individual material advantage and self-enrichment through the accumulation of rents. This is precisely what Franz Fanon had warned about. The liberation struggle always presents itself as an opportunity for material advantage over others who are the masses. In order to gain personal material advantage from the struggle cadres necessarily competed with each for positions of privilege or privileged positions within the ranks and hierarchy of the liberation movement. The struggle was a struggle for personal privileges and self-aggrandizement which could only be necessarily attained at the expense of the masses in whose name the cadres fought among themselves for positions of privileges within the organization and its various structures. Privileged positions within the hierarchy of the movement’s structures meant placing oneself in a position from which one could personally derive material benefits as an individual by re-engineering or repurposing opportunities made possible by virtue of one’s privileged position within the ranks of the nationalist liberation movement, opportunities for corruption, fraud, theft, looting and plundering of the state’s financial resources and the countries natural resources. But these dramatics did not detract from Millicent’s flair for ironic humour. Quoting verbatim from The Communist Manifesto she would say things like this in one breath: ‘All that is solid melts into air, all that is holy is profaned, and man is at last compelled to face with sober senses his real conditions of life, and his relations with his kind. The need of a constantly expanding market for its products chases the bourgeoisie over the entire surface of the globe.’ Then Millicent would add for dramatic effect: ‘This is also the real meaning of Joseph Schumpeter's theory of creative destruction.’ Who was a favourite of Millicent together with her other favourites which included the Austrian economists Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich August von Hayek. It was Schumpeter’s principle of creative destruction which was shaping the post-Marxist and post-Communist world of the 21st century. All that is solid melts into air. This was precisely what was happening, everywhere, every day, all around us. All over the world, we see the rise of massive joblessness, massive migration, massive deindustrialization and massive disinvestment in the developed world, especially in the great capitalistic American economy. The current globalization of capitalism with its creative destruction, represents the perfect embodiment of what Marx and Engels meant by the phrase: ‘all that is solid melts into air’. Globalization’s downsizing, deregulation, closing of factories and shutting down of plants, outsourcing of the service industry, offshoring of manufacturing, and the breakneck speed of constant technological innovation are all seamlessly interconnected in the phenomenon of Schumpeter’s creative destruction. Disinvestment, deindustrialization and reinvestment is controlled by gigantic multinational corporations whose sole objective is to amplify profits, shareholder value and dividends. The real economic significance of the technological innovations of the fourth industrial revolution, which makes remote management and control achievable across great distances in microseconds, via the high-speed interconnectedness of digital communications, will catalyse the acceleration of creative destruction by facilitating high velocity big-data processing, increasing the mobility of capital, enhancing productivity, enabling the unimpeded transnational movement of finance, jobs, materials, resources, commodities, factories and plants. And ‘all that is solid melts into air’. And all investment decisions made by giant transnational corporations only serve the financial interests of the shareholder, and will never be undertaken for any other purpose, such as for the good of communities or the workers or for the economic development of some corrupt kleptocratic nation state or the preservation of the health of the environment. 



Chapter Twenty Two

1.
On my back from OR Tambo International Airport, if I had continued past the statue of the Miner, going straight across the intersection I would have driven westwards down Albertina Sisulu Road, which runs more or less parallel with the Jukskei River, flowing a few blocks away in a concrete canal. Before the collapse of apartheid, starting from this intersection where the R24 Highway peters out, the individual contiguous segments of roads which connected the R24 to the inner-city of Jo’burg, became in the fullness of time fused together under one name, that is, the name of one Albertina Sisulu, also being the name of the wife of one Walter Sisulu, Rivonia Trialist, accused number two. Accused number one was Nelson Mandela and accused number three was Denis Goldberg, a Jew. I would like to insert a vignette before I continue with the significance one can attached to the renaming of streets. The vignette has only tangential bearing on the historical lineaments which can be connected to Albertina Sisulu Road. In June 2018 Millicent and I attended a Legal Resources Centre and the Nelson Mandela Foundation organized screening of a documentary about Rivonia Treason Trialists at Wits University. It was the first in a series of documentaries honouring documentaries on various prominent individuals linked the Treason Trial. This particular screening which we attended focused on the life of the late Joel Joffe, who was an attorney in the 1963-1964 Rivonia Trial. The title of the series was ‘Life is Wonderful: Mandela’s Unsung Heroes’. During question time, following the showing of the documentary, an observation made by one of the attendees focused on the possible significance of the over-representation of white voices in the documentary. Of course the white voices among others also belonged to the likes of Bram Fischer and Denis Goldberg who were members of the South African Communist Party and who had received life sentences for their part in the armed struggle to over throw the apartheid state. Of course Millicent was furious. The predominantly white and disproportionately Jewish audience remained silent and the respondent prudently deflected the comment, refusing to engage on the political charged topic of whiteness in the context of the documentary. Afterwards on the journey back home Millicent broke the long silence as we drove past the Booysens off-ramp: ‘It was astonishing that some of the viewers decoded the film in such a dismissive fashion by casting Joel Joffe, Denis Goldberg and Bram Fischer in the stereotypical roles of the good white man who was going to save Africa on the behalf of blacks.’ My answer: ‘But the blacks did indeed eventually liberate themselves without the help of whites.’ Millicent’s reply: ‘Yes I know, but that is not the point of the argument, Joel Joffe, Denis Goldberg and Bram Fischer and many other whites did make significant contributions the struggle at huge personal cost and sacrifice, and that needs to be acknowledged.’
2.
Just to remind you, I am still on the road, driving from OR Tambo to Johannesburg. I find myself reflecting on the names of streets, places and spaces. I am in this nostalgic frame of mind. I remind myself that I am also slipping into that typical white reactionary and pessimistic mood of despair. It is that typical kind of post-1994 and post-Mandela mood which tends to grip white South Africans when confronted with news documenting the scale of corruption overwhelming the country. But I cannot help myself. I feel the negativity, anger and despair rising up within me. Without any protest or objections from anyone, the street names originally given to these individual contiguous segments of road, which were once fused together into a single continuous main arterial route into the inner-city, have now been erased by government fiat. The original or old street names are gradually disappearing as inscriptions on the urban cartography, being replaced by the new street names with the release of successive revised and updated editions of the Witwatersrand roadmap. The old streets names are also beginning to disappear from Google Maps, becoming digitally erased from cyberspace. The old names are also beginning to fade from the collective Jo’burg urban psychogeography as the older generation of whites pass away. Do I have in any reservations about all this name changing? Do I have a sentimental attachment to a shared white psychogeography of street, space and place names, names which resonates strongly with the recollections of shared or communal white experiences, names which have become deeply rooted in my personal memories of white urbanscapes? Memories of these names links me emotionally to a white past, past which now no sane white person wants to own as their heritage or legacy? I am aware that my personal subjective feelings are contradictory or conflicted. I have been warned by Millicent and close friends that my contradictions will destroy me. What do I really feel? I feel conflicted, like any other white person in 2020. I feel the gladness of vindication, history has confirmed my theories and predictions, I have been right in my thinking all along, and at the same time I also feel the sadness which springs from nostalgia. Am I prone to what could be construed as a reactionary nostalgia? If you do a Google search you will learn that the word ‘nostalgia’ comes from the Greek word ‘nostos’, which means ‘to return home’, and is linked to the emotions which are invoked by a homecoming, and a homecoming may mean many different things, but all homecomings are emotional events, events accompanied with all kinds of mixed emotions, emotions of joy or sadness. We can think of the eventual homecoming of Odysseus after the Trojan War, and after following his arduous journey. Going back to the emotions invoked by a home coming, a mixture of feelings are experienced, which may be bitter-sweet, including both joy and pain. And it is the memories of the past which invoke the ‘-aglia’ in nostalgia, where ‘algia’ is the word ending for different kinds of pain. Nostalgia refers to the pain or grief caused by memories of the past, and also the pain felt with homesickness, and with homecoming, and the pain stirred up by the desire or the wish to restore the past by means of something which is akin to a kind of homecoming. And homecoming often is linked to well-being or is the condition for experiencing well-being. The word ‘aglia’ is derived from the Greek word ‘algos’ which means pain. In short, the meaning of nostalgia includes the pain or sadness or forlornness or yearning of homesickness and homesickness in turn is triggered by the desire or wish to return to or to restore the past and all that went with the past. I suppose we can speak about nostalgic desire. A desire stirred up by remembrance of the way things where once upon a time. 
3.
Changing street names cannot be equated with the erasure of history. The opposite may be true, that is, the changing of street names could be viewed as a re-making of history or a re-invention history, involving reversals of the status quo. Both ways the street sign fixed to the top of post at a street corner or street intersection could be fetishized as history, it could be fetishized as liberated geography or as the cartography which symbolizes or imagines the reality of liberation being confirmed by the inscripturation of new names, names which often refer ironically or rhetorically to ‘liberation heroes’ or ‘Big Men’. Fetishization of anything involves attaching or imputing or attributing a value or status or property or power or relationship, or any other kind of imagined reality to something, an object for instance. Following the process of endowing or attaching an imputed value or status or property to something, it is then believed that the thing to which the value or status or property has been attributed, has actually somehow magically acquired that attribute, which now exists as an inherent or intrinsic or immanent property of the thing, endowing the thing with a significance or credence or meaning or power. Rationally, in reality any such attribution to thing or object does not actually make it exist as something inherent or intrinsic or immanent in that thing or object as aspect of its essential nature. To reiterate, such an attribution of a property or status to a thing or object does not in reality actually coincide ontologically as something belonging to the essential nature of that thing or object. In other words as a fetishization it has no objective existence or reality outside the realms of the imagination. To sum up: Fetishization involves attributing or imputing values or status or any kind of property, disposition or power to objects or things, when in reality there is no possibility that anything could  intrinsically or immanently or inherently or naturally possess what has been attributed to them. Furthermore, to speak of fetishism is to speak of reification, both words refer to the process of magical transformation of something into something else. For example, the attribution of ‘whiteness’ to white people is to engage in fetishization or reification or magical thinking.
4.
But history as something can also be reduced to a fetishized or reified object whether it be a street sign or place or monument or liberation movement or liberation hero or the so-called actual liberation. This much is clear. But still, apart from fetishization or reification, the name of a street in itself is not entirely or inherently insignificant or meaningless, it is world orientating and world enclosing, it contributes to self-awareness and self-perception. They have acquired significance as signs or signifiers of address, home and dwelling and placeness. They are also part of an imaginary cartography, a mapping of urban space and place onto an emotional or psychogeography. In is natural to attach sentiments to streets, spaces and places. The attachment is personal. It can be constitutive of one’s identity as a person. When I was repping I had to buy a street map guide which covered the entire Pretoria, Witwatersrand and Vereeniging metropolitan conurbation otherwise known as the PWV. The street guide laid ready at hand on the passenger seat. Often when I was trying find a client’s address in some industrial township I would be driving with the street guide opened on my lap. I must have spent hours poring over the pages, flipping back and forth between the street index at the back of the guide and the page number, trying to remember the grid coordinates for a specific street. This was before GPS and Google Earth. 
5.
Our street addresses become part of our identity. Our identity includes a geographical and topological element, a spatial dimension, and a rootedness with respect to space, place and time. We don’t usually exist in a state of homelessness, which is also a state of up-rootedness, a state of being without place or space in time, a state of being which we can call as being in a state of placelessness. In a state of homelessness there is no space or place where one can dwell in time. Occupation in one way or another of a place and space is integral to what being-in-the-world or having a place means. 
6.
In the indexes of street guides, streets, suburb and place names function as signifiers or signs which refer to signifieds or referents which have a real physical existence in space and time. The map in the street guide can be trusted as an accurate guide, it speaks the truth about location, and the grid-lined maps inscripted on the street guide pages map to real and not imaginary streetscapes, urbanscapes and the cityscapes. However, the map while representing the territory is in itself not the territory. The map is not reality. And what is territory? Territory is also a construction of the mind. Territory is an area of land under the rule or jurisdiction of a state or nation-state or country or empire or even a civilization. Territory is enclosed space. As enclosed space it cannot exist as ‘no place’. Otherwise it is terra nullius or ‘no place’. Terra nullius as legal concept means ‘no one’s land’, which is equivalent to empty territory or unoccupied land. In other words it is home to no one, it is land which is ownerless. It is homeless and ownerless land, which is the same as uninhabited land. To inhabit means to occupy a space, to reside in that space, to take up residence in that space, to settle, to colonize, to create a habitat, to create an environment, to create a place, to create an abode, to fill a niche, to become rooted in a place, to become a settler in a permanent settlement. Where does all this lead to? It leads to presence and certainty and knowledge and truth and belief regarding space and place. And thus it leads to nostalgia. And to repeat, nostalgia also means homecoming or a yearning for home. To settle in a place also leads inevitably to the creation of a country or nation-state or polis or civilization. The coming into existence of the settlement, gives rise to the abode, the colony, the village, the town, the city, the country, the nation-state, and finally to a civilization, which in turn gives rise to the rhetorics of civilization, which is a rhetorics of delusion. A rhetorics of delusions because the rise of civilizations coincides paradoxically with the rise of barbarism, the barbarism of the dystopia, and the dystopian language articulates the barbaric rhetorics of self-delusion, and delusions are false beliefs. 
7.
Not all space can become a place. A space not fit for human habitation remains an empty space. The Doors: ‘LA Woman’ playing now. The names of streets are not only intimately connected in a meaningful fashion with the physical spatial layout of the suburbs or cityscape. Each physical address in term of street, place and space within the suburbs is saturated with infinite memories. A home address invests the suburbs and its streets with a certain charm of familiarity and at times with the excitement of expectation when an address becomes the destination of a visit or a stay or a homecoming. In this sense streets, space and place become tableaus not only of enchantment, but also the locale of surprise and pleasure and friendship and love and conviviality and above all, of memories. In response to a nostalgic impulse we may find ourselves in an emotional state of mind in which we want to, or even feel driven, to re-live and re-connect with memories by re-visiting those streets, places and spaces where we once lived. The word ‘scape’ attached as a suffix to the nouns street, urban and city, denotes the characteristic nature of a scene for a given built space or place. These scenes of street, place and space have through the passage of time become invested by virtue of the work of memory and imagination with dramatic psychogeographic powers, powers which can invoke often lucid, and uniquely personal and incommunicable sensibilities, recollections, recognitions, cognitions, in other words an intimate conscious awareness of significance and meaning, which are capable of stirring emotions, emotions which are rooted in a deep sense of familiarity with street, space and place, and it is this which makes not only the experiences of nostalgia possible, but also the experience of the seamless interweaving of the tapestry of life, art, literature, space and place. This captures what Bakhtin writes about with respect to what is referred to as the chronotope of a novel. The meaning to the chronotope as concept also encompasses how configurations of time and space are represented in language and discourse with literature.
8.
The chronotope becomes dystopic when the threads and fabric which weave together the familiar tapestry of street, place and place begin to disintegrate and pull apart that we begin to experience alienation and dissociation. The streets, spaces and places which were once familiar have suddenly acquired a threatening and menacing unfamiliarity. Yet in South Africa, the urbanscape has always been a theatre of geographic violence with its politically motivated forced removals and segregation. We associate the geography of violence with the destruction of place and space. Apartheid is the embodiment of the geography of violence. I think of Fordsburg, District Six, Sophiatown, Stirtonville, Kalamazoo and Warwick Street in Durban, and there are many other places that have been subjected to geographic violence, such as all the black spots if you like, which needed to be erased from the cartography of whiteness. These places and spaces which have been subjected to geographic and cartographical violence are haunted by nostalgia and melancholy. Now in 2020, I am struggling with the true or hidden meaning of nostalgia and melancholy. Where is home? There are many ways of being homeless. But one can only be homeless in the city, in a country, and in a civilization. The Palaeolithic hunter-gatherer could not be homeless, all of space was their home. In a state of nature, humans were never homeless. They were not ‘civilized’, meaning paradoxically they were not barbarians. The word ‘ecology’ was originally derived from the word ‘oekologie’, a word embodying the idea of home and household,  was first introduced into the natural sciences by Haeckel who was a German zoologist. The word was derived from the Greek word ‘oikos’ which refers to the ideas or concepts of a dwelling place or home or house or household or home economics or family home, but in all of these examples, the meaning of living, or what it means to live, is deeply rooted in the meaning of dwelling or to dwell. What does it mean to dwell? Ecologically the home or household of nomadic hunter-gatherers was co-extensive with the expansive spaces of the ecosystem in which they happened to be embedded. They were neither civilized nor barbarians or savages, they lived in a state of nature within a human realm of freedom, fairness and equality, beyond the realms of good and evil, and also beyond the realms of nostalgia and dystopia. Wherever they happened to be, they were always at home in the world. Maybe our deep-seated sense of nostalgia is for the animal kingdom of our primordial roots. Returning to my own nostalgic emotions: What has stirred up these emotions? Am I really mourning the loss of what can only be called white spatial familiarity? Everywhere the urban geographies links me inextricably with the white urban history of Jo’burg. I am ashamed to admit this. But I have to share this with you to provide you with the evidence that I am a deeply flawed and contradictory person. I admit that I am conflicted. But I am able to rationalize my nostalgia. I am mourning the lack of permanence in the form and details of the physical world and not the transience of communities that happen to be white. I don’t want the physical geographical and architectural nature of the urbanscape to change. I want to continue to see the world through the eyes of my mother and father. I want to see the world as it used to be in all of its pregnant fullness and meaningfulness, as seen through the eyes of my childhood and youth. I want everything to remain familiarly frozen in time, yet inhabited by an imaginary community, a multi-ethnic and cosmopolitan polis who live for each other under the categorical imperatives of egalitarianism and anarchistic civic virtue. Maybe this was why I enjoyed my visit to Cuba. The place invoked incredible feelings of déjà vu. 
9.
To be-in-the-world, is also to be-in-‘a’-world, which also means to experience the creeping and insidious de-familiarization of place and space with the passage of time. According to Heidegger (Being and Time) the fundamental nature or condition of Dasein (the kind of being which humans have), which means ‘there being’ or ‘being there’, involves a familiarity with the world into which we have become embedded, which also means the world into which we have been thrown, a world which we have not chosen. ‘Being there’ also involves ‘finding’ oneself in a world, a place within space and time. I did not choose to be in this world in which I find myself embedded. I was literally and ontologically thrown into this world by the sheer force of contingent circumstances, or in other words by accident. My life is an accident. Dasein can only exist as ‘being there’, which means Dasein is existentially always in an ontological state or in a contingent condition of being-in-‘a’-world. There is always a ‘thereness’ to our being or existence in a world. But not just in any world, but in ‘a-world’, which often happens to be ‘this’ specific familiar world with its streets and places and spaces. It is a world set in time or times. A world with its own history, a world in a constant state of change. A world in a constant state of transition. A world which is familiar or which once more familiar than it is now. But all worlds are undergoing a creeping transformation into something unfamiliar and strange. We feel estranged and alienated in a world which was once familiar. We no longer feel at home. The world into which I have been thrown bears the stamp of our forbearers. 
10.
The world which we inherit also becomes the world we end put perpetuating. In the world into which I had been thrown, space had become racialized, and race has become spatialized. By virtue of my forbears I am burdened with the sins of the fathers, sins fixed or imprinted into place, space and time. I have inherited both the complacency and complicity which clings to me with the stain of familiarity to all the streets, places and spaces in which I have lived and through which I have moved. I cannot separate or disentangle myself from this world even though my being here is an accident in a radical sense. In the place of my birth and upbringing, I experienced that unquestionable familiarity, a familiarity of belonging, and it is this intense and intimate familiarity which forms the pervasive background or backdrop of our lives. The word ‘familiarity’ is derived from the Latin word familiaritatem, which means the closeness of personal intimacy, the closeness of acquaintance. The adjective ‘familiar’ means: intimate, on a family footing, domestic, private, belonging, and also pertaining to things, places and spaces intimately and privately known as a consequence of long association. The world into which we have been thrown is a world which we find to be familiar. Everything has its place in space and time. However as we are forced by conflicting experiences to reappraise the nature of our belonging we are thrust into a world which is different to the one in which we originally felt so at home in. We find ourselves homeless. We are thrust into a state of homelessness and our sense of belonging evaporates. This is the dystopian experience. Everything becomes strange and foreign and unfamiliar. Our nostalgic recollection of what it means to belong can only be imagined in a nostalgic reverie.
11.
How did it become possible that these same streets, spaces and places which were once filled with enchantment and familiarity, have also simultaneously existed hauntingly as streets, spaces and places of expropriation, segregation, separation, alienation, menace and violence. Yet all of these evocative experiential possibilities have miraculously materialized in a causally closed Universe. In a physicalist or materialist based imaginative-construction of the Universe there can be no foundations or reasons for any kind of belief in the existence of Manichean binaries of good and evil. Outside the human imagination, neither good nor evil exists in Nature. In the dark star gilded vastness of deep time all human or hominin suffering, insult and injury, transmits no moral freight, invokes no compassion, and excites no anger within the enveloping darkness of outer space. On this planet called earth we linger alone for the briefest of moments before we vanish forever into nothingness. And within this seemingly horizonless expanse of timelessness the Universe remains silent and indifferent to our anguish and pain. Ultimately there exists no overriding moral imperative or a moral order or moral principles outside our inner human capacity for empathy and conscience, a capacity or predisposition or power, an emergent property, an adaptation shaped and moulded by the evolutionary forces of natural selection, now laying buried deep within the depths of the human brain. 
12.
Colonization versus decolonization or freedom versus oppression or whiteness versus blackness, what do these human created binaries really mean? They exist only as imaginary epochal constructions within the founding mythologies composed by the ruling elites which emerged during the Holocene. They mean nothing outside the space-time boundaries of the Holocene. They are the collective imaginative and ironic creation of Anthropocene Man. They are the stories, fables, legends, fictions, myths and narratives which serve only one purpose, the convenient political legitimation of the ruling oligarchs. And ruling oligarchs have ruled ever since the epoch transition into the Holocene. The ruling oligarchs have always ruled as saviours and messiahs ever since the commencement of the Holocene. The Big Man, the Leader, the Struggle Hero or the Great Liberator all embody the same recurring saviour archetype. In Africa the saviour archetype, true to script and plot, has endued beyond its historical expiry date,  in the recent post-colonial form of the rent-seeking comprador, refusing to retire to the trash heap of history, and so it goes (thanks Kurt Vonnegut), the African Dystopia constantly re-invents itself.
13.
Can one have any reason not to believe in a recurring secular eschatology based on the inevitable and inexorable built-in self-destruction of all human created worlds? Do all human constructed worlds contain the seeds of their self-inflicted destruction? If evil does not exist then the self-destruction of the human created worlds are not due to the victory of evil over good. It must be due to something far simpler and much more banal and mundane and ordinary. It must be due simply to the betrayal of trust, which in itself could be constructed as something evil, unless construed otherwise. Can it possibly be that the cultivation of trust is something good in itself or could be construed otherwise? Is the idea of trust pivotal to existence good and evil? Trust is real. We have all experienced the confirmation and betrayal of trust. Maybe we have survived as a species only by recognizing the importance of trust. Everything including survival hinges on the material consequences of trust or promise. Betrayal of trust will inevitably end in disaster, especially economic disaster. Cultivation of trust will not lead inevitably to economic disaster. As a materialist and believer in the reality of a causally closed universe I subscribe to an ethics of trust. And I also subscribe to the view that empathy and conscience are the foundations of virtue and trust. If we have a conscience we will not betray trust. Faith is trusting in G-d. G-d is faithful. In G-d we trust. We have no alternative. Our belonging and our home is rooted in G-d’s promises. He promised Abraham the Land of Canaan. Why did Rafi make aliyah? Israel was his real home, not Zimbabwe. It is the place where we belong. I am a Jew, I have grown to understand this, it grows from a sense of homelessness and non-belonging, something which is thrust upon a Jew, this feeling of being out of place, even in the case of a convert, it is something you also converted to, your conversion has isolated you, made you vulnerable to the unpredictable vicissitudes of history, you have become a foreigner even within the ingrained and imprinted familiarities of place and space. You are filled with all kinds of nostalgia. You have taken upon yourself the nostalgia of an entire people, the world of their memories, the tragic burdens of their fears and losses, are now yours as well. Millicent reminded me of this. She also disclosed that the gun slinging Daryl Longman was a Jew. He was now also in Israel. The Longmans were friends of the Rosens. I could not believe it! All that time I had been hanging out with those crazy Jews.



Chapter Twenty Three
1.
Still travelling from OR Tambo International Airport. Proceedings westwards towards the inner-city of Jo’burg laying beyond Kensington, Albertina Sisulu Road cuts through the old white working class suburbs of Troyville and Fairview before becoming in the west, a multilane one way street which now cuts eastwards through the very heart of the Johannesburg Central Business District (CBD). Whatever has been reclaimed by virtue of the re-inscription of the historical fabric of Jo’burg with fresh names for its streets, places and spaces, erasing the old surface with the new and fresh, remains ironically symbolic, even absurd, like the printing of a fresh tattoo on the skin of a rotting corpse before its burial. The symbolic un-weaving of the city’s street fabric represents a severing of the physical edifice of city from its founding mythologies. Dear reader, I don’t think Market Street in the inner-city should have been renamed. I happy that DF Malan Drive was renamed Beyers Naude Drive. I am happy that the Hendrik Verwoerd Hospital has been renamed as the Steve Biko Hospital. In fact I think that the names of Hendrik Verwoerd, John Vorster and DF Malan should be erased from all streets, spaces and places. Think of the blue building that was once called John Vorster Square next to the double decker portion of the De Villiers Graaff Motorway. Neil Aggett was murdered by the security police in that building. Also at John Vorster square, Ahmed Timol was thrown out of a 9th floor window. It was joked that Timol flew like a kite before hitting the pavement. Except for a few street names, I have bought into most of the name changes. And the few happen to be the names of the streets of the inner-city of Jo’burg. Why? Because my life, my past, are inextricably entangled with their names. Their names means something to me. As George Orwell put it: who controls the past controls the future, who controls the present controls the past. The past has been invented to suit the present. It goes without saying that in order to own the future the times and spaces and places of the past have to be constantly rediscovered. The past is a place we are driven to revisit. Why? Because we are convinced that something important and significant can be found there, something which gives meaning to the immediate now of the present. What I am saying is not new. Who owns the past? Who controls the past? Who can ever control the past?  No one can control or own the past. The past is something we constantly re-discover anew. Yet no one can own or control the future. And the present does not exit. Whosoever loses the power to name loses everything, the past, the present and the future. In my reckoning no one brought civilization to Africa. With the exception of the hunter-gatherers, the peoples of Africa had already entered the post-Neolithic epoch of the oligarchy. The clash between colonialists or settlers and the indigenous African aboriginals was fundamentally a clash between two versions of the oligarchy, two versions of dominance hierarchies, in other words a clash between two species of sociality both of which belonged to the same genus, they were mirror images of each other. In a real sense it was a clash of civilizations in which one version of the oligarchy would prevail and the defeated version of the oligarchy would in ceaseless struggle aspire to regain its status as the predominating oligarchy. Hello Hegel! The one recognized the other, the other failed to recognise his own nemesis. A nemesis which would be delivered in instalments. Rolling stones: You can’t always get what to want…” Paradise lost was a form of Palaeolithic sociality based on anarchism, egalitarianism, cooperation and equality. A form of sociality which evolved over 200 000 years under Darwinian natural selection. On my sound system: 1969 Woodstock: ‘…with a little help from my friends…’ 
2.
Using a mind-body or soul-body or spirit-body dualistic or binary metaphor, those who know Jo’burg will agree that much of the physical inner-shell of the inner-city has undergone a massive and irreversible demographic transformation. The inner-city has acquired a new spirit, soul, mind or consciousness or awareness, call it what you like, but this represents the gist of what I want to state. And this phenomenon has been gathering momentum since the 1990s. Within the inner human realm of memories and imagination the inner-city has been reinvested with new symbolisms, narratives and founding mythologies which do not necessarily echo or resonate the ideological and hegemonic intentions embodied in street, space and place renaming by the ruling political elite. But then again, the renaming of streets may not necessarily bear any connection with a re-envisioning or re-imagining of the future. It may be an exercise merely undertaken for its own sake and represent nothing more than that. It may in fact it end up symbolizing a sham or parody. The renaming of streets, places and spaces may not necessarily symbolize a revolutionary turning point or a tectonic shift, it may merely mark in its wake the beginning of a decline or even the erasure of future prospects rather than an erasure of history or the past. The renaming of streets and place may be signalling the reality that the possession of the future may have been denied for all eternity. It may take on a new function as a sign, a sign post which instead of pointing to the future, points back to the past, invoking a mourning for what was lost and what could not be accomplished. The reasons for these contradictions, ironies and paradoxes is that the post-1990 residents of the city are composed of a desperate, precarious, heterogeneous and highly transient community of migrants from rural South Africa and also from beyond the borders of South Africa. Up to 30% of the inner city residents are refugees, migrants and foreigners, migrants coming from Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Cameroon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Nigeria, Lesotho, Ghana, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Chad, Sudan, Somalia, Ethiopia and so on and so forth. In this sense the city has retained its history and heritages as a cosmopolitan city, a city of immigrants, a city belonging to immigrants, a city of foreigners. This is Jo’burg! The renaming of streets, spaces and places has acquired no symbolic traction with this transient cosmopolitan community who view the inner-city as a springboard or staging-post or a half-way stop to a better life, a life severed from all the founding mythologies which have been imposed on the city for ideological hegemonic reasons. The new life of the immigrant will be founded on its own peculiar and distinctive narratives born of the memories, experiences and legacies linked to their passage through the inner-city. The inner-city and Jo’burg as whole is in the process of been re-imagined and the mythologies of the ideologues of the ruling political elite will in turn also suffer the fate of becoming erased from the minds of a new generation of citizens, this erasure and re-imagining of the significance and meaning of street, space and place is already happening in Angola, Zimbabwe, Mozambique and throughout Africa. The betrayal of trust leads to the loss of belief and the debunking of myths. Mother should I trust the government? In Africa trust in the government has vanished. In Africa expressing trust in the government has proved be disastrous if not fatal. Lack of trust in the government has shaped the re-imaging of life, street, city, state and country in Africa as a whole. 
3. 
As I write this dear reader it is still the 16th of March 2020, Black Monday has not yet ended. Feeling restless, I felt no desire to go home, so instead of heading straight down Albertina Sisulu Road in the direction of the Jo’burg CBD, I turned right into Marcia Street when the robot turned green, taking a well-worn or beaten track through the oak and plane tree lined lanes of the old eastern suburbs of Jo’burg to the University of the Witwatersrand. Hot Chocolate: You sexy thing. ‘…where did you come from angel…?’  Until recently, that is before Sandton City became the epicentre of the Johannesburg business hub, this route was previously used as a convenient rat run or time-saving short-cut through the back streets of suburbia to avoid the peak-hour traffic congestion to the inner-city by motorists travelling from the East Rand via the R24 and along the connecting arterial route made up of Langermann Drive, Milner Crescent, Roberts Avenue and Market Street. Hot Chocolate: ‘…I believe in miracles…’  At the eastern edge of the inner-city traffic going westward along Albertina Sisulu Road I would have to keep left in order to take the slipway at the interchange into Commissioner Street. Commissioner Street and Albertina Sisulu Road (previously Market Street) were the two multi-lane one way streets cutting through the very heart of the inner-city. The old Market Street running eastwards and Commissioner Street running westwards formed two major parallel transects through the inner-city. On the southern edge of Commissioner Street running in the direction from East to the West the following buildings or places featured as the inner-city architectural landmarks: ABSA towers, Carlton Centre, Colosseum (cinema), His Majesty’s (cinema and theatre), and the Rand Club. The old Jo’burg inner-city had once been the administrative headquarters of all the mining houses, the banks, the building societies, the life insurance and pension companies, the medical centres, the libraries, the art galleries, the South African Broadcasting Centre, the cinemas, the ice rink, the nightclubs, the book shops, the men’s clubs, the theatres, the courts,  the hotels, the high street shops, the multi-storeyed bazaars or department stores, the Carlton Centre, towering apartments and flatlands, cathedrals and synagogues (Jo’burg was built by the Jews) and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (as it was originally called) were all tightly crammed into the asphalt, steel, glass, brick and concrete regimented grid of sharp edged skyscrapers which formed the long deep narrow canyons of the old Johannesburg CBD. Hot chocolate: ‘…where did you come from angel…?’
4.
Until the turn of the century most of the real estate of the inner city’s CBD was owned by 20 landlords. This investment and ownership was distributed among a number of commercial institutions including banks, insurance companies and the different mining houses. In terms of its gross anatomy the inner-city can be divided into six business districts: Stock Exchange District, Financial District, Commercial District, Midtown District, Station District and Braamfontein District. To inspect an updated street map of the inner city of Jo’burg and the surrounding suburbs go to Google Map. Hot chocolate: ‘…where did you come from baby…?’ The streets which enclose the Stock Exchange District include Bree and Pirn Streets to the north, Rissik Street to the east and Market Street to the south, with Goch Street forming the western boundary. Until recently the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) was located in Diagonal Street in this district. Newtown also falls within the Exchange District. The Financial District is bounded by Market Street to the north, Rissik Street to the east, Hall Street and Village Road to the south, and the Ml to the west. All the major mining houses, financial institutions and many of the insurance companies are located in the Financial District. The following streets all parallel to Market Street run through the Financial District: Commission Street, Fox Street, Main Street, Marshall Street and Anderson Street. The address of Anglo American where my father worked his whole life was 44 Main Street. The Commercial District was bounded by Bree Street in the north, Albert Street in the south, Delvers Street and Goud Street in the east, and Von Brandis Street forming the western boundary. The Supreme Court, legal firms, medical and dental practices and centres, departmental stores, various retail outlets and the Carlton Centre are located in the Commercial District. The 50 storey Carlton Centre bordered by Commissioner Street in the north, Von Wielligh Street to the east, Main Street to the south and Kruis Street to the west, used to be a popular major inner-city hub which included offices, a number of retail stores such as Garlics, Truworths, Dodos, the actual Carlton Hotel, and several restaurants, and across road the Ster-Kinekor Cinema complex (corner of Kruis and Commissioner Street). The Midtown District encloses the central core of the inner-city’s CBD. It is bounded by Bree Street in the North, Von Brandis Street in the east, and Albert Street in the south and Rissik Street in the West. The inner-city’s Motortown and the Johannesburg Receiver of Revenue are located in southern part of the Midtown District. The first street west of Von Brandis Street is called Eloff Street which runs from Park Station in the north to the southern border of the inner-city boundary. Historically Eloff Street has been a major inner-city retail street. The boundaries of the Station District consist of Park Station and Noord Street in the north, Harrison Street in the west, Nugget Street in the east and Bree Street in the south. The railway station, bus or road transport and the South African Airways (SAA) terminus fall within this district. The Braamfontein District which is separated by railway lines from main inner-city CBD districts forms a decentralized offshoot of the Jo’burg inner-city. In addition to its high rise office and residential apartment blocks, the University of the Witwatersrand (Wits) also falls within this nodal offshoot of the main Jo’burg inner-city complex. Braamfontein is connected to the main inner-city via a series of bridges which include the Nelson Mandela Bridge, the Queen Elizabeth Bridge, the Harrison Street Bridge and the Rissik Street Bridge. In the north eastern corner bounded by Braamfontein in the west and the Station district in the south lies the famous densely populated inner-city residential suburb of Hillbrow which includes within its boundaries the district called Joubert Park. Joubert Park is bounded by Wolmarans Street in the north, Nugget Street in the west, Hancock Street in the South, and Wanderers Street in the west. On its southern most edge railway lines separates separate Joubert Park from the Station District and the rest on the inner-city.  Within Joubert Park there a large open park space and which includes the Johannesburg Art Gallery. This open space also called Joubert Park is bounded by Wolmarans Street in the north, Twist Street on the east side, the railway lines on the south side and Klein Street and King George Street in the west. Klein Street slides into King George Street. Both Klein and Twist Street cross the railway lines via bridges connecting the residential suburb of Hillbrow with the inner-city’s CBD. Hot chocolate: ‘…where did you come from…love the way you hold me…?’
5.
As night falls over the business districts of the inner-city’s CBD lying south of the railway lines, the towering street lights begin to glow like yellow and orange jewels, and on most floors within the blocks of high rise buildings office neon lights continue to emit a cold luminescence. By 8.00 pm all the side streets are almost devoid of life, with hardly any pedestrians in sight. By 9.00 pm the glass, steel, concrete, brick and mortar the high rise buildings in the Exchange, Financial and Commercial Districts, have become hollow shells, metamorphosing into colossal slumbering mausoleums, emptied of all life, and the vacant streets become as silent and spooky as a graveyard on a dark night. And each day the Districts return to life, reborn anew. While the crumbing façades of its architectural heritage may embody the remnants of European, British and American influences, socially and culturally the inner-city has always been in the depths of its dissolute soul a very un-European city. At night there never were any crowded cafés or restaurants brimming to overflowing with carefree jovial conviviality, nor were inner-city’s night streets filled with bright animated faced patrons spilling out onto its pavements. No bustling crowds perambulating in its streets and on its pavements at night. Relative to the great cities of the Middle East or the Old World or the New World the historical roots of the city of Johannesburg were shallow. Jo’burg was essentially the haphazard rough and ready de novo creation of immigrants, immigrants drawn to the newly discovered goldfields from the four corners of the earth. In this particular instance I use the word ‘de novo’ in the most radical sense possible, as in something newly created, as in something completely novel, manufactured almost in a momentary instance from scratch in space and time where before there was nothing. So being created de novo, it was not an ancient city in any historical or organic sense. It was a transient city, a boom-bust city. It had served its purpose and now it had been abandoned. The city had become obsolete, its shelf-life had expired, and there was no economic rationale for its continued existence. Even the urban rat runs to get into the inner-city are no longer in use. There is nothing worth salvaging. Most of it skyscrapers now stand empty. It does not matter or change anything if the streets of the hijacked and rotting and decaying ruins have been renamed after the various heroes of the struggle such as: Lilian Ngoyi Street, Rahima Moosa Street, Helen Joseph Street, Albertina Sisulu Road, Ntemi Piliso Street or Miriam Makeba Street. 
6.
White collar workers who used to commute in their thousands by train to Park Station from the East and West Rand have migrated away from the inner-city. Old traditional department stores like Garlics, Greatermans and John Orr’s have long since closed. Filling the vacuum, its new occupants are now the desperate economic migrants from every country in Africa. They have moved in and have taken over the city’s vacant spaces and places enriching it with the flavours, sounds, colours and languages imported from Cameroon, Congo, Nigeria, Ghana, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Ethiopia and Somalia. Yet ironically, Jo’burg the original de novo city of world, the accidental city, in other words the exemplary African city, raises up once more, this time as an island or rather as an atoll of misplaced hope on the horizon of the vast and turbulent and swelling ocean of poverty. And yet for those who been shipwrecked on the continental rocks of joblessness and collapsing economies, the lustre of fool’s gold stills beckons irresistibly like sirens. Wherever you may find yourself across the far flung four corners of Africa, head south young man, head south young woman. Jo’burg the city of lights is your raft of salvation. It has been so for others, for the flotsum and jetsam of the European poor in the previous centuries. So young African man, young African woman, the pay dirt is not to be found in the ground of Jo’burg , it is not in or beneath Jo’burg, it is already in your hands and minds waiting to be mined, value resides in your labour power, whether it be in the skill of yours hands or the craftiness of your mind. The city of gold no longer holds any treasure. Rather, you are its treasure, you are Jo’burg’s salvation. So young African man and young African woman, head south, Jo’burg waits for you, you are its hope. Head south!
7.
As the fate of all cities go, Jo’burg is not the only outlier or statistical anomaly. Many other cities have suffered similar fates. The eternal city only exists in dreams and in the imagination. Like all civilizations, it is also the fate of all cities to die, to crumble to dust, to fall into ruin and desolation, to become abandoned. In the long run of geological time Nature will eventually reclaim the city. We read in Bible: ‘The desert owl and screech owl will possess it, and the great owl and raven will dwell in it. The LORD will stretch out over Edom a measuring line of chaos and a plumb line of destruction’ (Isaiah 34:11). ‘Herds will lie down in her midst, creatures of every kind. Both the desert owl and screech owl will roost atop her pillars. Their calls will sound from the window, but desolation will lie on the threshold, for He will expose the beams of cedar’ (Zephaniah 2:14).
8.
However, Johannesburg like many other cities of the world, also has many faces and facets, and it remains in a constant state of re-invention, it is truly the de novo city, constantly recreating itself ab initio from scratch, so it is wrong to overgeneralize. In the history of Johannesburg there have always existed the exceptions to the rule, especially in the high-rise flatlands and also in the urban peripheries, which encircled the inner core of the city. There have always existed urban niches in which ephemeral cosmopolitan flavoured Indian, Jewish, Italian, Greek, Polish, Portuguese or Lebanese enclaves have taken root and blossomed, enclaves which sprung into existence, waxed and flourished for a brief season of convivial vitality, but always only for a single generation, before inexorably and irrevocably waning and vanishing forever. Obvious examples of this social-cultural phenomenon include Fordsburg and Fietas, La Rochelle and Rosettenville, Bez Valley, Judith Paarl, Doornfontein, Joubert Park, Hillbrow and Berea, Bellevue and Yeoville. 
9.
Jo’burg enclaves with a vibrant and bustling nightlife within its inner-city and Hillbrow sprung into existence also for a season and a generation, also due primarily to a transient localized residential immigrant cosmopolitan community. The social milieu, spirit and ethos of those times have been captured in the music of artists like Ramsay MacKay who composed lyrics like ‘Witchdoctor of Hillbrow’. Other rich and flourishing suburban enclaves include the popular Bellevue and Yeoville Rockey Street scene of the 1970s and 1980s which also lasted for a short season. With the dying of the historically white urban and cityscapes of Hillbrow and Yeoville’s Rocky Street, other multiracial enclaves of bustling nightlife have emerged to fill the social and cultural vacuum. Examples include Melville, Parkhurst, and Rosebank. Hillbrow, Berea, Bellevue, Cyrildene and Yeoville, which were previously vibrant neighbourhoods with a significant Jewish population who contributed disproportionately to the overall social, cultural and intellectual vivacity of the urbanscape, have now been re-claimed by an African diaspora. Before the shopping malls come into existence the white urbanites would shop at the traditional departmental stores in the Jo’burg CBD. Buses would transport them into town where they would shop and meet for tea at John Orr’s and Anstey’s. Eloff Street used to the high street of downtown shopping. It was once the beating heart of Jo’burg retail. A never ending chain of retail shops once lined both sides of Eloff Street extending southwards from Park Station. Ever since the 1940s Eloff Street has remained a major inner-city bus artery. In the 1950s trams carried shoppers and office workers to and from the inner-city along Eloff Street. These communities, especially the Jewish ones, have since migrated away and once more the vacancies and spaces which opened up following their departure have now been filled with the social, cultural and intellectual exuberance and energy of African diasporic communities. And a new literature has come into existence, reflecting the changing ethos and milieu which emerged as a consequence of the dynamic evolution of the Jo’burg urbanscape. A new generation of writers has given voice to a changing and dynamic Jo’burg, examples include Phaswane Mpe (Welcome To Our Hillbrow), Kgebetli Moele (Room 207), Niq Mhlongo (Dog Eat Dog) and so on.
10.
In the past, to get into the Jo’burg inner city or Braamfontein or Hillbrow from the East Rand via the R24, I usually turned right into Marcia Street which makes a sharp right angle turn round Bruma Lake before merging seamlessly into Observatory Avenue at the edge of Bezuidenhout Park. Today, black Monday, after bidding farewell to Millicent I retraced the route I usually took to Wits from my parents’ home in Witfield. It was meant to be a memory lane experience, recapturing some of the memories of my youth. Of course things have changed quite a bit since those days when I was an undergraduate student at Wits. For example the emergence of a sprawling China Town in the Bruma Lake area. And by the way, today China Town was burning, many of the Chinese shops, and restaurants had been torched, and cars had been set alight. I was waved through the police road block. Just last year in September xenophobic violence broke out in Jules Street in the previously white working class suburbs of Malvern and Jeppestown. Shops and businesses owned by Nigerians, Zimbabweans, Mozambicans, Ethiopians, Cameroonians, Congolese, Ghanaians, Somalians and Pakistanis were set ablaze by angry jobless hordes. From end to end, the incredibly long, and arrow straight Jules Street was littered with burning tires, rocks and blocks of concrete. Hordes of looters in a free for all feeding frenzy were plundering the shops of foreigners, carrying away boxes or pushing trolleys filled with looted merchandise.
11.
There never used to be a China Town in the leafy plane tree lined streets of Cyrildene which was once a predominantly middleclass Jewish suburb in the 1970s and 1980s. If you continued on Observatory Avenue due west you would end up at the junction were Observatory Avenue ends and the famous Rockey Street begins. Rockey Street runs between Yeoville and Bellevue, and Rockey Street happens to be a one way street running due east, which meant that at the junction between Rockey Street and Observatory Avenue in order to continue your westwards journey you could either turn right or left into De La Rey Street which intersected the junction between Rockey Street and Observatory Avenue. I was not going to Rockey Street via Observatory Avenue so instead I kept on the left side of the road while going down the steep hill past Bezuidenhout Park taking the slip road into Homestead Street at the bottom of the hill. It was now dusk. In the park on the sprawling kikuyu lawns was a gathering of ghostly white shrouded figures belonging to the Shembe Church. Turning left into a road called The Curve connected me with Bezuidenhout Avenue which was a one-way main road cutting straight due west the predominately Portuguese and Italian middleclass suburb of Bezuidenhout Valley. The oak and plane tree lined avenue also run parallel to the high rocky ridge on the northern edge of Bezuidenhout Valley or Bez Valley. Crossing the suburban border into the working class suburb of Lorentzville the name of same road changed to Gordon Road which ended as a T-junction with another main road called Bertrams Road. Turning right into Bertram Road which became Charlton Terrace and after passing under the Harrow Road Bridge Charlton Terrace became Saratonga Avenue, and at the border of Joubert Park it became Wolmarans Street, and passing under the Queen Elizabeth Bridge Wolmarans Street merged with Smit Street. I turned right off Smit Street into Eendracht Street, crossed the robot intersection with De Korte Street, and then turned right at the next robot into Jorissen Street and then almost immediately left, going through the boom control entrance into the Senate House basement parking at Wits University. 



Chapter Twenty Four

1.
Deciding not to go home, I had now finally arrived at the University of the Witwatersrand from OR Tambo, after bidding Millicent farewell. After parking the Tucson in my parking bay in the basement parking of Senate House, now called Solomon Mahlangu House. Senate House, semiotically decolonized by renouncing, reclaiming, re-colonizing, reoccupying, renaming, re-narrating, re-inscribing, re-imposition and re-construction of a revised symbolic economy on the originally mute configuration of glass, steel, concrete, mortar and bricks. I first waited for Pink Floyd’s Comfortably Numb to finish before getting out and locking the Tucson. My earphones now plugged into my ears, my cell phone in my hand, Rolling Stones playing You Can’t Always Get What You Want, I make my way up the stairs to the ground floor of Senate House, and turning left again, proceeding at a leisurely pace down a vacant corridor which took me via a connecting tunnel into Central Block (also called the Great Hall) which had now been renamed Robert Sobukwe Hall. Taking a side door exit which was still unlocked I make my way to Gate House walking along the thoroughfare between the Physics Block and the Humphrey Raikes School of Chemistry building. 
2.
Millicent often expressed the view that I have never quite grown up. And that I am out of touch with reality. In my world I dealt only with young adults who have no ties or real responsibilities or realistic goals. She said that I had become detached from the real world. Why? Because I live in a world of play. I don’t have a real job. I am still a child, I have never quite grown up. But all of this was not true! I protest! Dear reader Millicent never explicitly stated this, but I could read her mind like a book. Yes she was proud that her husband was a highflying professor and scientist at Wits. 
3.
My lab was on the 10th floor of Gate House. It was 19.05 and my PhD students and post-docs were still in the lab quietly working on their laptops at their cubicles. My research team: Gazala Ramdani an Algerian was doing a post-doc, Bathsheba Emanuel an Ethiopian was a PhD candidate, ‘Wendy’ Shi Chen from China was a post-doc, Aarifa Hamadani from Somalia was a PhD candidate, and Mahmud Al-Jazari from North Sudan was a post-doc. On a normal workday I usually left at seven in the evening. Moreover, Millicent also never got home before seven. We both worked late because we wanted to avoid the afternoon homebound traffic. So my post-grads also got into the habit of working until seven in the evening. I unlocked the door to my office which was a small glassed-in cubicle in the corner of the lab with a large south facing window with the blinds completely opened. My desk was positioned so that I had a view of the lab through the glass. It was my habit to put the car key and house keys in the top draw of the desk. It was also my habit to switch on my laptop mainly to check emails. I had been ignoring the pings on my cell phone. I had not checked any emails since yesterday evening. Anyway I was feeling too distracted to worry about emails or anything else for that matter. I had to deal with a serious personal upheaval in my life. Yesterday evening we had discussed all the options, pros and cons, and their possible scenarios, and we examined possible compromises, which would save our marriage. Millicent had placed the ball in my court. I had to decide what I wanted. I had to decide what I thought was best for me. She was a lawyer and she was being very reasonable and willing to see my point of view. It really boiled down to a life changing decision– should I stay or should I go. What were the trade-offs. If I stayed I could be who I was as person. If I left I would be losing the status I had as a full professor and the privilege of becoming a professor emeritus on my retirement, which would allow me to continue doing my work as a scientist in this lab and in this office at Wits until I died. And if I left I would also be giving up the life of a scientist engaged in the research which I enjoyed. As things were, my whole life was completely mapped out. I did not have to overthink about my future. If I left South Africa for Canada, I would have to let go of everything which currently gave my life meaning and purpose, and I would be placed in a situation in which I was completely dependent on Millicent. I would lose all control and agency over my life. She did not agree with me on this score. She argued that: I could try and get an academic position or teaching job in Canada at a university or college. She argued that: I could start an entirely new career as a writer. I could become a popular science writer or I could pursue my interest in writing fiction and studying literature on a fulltime basis. She was happy to support me in this endeavour. Her verdict before we went to bed: Your reasons for staying may turn out to be based on assumptions about the future which are completely fallacious. 
4.
The last straw for Millicent was the proposed revision of the constitution to allow for the expropriation of property without compensation. She did not mince her words. This would inexorably pave the way for the legalization of theft by a political elite bent on self-enrichment at the expense of everyone else, such as was the case in Zimbabwe. Such a revision of the constitution would subvert the functioning of the state with regard to the prevention of theft and fraud. Expropriation without compensation would open door for the state to morph into an extractive institution. As an extractive institution the main purpose of such a government and the state would be serve as a vehicle for the self-enrichment of small powerful elite at the expense and to the detriment of ordinary citizens such as what has transpired in Zimbabwe and Angola. In short, living under the threat that property could be legally expropriated without compensation would completely destroy trust in the government. Mother should I trust the government. No of course not! As a rule no government or politician for that matter should ever be trusted. This was my rule. And Millicent agreed. And trust was important to Millicent. From extractive institutions and elite self-enrichment our discussion returned to the creative destruction of capitalism and the proletarian revolution. Millicent as a conservative liberal free market supporter derived some sadistic delight in knocking my anarchist-communist political philosophy. She ruled out the possibility of a Marxist revolution. She had a number of arguments to prove this. One was based on the deindustrialization in the USA. Due to the offshoring of jobs and manufacture to low-cost labour countries meant that the means of production would have also been migrated offshore, leaving nothing behind for the workers of the USA to expropriate. The factories and plants had been shut down and the worker had been retrenched. There were no means of production for the workers to expropriate. The means of production had been migrated to Communist China because of the lower costs of socially necessary labour power compared to the US. It made a lot of economic sense. If the Socialist Countries offered cheaper labour, why not move the capitalist factories to Socialist Countries. This was the genius of Neo-liberalism. And anyway, the continued existence of individual nation states meant they were all competing for a slice of the global economic pie. This also meant that the internationalization and unification of the working class as a force for the revolutionary expropriation of the means of production would be forever frustrated because of the constant evolving nature of capitalism due to its capacity for self-renewal through the process of creative destruction. Defeated by her arguments I changed the focus of our discussion. What about China? 
5.
Millicent’s arguments: In order for China to stay in the game they will have undergo a radical and revolutionary transformation of their political economy and institutions which necessarily involved moving away from their current rigid-inflexible-hierarchical-extractive-closed-top-bottom-elitist based organization of their political economy to a free-democratic-non-hierarchical-open-bottom-top organization of their political economy and political institutions in order to develop their economy through revolutionary technological innovation like the USA and the West. They need to do this in order to escape the middle-income trap in which labour-costs rise to a point where export-driven manufacturing-based economies start to stagnate because don’t have the free-democratic-open-bottom-top institutions and societal arrangements which allows for creative individuals to innovate the new revolutionary technologies which are necessary for moving up into higher value-chain industries. Millicent’s observations: China has already reached the end of the manufacturing and export led growth phase. It’s working population is aging and their wages are steadily rising, their surplus labour pool is also shrinking, which means China like the US and European Countries, will have to start migrating its manufacturing industries offshore to lower labour cost destinations in order to stay in business. Millicent’s conclusions: So China as a centralized, hierarchicalized and authoritarian society will end up having to face its own nemesis. Only countries or nation states which have remained non-centralized, non-authoritarian, free-open-bottom-top-democracies governed by inclusive rather than extractive political institutions would flourish in the long run. Rule by a political elite through the imposition of a centralized authoritarian controlled extractive non-democratic-top-bottom political arrangements would not only stifle the autonomy and freedom of the individual but also the initiative, creativity, innovation and inventiveness of individuals, which in turn would lead to economic stagnation and decline, and total collapse. China could eventually collapse if it does not make the transition to becoming a more open and free society. 
6.
I agreed with Millicent. We both preferred open, transparent and accountable political arrangements which were based on a system of governance which articulated from the ground up as opposed to the various kinds of closed, non-transparent and non-accountable oligarchical top down hierarchicalized systems, which were systems of political domination, systems which were also prone to criminality, corruption, and malfeasance, systems which included the USA, China, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Angola, and also included most nation states in Africa, and which in the specific case of Africa were ruled by the politics of populism and nationalism, giving rise without exception to the kinds of post-colonial systems which Fanon warned against. While we agreed on the essential nature of authoritarian top down political systems, we differed on how the ground up or bottom top democratic open and free organization of the polis should be constituted, where the polis among other things represents the body of citizens or the community. I leaned towards anarchism whereas Millicent leaned to improved libertarian versions of the Nordic countries, Netherlands, Canada, Finland and New Zealand as models to be emulated. 
7.
In the 21st century the world faces a crisis of meaning regarding the idea of citizenship. Globalization and migration has made the concept of citizenship increasingly complex. In many instances citizenship has become meaningless especially in post-colonial Africa. The collapse of economies in most third-world post-colonial nation-states under the impacts of globalization and state-failure has weakened the territorial bonds between citizens and their native countries, in the process destabilizing political identities, and eroding patriotism, and obliterating nationhood, and demolishing loyalty to country, and rendering vacuous the significance of citizenship, and thereby undermining and falsifying the hegemonic narratives of nationalism and liberation. The nationalist narratives of liberation have metamorphosized into nightmare dystopic narratives of failed states, corruption, looting, criminality, starvation, disease, genocide, plague, malnutrition, deindustrialization, rampant urbanization, joblessness, homelessness, social upheaval and economic collapse, and worthless currencies. Millicent had become like those Zimbabweans, Angolans, Mozambicans, Congolese, Nigerians, Ghanaians, Moroccans, Somalians, Ethiopians, Egyptians, Chadian, and Sudanese, who wanted to escape from the horrors of the South by migrating to the West. The West is the best! Mother should I trust the government? What about me and my murmuring heart. I know my time is short. I have come to terms with my finitude. I am not trapped in the thrall of any metaphysical nightmare. Judaism has saved me from that.



Chapter Twenty Five

1.
I was in a reflective mood. From my office window I gazed out at the panoramic scene of the old Jo’burg inner-city in the gathering gloom of dusk. On my left on the corner of Bertha and Jorissen Street stood a 22 storey building renamed University Corner. The bottom section, that is the ground floor and first floors of the building which included a petrol garage that had a Volvo agency, used to be the Wits Dental Hospital and the Dental School research laboratories. With the moving of the School of Dentistry to the Parktown Medical School Campus the vacated floors had been converted into the Wits Arts Museum and restaurant, now referred affectionately to as WAM. In addition, the space which the petrol garage and Volvo dealership used to occupy had been architecturally remodelled into a plate glass enclosed restaurant adjoined to the museum and overlooking Jan Smuts Avenue and the Braamfontein Centre across the road. The public main entrance and foyer of WAM opened onto Jorissen Street. However, there was a back entrance for controlled access by university staff and students via a card swipe revolving door. Originally before its purchase by Wits University it used be known as Lawson’s House. Perched above Lawson’s House was the famous revolving restaurant which resembled a giant flying saucer. The floor below the revolving restaurant used to be a popular nightclub. In the old days during the 1970s university staff and students called it the pie in the sky. It ceased to function as a revolving restaurant something in the early eighties just before the building became the property of Wits. On my 16th birthday in 1981 we had dinner, my parents and me, at the revolving restaurant, it was meant to be a birthday surprise and it really was. We arrived at the restaurant just before sunset. From our table by the window, as the restaurant floor rotated, we were presented with a continuously shifting, 360-degree, view of the inner city, Hillbrow, the northern suburbs, Wits campus grounds, the western suburbs of Newtown, Fordsburg, the Oriental Plaza, Mayfair, Brixton, the SABC’s Auckland Park building. My dad pointed out the city’s most emblematic buildings, proudly naming each one in turn. Situated in downtown Commissioner Street stood the 50 storey Carlton Centre and Hotel, the then tallest building in Africa. Apart from the Carlton Centre, the other buildings which gave form to the unique southern aspect of the iconic Jo’burg silhouetted skyline as seen from the De Villiers Graaff flyover highway included the Sandglen Towers, Trust Bank Building, Chrysler House, Ster City, Diplomat Hotel, IBM Centre, Brixton Tower in the west, Hillbrow Highpoint Building, Hillbrow Tower and Ponte City in the east. As twilight encroached the Evening Star hovered above Brixton Tower in the west and a full moon rose above Hillbrow Tower and the elongated toilet roll tower of the seemingly listing Ponte City in the east. When the waiter presenting us with the wine list asking if we would like to order something to drink my parents who were 99% of the time teetotallers thought that the occasion was suitably fitting for us to order something alcoholic. My dad decided on a bottle of sparkling wine, J C Le Roux La Fleurette. Darkness soon enveloped the city and beneath a star bejewelled vault the city of gold glittered in splendid silent repose. For a special moment the three of us were the only living souls in the universe. George McCrae: ‘…woman take me in your arms…’
2.
My parents had fallen from the skies to earth. George McCrae: ‘…rock me baby…’ I had no ancestors or grandparents or aunts and uncles or cousins, it was just the three us, father, mother and son. As a small family it seemed that we were without any discernible or traceable roots. We were indeed a miracle, a creatio ex nihilo. I never felt so blessed, we did not belong to anyone, folk, nation, country or civilization, we were attached to no one except to each other: My mother the Spaniard, my father the completely reliable breadwinner, the draughtsman, the comic strip cartoonist extraordinaire. Donna Summer: ‘…I feel love…’ It never occurred to me until that moment to inquire once more about our ancestry. The replies I got from my parents in the past had always been vague, foggy and inconclusive. And as always there was no remembrance of where we ultimately came from. It was the insoluble mystery which had now been bequeathed upon me. Where did the Swifts come from? But first let’s deal with my mother, her maiden name was Sánchez, she was Maria Sánchez before she married Clifford Swift. She thought that her forebears were Spanish. My mother was as dark as a Moor. I heard someone say this. It was at a Saturday Martin School fete when someone said this behind her back. I was in standard one and my mother was debating the price of a rabbit which I wanted her to buy as a pet for me. The description of my mother as someone who was as dark as a Moor became etched on mind. I knew it was an insult and I felt hurt and angry. Now regarding my father who was Clifford Swift, after he had been born, he immediately became an orphan. Swift was the surname of his birth mother, his adopted surname became Hamilton but he changed his surname to Swift once he had reached the age of majority. He never managed to meet his biological mother, she had passed away and the identity of his father thus remains unknown.
3.
From my office window I also have an eagle owls eye-view of the deck of the busy Nelson Mandela Bridge, hanging from the ends of multiple cables, all brightly coloured, luminescently lit up, and joined to the upper reaches of towering pylons, having the likeness of ship masks, its deck overlaying long trains of stationary coaches parked on 42 railway lines all spread out like rippling waves in the dancing light of the vast Metro Rail Depot. Glowing spectrally in a diffuse bluish halo the bridge has the eerie appearance of a phantom ship marooned on the shores of a vast ancient inland sea which had evaporated away eons ago.  To the left, splitting off from the Nelson Mandela, and bathed in the orange jewelled glow of street lamps lies the sinuous Queen Elizabeth double carriage bridge which also connects Braamfontein with the inner-city of Jo’burg. And to the far west of the Nelson Mandela Bridge runs the double decker De Villiers Graaff flyover motorway, its upper deck illuminated by cold white flood lights. On the upper deck referred to as the M1 south, a slow moving stream of red tail lights flows over the precinct of the Newtown Junction, also the location of Mary Fitzgerald Square, and home of the African Museum and Market Theatre, and the flowing red lights continue past the sinister 11 storeyed blue building that used to be the John Vorster Square, from where Ahmed Timol, a 30 year old teacher, was thrown to his death from the 10th floor by apartheid security police. Beyond the old John Vorster Square, multiple streams of red tail lights or dimmed headlights, depending upon the direction of traffic flow, converge and coalesce into a bright sparkling burning Roman candle at the Crown Interchange. 
4.
And today the 16th of March, was Black Monday, the Johannesburg Securities Exchange (JSE) FTSE all share index plunged by 30%, due to a combination of multiple uncertainties in local and global markets, including the collapse in the price of crude oil and the spectre of Covid-19. And Millicent warned me that this was an ominous portent of political and economic calamities laying in ambush for all South Africans in the not yet too distant future. When I asked her on the way to OR Tambo Internal Airport whether I need to be concerned about my pension and investments as I would be retiring in about ten years’ time, her answer was: Look at Zimbabwe. She said that South Africa will very soon have to face two unpalatable options to save the economy, borrow money from the IMF or print money. If the government starts printing money to pay its way out of its self-inflicted economic disaster you can kiss your pension and investments good bye. 
5.
Beyond the Nelson Mandela Bridge as the crow flies, before moving to the new business hub in Sandton the old Johannesburg Stock Exchange used to be located at 17 Diagonal Street, near the South African Reserve Bank. The migration of the JSE and the Reserve Bank to Sandton was also a major factor contributing to the decline of the old Jo’burg inner-city. Anyway, what is money, and how is its value established in terms of specific currencies? We also discussed this on the way to OR Tambo. Well I had an idea of what money is and how its value is fixed, but it was based on a Marxist view, the view put forward by Karl Marx in Das Kapital. Millicent was very succinct in her explanation of how money derives its intrinsic value. Firstly, she explained that all money, that is all dominations, were based on fiat currencies where the value of money for a specific currency, to be blunt, was established by decree. Secondly, she elaborated that the value of any countries currency was based on the economic and financial soundness of a nation states economy. Thirdly, the value of any fiat currency rests on trust and that trust is founded on the soundness of state institutions and the soundness of government. And I added: Fourthly, the value of a fiat currency is based on civic virtue. Her reply, with a smile was: Yes indeed. This is what we as Jews believe, the Law of Moses is the foundation of civic virtue, and G-d has given us 613 laws and it is because of these laws that we have endured as a people for over 4 000 years where all other nations have vanished. This pronouncement came out of the blue. Had Millicent suddenly become a devout Jew behind my back? The ‘we’ and ‘us’ was inclusive of me. And it was a subtle reminder coming from Millicent that I had a duty as a Jew not to forsake my family which also included the Jewish people. Well they were my adoptive people, which may be true. She did not pursue the matter further. Instead she continued to talk about the concept of fiat currency, adding that her investing in bitcoin was a wise move.
6.
Dear reader, on the evening of Monday the 16th March 2020 there was a soft knock on my office door. I turned round, Bathsheba, Wendy, Aarifa and Mahmud had come to announce their departure: ‘Goodnight Prof, see you tomorrow.’ I noticed that Gazala was still working. It was 7.30 pm on the clock on the wall. After they had left, leaving just the two of us in the lab I walked over to her little cubicle where she was busy working on her laptop. ‘How is it going?’ I asked. It was what I asked everyone all the time. ‘It is going better than I thought, I have uploaded all the files onto Maker2 on the main server and it is running now. The annotation will be done by tomorrow.’ She answered. ‘That’s great.’ I replied. She looked up at me. ‘You look exceedingly glum and worn out!’ She announced in her French accented English as she looked at me with her big round dark Arab eyes, showing a frown on her brown forehead. I asked: ‘Have you ever been to Maboneng?’ ‘No, what is Maboneng?’ ‘Maboneng means place of light in Sesotho. It is a place, a precinct as they call it, at the east end of the inner-city of Jo’burg, it is a very arty place, like an urban cultural zone where journalists, writers, artists, actors, musicians and intellectuals can hang out and talk about stuff.’ An undecided slightly perplexed expression filled her face. I continued with the plan I had been mulling over in my mind regarding Gazala ever since I got wind of Millicent’s plans. I had suppressed my feelings for Gazala from the very first day I laid eyes on her, and that was a year ago when she arrived in my lab. She was a striking woman. And there was something of Kamilla in her. She exuded the same kind of dusky toned erotic and exotic sensuality. And she could be Kamilla in my arms and my Kamilla fantasy may finally be realized with Gazala. With Kamilla being re-incarnated in Gazala that lost and unfulfilled moment in the gazebo could be brought back, re-enacted and relived to its full and final climatic consummation, without FLs. And the regrets, and also the ‘Kamillaen’ erotic mystery, which had taunted me my whole life would finally be assuaged, vanquished, and the ghost of Kamilla would finally be laid to rest, and me finally satisfied, would be released from the pangs of unrequited erotic desire for that one person which has consumed me for so long. ‘There are some interesting restaurants there, where we could have supper.’ I added, slipping in the invitation. ‘I can drop you off at the Postgrad Lodge by 9.30 or 10.00 at the latest if we go now. We can Uber there and back.’ She and the rest of lab knew that I had dropped my wife off at the OR Tambo and that she would be away in Canada for quite a while. 
7.
Born in Algiers where she had spent most of her childhood. When her father who was in the diplomatic service was deployed to France the family relocated to Paris where she completed her high school education. After graduating from the Paris-Sorbonne University, she did an MSc at the University of Bath in England, and thereafter she went to Harvard where she did her PhD. From Harvard she emailed me her CV, inquiring whether I could offer her a post-doctoral position in my lab. She was a secular Arab, indeed she was an atheist, an admirer of the Ayaan Hirsi Ali and the late Christopher Eric Hitchens, subscribing to the same libertarianism they advocated. She made it very clear that while she was proudly Arab she was not a Muslim. As a teenager she had rejected Islam. At 35 and unmarried, she was no longer an innocent child. Mother what do you think? Will she be dangerous to me? WhatsApp’s message: ‘Millicent is boarding her flight now.’ ‘Just excuse for a moment,’ I said to Gazala. I went back to my office and I phoned her. I could hear that she was emotional, all choked up. I am also emotional and all choked up too, the tears are streaming down my cheeks. We have crossed the threshold of no return. We talked until she took her seat and then we bid our farewells with the parting word: ‘I love you, we will chat latter about everything.’
8.
I wiped my eyes, took a few deep breaths. When I regained by composure and calmed down I went back to Gazala. ‘I am not dressed to go out to a fancy restaurant.’ She announced.  ‘Well neither I am. But we not going to a fancy restaurant. Believe me, where we going you don’t need be all dolled up. In fact what you wearing now is more than smart enough. You look super just as you are and I am not exaggerating.’ ‘Well what kind of place are we going to?’ She inquired. ‘I am recommending that we go to place that has the finest Mediterranean menu in Jo’burg. They serve the most exquisite tasting kebabs, falafel, hummus, shawarma, baba ghanoush, and special tahini and harissa sauces and all kind of exotic spices and combinations of onions, garlic, chickpeas, parsley, olive oil, and fish, and steak, and even shawarmas. Close your eyes and imagine za’atar spiced flatbreads, mezze, pide, lahmacun…’ ‘What is the name of this restaurant?’ She interjected. ‘It is called the Marrakech Magic Carpet Ride!’ I answered. ‘No you joking, you having me on. I don’t belief you. What is it really called?’ ‘It is called Maboneng Marrakech. It is managed by Moroccans. It is the most popular African diasporic hangout in Jo’burg. I loved the place, but Millicent hated it.’ I elaborated. ‘How is your wife?’ Gazala asked looking concerned and empathetic. ‘I think she is OK, but we are going to get divorced. She is not coming back to South Africa,’ I replied, feeling a quiver in my cheek. ‘Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. You must be devastated.’ ‘I am devastated, believe me. I still love her, but life is complicated, life is about making difficult decisions and I have made my decision to stay in South Africa. As you know, I am one of the recipients of an NRF (National Foundation of Research) SARChI (South African Research Chairs Initiative) award, which is basically a very generously funded research chair. I don’t have too teach as you know, I can devote all my time and energies to my research, and I have been given a massive amount of research funding. I can’t give this up! I cannot abandon my postgrads and post docs. I could not abandon you. Everyone in the lab is dependent on the financial funding that has been awarded with chair, it is our lifeline. If I resign and join Millicent in Canada, the funding will also be withdrawn, and this would be a disaster for everyone working in this lab, their futures are dependent on the continued existence of the lab. Giving up the chair and immigrating to Canada will be act of self-destruction, I will regret that decision until the day I die. And who in their right mind wants to live with such a person, certainly not Millicent. The lab and my research is my life.’ I explained. ‘I am so sorry,’ she whispered. ‘You don’t have be sorry, don’t worry things will work out for Millicent and me even if we get divorced. Getting divorced does not mean the end of our relationship, I will be spending time in Canada with Millicent and my daughters during the holidays and whenever I can get away from work for a week or so’.
9.
She logged off and then switched her laptop off. ‘I need to go to the bathroom,’ she announced getting up from her seat. ‘Give me minute, I will be back in two shakes of a lamb’s tail.’ The thoughts that were going through my mind were those of a depraved monster rising from a swamp of lust. I wanted to fuck her. I was beginning to feel a surge of reckless erotic excitement. My heart began to throb. My heart, which had a murmur, a murmur created by acute rheumatic fever that I had as a child, a murmur that got me an exemption from military service, my murmuring heart continued to pound at a gallop, while I waited in breathless anticipation for the end of eternity which Gazala’s return would herald. And just in time she returned, and the entire universe breathed a sigh of relief. The glorious heavenly hosts of angels sang in chorus, the trumpets sounded, and gates of paradise swung wide open. She entered the brightly neon light lit lab, her face made up, a faint blush of rouge, lipstick, eye shadow, mascara, all subtly evident, and in her train the fragrance of the perfumed garden of sensual delights. My heart ached for her. Her apprehensive face was still filled with concern and empathy for me. My heart found comfort in the open trusting vulnerability of her demeanour. She had no inkling of the sordid desires and wretched designs that were raging in my diseased heart. 



Chapter Twenty Six

1.
Back to the future with Gazala. It is Monday night on the 16th of March 2020. So much has happened over the last 24 hours. It was past eight when our Uber picked us up at the corner of Station and Jorissen Street. The Uber swung right into Bertha Street, the lights were green at the De Korte Street intersection and soon our Uber was gliding along the flattened sigmoidal curve of the Queen Elizabeth Bridge which traversed a spaghetti mangle of railway lines spewing forth from the rows of dark tunnels that lay beneath Park Station. And so we sat in silence on the back seat of the clean smelling white Toyota sedan, knowing full well that we were testing the waters, before entering the realm of the forbidden. I could be fired for sexual harassment. Just imagine! My career ruined. My life in shambles. I plead guilty. I knew that under this dark conspiratorial cloak of premeditation, I was embarking on a dangerous game. She being none the wiser. We sat in silence preoccupied with our own thoughts while taking in the passing scenes of a dying city. 
2.
After learning that my wife’s surname was Rosen she must have wondered whether a person whose surname was Swift could also be Jewish. This would explain her oblique line of questioning. Investigative but subtly veiled. It had to be that way. It would have been impolite or impudent and downright disrespectful and of course politically incorrect to brazenly interrogate the nature of a person’s true identity or ethnicity with respect to their membership of any designated group of people, especially if that person was your superior, her supervisor and boss in other words. It was a fact that in terms of power relations, as her supervisor, I was indeed her superior. Maybe she was more insightful and sharper than I had assumed. Or maybe she thought that by a process of deduction and elimination she would confirm whether or not someone whose surname was Swift could indeed be Jewish. Culturally based prejudices give rise to stereotypical essentializing of others who belong to different races, ethnicities and religions. She once asked whether I was a secular or an orthodox Jew. My answer was in the form of a question, mainly to test her, was: ‘What makes you think that I am a Jew?’ Her reply: ‘Before you eat or drink anything you always mutter a typical Jewish blessing in Hebrew beginning with the words… Barukh ata Adonai Eloheinu, melekh ha'olam...’ Gazala was sharp. She missed nothing. But what did she actually notice? Did she noticed that I had developed my own personalized improvisations regarding the practice of Judaism with my borrowings of ritualistic elements from Hasidism? Being a convert I had no familial Jewish traditions to fall back on. Millicent and the Rosen clan knew even less than I did about Judaism. I did not want to admit to anyone that I had converted or explain why I had converted. Now at this moment in time I was not even sure why I had converted. I had forgotten. The impulse which had motivated me then now belonged to another person, a stranger. In the meantime being Jewish had become a habit, a subconsciously lived ritual, but still I had changed. I had become confused about what I had done, and who I was. About four years ago I stopped wearing a yarmulke and a tallit in public. But I remained intensely religious. I continued observing in private the daily prayers, wearing a prayer shawl and tefillin. I felt duty bound when it came to the prayers. And so I continued with the ritualized daily routine of Jewish observances. I felt it was the right thing to do. It was something I could not bring myself to abort. I felt compelled to continue. It was an affirmation of my belief that G-d existed as the Ruler of the Universe. I continued to study the Torah and the Talmud on a daily basis. The ritualized acknowledgement of G-d’s rule of the Universe filled every dimension of my life. To me the beauty and majesty of Judaism was a lived reality. It was a divine religion. .
 3.
With the wisdom of hindsight it was never absolutely necessary for me to have converted. I was under no pressure. As you now know, Millicent was quite happy to marry a Gentile and her family were also quite happy to accept a Gentile as their son in law. So all of these predicaments of me being a Jewish convert were the result of my own doing. It was self-inflicted. I got myself into this mess. I became a Jew quite inadvertently. Really! This is the truth. The orthodox rabbi correctly expressed misgivings regarding my ‘desire’ to convert. He actually said that most Gentile converts turned out to be a huge disappointment. They very quickly ceased to be observant while continuing to claim all the benefits and prestige of being Jewish. I have never quite fully worked out what he meant by the benefits and prestige of being Jewish. I could not bring myself to admit that it was related to being accepted into the citizenship of G-d’s chosen people. With the passage of time the collective public remembrance of the intimate details and circumstances of my earlier personal history, following the event of my marriage to Millicent, had passed into forgetfulness and then eventually ceased to exist as common public knowledge within my constantly changing circle of professional and student acquaintances. People die, others move on, one begins to move in different circles, one makes new friends, the passage of time washes away the remembrances that had been in circulation regarding the details of one’s past, like traces in the sand along the surf shoreline of a beach, they have vanished with the incoming and outgoing of the tides, the records have been erased, the files burnt, people have forgotten, now no one remembers that I was once a Goy about 28 years ago, and so it is indeed possible to re-invent one’s history in the wake of forgetfulness. The true and authentic details of my own past, after the passing of so many years, are as good as having been erased, expunged from the record, if that makes any sense. Only Gazala has bothered to question my bona fides, the rest of the world does not care whether or not I happen to be a true and authentic Jew. Just as well! Many of us who are the children of the diaspora, having been cast off as orphans upon far and foreign shores, by the rising and falling waves of fortune and folly, we cannot ever return to our roots, our roots have been destroyed, and now we don’t have any roots, our exile is perpetual and metaphysical. Home is temporally where we lay our heads down at night to sleep. The bed I have made for myself and in which I now lay is Judaism. I am a Jew. The last person in the world who would doubt that would be Millicent. To her I am a Jew. She believed this without reservation. She remains my most reliable witness. Her testimony is true. Millicent was someone whose word could be trusted. She hates lies. She has fired people for lying. She was a lawyer.
4.
Bear with me in my agonizing and misgivings. For private reasons, and probably very irrational reasons, I have always laboured under the conviction that by admitting that I had indeed converted, and no matter how long ago, it would be an admission too shameful to bear, especially to a fellow Jew. Such an admission I feared would make me feel like a lesser being, or be seen as an imposter or pretender. So in a manner of speaking, using a very loose interpretation of a Christian metaphor, after putting my hand to the plough I dared not look back for fear of being disgraced. It was a question of pride and conceit. I had with time and exposure to other Jews, acquired the mind and habit of being a Jew in my soul and even began to consider myself a Jew in an ironical and paradoxical fashion. However, heaven forbid, I have not become parody of being Jewish. So regarding this Jewish thing, it was the information which I filled in on all official documents which requested the religious dimension of my identity or my cultural-religious ethnicity. I had willingly signed up to be persecuted and maligned and hated and sent to the death camps. But deep down I knew that I was a living contradiction. I was being someone or existing as someone to others, someone which I felt that I had no real right to be. Was I a fraud? Was I misrepresenting myself? I could never really shake off these deep seated reservations and anxieties. Yes anxieties. My acquired Jewish status was a source of profound private and secret anxiety. Don’t ask me why, it is complicated as they say. It was true that I was not born into any kind of religious tradition. It was also true that my genealogy was an enigmatic riddle and a mystery. Metaphorically I was a blank slate, so I could be anyone or anything. Of course Gazala and everybody else did not know what was going on in my head. They could never know or feel the way I felt about Judaism, Jewishness and the Jewish people. They took what they saw at face value. In response to all my clever and witty evasions Gazala exclaimed: ‘But you are a Jew!’ She had convinced herself that I was trying to falsely deny my putative Jewishness for some absurd reason which she could not fathom. And she laughed, she thought I was playing a game with her. But I had succeeded in fooling the sceptic. She accursed me: ‘You are a Zionist.’ She insisted. ‘I can see you love Israel.’ I pleaded guilty as charged. I am not a self-loathing Jew! How could I possibly be? I replied: ‘And you hate Zionists?’ ‘No I don’t,’ she giggled pleasantly. ‘I am a libertarian, and I think the Arabs can gain a lot from cooperating with Israel.’ The way we spoke so freely with each other seemed to have cemented some kind of special bond between us.
5.
On the right a giant metal sculpture, in the form of a figure cut out of a thick sheet of metal, the figure of the fire walker, a woman carrying a burning brazier on her head. On the left the Home Affairs building a dismal place where illegal foreigners and terrorists can illegally buy South African ID books and passports for as little as R 250.00. Next to me on my right, sat Gazala, a virgin, anatomically speaking, intact and never penetrated. In my sick fantasy she was a virgin, but for good reason, and I was going to seduce and deflower her. In a manner of speaking I was also a virgin. Millicent and I were both virgins on our wedding night. Millicent has been the only woman I had ever known in the Biblical sense. Why do I believe that Gazala was a virgin, especially if she was 35? Well she said that she had never had a boyfriend. Was she a lesbian? ‘Nooo!’ She laughed. ‘There was no opportunity, I actually never got the chance to meet a man I liked, and before I knew it I was too old to worry about meeting someone. My career has become the most important thing in my life, now I don’t need or want a boyfriend.’ She said smiling ironically. ‘You are not too old!’ I insisted. My sincere response. I could see the GPS directions to Maboneng on his cell phone fixed in its holder on the dashboard. On the car radio: Shaggy’s Angel. ‘…Life is a party when you still young…’ The route indicated that we were going to continue southwards down Simmonds Street, and only after crossing the intersections with Lilian Ngoyi, Rahima Moosa, Pritchard and Helen Joseph Streets, and after driving past Beyer Naude Square on our right, will we be turning left into Albertina Sisulu Road, which used to be Market Street, and which was a one-way main street proceeding in an easterly direction through the inner-city towards Maboneng. 
6.
‘This is the first time that have I seen the inside of the city, it is quite an intimidating place.’ Gazala said while glancing at the larger than life glass portraits of a white man, wearing spectacles. I state a fact to Gazala: ‘You would not have noticed that many of the streets we have just crossed have all been renamed.’ My question which I am now putting out there in the Universe, for anyone who cares to answer is: ‘How should we read the inscripturation of street and place names? What’s in a name that makes the renaming of space and place so potent, so jarring, so revelatory, so destabilizing?’ She gives me a quizzical look. She gets the drift of my questioning. ‘After 1962 long before I was born they also changed all the names, they also wanted to eradicate colonial memories, they feared the power of colonial memories, and they feared urbanized spaces that had been colonized by the French. Changing the names of streets helped them to feel and believe that they had somehow reclaimed the territory, the suburbs, the cities and even the entire landscape, somehow, even symbolically the action of renaming streets reminded them that they were no longer foreigners in their own country. Symbolic expressions of Algerian nationalism could achieve political legitimation with the masses with little intellectual or cultural effort simply by renaming streets, toppling colonial statues, erecting new statues in their place and creating new displays of public art. You remove the old by replacing it with the new and voila, you are suddenly more Algerian than before. But when you scratch the surface veneer of so-called decolonized nationhood there is no depth, there is nothing of substance, only crass materialism and consumerism. I think all liberation movements are motivated by a belief that by winning the liberation struggle for de-colonization they have magically inaugurated the End of History. Which means that there cannot be any other alternative history in their minds. They cannot imagine a future where they will cease to exist as the makers and definers and narrators of the one and only true history or the universal history of the nation. This is why one party states are preferred in Africa, this is why democratic centralization is advocated, this is why opposition parties are banned, this is why a free press and freedom of speech is suppressed, this is why political dissent is intolerable, this is why criticism of political leaders is punished, and this is why African leaders feel compelled to appoint themselves as presidents for life. Any alternative or independent or future political reality which excludes them as the leading role players is completely unimaginable in their minds. Thus in the end, any alternative to their version of the End of History narrative can only be equated with the Total Collapse of everything, a situation which will actually represent the real end of their history. In fact it will be their history which becomes ended, erased or rewritten in less flattering terms. It is inevitable that their history will be written up as the history of failure, the history of lost opportunities, the history of folly, the history of bankruptcy and stagnation, the history of corruption and kleptocracy, the history of patronage, the history of de-industrialization, the history of genocide, the history of decline, decay, and degeneration. It will be seen by future generations, in retrospective hindsight, with real embarrassment, as the era when grandiloquent madness reigned.  In the end, their idea of their history will be seen to be nothing more substantial than a fantasy.’ I am truly astonished by her answer. 
7.
‘The streets and buildings of the inner-city, are not just streets and buildings they are archives, historical archives, history is written into every façade, into every street intersection, into every street name, into every space and place.’ I pronounce reflectively. The robot holding us up at Pritchard Street turns green. She makes a sudden questioning motion with her forearm, think Travolta’s subtle gesture in the movie ‘Pulp Fiction’, but unlike the role (Vincent) Travolta plays in the ‘Son the Preacher Man’ scene, her open palm does not search for anything specific, she already holds what she has found, the entire inner-city of Jo’burg, its streets, open spaces and buildings, its past and its future, now lies supine in her receiving hand, and she asks: ‘Has our journey through the city to Maboneng become a history lesson?’ ‘The history of this city is a never ending story.’ My answer. ‘Whose story does it to tell?’ Her question. ‘Everyone who has been touched in some way by this city has something to say about this city, it could be the most mundane uninteresting ordinary point of view, or it could be memorial or profound or revelatory or fascinating or intriguing or horrifying or mysterious or exciting.’ I replied. ‘Then there can be no end to the stories. Do you have any intriguing stories to tell?’ She asked. ‘I have recollections, memories, impressions, which are abiding, they return in dreams, I relive the city in dreams, in my dreams I rediscover all kinds of things about the city, I lose my way, I become lost in the maze and labyrinth of its streets and buildings.’ Lyric from the car’s radio: ‘…Life is a party when you are still young…’ Under the diffuse orange glow of the city’s lights a night cloaked scene of Beyers Naude Square filled the passing frames of our Uber window view of the world. This was once the site of the city’ first fresh produce market square. ‘It could have once been the Agon of the Agora,’ I muttered inconsequently. Gazala laughs at my joke. My silent thoughts, remain un-verbalized. Instead I look at her face. She stares back, the corners of her lips poised at the verge of a smile, her expression expectant, she expects me to continue, to elaborate on something profound, to elaborate on the history of the city and its streets, her eyebrows high arched, velvety black, wide at the edge of her glabella, anatomically this is the smooth part of the forehead above and between the two eyebrows, from the summit of the arch her eyebrows were drawn down into sharp stiletto daggers, her Arabian eyes were mascaraed and dark smoky shadowed, her upper and lower lips were full. 
8.
Now in silent repose beneath the star gilded vault, hemmed in between what used to be Commissioner and Market Streets, stretched out between the Johannesburg City Library and the buildings comprised of the Duncan Hall and the old City Hall, this same square, its earthly coordinates forever fixed in space and time, yes the same physical space has undergone symbolic transmutations into different kinds of places in the unfolding of time, originally coming into existence shortly after the great gold rush. Named and then renamed, Market Square Gardens, City Hall Gardens, Library Gardens, Harry Hofmeyer Gardens and now Beyers Naude Square, each time scratching away the grime of the old patina, erasing the features of yesterday’s face, overwriting the palimpsest with a new narrative. An Afrikaans Dutch Reformed Church clergyman, the face of the persecuted, rejected, despised, banned and hated prophet – Jeremiah 11, 19: ‘I had been like a gentle lamb led to the slaughter; I did not realize that they had plotted against me, saying, Let us destroy the tree and its fruit; let us cut him off from the land of the living, that his name be remembered no more.’ Dr Beyers Naude, rejected by his own people, despised by his fellow clergy colleagues. He dared to pronounce judgment on apartheid. For his trouble he was ostracised, he was denounced, he became a persona non grata. Indeed he became a non-person. Gazala gazed at the memorial of the prophet bringing judgment. Those who maligned him, those who ostracised him, those who expelled him from their brotherhood, are now forgotten, beyond remembering. They have in the fullness of time become non-persons, rejected by history. Who cares now in 2020 what they thought or believed or felt about Beyers Naude? They have not been vindicated. Instead they stand under judgment as evil men. 
9.
Across the road from the memorial of the prophet stands the statue of a black woman who is their judge. She stands firm in the face of adversity and danger, with a child strapped to her back and a Molotov cocktail in her hand, she rises up in defiance against the white oppressor, like Carlota the enslaved African born woman leading the slave rebellion in Cuba, like Delacroix’s Liberty leading the People, again a woman, standing bare footed on a mountain of corpses at the barricades, her breasts exposed, and the French Tricolour held high, and brandishing of a bayoneted musket. I visualize another image, a statue of another black woman, she does not carry a Molotov cocktail, instead she is blind-folded, balancing the scales of justice in one hand and carrying the sword in the other, emulating the goddess Themis, the ancient Greek Titaness, the personification of law including natural law, and justice and the divine order. A divine woman bringing the greatest gift of the gods to mankind.
10
On the same square, a photograph dated 1902, freezes in time a commemorative parade, row upon row of battalions, standing in rank, the imperial army which defeated the Boers. Unlike many of the cities of the world Jo’burg was not a city of monuments. There were no great or outstanding men or women to memorialize. The best we could do in place of monuments and statues was to rename streets after people who had earned sufficient historical prominence in the life of the country to deserve some form of recognition and memorialization albeit a street name in a dying city. 
11.
Still on the way to Maboneng. Driving down Albertina Sisulu Road the robot catches us at each intersection. ‘I did not expect the city to be so dead.’ Her words for the inner-city of Jo’burg at night. ‘It only looks dead. Usually after 8.00 pm most of streets will be empty, because there are no reasons for anyone who is not a criminal to be out on the streets of inner-city at night, so you would expect that most residents for reasons of safety have locked themselves up in their apartments behind closed doors for the night. I don’t think we really know how many people have locked themselves away for the night in this dead city.’ She laughs. ‘Why have they locked themselves up, are they scared of the dark or what?’ She asked with a mischievous smile. ‘They have locked them up because they are all foreigners.’ ‘All of them?’ She asks. ‘Enough of them to feel afraid.’ I reply. ‘Afraid of what?’ She asks. ‘Afraid that their building will be burnt to the ground.’ I answer. ‘You exaggerating, I don’t believe you.’ ‘Maybe I am exaggerating but I saw China Town on fire this afternoon. I have seen Jules Street on fire. I have seen informal settlements filled with foreigners, their shacks being torched,’ I inform her. ‘So it true that xenophobia rules in South Africa, the blacks they hate Africans,’ her comment. The blacks hate Africans. What a paradoxical statement. ‘Are you an African?’ I ask her. ‘No I am not. I am an Arab, there is huge difference,’ she replies. ‘But you were born in Africa,’ I state. ‘I am still an Arab,’ she insists. ‘What then is an African?’ I ask. ‘It just a convenient generic label, used by non-Africans to refer to black people from Africa,’ she answers. ‘You know how genetically diverse Africans are, you cannot genetically define a type specimen of an African, there are more genetic similarities between Arabs, European, Indians and Chinese than is between any random pair of African genomes,’ she concludes.
12.
Dear reader: It is an undeniable fact of history – Zimbabweans have been dehumanized, persecuted, oppressed and neglected by their leaders. To avoid the collapse of the bonds that hold families and communities together the African migrants seek to be amongst their own in an alien and hostile inner-city like Jo’burg. They seek out spaces and places of sanctuary in transient ethnic enclaves and ghettos within the decaying, derelict and decrepit high rise residential flatlands within the inner-city and its surrounding suburbs of Joubert Park and Hillbrow. To survive in the inner-city without any safety nets the African migrant or refugee needs to be incredibly resourceful. In order to eke out an existence the migrant has to find and fill a vacant niche or create a new niche which can provide a self-supporting living or livelihood, an occupation in other words. The meaning of the word ‘occupation’ invites exploration, especially within the context of the African migrant or refugee or the Jew. It is a noun, and has the following synonyms: job, profession, career, line of work, making living, having an occupation all of which incorporate the idea of a means-end relationship. An occupation provides the means for survival, which also means the where-with-all to make a living. It means having the means to make a living. It also means having the capacity to adapt to circumstances. It also means finding or creating the opportunities which can provide the means for making a living.  This is the story of the Jew in the Jewish diaspora. It is the story of the Jew wherever he finds himself. The migrant has to make a living in order to survive. What does it mean to make a living?  To make a living one has to have an occupation. And to have an occupation includes the idea of occupying something, in the form of a kind of place and space. If there is no job at a place, we see the sign advertising: ‘No vacancies!’ The niche is something, it is some place in some space, and it’s a complex kind of space and place. It is best defined as a complex multidimensional space. A multidimensional space which provides the necessary opportunities and the means for sustaining an occupation or career or living or livelihood is what we call a niche. A niche needs to be vacant in order to be occupied. To occupy a niche requires becoming adapted to that niche. The Jews have survived as people by filling the unoccupied niches in a hostile and unforgiving environment. The Jew has survived by filling the vacancies. And now the African migrant is filling those unoccupied niches in a hostile and unforgiving environment in order to sustain a living. In ecology a niche is the space and place which any species has to necessarily occupy in order to make a living. To sum-up and re-cap, the extended meaning of a niche encapsulates the idea of occupation and making a living. Occupation in the context of niche theory has multiple interrelated meanings. Occupation means to a take up residence within the boundaries of a given space or place. Occupation includes the idea of the kind job or work that needs to be done in order to make a living in that niche space. To further elaborate the idea or concept of a niche as a place of occupation and space within which a living can be made, the niche can be rationally, objectively and formally conceptualized in terms of a multi-dimension state space. For the migrant the multi-dimension state space includes things such as shelter, safety, transport, and the means of subsistence. The means of subsistence is equivalent to work or doing what it takes to make a living, which translates into having or doing some kind of job or having some kind of occupation or engaging in some kind of entrepreneurial enterprise. Unlike plants and animals humans don’t all work in the same kind of occupations in order to make a living. The inner-city itself is one of the dimensions or vector state-spaces which together with other state-spaces or variables collectively constitute the operational niche within which a living or livelihood can be made by the migrant. Many of the residential apartments have been hijacked, entire buildings have been stolen from the original owners and taken over by criminal gangs who then collect the rents from the residents, and the residents in turn sublet space within their apartments. Following their hijacking, the buildings are abandoned by the original owners. It has been claimed that the residents of some of these abandoned hijacked building which do not have any electricity and sometimes no water are foreigners. I look at Gazala and I think of the YouTube video of the Eruptions – ‘I can’t stand the rain’. I will always have some sweet memories of the Uber journey with Gazala to Maboneng. Like a window – there is nothing to say as we gaze at the passing scenes. We smile in silence at each other as if we share some secret. Lately, I have been drinking too much. Even Millicent noticed. The Supremes –‘Someday we will be together’. All I wanna to do is ah cry, cry, cry…
13.
‘Most of residential buildings are occupied. Many residential apartment buildings have been hijacked.’ I replied. My ponderings: Yes, it does not seem to be the kind of canonical city possessing all the vital and creative elements, life, ethos, moods, resonances, power, dispositions, rhythms, energy, vitality, mystery, vibe and nature by virtue of which any city of symbolic significance finds its way into a world literature. My musings: Jo’burg. It does not belong to the cities we see as readers through the eyes of the great novelists or poets. Has its time passed forever, never to be redeemed in this life, or could it still be become a city capable of inspiring a great literature? Is the city waiting for its writer? What kind of literary images could the inner-city of Jo’burg invoke in the creative imagination of the novelist? What kind of space and place must a city be in order for it to become the epicentre or fulcrum of a great literature? Not the words we read in novels. How does one write the city? This literary exercise is not equivalent to writing about the city. The city is so many things. It certainly is anonymous. In the inner-city of Jo’burg there are no streets like those in Soho or Piccadilly Circus or Charing Cross or Paris or Amsterdam or Vienna, luminous streets bathed in the colours of the rainbow, bejewelled streets, bedecked with lights flashing and sparkling like gems in the night, burning ambers, emeralds, rubies and diamonds, where streaming crowds jostle on pavements in a night aglow with the radiant fluorescent effusion of flashing neon lit messages. About the inner-city of Jo’burg I can speak with the authority of lived experience. Eurythmics – ‘Love is a stranger’. I have experienced the sordidness of this city at first hand. Read on. In the midst of its sordidness I discovered that love was possible, even a strange and impossible love, fraught with damage, pain, clinging to hope in the face of despair and betrayal, revealing through the dark and cracked and opaque pane a deep yearning  of the human spirit for love. Joan Armatrading – ‘Love and affection’. Make love with affection…
14.
Dear reader please note: I completed my high school and university education in this city. As teenagers and undergraduate students, on weekends we frequented with our friends the different glittering islands of nightlife in the slowly rotting core of Jo’burg’s inner-city. For most of the pleasure seeking residents of the  East and West Rand or for the residents of Jo’burg’s Eastern, Northern and Southern suburbs, the inner-city from the 1950s to the early 1990s existed as a transient Cinderella fantasy space for a night out on the town which ended at midnight. During the 1980s, we as a generation of youthful nocturnal visitors seeking out whatever fun and entertainment the night held in store, not being residents of the inner-city, we arrived only after darkness had fallen, in our cars from the surrounding suburbs, we descended like fluttering moths, enthralled by the teasing luminescence of  yet to be realized prospects lying voluptuously in wait in its neon and lamp lit variegated streets, spaces and places, parking our cars in its dark back streets or underground parking garages, seeking out the popular Friday and Saturday nightspots such as the pubs (The Bonanza at Victoria Hotel, Plein Street), and the clubs (Bonanza Bar, Annabels Nightclub, Landdrost Hotel), and cinemas (Colosseum, His Majesty’s, Ster City, Cinerama). What about Hillbrow? Dear reader, I can hear your wondering thoughts, echoing from the future, from wherever you may have migrated, possibly from the security and comfort of your new home or apartment in Israel, Australia, New Zealand, America, the UK, or even Vietnam or South Korea or China, as you read these lines, dear reader. Patience! I have reserved some words for Hillbrow and the inner-city. But let us continue to write and read a bit more about the secular life and times of our inner-city. It is about something which transcends colonialism and post-colonialism, the city exists eternally, as a nexus, as an epicentre of life, an island of hope in the ocean of hopelessness and a destination which draws the entire continent of Africa. It exists as the shining light, the golden glow on the horizon, a place called the destination, a place of homecoming to life, hope and opportunity. Jo’burg is the flickering candle of Africa, a light burning brightly on the hill, a candle round which moths gather at night, fluttering  and flittering and spiralling in ever tighter circles, they gather out of the darkness to the only light in Africa, a light which still burns brightly, forget Lagos, forget Luanda, forget Nairobi, forget Harare, forget Maputo… Jo’burg burns brightly on the horizon of hope ‘…lighting under a tree…’



Chapter Twenty Seven

1.
Gazala’s observation that the inner-city was dead was accurate. Its death had been a drawn out affair and the signs heralding its eventual passing were there to be seen in its shadows during its jaded twilight years of its amortization, before it embarked on the pathway of its burning bright self-immolation, which had already begun in the 1970s.  So for a brief wild season, which finally ended in the early 1990s, a flowering rankness flourished on its streets, and in the shadows of its dark spaces the city reclined in an exquisite erotic repose, before finally withering away, sensuously writhing away in its venereal death throes like a dying rainbow serpent, during the time of its declining whiteness. As I have hinted, the sensual symptomology of its terminal illness first erupted in the decade of the 1970s. I used the words ‘terminal illness’ ironically if you wish, without any moral or ethical undertow. The multi-layered and also multi-dimensional syndrome of its symptoms foreshadowing the imminent implosion of apartheid were not only the June the 16th Soweto student uprising in 1976,  there were other more banal signs of its collapse in the form of the mushrooming of the inner city’s illegal sex-trade industry which could not be extinguished. Resisting closure, escort agencies and massage parlour continued to operate as multi-racial brothels, trading brazenly round the clock. Hidden under the cover of black satin nights, a world unknown to typical white middleclass Jo’burg suburbia had materialized, like a sudden flush of weeds in abandoned parking lots, in the closing years of the 1970s, and the beginning of the 1980s. Inner city hotels, like the infamous brassy and audacious Lucky Strike, seeking a new reckless and moneyed white clientele, metamorphosed into a throbbing garish Sodom and Gomorrah, fleshpots in competition with underground multi-racial nightclubs which fearlessly and brazenly operated without liquor licenses or any other license for that matter. Such places became the sought out and secretive haunts for middle aged risk-oblivious white men, men filled with depraved and boiling passions, men who had willingly thrown caution and respect and reputation to the winds, gambling with their insatiable addiction for voluptas. As archetypical voluptuaries, born of the union between Cupid and Psyche, curb crawlers invaded the inner-city, under the cover of darkness they trolled the streets along the forbidden fringes, seeking out in the shadows the company of flesh-like black incarnations of Gratiae or Volupia, the goddess of dark secret passions. 
2.
One such middle aged white man happened to be a Professor of English at the University of the Witwatersrand. He was married with three young children. He became emotionally entangled with a sixteen year Soweto school girl, who worked part-time as a free-lance prostitute in one of these nightclubs. By bribing a night watchmen the Professor and his enigmatic Volupian used to regularly copulate on the plush carpets in the passages next to the lift door in the various high-rise elite upmarket office blocks of corporate Jo’burg. It was by sheer mischance that he was caught and arrested. From the ground floor foyer they would take a lift, randomly selecting a floor and pushed the button. The police arrested the night watchmen and found the drunken Professor naked, urinating on the carpet next to the lift door while the teenager was hastily trying to get dressed. Both were arrested. The gleaming semen dripping from the vagina of Volupia’s magnificently sculptured black body coalescing into a shining platinum rivulet flowed down her inner thighs was confirmed to belong to the Professor. In similar contraventions of the immorality act, part-time free-lance black prostitutes and full-time black and white sex-workers, working for escort agencies and massage parlours became the co-accused of white men from all walks of life, including a fair sprinkling of clergymen in their ranks. By the end of the 1970s the prosecuting authority gave up prosecuting prostitutes and johns. Anyway the case against the Professor and his Volupia was eventually dropped. Following his erudite and learned defence by a celebrity advocate and council both the Professor and his Volupia became public treasures. She instantly became an international model and his status as an internationally acclaimed scholar of modernist literature reached meteoric heights. He was eventually offered a chair at Yale University and it was rumoured that he married Volupia. What can I say: Welcome to our Jo’burg, the city of gold where a man can get rich I am told. Now being good in the city of Jo’burg is not always easy, no matter how hard I try as I gazed at the invitingly erotic voluptuousness of the brown Arab girl called Gazala.
3.
‘The city is not yet quite dead.’ I said to Gazala. She also wondered whether the city could be put into words. ‘The city was too ineffable for words,’ she finally concluded. ‘Is the city really dying?’ She asked. My response to her sudden insight: ‘The journey to its graveyard can be measured in terms of the stages of its rise and fall. It has been declining in stages. It may now be in the final stages of its decline. But steps have been taken to arrest and reverse the decline. It is hoped that the creation of inner-city precincts such as Newtown and Maboneng would reverse the inner-city decline and trigger a renewal of the inner-city.’ I expanded in hope. ‘I get the feeling that you are fond of the city, I don’t know if that is the right word. You seem to have this personal connection or bond or something, a fondness, yes a fondness…. But still there is something definitely weird and out of joint about this part of Jo’burg, it feels really creepy and dangerous,’ she said. ‘It reminds me of the CBD of Rio de Janeiro. You can never walk about alone in the inner-city of Rio at night. Some zones which merge with the inner-city of Rio are really frightening and threatening. But in Buenos Aires or Montevideo or Havana you can walk in any direction from the inner-city centre to its suburban peripheries and not experience that heavy threatening presence which grips you in Jo’burg or Rio de Janeiro, and they are also cities of the Global South, but they are unlike Jo’burg or Rio. They carry this glitter of exotic native women who court the night without fear in the furthest outposts of European settler civilization if you know what I mean, where black and white merge in the elusive shadows of the night. There is no comparison between the old Jo’burg and Buenos Aires. Buenos Aires is civilized like Paris, London, Madrid, Vienna, Amsterdam, Dublin, Copenhagen, Prague, Budapest, I have spent time in all those cities, I have walked their streets alone, and I have never felt fearful or concerned for my safety. But Jo’burg and Rio de Janeiro are sisters.’ ‘Why? It is the blackness of their women,’ I asked in jest. Gazala expanded: ‘I don’t know. But talking of black women I read this autobiography of a white Afrikaner male who embarked in the 1990s on a sexual odyssey with black prostitutes that he met in places like the Summit Club in Hillbrow and other hotels in Jo’burg. Apartheid meant nothing to him, he completely rejected apartheid, and there were many like him seeking out black women to have sex with. I can guess that many white men actually fell in love with black women when apartheid collapsed.’ 
4.
Renaming and therefore re-inscribing the urban spaces usually happens at the end of war or revolution or the dawn of a new political dispensation. Re-inscription of space and place is always an ironical and a paradoxical symbolic rewriting of narratives. Why? A commemorative inscription of space and place is always haunted by the spectre of an imminent parodical reversal. A cancellation of hopes and dreams even as the morning star rises before the retreating darkness of the long night. Instead, a symbolic re-rendering of the original intended meanings now take on the form of the burlesque, and caricature, and farce. I add to these thoughts: Think of the changing significance of some of the street names of Maputo in the post-1989 world: Avenida dos Duques de Connaught→ Avenida Friedrich Engels (1975); Avenida Andrade Corvo → Avenida Ho Chi Minh (1975); Avenida Manuel de Arriaga → Avenida Karl Marx (1975); Avenida General Rosado→ Avenida Kim Il Sung (1975); Avenida Massano de Amorim → Avenida Mao Tsé Tung (1975); Avenida Augusto de Castilho → Avenida Vladimir Lenin (1975). ). Think of the renaming of Luminous Fountain of the old Lourenço Marques, the old Rotunda da Fonte Luminosa became the Robert Mugabe Square (1975). Think of the street originally named Catherine the Great renamed as Lenin. But what could be more Russian than Catherine the Great? Think of St Petersburg renamed as Leningrad and then renamed back to St Petersburg, the St Petersburg of Dostoevsky. What could be more Russian than this original name of its ancient city? Naming and renaming of streets, spaces and places reflects not only an obsession for omnipresence but also for identity, national pride and historical rootedness. After the invasion of Iraq in 2003 Saddam International Airport was renamed Baghdad International Airport by the Central Command of the Western conquering forces. In order to navigate and control the unfamiliar urbanscape of Baghdad the USA military were reliant on the locally published street guides and maps of the bewildering Baghdadian conurbation. However, in order to transform the complex web of places, spaces, streets and routes into a familiarized American reading the military began to overlay or rather overwrite by hand with ballpoint pens the native Iraqi street and place names demarcated on original maps and street guides of Baghdad with a more familiar set of toponyms comprised of familiar sounding American names such as California Street, Virginia Street and Main Street. In 1975 during Operation Savannah, the South African Defence Force (SADF) faced similar problems when they invaded Angola. Like Americans in the heat of war they were completely reliant on maps and travel guides of Angola which had been drawn up and published by the Portuguese colonials. Now one has to decipher and reconstruct the original Angolan historical ‘war-scape’ by retranslating the post-liberation names of towns back to their original colonial names in order to reimagine the theatre of war within the framework of a meaningful colonial geography, especially for those who participated in the military conflict in a theatre which could only be mapped in terms of its original colonial cartography.
5.
What makes Albertina Sisulu a Road rather than a Street? Before it became Albertina Sisulu Road it used to be Market Street. Our journey to Maboneng cut across or intersected with the following old colonial streets of Jo’burg, the more phonetically wieldy symphony of street names which once upon a time made the toponymic melody of the Jo’burg CBD streetscape lyrically familiar: Harrison, Loveday, Rissik, Joubert, Eloff, Von Brandis, Kruis, Von Wielligh, Delvers, Troye, Polly, Mooi, Goud, Nugget, End, and Van Beek Street. What would Jo’burg be without Rissik Street? After Van Beek Street the driver kept right taking the interchange slipway into Commissioner Street before stopping at the intersection with Albrecht Street at the Maboneng Precinct. It was long after eight but the streets were still surprising busy. Street vendors, mainly foreigners, were still packing up or wheeling away their goods in flimsy constructed trolleys with small wobbly wheels or stolen shopping grocery trolleys. Battered Hi Ace Toyota kombi taxis were still busy with their business of blocking the road or cutting willy-nilly across lanes, stopping suddenly anywhere to pick up or drop off passengers, blowing their hooters. A wailing fire engine and ambulance and JMP patrol car, red and blue lights flashing, sped past us. 
6.
Gazala once asked me what my favourite books were. My answer: ‘The Slave’ by Isaac Bashevis Singer and ‘Lolita’ by Vladimir Nabokov. I had read the ‘The Slave’ and ‘Lolita’ more times than I could remember. I had several copies of ‘The Slave’. I gave Gazala a copy. She could not put it down until she had finished reading it. I told her that I was a literary expert on ‘The Slave’ and ‘Lolita’. I was not bragging or exaggerating. Was I also a literary expert on Isaac Bashevis Singer she wanted to know after reading ‘The Slave’? Yes of course I was. I also told her that I liked Henry Miller, John Updike, Saul Bellow, Philip Roth, Norman Mailer, John Kerouac and Herman Melville. You only like Jewish writers? No Updike, Kerouac and Melville are not Jewish writers. I also like Albert Camus if that would make you happy. And I also like Gabriel García Márquez especially his ‘One Hundred Years of Silence’ and ‘Love in the Time of Cholera’. What about African writers she asked. I have read them all! Who is your favourite South Africa author? I did not have to think too long. It was Imraan Coovadia. She confessed that she thought I was going to say to JM Coetzee and Nadine Gordimer.  I also had my turn to ask Gazala what books she liked. Camus was on the top of her list. She also liked Salman Rushdie and Arundhati Roy, especially her recent book ‘The Ministry of Utmost Happiness’. And what about Frantz Fanon? I have read him but I don’t have an opinion. I consider myself black. Being black in the world is not something I am wrestling with or being too concerned about. I am not ashamed to self-identify as an Arab, anyway the Arabs taught the world how to count. So I have reason to be proud to be an Arab. I am comfortable in my skin. I don’t see the world in terms of black and white. I am not one of those angry black-like-me persons. I am not very politically correct. I suppose that it is due to the influence of Ayaan Hirsi Ali and Christopher Hitchens. I have read some of articles written by Yawen Gwenny. I really like the way she thinks, she is so sharp, so rational and so sane. To me she is the most progressive and enlightened South African public intellectual. What about Achille Mbembe? My knowledge of his writings and thinking is too sketchy for me to express an opinion. As you know I am a liberal, a liberal in the great tradition of Hobbes, Locke, Hume, John Stuart Mill, Kant and Bertrand Russell. I believe in reason and evidence. I know that for the Left liberalism is the greatest swear word in the world, and they are always spitting and shitting on liberalism. But I believe in freedom and liberalism is a philosophy of freedom. And this is why I like Christopher Hitchens so much. And one last question from me: What do think of Slavoj Žižek. Her answer: I have enjoyed listening to him on YouTube. He is so funny, constantly sniffing, grabbing his nose, twitching and pulling at his shirt.  
7.
After being dropped off at Maboneng we made our way to Marrakech. Because our arrival at the door of the restaurant was due to a spur of the moment decision no table had been booked in advance. Fortunately even though inside it was noisily busy there were still some unoccupied tables. We were led to a freshly vacated table in a cosy corner next to a plate glass window by our waiter for the evening. The waiter, a Zimbabwean, like the Uber driver, presented me with the wine list. Before consulting the wine list I asked Gazala if she would like a beer or wine. I prefer wine, she replied. So I passed her the wine list.  In the meantime while we were deciding on the wine I asked the waiter to bring me a large draught of keg beer. While she was scanning the wine menu I asked her what she preferred, red wine or white wine? Well let me see, she said. While she was examining the wine list, I quaffed the beer down, in a rapid succession of deep slugs. My mouth had become bone dry, possibly as a consequence of the unremitting adrenaline rush. We jointly agreed on a bottle of Meerlust 2015 Merlot. Of course it was very expensive, but I insisted that we order the wine, the reason being that we deserved it. And why not? I said with a nonchalant shoulder shrug. And also because it was serving my plan to seduce her, and the first sip, becomes inexorably the first step. And of course she was bit taken aback by the price. The waiter opened the bottle, he poured a little into my glass. I took a sip. Perfect! He filled her glass and topped up mine. We clinked our glasses. L'chaim. She smiled and echoed: To Life! In that pleasant sounding French accented English. I noticed that she was watching me expectantly as I brought the glass to my lips. As always I muttered hurriedly and reflexively the blessing, ‘Barukh ata Adonai Eloheinu, melekh ha'olam...’ (Blessed are You, LORD our God, King of the universe...). She chuckled. ‘Do you ever forget to pray?’ ‘Never, it is habitual. I don’t even realize that I am doing it.’ We ordered the three course ‘Casablanca Special’ which started with a traditional Moroccan bean soup. When the soup arrived. Play it Sam. I said. Play it as time goes by. She answered. I will hum it. I answered. She burst out laughing, her eyes now shining with the sparkle of wine, and I placed my hand on top of hers, and she turned her hand over so that her palm kissed my palm and she closed her fingers round my hand, and I closed my fingers round hers. While holding hands we stared at each other. An unfathomable smile played on her lips. What are we doing? I heard myself asking her. I don’t know, you tell me. She answered. I am attracted to you. Likewise, she answered. We can toast to that. To us, I said. To us, she answered, and laughed. Are we being corny? I asked. Yes we are being terribly corny. Is this for a real or is it a comically rehearsed pastiche of some book or movie scene, are we just play acting or something? She asked with that signature ironic and mysterious Arabian smile. It is a rehearsed pastiche, I answered. No I am just joking, ignore my remark. I am not play acting, to be honest I am attracted to you. I quickly added. Likewise, she responded softy with a gentle smile playing on face. My fantasy of seduction and fucking her had suddenly evaporated. I was confronted by a shocking reality check. There was something special and beautiful happening between us and it was too sacred to mar or harm. I repented. In my mind I prayed: Hashem please forgive me. I could never harm her in any way. How could I? I was in love with her. It was 11.30 pm when the Uber dropped us off at Wits. I walked with Gazala to her flatlet at Postgraduate Lodge. We embraced and kissed long lingering kisses. I walked in the dark through the silent grounds of Wits Campus back to Gate House. I had left my car and house keys in my office. I swiped my staff to open the locked door to the entrance foyer and reception. Once in my office I switched on the computer to check my emails. I had not looked at my emails since Friday. An email from China caught my attention.
8.
My dear Supervisor, Prof Swift, 
Since I left South Africa with you for lunch last time, I have not been to South Africa so far. We have not been in touch for a long time. The COVID-19（Novel Coronavirus pneumonia) which is spreading through the world is not one strain but many, some strains are more lethal than others, attacking many organs in the body.  
I hope my dear supervisor, and your family, and friends, will do a good job to prevent the epidemic, stay at home, go out less, make sure that you are not infected, keep healthy and everything will be OK. If you are short of any protective equipment, such as masks, let me know please and I will find it for you.
Kind regards.
Your student
Zhang.
The email, the English a bit garbled, was from Zhang who had graduated with a PhD from my lab.



Chapter Twenty Eight
1.
Dying a slow death. I slept fitfully, falling in and out of voluptuous dreams filled with Gazala and the mythic Kamilla who had returned as Lilith, the vagina that I had penetrated to the hilt turned out to belong to Millicent, the only vagina I have ever known, and Millicent was a wanton fourteen year old school girl, her school gym hiked up, her thighs spread, we were copulating on the floor in a dim lit corridor at Damelin College and fellow pupils were walking by, indifferent to our mating, on their way to classes. At the crack of dawn I was wide awake, alert and erect as an African bull elephant, aflame and trumpeting and flaring in full musth. After showering I was on the road to Wits. The unfolding narrative of Covid-19 pandemic was on the news. I turned up the radio while sweeping past Gold Reef City and the Booysens off-ramp. I was happy to see that the steep rise of the M1 north into the Crown Interchange was clear, it would soon be backed up with queuing traffic from Soweto and Lenasia. I change the radio channel from the SAFM 105.1 news channel to Jacaranda FM just in time to catch the start of The Chainsmokers’ Closer. Yup I am not getting much older. At 55 I have become besotted over a 35 year old brown skinned Arab woman. In the olden days on the left side of the Crown Interchange which I was now approaching there used be to gigantic mine dump, light yellow in colour. It originally belonged to Rand Mines. For almost a century it was a familiar landmark for motorists travelling daily to work in the City from the outlying suburbs of Booysens, Southdale, Ormonde, Robertsham, Mondeor, Meredale, Eldorado Park, Lenasia, and Soweto. For travellers from further afield, arriving from Bloemfontein, Cape Town or Potchefstroom its towering presence marked the end of the long journey to Jo’burg. The mine dump has long since vanished as a dominating presence in the cityscapes’ skyline. It had been re-mined for its hidden reserves of gold and uranium. In its place, on a radioactive substrate, a China Mart has been built, the levelled vacant space left behind following the removal of the mine dump spoils has now been filled with row upon row of large aircraft hangar sized structures, housing hundreds of shoplet-stalls, offering an infinite range of both genuine and counterfeit goods, all manufactured in China. To the right from the arcing crest of its summit the Crown Interchange of the M1 highway presents a panoramic view of the western aspect of the Jo’burg CBD. Also in the early morning, when viewed from the summit of the Crown Interchange, the blackened geometric silhouette of the inner-city skyscape stands sharply etched against the orange halo of the rising sun. This daily scene of a decaying city against the rising sun has for some reason which I have not bothered to fathom never failed to somehow impress me. The old city, now abandoned and dying a slow death, has always been deeply entangled with my own life, my identity, my own personal journey, and now its demise before my gaze fuels the uneasy and fraught awareness of the transience of not only own life, but also the life of the human-created world in the form of the built environment, in space and time. The pathos of Jo’burg with all its contradictions and complications was in my blood, and in my psyche. Now a dark pall hung over this once fabled and fabulous City of Gold. While still writhing and threshing in its final gasping death throes, not quite living nor quite dead, the scavengers, vultures and hyenas, have moved in from the surrounding shadows and metallic skies to strip away whatever they can from its carcass. All the protective steel piping mounted as protective railing on the concrete parapets of the M1 and M2 Highways had been stripped by thieves. It has been stripped from the parapets all along the off-ramps and along the M1 De Villiers Graaff motorway which runs suspended above the southern and western boundaries of the inner-city. And more especially, it had also been stripped from the protective parapets of the De Villiers Graaff double decker fly-over on the western edge of the inner city. The steel had been sold to unscrupulous metal merchants, together with the countless round black heavy steel storm water and sewage manhole covers which had disappeared almost overnight from all the streets in Johannesburg. 
2.
The thought did cross my mind: Why did I have such a shocking erotic dream in which I was fucking a teenage Millicent, a dream which culminated in a massive climatic adolescent nocturnal emission? I was not nor could I ever be a suspicious person. But the thought did flash through my mind, could the Omnipotent Creator of the Universe be speaking to me?  Was this the only way that Hashem could get my attention. I was not going to be unfaithful to Millicent. We were going to get divorced. I found myself arguing with the King of the Universe. Dear Lord, it is possible that Gazala was to be my lover, possibly my new partner, possibly even my new life partner. Why am I speaking to G-d? Why do I feel so overcome with guilt? Was it because I was religious in an ironic or contradictory sense. I could not bring myself to doubt the existence of Moses and Abraham and Isaac and Jacob. The historicity of the Hebrew Bible or Tanakh, and also the historiography of ancient Israel has been challenged throughout the ages including by some notables such as Baruch Spinoza. Some argue that the Jews have fabricated their own history as a people chosen by G-d. It is not difficult to conclude that any calling into question the Biblical based paradigm regarding the ancient history of Israel also represents an erasure of the history of the Jewish people. It is also not too difficult to see that any so-called scholarly claims that the Hebrew Bible was created for the sole purpose of serving as a founding mythology for the origins of Israel also functions as a myth, a conspiracy myth. This thought invites the following critical question: On what undeclared or untransparent question begging foundational presuppositions are the conclusions based in regard to the historical status of the Hebrew Bible? The critical Biblical scholarship challenging the historicity of the Hebrew Bible and the Biblical based historiography of ancient Israel is essentially and epistemically foundationalist in its approach. It is based on the following positivistic and foundationalist approach typical of the physical and natural sciences: A proposition or claim about anything cannot be believed unless we have positive or objectively certain evidence for that proposition or claim? A foundationalist approach to Biblical criticism inevitably collapses into an infinite regress. The infinite regress takes the following form: do we have evidence for our evidence? The infinite regress cannot be terminated. This problem is the problem of induction or inductive reasoning. No final conclusion can be reached with absolute certainty. Which means that no finality can be reached by means of inductive reasoning. No matter how many observations or confirming instances are marshalled in support of an inductively derived conclusion regarding some claim, the claim remains vulnerable to refutation by a single disconfirming instance. Consequently the ultimate certainty of any inductively derived conclusion remains postponed indefinitely. At the practical and methodological level science operates within a Popperian framework. Which means that no scientific theory can be ultimately verified, it can however be conclusively falsified. Popper’s methodological falsificationism has become entrenched in modern science. Only falsifiable claims are scientific. This is Popper’s legacy.
3.
To repeat, no infinite regress cannot be terminated. And because it cannot be terminated it leads inexorably to the G-d question. It is because of this that I believe that neither the historicity of the Hebrew Bible nor the divine covenantal based origins of Jewish people can be settled within a foundationalist framework. Nor can the ultimate questions of the natural or physical sciences be settled within a foundationalist framework. Foundationalism is inevitably plagued by the inferno of circular reasoning and bottomless abyss of the infinite regression. 
4.
Claims that the Torah or the Tanakh are filled with nothing but myths or stories or fictions, which function as the founding myths of the Jewish people represent nothing new. Often in Biblical criticism the word ‘stories’ is used in technical sense as a stand in term for myth and fiction. Because they are mere stories, meaning that they actually represent myths or fictions or tales or sagas or legends, all of the so-called historical episodes and events recorded in the Torah or Tanakh never actually occurred in real space and time. Hypothesis of the ‘Higher Biblical Criticism’: In the minds of the original scribes the writings were never meant to fulfil the role of written records of Israel’s actual history. Instead they were written to serve an ideological purpose, aimed at securing political claims with regard to cities and territories. It is in this role that the stories function as the founding myths of Israel. My intellectual confrontation with the history of the scholarly criticism of the Hebrew Bible represented the dark night of my journey into Judaism and my existence as a Jewish convert.
5.    
I was literally ambushed. In the first few years following my conversion I basked in that summer glow of a life-changing experience. I had discovered the centrality of membership for living a meaningful life. Becoming and being a Jew was existentially meaningful. I lived in a state of that golden happiness which every convert to Judaism experiences after having endured and overcome all the obstacles, ordeals, hurts, humiliations, trials and rigours which clutter the hard, stony, steep, uphill road to become a Jew. Like many converts, for that radiant season, I became deeply religious. That was before I began to suffer the rising tide of melancholy, doubt, and misgivings which made my personal sense of Jewish meaningless. If you were born a Jew like Millicent then it was easily to exist as Jew while actually accepting the truth of the critical claims of Biblical scholarship that Israel and Judaism were founded on myth and fiction. It was fine for Millicent that God did not exist and that Bible was just a book filled with stories. 
8. 
In those halcyon days following my conversion I took it upon myself with great conviction and enthusiasm to make the most of every festival, celebration and feast on the Jewish calendar (Rosh Chodesh, Rosh Hashanah, Tzom Gedalia, Yom Kippur, Sukkot, Shemini Atzeret and Simchat Torah, Hanukkah, Tenth of Tevet, Tu Bishvat, Purim, Pesach, Sefirat, Shavuot and so on and so forth). I made sure that every Jewish holiday became a memorial family occasion for Millicent, my in-laws and their kin, and my three daughters, Veronica, Verona and Vera, who were all born in rapid succession, each spaced one year apart. Millicent, brimming with fecundity, giving birth to three Jewish children, had been obedient, fulfilling the great mitzvah, the duty of all Jewish woman, to be fruitful and multiply. Veronica, Verona and Vera as proudly and fervently devout Jewish women will also fulfil the great mitzvah by having many children. And the Jewish people will flourish. G-d promised that the seed of Abraham will become infinite in number, more than the stars in the sky and exceeding the grains of sand which covered the surface of earth, and I would have played a small part in the fulfilment of this great promise. Veronica, Verona and Vera became fervently devout and halakhic because of their father, who made sure that their home was kosher and that the Shabbat was observed and that Millicent lit the Shabbat Candles before sunset, mother and daughters covering their eyes, welcoming into our home the Shabbat Queen, while reciting the prayer: ‘Blessed are You, Lord our G-d, King of the universe, who has sanctified us with His commandments, and commanded us to light the Shabbat candles.’ On my play list: The Chainsmokers – ‘Closer’. I turned up the volume. Yes, Millicent was right, I have not grown up. But I know that I am dying. I pray to Hashem. I pray for my family, for Millicent, Veronica, Verona and Vera. I keep on saying to Hashem that I believe. I believe in the G-d of Abraham and Isaac and Jacob, I pray for Israel, I pray for the people that I love. Every day when I wake up I experience the certainty of G-d, I know that the Lord is close. 
9.
Eventually I managed to emerge from that dark valley of doubt and depression, strengthened in my faith and convictions regarding my status as a Jew and the soundness of my philosophical defence of Judaism.
10.
But be forewarned, in the writing of this doomsday essay, I have been driven by an irresistible encyclopaedic impulse. Thus as an essay it is necessarily open-ended. Which means this essay ends with no final word on the matters which were of concern to the author. Open-endedness is the nature of the search for a theory of everything, ultimately this kind of search always turns out to be a search for meaning, for intelligibility, for truth, a search which necessarily has to be guided by reason and evidence. The open-endedness of any search or journey into some kind of ultimacy can only be only sustained by a fascination for everything, even the mutable, the temporal or transient, and thus this open-ended search, in the midst of the flux of becoming, can only be spurred on by an incurable enthralment with the world, an enthralment which can only be extinguished following one’s last breath, leaving the search and its journey uncompleted. The lure of or absorption with the world also kindles that unquenchable metaphysical and mystical flame, which characterises the endeavour of the novelist, the artist and the scientist, an endeavour driven by wanting to know the what, why and how of everything, not for any practical or utilitarian or economic purpose, but purely for the sublime pleasure of knowing, that is knowing something for its own sake and for no other reason. This is the supreme meaning of life. This is also the supreme Good. Yet the supreme Good constantly eludes us. Our knowledge is always incomplete. Mainly because we live in a state of flux, change, and becoming, never quite getting to the end. When everything is in a state of continuous flux there is no destination, no progress or telos or ascendancy, only entropy and decay and degradation. In other words the Universe is running down. It will inevitably end in an entropy death, and with it the meaning of everything. And yet G-d is there. I know the Lord is there. G-d is closer than one could possibly imagine.
11.
Therefore, I cannot agree with Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook’s ideas of progressive evolution. There is no empirical evidence for a progressive or purposeful or goal directed unfolding of reality. There is no Universal History in a Hegelian sense. Natural history within a Darwinian theoretical framework is not progressive in any teleological sense. There is no evolution towards any end or goal or objective. Evolution does not embody any plan of salvation. Is there any evidence for a progressive unfolding of reality? No there is not! The world is not moving towards greater perfection. There is no law of progress towards perfection in the sense of Kook’s idea of evolutionary progress which is somehow metaphysically rooted in the Kabbalistic notion of the Ein Sof which somehow actualizes the divinity latent in all phenomenal reality, by virtue of which perfection eventually becomes manifested in the world. How do we response to the idea that all existence wants to be perfect? Is it not already perfect and good as it is? This would be a naturalist or materialist perspective on the nature of the evolution of the entire Universe in which we find ourselves. At bottom neither good nor evil actually exists in the Universe. Good and evil are human constructs. We construct imperfection, and we can construct a falling short of the glory of G-d. We even construct our own blameworthiness, and if we don’t someone else will do it for us, someone will accuse us of our complicity without even grasping that they too share in our complicity, no one is innocent. To borrow a saying from the Christian Gospels, ‘he who is without sin let him cast the first stone.’ So we are all equally guilty of some offence or transgression. No one is innocent. 
12.
After the Second World War Karl Jaspers published ‘The Question of German Guilt’ in which he identified the following four classes of guilt: criminal guilt, political guilt, moral guilt and metaphysical guilt. Criminal guilt is incurred when the law is broken. Political guilt is incurred when each citizen is co-responsible for the criminal actions of the state. Moral guilt is incurred when an individual can be held morally responsible for his or hers actions. Metaphysical guilt is incurred where each individual bear’s responsibility for the state of world and Jasper states that this kind of guilt whether incurred independently or under orders falls under the jurisdiction of G-d alone. With regard to metaphysical guilt no one is blameless. But there is another way of looking at things with respect to the idea of law. For example, physical laws and principles by virtue of which the Universe can exist and also evolve in all its profound and unbelievable complexity are seemingly perfect, and in turn, these natural laws facilitate the attainment of perfection with regard to natural states of affairs. If these laws were not perfect in themselves then how could they be improved and made better so as to forestall or circumvent the occurrence of moral catastrophes? In terms of these laws of nature, do we not indeed live in the best of all possible Universes? The idea of living in the best of all possible worlds is linked to the problem of theodicy. We can indeed imagine a better world within the framework or legislation of the existing laws of nature. If this is the case, then how did we fall short of manifesting or realizing the latent divinity in all phenomenal reality, given that the essence of divinity is also manifested in the perfection in all things? Could it be possible that the actual laws governing the physical Universe are indeed imperfect? If G-d were truly G-d would G-d make an imperfect Universe controlled and governed by imperfect laws of nature? To sum up, there are laws of nature and then there are other kinds of laws, man-made or divinely legislated laws, laws which govern the social, economic and political life of individuals under the auspices of the nation state. The latter idea of law is also central to Judaism. And to live under these latter kinds of laws also means to live paradoxically. 
13.
I discovered for myself that to be truly Jewish is to live the paradox of faithfulness to G-d, Torah, Mitvot, and the Jewish people. Why is it ‘the’ paradox? Judaism, the religion of Jews, is a religion of law (halakhah), which ultimately means that there can be no separation between life and law or state and religion or state and faith or state and Torah observance. I use the word ‘state’ in its broadest sense, as in the universal and all-encompassing and inclusive state of affairs that are subject to the governance and ordinance of the Almighty Creator of the Universe.  How else can one live the halakhic life if not in the universe of the ‘halakhic state’ or in other words within a ‘halakhic theocracy’. The paradox is that this goal can never be realized, especially in the State of Israel. Also paradoxically it has never been realized. There are many valid arguments against the political viability of a halakhic state, the existing alternative is the current Jewish Sovereign State of Israel, which is a secular democratic state. This essay is not about the employment of religious ideologies in the formation of a state. It is not about the defence of any kind of state building projects in terms of laws and governance. This is because no state and law based political projects can ensure the survival of humanity. The only avenue open for the avoidance of a dystopia or an apocalypse involves the reversal of the state building project altogether. The destruction of the state as an institution of power and control is the only option humanity has to avoid the final collapse. The paradox can be expressed as follows: Political salvation can only be achieved by abolishing both state and law or in other words, abolishing the political kingdom. Do not first seek the political kingdom. The state in whatever form, irrespective of the prevailing religion, can only exist as an oligarchy, and the existence of the oligarchy has always been hostile to human flourishing in terms of autonomy and freedom. This has been the universal paradox of humanity ever since the end of the Palaeolithic era. This is the paradox of non-natural law.
14.
Hannah Arendt with some qualifications praised the anarchism of Bakunin. She was critical of Marxists who saw the revolutionary councils as being only transient, temporary and interim measures, to be superseded by a state based on democratic centralism. In place of the centralized state the revolutionary councils and the revolutionary commune should have become permanent anarchist institutions. Arendt’s model of the revolutionary councils or anarcho-republicanism deserves serious consideration. It only through the permanent institutionalization of revolutionary councils that genuine utopian aspirations could be realized. Protests movements such as the Occupy Movements or the Arab Spring or the People’s War in South Africa failed in the end as revolutionary movements precisely because they did not succeed in institutionalizing revolutionary ground-up and community based councils as permanent alternatives to existing political institutions such as the centralized all-powerful state. Revolution involves the creation of alternative political institutions rather than the perpetuation of the state. Political machination and mafianization depends on the perpetuation of the state and thus remains hostile to the existence of revolutionary councils as alternative institutional forms for facilitating social agency. The goal of political machination and mafianization is to monopolize and exert social agency over the whole of life, and herein lie the seeds of dystopian inevitabilities.
15.
The temporality of everything, this sense or feeling or perception of transience, this absence of permanence, robs everything of its reality, making everything unreal, because what is real should be unchanging, immutable and invariant. What is real should be timeless, but nothing is timeless, everything is subject to decay, to corrosion, to erosion, to degradation, to the inevitability of increasing disorder, to increasing entropy. The Universe is running down. This is why the Eleatics denied the reality of the everyday world in which we are embedded, the world with its cityscapes, landscapes and mountain-scapes is changing constantly, and we perceive the change by remembering how everything used to be. And what we remember is no longer real, it just a memory. What was then real for the Eleatics? Only Being was real. What is Being? Hello Heidegger, please inform us! Everything else is an illusion. The illusory is the world of change, the world of becoming. This is the world of sense perception, in other words the world which we can see, hear, taste, smell and feel with our hands and skin. It is the sensuous world, it therefore a world which is experienced as sumptuous, opulent, rich, deep, intense, luxurious, affective, exciting, beautiful, ugly, evil, good, tangible, pregnant, yet all of this is simultaneously illusionary. All of this is not real! This ordinary world of becoming, happens to be the world we perceive with eyes, hear with our ears, smell with our nose, taste with our tongue, feel and touch with our hands, is not real, it is illusionary. What is real is Being. Being is not ‘something’ which cannot be apprehended with the eye or ear or nose or tongue or hand. It cannot be known by means of our five senses. It is neither here nor there, neither then nor now. It can only be apprehended by the eye of reason. Only through thought and reason can we reach what is Being or what is truly Real. For Eleatics Being cannot be an object of the senses, it cannot be something. It is only accessible through reason or thinking, and not by means of the senses. In summary, these remarks should help one to distinguish between what is meant by the unreal and real. It also helps to distinguish between reason and sense perception, in the words, it helps to distinguish between the changing world of the senses or perception versus the immutable Reality apprehended by means of reason. However, even though Hegel was also an Eleatic from the perspective that the substance of all previous philosophies are contained, preserved, absorbed and transformed dialectically in his own philosophical system, Hegel by means of dialectical argumentation challenges the central thesis of the Eleatics which is the absolute separation of sense and reason. Which also meant that perception and reality don’t converge on the same thing, what you perceive with the senses is not reality. What you experience is not reality. Perception is not sensation, but without sensation there can be no perception. All that you are experiencing are sensations, which are products or outputs generated as a consequence of the stimulation of the sense organs, the stimuli of the sense organs or the excitations of the sense organs, which are transmitted via the nervous system to the brain where they are ‘decoded’ into perceptions.
16.
Control over space and place and time. In the interplay or dynamics between power-seeking behaviour and personality, the personalities who become empowered, become empowered over others in interpersonal interactions and interpersonal relationships by virtue of an unequal or asymmetric distribution of power between individuals which becomes reflected in the stratification or hierarchicalization of rank or status. What about the role of complicity in all of this? Complicity invokes the idea of blameworthiness. With respect to its linkage to blameworthiness, complicity also invokes the idea of being an accomplice with regard to some act or action performed by a primary perpetrator which may be an individual or enterprise or organization or some form of institution, for example the government or the state. There is always a tension between individual responsibility and collective behaviour. I personally don’t do moral self-flagellation. I don’t feel any personal guilt for the apartheid mess or even anger for the current mess. It was all foreordained. In this sense I am a physicalist or naturalist or materialist. Gotham, Metropolis, or the Flash’s Central City, it is all the same. Protagoras proposed that perception is reality. Endless change without ever acquiring any kind of determinacy, never getting to the stage where a definite identity is exhibited. Something is what it is only in not being something else.
17.
A thought, just a thought which I have, and which I have decided to insert here, an editorial revision I decided to make while I was proof-reading the final draft of this rambling narrative (the revision was made in the year 2023). But the revision is an intrusion from the future into my thoughts and musing that took place in 1990. It is an intrusion of an idea projected retroactively from 2023 to 1990 to fill in the gaps of my comic book ramblings on the night of my walk through the streets of Jo’burg. So here we go: This is what I want to add, from the wisdom of hindsight, into the imaginary comic book called ‘Gothamic City of Johannesburg. The rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie, who are working in alliance with the vast international criminal networks of the world don’t have to literally wear masks to disguise their true identities, instead they wear the mask of pretence in the form of a parodical representation of the great leader, the big man, the liberation hero, the struggle icon, the freedom fighter or the anti-colonialist. Likewise Sorina Siren Manners’ own face is her mask, whereas in the case of Eleena Fatti Monis she wears an actual mask and costume. Like the anti-heroes Eleena has a double identity, but compared to the anti-heroes her double identity has a different meaning or significance. The anti-hero does not want to be seen as the person he has chosen to be which in actuality is a rent-seeking crook. He or she wants to be seen as someone who is working tirelessly on behalf of the interests of ‘our people’. The anti-hero in the context of this comic book does not what to be exposed for the person he or she really is, which is a corrupt rent-seeking thief, but wants rather to be objectified as the great hero of liberation, the freedom, the struggle icon, who is beyond reproach. He or she is a man or woman of the people. The concerns of the people on always dripping from their lips like poisoned honey. Their relation with the people would be much like the one that Pablo Escobar the drug lord and narcoterrorist, founder and boss of Medellin Drug Cartel, had with the population of Medellin in Columbia. In fact the urbanscape of Medellin is an iconic representation of a dystopian heterochronotopia. Like Pablo Escobar, the anti-hero is objectified as a hero who is beyond reproach, and who is able to act with impunity with regard to breaking the law, knowing that she or he is beyond the reach of the law, he or she is untouchable. The anti-hero in the form of the comprador rent-seeker cannot escape from acting out a parodical and absurd representation of the imaginary iconic hero, that is, as the one who concretely embodies the great freedom fighter or the liberation fighter. Here we have the enactment of mythology in the form of a representation of representation. A representation of a representation is a misrepresentation. The anti-hero views himself or herself as a replica of a heroic personage and internalizes this status through a process of self-objectification or self-construction or make-belief or self-delusion. Charlatans! The anti-hero’s self-objectification and self-construction as a heroic man of the people, is an example of the jargon of performativity and expressivity, in the form of a representation of a representation.



Chapter Twenty Nine

1.
By 6.00 am on the Tuesday 17th of March 2020 after a night out to Maboneng with Gazala I was in my office busy going through the usual avalanche of emails, checking for work-related emails which required my attention. Addressing all matters requiring my immediate attention or response marked the end of my obligatory admin chores for the time being. I knew that I could a waste a lot of time if allowed myself to go through all the news letters which I subscribed too: 
The Guardian info@editorial.theguardian.com
Guardian Opinion info@editorial.theguardian.com
Guardian Film Today info@editorial.theguardian.com
Literary Hub lithub@lithub.com
GenomeWeb newsletters@genomeweb.com
Frontiers reply@engage.frontiersin.com
The Telegraph thetelegraph@email3.telegraph.co.uk
agutting@nd.edu
Jacobin Magazine auth@jacobinmag.com
Business Maverick bm@dailymaverick.co.za
ResearchGate no-reply@researchgatemail.net
Lapham's Quarterly editorial@laphamsquarterly.org
The Hannah Arendt Center arendt@bard.edu
Brain Pickings by Maria Popova newsletter@brainpickings.org
Quillette claire@quillette.com
Politicsweb noreply@politicsweb.co.za
Academia.edu premium@academia-mail.com
The New York Times nytdirect@nytimes.com
Rational Standard <editor=rationalstandard.com@mlsend.com>
Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News update@genmail.co
Business Maverick bm@dailymaverick.co.za
Rosie at Boston Review Rosie@bostonreview.net
Chabad.org jewishlife@chabad.org
LinkedIn notifications-noreply@linkedin.com
Chabad.org inspiration@chabad.org
Bloomsbury Literary Studies csm@bloomsburynews.com
Evolution Institute and This View of Life Magazine ei@evolution-institute.org
The Boston Globe newsletters@email.bostonglobe.com
Daily Maverick firstthing@dailymaverick.co.za
Literary Hub lithub@lithub.com
Latest Science News -- ScienceDaily noreply+feedproxy@google.com 
Shmuel Sackett I Am Yisrael Chai Shmuel@AmYisraelChaiFund.org 
Polity newsletters@creamermedia.co.za
JTA Daily Briefing newsdesk@jta.org  
LARB | Los Angeles Review of Books info@lareviewofbooks.org
CounterPunch News becky@counterpunch.ccsend.com
The Economist today newsletters@e.economist.com
GenomeWeb newsletters@genomeweb.com
I would rather leave these emails for the evening. My day was taken up with talking and reading. I had literally hundreds of papers, PDFs of recently published papers which I had downloaded onto my laptop’s hard drive into various folders, and which I needed to read in order to stay abreast of what was happening on the broad scientific front within our general field of research interests. Next I checked the calendar on my cell phone for scheduled meetings. My first meeting this morning was with Gazala. It was scheduled for 8.00 to discuss the progress she had made with the gene annotation of an interesting parasitic nematode. My Arabian princess looking radiant arrived at my door at 7.45 ahead of the others. I suggested that we have our meeting over coffee at WAM. Over coffee before we could start talking about her research, I had to lay my cards on the table, I didn’t want to gamble with my career, it had already cost me my marriage and I didn’t want to throw it away for the sake of a wild love affair. Was I in love or infatuated with Gazala? I was not sure. But I had to go by the book. I decided to avoid using the word love. Instead I said: ‘I need to tell that I have developed feelings for you.’ Now that I had taken the plunge, I felt the need to expand, so I confessed: ‘I have had these feeling for you for some time.’ ‘What about Millicent?’ She asked. ‘Millicent had to do what she felt was best for her. She was not really leaving me, I had the option to immigrate to Canada but I decided to stay against her wishes and her advice. Maybe I have made a mistake. But I have decided to stay. I am glad I have decided to stay.’ I informed her that I wished to have a relationship with her. I also informed her that it was University policy that romantic relations between academics and postgraduates or postdoctoral researchers had to be disclosed to the University. Let me be honest. I was also throwing away my life just so that I could be with Gazala. I had already in a sense given up my life with Millicent because of my career.
2.
The writing was on the wall. Dear reader hear me out. I know I cannot stop litigating the past, especially the past I shared with Millicent, maybe I am feeding the need for self-justification. I really don’t like to brood over things. Having said all of this, now I can say something about the evolution of my relation with Millicent. Buying and developing our property in the south of Johannesburg was one of the compromises she was willing to make over something I wanted, but not without difficulties. However it was convenient for me and in a real sense it was also convenient for Millicent. Wits was a mere 15 km away, which in terms of the nature of my job commitments as an academic, also provided me with the necessary dimensions of space and time I needed as father and husband. I could become the prime caretaker of our three daughters, and not to mention the housekeeper. I liberated Millicent from all the household and family cares. She could pursue her career, make lots of money, while I held down the fort. I ended up practically running the household and bringing up our daughters while Millicent could focus on her career as a highflying attorney. She managed to become the major share-holder and CEO of one of the largest legal firms in Johannesburg. Politically the country changed course quite significantly after 2008 following the global financial debacle. For South Africa, metaphoric speaking, the writing on the wall, and there was no mistaking its prophetic message. The materialization of this exceedingly dire state of affairs also represented for Millicent the proverbial Biblical writing on the wall, in fact it heralded the beginning of the end for South Africa, and it signalled the unstoppable slide down a very slippery slope into the inevitable social, economic and political oblivion we collectively face as a country. As it turned out, from the vantage point of 2023, she had been prophetic in her judgment regarding the future of South Africa. In a word, there was really no future at all. I could not dispute her prognosis regarding the future. Everything she predicted came to fruition. In 2020 she had made up her mind to immigrate to Canada. It was a carefully considered and in the end the only rational decision a sane person could make under the circumstances. As a strategic thinker Millicent was matchless. I agreed that it was the right thing to do for our family. Anyway almost all of her family had already moved to Canada. She was adamant and quite blunt in her assessment of the unravelling of South Africa. The incontestable verdict in her mind had been reached. The unassailable judgment had been passed. She stated plainly that there was no future for whites and certainly no future for Jews in South Africa. From the look on her face, what she said about the fate of Jews in South Africa included me. And to drive home her point she said: ‘You as a Jew should know better.’ Yes, I as a Jew should know better! As a member of the Jewish people I should know better! Of course as a Jew I should have known better, it was the right time to flee! For her the country was becoming increasing anti-Semitic. This I knew. I had experienced ant-Semitism at first hand – I was referred to as: ‘You fucken Jew…#@$%&’ by a spitting and raging and hysterical fallista who threatened to strike me when I refused to stop lecturing my classes during the 2015 and 2016 #FeesMustFall riots. During the 2015 and 2016 fees must fall student protests I had witnessed the anti-Semitic graffiti sprayed on the walls of the buildings on the Wits Campus: Nazi Swastikas and Death to Jews. Of course the graffiti offended and angered me. And of course the wearing of the Palestinian flag and scarves by the protesting students who had now acquired the derogatory label of ‘fallistas’ was offensive to me. I discovered that I harboured pro-Israel Zionist sentiments. Secretly I was unsupportive of the Palestinian cause and supported the Israeli settler occupation of the West Bank.  The writing was on the wall. I had read the books of the prophets. Anger surged in my heart. Eventually G-d’s promise to His people would be fulfilled, the whole territory of what was once called Palestine belongs to the Jews, a promise made by G-d to Abraham our father. My Jewish name was Joshua. Gazala was right I had become a radical Zionist.
3.
The Writing is on the Wall (Daniel 5, versus 1 to 7): King Belshazzar gave a great banquet for a thousand of his nobles and drank wine with them. While Belshazzar was drinking his wine, he gave orders to bring in the gold and silver goblets that Nebuchadnezzar his father had taken from the temple in Jerusalem, so that the king and his nobles, his wives and his concubines might drink from them. So they brought in the gold goblets that had been taken from the temple of God in Jerusalem, and the king and his nobles, his wives and his concubines drank from them. As they drank the wine, they praised the gods of gold and silver, of bronze, iron, wood and stone. Suddenly the fingers of a human hand appeared and wrote on the plaster of the wall, near the lampstand in the royal palace. The king watched the hand as it wrote. His face turned pale and he was so frightened that his legs became weak and his knees were knocking. The king summoned the enchanters, astrologers and diviners. Then he said to these wise men of Babylon, Whoever reads this writing and tells me what it means will be clothed in purple and have a gold chain placed around his neck, and he will be made the third highest ruler in the kingdom.
But Daniel was the only who could translate the inscriptions on the wall (Daniel 5, versus 25 to 31): This is the inscription that was written: mene, mene, tekel, upharsin. Here is what these words mean: Mene: G-d has numbered the days of your reign and brought it to an end. Tekel: You have been weighed on the scales and found wanting. Upharsin: Your kingdom is divided and given to the Medes and Persians. Then at Belshazzar’s command, Daniel was clothed in purple, a gold chain was placed around his neck, and he was proclaimed the third highest ruler in the kingdom. That very night Belshazzar, king of the Babylonians, was slain, and Darius the Mede took over the kingdom, at the age of sixty-two.
4.
The writing is on the wall, but I am taking my chances. Once more dear reader please hear me out. As a well-established full-professor at Wits I prevaricated. I was not ready to pack up and leave South Africa. So while hoping for the best we started planning in 2008 for the worst, which meant our daughters would be encouraged to immigrate to Canada as soon as they had finished University. Then from 2015 onwards things began to progressively worsen. Millicent could not imagine that there would ever be light at the end of tunnel. By the end of 2019, in her mind, she had already immigrated to Canada. All the signs indicated that South Africa was teetering on the brink of an irreversible economic meltdown. Yet in spite of the country racing at full speed to the bottom of an economic abyss I still couldn’t imagine myself starting from scratch in a new country. Millicent accused me of nursing a death wish. But the stark reality was that in the New World scientists come at dime a dozen. There was no possibility that in 2020, especially at my age (55 years old), that I would get an academic position in my field which was in the genomics and phylogeny of parasitism. The international academic world was too crowded with young aspirants. In reality she was asking me to give up my life. And she always added: for the sake for the family. I was being placed under incredible emotional blackmail. She even offered to fund me as an independent researcher at some or other University in Canada. What was it that was holding me back she pleaded? I could not explain. I just did not want to leave. In a way I was not forsaking my family. They had their lives, families, careers and futures. I was in the late golden summer of my life. Soon it would be autumn for me and then the winter. In the end I said I wanted to stay, but I also asked her if she still had it in her heart to provide me with a life-line if things really go down the drain. She promised she would no matter what eventually transpires between us, I could always count on her. That was Millicent, firm in her ways, ready to concede something in a difficult negotiation, and always a compassionate person. I could have not found a better marriage partner. Millicent, being risk adverse and always prudent especially when it came to money, had timeously as early as 2016 moved all her investments off-shore. The world’s 1% wealthy would somehow be able to buy the means to survive any man made planetary disaster. It was evident that since the onset of the Holocene it was just a question of time for our eventual demise. Our extinction as a species was inevitable. In seemed like the final day of reckoning was already knocking at the front door for South Africa, much sooner than we had expected. But even so, I knew that it was too late for me to even think about another future. I was well aware that the once broad horizon of opportunities for me personally had shrunk considerably. I decided that I would take my chances. So I stuck to my decision to stay in South Africa. 
5.
‘Flog everything,’ that is exactly what she said. But long before Millicent finally decided to leave South Africa, in order to placate her doomsdays concerns, I had made a substantial investment in making our home completely self-sufficient with regard to food, water and electricity supply. I had embarked on a project that resembled something akin to doomsday prepping. The installation of solar heating and solar voltaic panels made us independent of the ESKOM electricity grid. The installation of Jojo tanks with a combined water storage capacity of 20 000 L to collect rainwater from the roof gutters gave us a standby supply of freshwater. A professional landscape gardener was hired to create a system of channels, trenches and sand filters to harvest and capture the rainfall groundwater runoff in below ground reservoirs with the overflow decanting into the swimming pool and a large fish pond which I filled with carp. The landscaper also created a terrace for an orchard (fig, peach, pear, apple, plum and apricot trees) and a terrace for a vegetable patch. I also bought a petrol driven generator and ten 20 L Jerry Cans. With just Millicent and me being the sole occupants of our property and having sufficient garage space for four cars when we now only needed space for two cars I got builders in and subdivided half of the garage into a large storeroom facility with storage bins, cupboards and shelves. The storeroom was stocked with a wide range of long life grocery items, several cylinders of gas and all kinds of useful accessories. So in theory we could be self-sufficient for two or more years should the need arise. I locked the storeroom door and placed the key in the key-cabinet in the scullery. Various other items which I considered important were also duly purchased and stashed in the storeroom. When Millicent said: ‘Flog the stuff!’ This was the stuff she meant, in addition to the inverters, batteries, photovoltaic panels, solar geysers, wines, whiskeys, liquors, the CCTV camera surveillance system, gas cylinders, generator, water tanks, the water filtration plant, and all the pumps that been installed to pump water into the swimming pool, fish pond, the vegetable garden irrigation system and the water supply reservoir which we had installed in the roof to supply the household water. I had personally spent a lot of money on becoming completely self-sufficient, and now she was quite happy that I simply flog everything. Yes, we were expecting a disaster, it was inevitable, but we believed that it would eventually pass, and we believed that we would survive, and we believed it will be followed by a general recovery and the restoration of a new kind of normality. And hopefully the new normality would be imbued with a spirit of civic virtue, something which had been woefully absent.  We believed that South Africans would save themselves and rebuilt a better country. We believed that in the end the dictates of Reason and Logic would prevail. We believed that the benefits of civic virtue and trust and honesty and integrity would be rediscovered, and life would go on. Well at least this was what I believed. I believed in the future of South Africa. I believed in the people of South Africa. But Millicent was sceptical, but then again she always played her cards tight to her chest and did not show her hand until the end of 2019 when she said: ‘Flog everything!’ I couldn’t. She also recommended that I migrate all my investments offshore. 
6.
My thoughts: No Millicent you were wrong about me. I was not short sighted when it came to the future of South Africa. I was not naïve or unrealistic or a dreamer. I have always views things with a jaundiced eye. I know that I would live my life out within the interregnum of the uncertainty, an interim which promises to endure for ever, the oligarchy never quite dead and the new Anarchist Republic struggling forever to be born. My plans were made in hope, hope for the best, but planning for the worst. Even while I expected the worst, I still believed in the people of our country. Like you, I had taken stock of the situation. Given the increasing fluidity of the current economic and political situation in South Africa, we together reviewed our options. Together we continually revisited and revised our plans accordingly, almost on a daily basis. We hedged our bets. Even though the South African economy had been in trouble for decades, I never quite lost hope. Even when the situation began to look increasingly irredeemable, I still believed we would be ‘saved by the bell’. I wanted to hang onto the life I had made for myself, especially my career. So I had to believe that somehow as a country we could still save ourselves. We would survive in the end. This why we made all our dooms day plans. We were planning to survive the night of the winter. In the back of my mind there would be a spring.
7.
You were right! I was full of contradictions. Millicent predicted that my contradictions would destroy me in the end. I believed in G-d. I believed that the Torah was G-d’s revelation given to the Jews at Sinai. I also believed in cause and effect. With regard to believing in the existence of cause and effect I did not follow my own logic to the end. Instead I believed that the moral imperatives of decency would prevail in the end. I believed in common decency. I believed that something like decency existed. I believed in the existence of a moral imperative. I believed that it was our duty, our obligation to do what was right. I also believed that what was right would prevail in the end. I believed in this even though as a scientist I held to a naturalist or physicalist metaphysics. As a logical consequence of holding to a materialist or physicalist metaphysics the biologically inherent or materialist foundations for moral judgments or moral impulses or predisposition towards doing the decent thing or the will to do the right thing becomes highly problematic. I have always been engaged in the struggle to do the right thing for moral reasons. Dear reader you know this!  And knowing that it is a mental struggle and a struggle of the will to always do the right thing, I have become increasing curious about why leaders or people seeking power have never been motivated or never felt compelled to do the right thing. I was curious about the causes or causal mechanisms or the Nietzschean physiological conditions or natural predispositions which result in the undermining and challenging and subversion of the moral order for the sake of the will to power, where truth coincides with attaining what is willed. What is my point? The point is this: Why would the leaders of the so-called national democratic revolution succumb to greed and self-enrichment at the expense of the welfare of the poor and the working class? What kind of chain of mechanistic causation, at the genomic, epigenetic, enzymatic, receptor, signal transduction, biochemical, metabolic, physiological, neurobiological, behavioural and sociological levels, brought about this metamorphosis which transformed the so called leaders of the liberation struggle into an unscrupulous, callous, rapacious, ravenous, avaricious and predatory gang of thieves, into comprador rent-seekers? Metaphorically they had midwifed the birth of a ‘Gotham City’. 
8.
Magical Realism: South Africa has been transformed into a DC comic book. A rational account for the ontogenesis of the endless list of adjectives, words which can be used to profile the characteristic psycho-pathological and socio-pathological attributes of the Holocene political monster cannot be readily formulated. The natural life history of political monsters seemingly defies explanation, even given its post-Palaeolithic prevalence. However, with much effort I have tried to avoid relying on the rich, tried and tested commonsensical wisdom of folk psychology and everyman’s sociology for explanations, but even so, it was impossible not to succumb to its irresistible force. However, my training as a scientist always brought me back to the hypothesis that this state of affairs of machination and mafianization could be scientifically explained. To recap: Machination and mafianization involves the criminal self-enrichment by politicians and their cronies by means of theft, fraud, looting, pillaging and plundering. The processes of criminal machination which gives rise to the mafianization of the totality of life in a nation-state is inevitably facilitated by the general functional and instrumental incompetence of state institutions, and the short sightedness of bureaucrats and officials, and the monumental overweening stupidity of all concerned, and the complete absence of moral sensibilities or any sense of civic virtue. Mafianization is aided and abetted by a fiendish-malevolent circumvention of judicial checks and balances. Ultimately, mafianization can be scientifically explained in terms of evolutionary psychology and sociobiology, and consequently treated as socially maladapted pathologies. And ‘so it goes’, to borrow the words a dystopic writer. Lawlessness and impunity happens to be rife among the political elite of the world. The comic book has magically become reality. 
9.
For Millicent whites had been forced into a zero sum game because of their so-called white complicity and so-called white privilege. She also conceded that whites had been recipients of all kinds of benefits because of apartheid. And her response to this was: ‘What the fuck must be we do? We cannot undo the past. If the whites were forced to pay a restorative-justice tax all that money will be stolen by the ruling political elite, and nothing will go to the victims of apartheid.’ It was indeed a zero sum game for the victims of apartheid: Whatever the ruling political elite gained from the whites in the form of financial reparations would be never be of any benefit to the real victims of apartheid. There will never be any recompense for the victims of apartheid, they will be forever be victims unless they can shake of the chains of their victimhood and reclaim their lives from the rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie.  
10.
The Neoliberal dystopian heterochronotopia: How do I really see the world, what is the nature of reality as I perceive it, Millicent? I see the world as broken. I see South Africa as a broken country.  A country which can never be repaired. It will remain forever broken. We have often spoken about this, how many times? Countless times. The country is going down to the drain. It was always going down the drain. I know this. I have in fact grown up with this reality. I see the signs of brokenness everywhere. I see the collapsing infrastructure. I see the lawlessness. I see the incompetence everywhere. I see the rot, the decay, the degradation, the venality. I see the stagnant skies. I see worker precariousness. I see scarcity of employment opportunities, there are more people than there are jobs. I see de-industrialization. I see pauperized populations that will never escape from the prison of poverty. I see humans trapped in a state of hopelessness. I see surplus people who are only needed for their votes and for nothing else. I see surplus people who have no power even though they have the vote, for them personally their vote is worthless, they should not waste their time voting. It will end up being an exercise in futility. I see surplus people because they are not needed because they have been rendered useless. I see redundant people living under conditions of deprivation and squalor. I see surplus people who have become superfluous because they have no skills. I see surplus people who because of their sheer numbers they have been rendered worthless and redundant and superfluous. They do not embody any kind of ‘monetizable use value’ in the skill of their hands or in the knowledge of heads or in their bodies, because they are bereft of value creating skills. What is this the cause of this? Where does the fault lay? Who can be blamed? I see economic systems, and the corresponding political systems, in other words political economies built on the principles of Neoliberalism. Founded on the myth of free market economics. What kind of reality does this embody, Millicent? What is the true nature of Neoliberal political economies, Millicent? For one thing, they do not have built-in economic feedback mechanisms to prevent market collapse. They do not have built-in mechanisms to create the right conditions for sustainable employment. Market forces are a myth. The free market is a myth. Market failures do not punish those who created the conditions that resulted in economic bubbles and market collapse. The world’s political and the 1% superrich do not bear the brunt of or the burden of punishment for the financial and market failures which have been caused by their financial machinations to create wealth without working. The political economies of capitalism in the USA and the West are now based on outsourcing and offshoring of manufacturing to low wage countries to the detriment and impoverishment of their own citizens. The Neoliberal political economies of trade liberalization usually results in localized disinvestment, asset stripping and closures of local factories. In Western Countries post-industrial trade liberalization also results in further de-industrialization which is accompanied by an increasing financialization of the economy, and also a decoupling of the equities, stock and securities exchange markets of the world from what is viewed as the real economy in nation states.  Neoliberal trade liberalization results not only in the destruction of formal employment but also results in rising inequality. It is now well established that off-shoring of manufacturing triggers de-industrialization, unemployment and raising inequality. The expectation that with trade liberalization and globalization there will follow a consequential shifting of labour from manufacturing to the service industry, but this too has failed to happen. Black economic empowerment and affirmation action are also a form of compradorial rent-seeking which in South Africa has been legislatively enforced  resulting in the entrenchment of  entitlements which primarily benefits a small class of elites and which in turn also results in a chain of perverse consequences such as de-industrialization, increasing unemployment, raising inequality, destruction of human capital and capacity, migration of skills, off-shore relocation of manufacturing capacity and investment. Compradorial rent-seeking has placed the country in an economic death spiral. Rent-seeking has dystopian consequences.



Chapter Thirty

1.
Driving to work on the M1 North listening to Canned Heat - On the road again. ‘… Don’t you cry no more…’ It is Friday the 20th of March 2020, at 7.30 am the Head of School (HOS) called me on my cell phone. She said that wanted us to meet in her office at 9.00 am to discuss the matter between Gazala and myself. Following Gazala consent I had emailed the HOS a letter disclosing that Millicent and I were getting divorced and that Gazala and I were in a romantic relationship. I explained that there was no link between the divorce and my relationship with Gazala. She listened stony- faced to my story. Her response was terse. She was not interested in the details of my personal life, the only matter which concerned her from a University Policy standpoint were issues revolving around potential conflicts of interest which could arise between a supervisor and a postdoctoral  candidate. My relationship with Gazala was now ‘official’ in a manner of speaking and this was a relief. The voices of my father and mother had spoken to me from their graves: ‘Always do the right thing’. By officially informing the University I had done the right thing! When I got back to my office I emailed Gazala. ‘Let’s go have coffee.’ With regard to the rest of the lab my relationship with Gazala was still under wraps. I waited for her at the lift. Once in the lift I told her: ‘We have the Universities blessing.’ She gave me a quizzical look. ‘I don’t understand’. ‘I had to disclose our relationship to University.’ ‘Why?’ She asked. 
2.
On the evening of Monday the 23rd of March 2020 at 7.30 pm on all SA news channels, the president made the announcement that due the rising level of infections due to the coronavirus known as SARS-CoV-2, which causes the disease referred to as COVID-19, had necessitated the national imposition by the government of a 21 day lockdown starting at mid-night on Thursday the 26th of March, meaning that from Friday the 27th of March no one was to leave their homes except to purchase groceries and other necessities such as medication or to visit a medical practitioner. Also on the 23rd of March the US Federal Reserve announced that it will do everything necessary to address the global shortage of dollars, which meant it will print more fait currency, which meant an open-ended quantitative easing to shore up the sinking US economy in the face of the Covid-19 pandemic threat. What happens if this flood of money cannot buy anything?  At 9.00 am Tuesday morning I called a meeting with my postgraduates and postdocs. In attendance: Gazala Ramdani, Bathsheba Emanuel, Wendy Shi Chen, Aarifa Hamadani and Mahmud Al-Jazari. Agenda: Dealing with lockdown. The university would be closing the residences for the duration of lockdown. I informed them that they were welcomed to stay at my home. I told them there were four spare bedrooms, the guest room and the bedrooms of Veronica, Vera and Verona.  I added that two of the females would have to share a room and it was up to them to decide who would share. They could decide who would share by drawing numbers from a hat. Later that day Gazala who had taken on the task of being the spokesperson came to my office to inform me that Bathsheba and Aarifa who were born again charismatic Christians had decided that they would share a room. ‘Well why don’t you move in tonight?’ I asked. ‘Well the others don’t know about us. I feel awkward about the situation, I know it sounds silly, but what are we going to do?’ She said. ‘We don’t have to do anything. You don’t have to move in tonight, everyone can move in together on Thursday,’ I replied. ‘Maybe you should inform everyone,’ she said. ‘Should I email them?’ ‘Maybe that will be the easiest,’ she agreed. I immediately emailed everyone: 
‘Subject: Confidential Notification. Dear everyone, this is to let know that Millicent and I are getting divorced. We are still on very friendly terms. She has decided to immigrate to Canada and I have decided to stay in South Africa. This is the only reason for our divorce. I have also informed the University that Gazala and I are in a relationship. This has no bearing on my divorce. Our relationship developed only after Millicent and I agreed on the divorce.  Kind regards, Josh.’ I read the email to Gazala. After I sent the email Gazala changed her mind ‘Maybe it would be good idea if I move in tonight,’ she said. ‘Well it is up to you,’ I replied. 
3.
Dear reader I have chosen to remain on the deck of a sinking ship. I write this as I listen to George McCrae - Rock Your Baby (1974). Why? It is because I am in love with Gazala. Nothing else matters. Why? It is because I am dying. Love and dying has been my life script. My dying began with Kamilla, she quicken the murmuring of my heart towards my death, my love for her hastened my death, being in love and in a state of dying has been my life script. I loved and still love Millicent. Kamilla is someone I could never stop loving. And I also loved Alžběta. And Sorina? To be honest, that one day encounter has haunted me for my entire life. She still visits me in my dreams. I think about her often, I wonder about her fate. Manners Mansions in Jeppe Street overflows with an abundance of secrets. What about Carol? What about Cassandra and Scarlett? I felt vulnerable in their presence. Lust for their flesh would have blossomed into the rankness of a futile and impossible love. In retrospect, now that I am old and have a broader perspective on life, I sometimes regret not spending that night with Sorina, losing my virginity to a hooker instead of making it an offering to Millicent. But then again, maybe in the big scheme of things, in the matters of heaven, I was meant for Millicent, I was meant to become a Jew, I was meant to live the life that I have so far lived. Well that is what I want to believe. I have to believe it if I believe in a providential G-d. Dear reader I have never stopped praying, every day I have called on the name of Hashem. And everyone who calls on the name of Hashem will be saved.' So, what does it mean to call upon the name of Hashem? To call upon the name of Hashem is to acknowledge all the deficiencies and failures and contradictions and conflicts and fallibilities which are intrinsic to one’s humanity. Wretched being that I am, I have still tried to be a pious Jew, I should know. I know this sounds paradoxical. Hashem is the Hebrew word which pious Jews are encouraged to use rather than yod-hey-vav-hey (יהוה– YHVH). But now in my wretchedness I am in love with Gazala, without Gazala I will surely die, I would not be able to live a single day without her. How many women can one love in a life time? I have loved many women but I have only known Millicent in the Biblical sense. Am I drunk in admitting this? I never imaged that Millicent and I would end up parting, going our separate ways. I always looked up to my mom and dad as role models when it came to marriage and love and commitment. While we were in Canada we debated the future of South Africa ad infinitum. Millicent said: ‘An apocalypse does not happen in a vacuum.’ And I replied: ‘The rising dystopian tide threatening the Global South, especially in sub-Saharan Africa was the inevitable consequence of brazen state capture.’ It was a repetition of the same of old post-colonial story. The fulfilment of the white man’s prophecy. The rising of the nativist nationalist class was always represented by a predatory political elite, just as Fanon warned. The same litany of disaster played out ad infinitum, the same score, the same tune. The beat goes on and on, relentlessly, inexorably, an inevitable and predictable replaying, a repetition of the same, always the big man, the struggle icon, the struggle hero, the revolutionary, the leader, the leadership, the structures, the cadre, the comrades, the deployees, the blue light brigade, the flashy life styles, the polished Gucci shoes and shiny Dolce & Gabbana suits, the golden Rolex watches, the glimmering SUVs, and the plush Mercs. Playing to script, playing faithfully the role of the man of the people. They never disappointed expectations. As an elite, the ruling class of nationalists, liked to parade like peacocks in the convenient guises of the heroic liberators, freedom fighters, struggle icons, the big man, the beloved leader, and the revolutionary. But in reality they were busy stealing the hopes of the oppressed masses. In reality they were nothing more than members of the slimy rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie. The nationalists were and will always be obsessed with state power for the sake of personal self-enrichment. In reality this can only mean one thing: ‘Fuck the People!’ The accumulation of wealth is what makes them tick. They are driven by self-enrichment. They are addicted to money. State power, state power, state power, was the mesmerizing mantra flowing incessantly from the lips of the nationalists. From every podium the words ‘state power’ rolled all the time from the lips of the big man, the struggle icon, the struggle hero. ‘…mother should I trust the government…’  State power was the prize. The capture of the state, the capture of the commanding heights, the capture of the levers of state power always without exception paved the way for the rampant free-for-all plundering and looting of state resources, the treasury, natural resources, tax-payers money and everything else which could be flogged for money. ‘...hush my baby…’  I feel angry, I feel desperate, and I feel helpless. Everything is collapsing.
4.
The sheer scale of corruption in the Global South, the theatre of decolonization, begged an explanation. How could this have happened? Why did it happen? Was it inevitable? To the average South African it was a matter of great concern. It was worrying. The feeling of anxiety among citizens in the Global South, and especially in South Africa, with regard to their general well-being and security, was acerbated by their state of powerlessness, and lack of real agency with respect to having control over their lives. Corruption, malfeasance, theft and the ransacking of state enterprises by cadre deployees seem to be par for the course. It was built into the script of the big man, the leadership, the structures, the struggle hero, the icon, the hero, the revolutionary, the comrades, the deployees, the cadres. Self-enrichment by a political elite and their cronies following the so-called liberation from colonial oppression represented nothing less than the inevitable and inexorable and irrevocable formulaic betrayal of the masses. Why ‘formulaic’? Why inevitable? Why inexorable? It was because post-liberation development always followed the same unchanging and predictable pattern, a pattern of predatory self-enrichment through theft, fraud, looting, pillage and plunder of any resource or opportunity or position which had monetizable value and of course the wealth would never be redistributed, instead the stolen money would be transferred into some offshore bank accounts, thereby contributing to the inevitable post-liberation impoverishment of the decolonized country. This form of theft and pillage by the indigenous ruling political elite and their cronies through the intermediary process of monetization of resources whether it be a forest or a mineral in the ground or a wild animal in a nature reserve or the fish in sea, all natural resources represented opportunities for rent collection. Offshore financial transfers of rents was real post-colonial economy following ‘liberation’ and ‘de-colonization’. Comprador rent collection was the only economy which mattered to the nationalist leaders. In the Global South this economic state of affairs has always occurred like a law-like regulatory, like a uniformity of nature, it was the iron economic law of decolonization. Comprador rentier capitalism, Fanon’s nightmare, was the only post-colonial game in town. And at every opportunity, at every forum or gathering, whether it be the African Union, the United Nations, the political elites expressed the constant formulaic refrain, their business was to serve the people, their mission was the upliftment of the impoverished masses, often warmly referred as ‘our people’.  I am not ashamed to admit that I am a great admirer of Plato, including Plato’s Republic. And I have a high regard for Marx. As day follows night, plainly visible in the Lagos of Nigeria, in the Luanda of Angola, in the Harare of Zimbabwe, in the Maputo of Mozambique and in the Johannesburg of South Africa, the recurrent social, economic and political epiphenomena of disintegration and collapse play out. Everywhere the coming collapse is evident in a myriad of seemingly superficial urbanscape manifestations, but they are symptomatic marks of a much deeper malaise, a rot, a cancer, an infectious contagion. What is ultimately responsible for this pervasive creeping dystopian malaise in the Global South of this world?  Elvis Presley - Suspicious Minds Live in Las Vegas
5.
An apocalypse does not happen in a vacuum nor does the emergence of a dystopia. This is what Millicent said. Both happen in the ripeness of their own time. The opportune moment. The time of eating. That time has arrived. The portents of its nascency, its nativity, the event presaging its birth are evident everywhere in the form of various nightmarish spectres emerging from the gathering gloom. A multitude of these spectres haunts the Global South. ‘Call us legion for we are many!’ And it is not the spectre of the proletariat or even the lumpenproletariat. The agents of the apocalyptic or dystopian spectres both include and exceed the catastrophic horrors of the four apocalyptic horsemen which were named conquest, war, famine and death. The apocalyptic tsunami the world faces includes conquest, war, pandemics, population explosions, famine, climate change, environmental collapse, mass unemployment, de-industrialization, mafianization of the state and economic collapse. The conditions which make an apocalypse favourable are the same conditions which make a revolution possible. But before we can elaborate on the apocalyptic versus revolution binary the role or non-role of the proletariat as the spectre of either the apocalypse or revolution needs be given some attention. So here we go! Off to the Wild West Show, which will end up being the greatest show on earth, the apocalypse versus social revolution. You may wonder where Hegel’s story fits into all of this. While I am writing the world is undergoing a Hegelian renaissance. Hegel is once more become fashionable, possibly more fashionable than ever before.



Chapter Thirty One

1.
Technically the proletariat have been traditionally conceived as a very specific social class. From time immemorial the proletariat have been the class of wage-earners or wage-labourers. In other words, they have been the social class who live and reproduce themselves as a social class by selling their labour power or their capacity to work for a wage or a salary. By virtue of exerting their labour power or their capacity to work they operate or set in motion the means of production for the creation of commodities which embody both use values and exchange values. To give substance to the spectre of the gathering apocalyptic gloom it is necessary to summarized all the elements, factors and relationships involved in the reproduction of the social life of humans in modern societies. In this regard, modes of production are what sustain the reproduction of human social life. Modes of production can exist in multiple forms. A mode of production embodies or comprises everything which is necessary for the production of all life sustaining necessities which are required for the reproduction or maintenance or perpetuation of a given social formation. A mode of production also defines the various modes of life or the ways of life or the kinds of life of individuals experience when existing within a given social formation corresponding to that mode of production. Modes of life or ways life or kinds of life which individuals live as individuals are social class specific. As social animals, all human live within social formation or societies. A social formation or society embodies a given form of sociality or predominating form of sociality. Historically there has always existed a continuum of different possible forms or varieties of human sociality ranging from egalitarianism to a wide range of different forms or systems of social stratification or hierarchies of social dominance. This means that along a continuum of different forms of sociality there also exists a corresponding continuum of different degrees of inequality between individuals. Also along a continuum, different modes of life also represent different ways-of-being-in-the-world. And also along a continuum, different modes of life also represent different ways-of-being-with-others. One of way of being-with-others is the employer-employee relationship. This is an example of a relationship characterized by inequality. This relationship is ubiquitous under both capitalism and socialism. Under socialism the state is vested with all the powers of a employer. Under socialism all state owned enterprises are managed by managers who act as employers on behalf of the state. The employee under socialism working in state owned enterprise for a wage is a wage-labourer possessing no meaningful social agency with regard to remuneration or working conditions or life prospects.
2.
Bearing in mind the idea of a continuum of different forms of sociality we can now unpack the concept of the thing called a mode of production, recognizing its importance or significance with respect to its being a determinative influence or factor for any individual with regard to the different ways-of-being-in-the-world-with-others. A mode of production broadly means the way of producing the necessities for sustaining and reproducing the lives of individuals and also the entire social formation within which the individuals as individual are inescapably bound-up. Any mode of production whatsoever can be conceptually broken into the following two interrelated components: the forces of production and the relations of production. The productive forces can be broken down into the following two components: human labour power and means of production. The means of production includes anything and everything, apart from labour power, that is necessary for the production of commodities which is embodies both use values and exchange values. The relations of production revolves round who controls and who owns the means of production. The relations of production include the power and controlling relationships between employer and employee. What are the power-relation differences and similarities if any between capitalism and socialism? A social status distinction between employer/employee in terms of the existence of a hierarchy of social domination occurs under both capitalist and socialist modes of production. As a consequence of this an asymmetric or unequal power relationship exists between employer and employee under both capitalism and socialism. In reality under both capitalism and socialism the employee works as a wage-labourer. Under both capitalism and socialism the employee is engaged in commodity production, which always involves the manufacturing of products that embody both use and exchange values. Under both economic system surplus value in extracted from the wage labourer. Under both capitalism and socialism the employee has very little social agency as a cog in the machine of production.  In reality, irrespective of whether it is work under capitalist or socialist conditions, working for a wage remains the organizing principle of social life. Furthermore, under both capitalism and socialism what the worker actually does for a living plays a significant role in defining and giving meaning to his or her life. Which means life can be a meaningless grind for the worker under both capitalism and socialism. Labour morality which boils down to justifying sacrificially working for the benefit of an anonymous someone else remains a problematic motivational issue under both capitalism and socialism. Under capitalism’s free and unregulated labour market the worker is coerced to work for the going wage rate in order to survive. Without a job under capitalism the worker lands up barely existing in a hopeless, homeless and dismal dystopian world of living death. Under socialism the propaganda of a socialist mythology is used to encourage labour morality in an otherwise bleak desperate, and dystopian world of living hell on earth. The difference in this instance between capitalism and socialism, is that capitalism is amoral to immoral with regard to the world of work, whereas quite ironically and paradoxically socialism is committed to a moralist stance when it comes to the world of work. In the Soviet Union and the Eastern European Communist Block the contempt for the personal hopes, dreams, ambitions and interest of workers by the ruling political elite was disguised by resorting to the myth that the public ownership of the means of production gave every worker an equal stake and share in the GDP. This was a complete falsehood since the rewarding of the personal and private interests of workers were never identical with that of the ruling political elite or the so-called bureaucratic classes. The socialist myth included the belief that the worker was the owner of the product of her own labour and was therefore toiling for herself. However, the worker did not possess the power of social agency to dispose of the product of her labour as she wished nor could she engage with her manager or employer regarding the nature of the production process or the products of production or her working conditions or her wages. 
3.
Within all existing social formations, whether it be capitalist or socialist, social stratification or the hierarchicalization of society remains an unchanging constant with regard to the unequal distribution of goods, privilege, power and influence. Consequently, social rank within a hierarchy of social domination, whether it be under capitalism or socialism, ultimately defines a person’s social status and life-prospects, especially with respect to power, social agency, personal autonomy, sovereignty over one’s body, and individual control as an individual over one’s own life. 
4.
Under capitalism and socialism the world of possibilities for the individual is fully circumscribed, rigidly and inflexibly laid out, pre-planned in every detail, in terms of a totalitarian regime of predeterminations, predefinitions, prescriptions, preconditions, and prerequisites. 
5.
Into this totalitarian regime of determinativeness difference necessarily inserts itself in the form of the self-selected and self-appointed representative agents who decide everything on behalf of the represented. The representatives function as the ‘predeterminators’, prescribers, ‘predefiners’, preconditioners, and so on and so forth. Inequality and social stratification and hierarchies of social domination arise as a consequence of differentiation between the representatives and the represented, and between the employers and the employed, and between the vanguard and the masses. The vanguard acts as the self-selected and self-appointed active representative agents and controllers and governors and rulers and leaders of the passive, complaint, powerless represented masses.
6.
Operational dynamics underlying the process of self-selection and self-appointment revolves round the conflictual, adversarial and calculative machinations of contestation over and competition for the levers of power, or control of the state apparatus, in other words. This always involves a narcissistic, psychopathic and sociopathic driven king-of-the-castle-scramble and winner-takes-all-process between competing self-centred and self-aggrandizing individuals. The end result is the imposition of differences and differentiation by means of mafianization. Mafianization is also dependent of hegemonic processes. It derives its ideological legitimization through the inculcation of unquestionable and unfalsifiable beliefs based on justifying mythologies. 
7.
In Althusserian language machination and mafianization represents the materialization of its ideology. In other words, through the process of machination, mafianization become materialized or concretized as a specific social formation based on the following: a prevailing mode of governance and control, a prevailing mode of production, a prevailing mode of existence and a prevailing mode of life. The word ‘mode’ functions as an interesting signifier or referent when applied in this context. Used in the above context it not only invokes the following usual meanings: manner, way, means, methods, methodology, approach, procedure, process, system, practice, routine, form, technique, trend, fashion, style, convention, custom, craze, discipline, tradition, vogue and so on, but also as a word it has linkages to a wider range of meanings, in which it invokes the following concepts or notions or ideas: manner of doing, manner of acting,  manner of being, technology, physics, engineering or even grammar. The important concepts here include those that embody the ideas of technology, engineering and physics. A mode of production or life or existence is something, a state of affairs, which is engineered through the purposeful application of technologies and physics towards the realization of multitudinous ends, ends which are appropriate to the mode in mind, including the hegemonic materialization of a specific kinds of social formations. The word ‘mind’ is used here in two senses. The mode in mind could refer to the various modes of production, mode of life and mode of existence from a generalized taxonomic or generic perspective based on qualifying predicates which includes words such a fair, equality, just, freedom, autonomy, and so on. But it could also refers to the ‘what’ a mind holds with regard to the essential nature or reality of a mode of production or mode of life or mode of existence and ultimately what it holds with regard to the essential nature of the social formation corresponding to a given mode of production, life and existence. In the latter context what the mind holds is an ideological or metaphysical based utopian vision regarding how all these various modes should be constituted. In other words the mind imagines an ideal state of affairs as something to be realized, something to become transformed into reality. To be realized means to be engineered through the purposeful application of technologies. Here we come to the question of the relevance of a Heideggerian critique of technology. But I am not going pursue the Heideggerian critique of technology. Instead I am going to pose the critical question, which can also be construed as a Hegelian question. The question is: Whose mind? Whose imagination? Whose ideal? Is it the mind or imagination or ideal of the king, chief, president, prime minister, boss, great leader, supreme leader, party leader, party secretary, politburo, central committee, central executive, cabinet and so on?  Somehow the word ‘revolution’ has to creep in. 
8. 
Out of the jungle of conflictual, adversarial and calculative machinations the contestants who eventually emerge from the power contest as the winners win on the basis of their capacity to dispense patronage. Ultimately all political contests are won or lost by virtue of the capacity to bestow or dispense patronage. This is the essential nature of vanguardism and democratic centralism, they are based on systems of patronage. The existence of the institution of the state as the centre, vehicle, apparatus, organization and instrument of power will always exist as something to be fought over by politically ambitious individuals. In this sense the state is an individualizing institution in which power becomes personalized, individualized and institutionalized in the body of the king, chief, president, politburo, prime minister, supreme leader, big brother, great leader, or number one.
9.
The social and political reality of employees or wage-labourers: The proletariat in all its abstract universality have no ultimate or real control or power or agency over their lives. As wage-labourers under capitalism or socialism they are subjected to similar employer/employee power relationships. Which means that the employees exercise no real power of ownership over the means of production, which also means that they have no real control over the means of productions nor do they have any say regarding what should be produced nor do they have say over the distribution of the products. Under socialism labour relations between employer and employer are rigidly regimented under a highly hierarchicalized system of management and administration and chain of command with the worker being at the bottom, powerless and passive. Welcome to the socialist dystopian heterochronotopia. Some are more equal than others.
10.
Dystopian realities - surplus workers, fewer jobs and de-industrialization: Also as a consequence of de-industrialization in many parts of the world the proletariat are becoming jobless, thereby joining the swelling ranks of the lumpenproletariat. Their numbers exceed the number of available jobs in all sectors. There are too many people on the planet and too few jobs. There is an excess of humanity on the planet. Human life has become cheap, disposable and valueless. Think of the Global South. Furthermore, the proletariat as a class are becoming extinct in many parts of the world, chiefly in countries where there is no prospect for any industrialization or manufacturing or scientific or technological revolution. The nature of work is rapidly changing in the world. The nature of labour-power is changing. Labour-power in the form mental-power for mental-work or knowledge-based labour or technological know-how based labour will replace labour in the form raw muscle power or labour in the form of the skilful dexterity of hands. Brain-power rather than muscle-power is increasing becoming the main forms of wage-labour or labour-power. As a consequence of computerization, artificial intelligence, robotics and mechanization work and employment will be available only for highly skilled and technically specialized forms of labour-power. The opportunities for work are shrinking. Humans are becoming increasingly obsolete. Value creating forms of the labour power of the proletariat does not exist in the Global South. To repeat: power to create value no longer resides in the muscles, it resides instead in the ‘connectome’, in the wiring of the human brain. It is now the work of the brain or mind which creates value rather than physical exertion, it is mental exertion which generates surplus value and profits. Machines and robotics have replaced the value creating dexterity of the human hand. Robotics can be engineered to do the routine work of human hands. These are the consequences of the fourth industrial revolution.
11.
What about the fourth industrial revolution and the ‘connectome’ in the Global South? The resource curse which plagues third world countries may in fact hinder the fourth industrial revolution from taking place in those countries which are blessed with natural sources. Resource rich countries under the control of the rent-seeking compradorial class may have no use or motivation for the developing the ‘connectome’ in its unemployable masses. To date, for a variety of reasons it has not been developed nor has it been a priority mainly because the comprador bourgeoisie can extract rents from the mineral resources of the decolonized country.
12.
The rising spectre in the resource rich decolonized country is the Zombie State which devours its own children. Bob Dylan - Like a Rolling Stone. ‘…how does it feel…?’ A malaise holds the Global South in the grip of its medusoid tentacles. A malaise which has penetrated deeper, much deeper, than the superficial gaze and gut reaction opinions of the commentariat, or the self-appointed public intellectuals, politicians, academics, journalists or student leaders. With regard to the rise of the Zombie State, it has always been case that few in the intellectual Left would have the courage to conceptualize or grasp or even imagine the nature of its aetiology. As far as the Global South goes, it has been the case of the blind leading the blind. What was plainly visible has been the rapid rise of monster cities, crowded islands floating in a black ocean of infinite and incurable poverty. Think of Argentina, Brazil, Columbia, Mexico, Nigeria, Sudan and Venezuela, and so on so forth. 
13.
The twin daemons from the underworld – over-population and imploding economies: Demonic incarnations of the hideously diseased and deformed Siamese twins, co-joined angels from hell, and heralds of the coming apocalypse had already taken possession of the many nation states in the Global South. Nothing could exorcise them. Exploding population growth and imploding economies or economies which have sunk into the bottomless swampland of stagnation marked the beginning of the dystopian epoch. Cities of despair rose up like poison mushrooms everywhere. Infinitely more horrifying and interminably more hopeless than the Dickensian images of 19th century London and Manchester. A malaise had taken grip, a contagion which was emblematic, or to put it more strongly, in Socratean terms, a malaise which could be seen as a paradigmatic case of a miserable and hopeless condition which arises from the non-existence of the Republic of Discourse. With regard to the Republic of Discourse, the life and vitality of the Agora does not exist in the decolonized Global South. And during the year of 2019 we monitored the deteriorating situation in South Africa and the rest of Southern Africa. Dooms day seemed to be rising like a bad moon on the horizon. But we had been proactive, planning for the worst case scenario. It seemed like South Africa was going to be a repeat of Zimbabwe, Angola, Zambia, Mozambique, Congo, Sudan and Somalia. Africa was living up to its reputation. It had always been Millicent’s policy to hope for the best but plan for the worst. In her words: ‘South Africa was undergoing a race to the bottom.’ I clung in hope to the Global South, but Millicent had no intention to risk everything on the future of the Global South, especially South Africa. The Doors, The End. Eleven minutes and forty five seconds long on YouTube. Dear Millicent ‘…I will never look into your eyes again…’ As I said I was supervising a post-doctoral candidate from North Sudan, Mahmud Al-Jazari. It was through Mahmud’s contacts that we were able to make our own satellite signal encoder and decoder, as a dooms day electronic satellite communicating device, with the help and ingenuity of some Somali Islamic terrorists hiding out in South Africa. They had already set up their own Jihadist communication systems in South Africa and Mozambique. This is the end. Northern Mozambique had fallen into the hands of the Jihadists. The territory was under their control. It was also through Mahmud’s Somali contacts that I managed purchase the two AK 47s fitted with silencers, four Glock pistols with silencers, loads of ammunition, night vision googles and night binoculars from the Somali terrorists holed up in Mayfair.
14.
Playing: Cher – If I could turn back time. ‘A better life for all.’ Until now this used to be the popular catchphrase on the lips of all South African politicians. Ever since the Palaeolithic or Stone Age the concrete-practical realization of anything which has turned out to be beneficial towards the well-being of humankind has been made possible through the skilful application of ‘know-how’. Without having ‘know-how’ nothing can be achieved. It seems that evolution had hardwired ‘Man’ or Homo sapiens to adapt to all possible eventualities by mean of know-how. Humankind can be classified as the know-how ape. Well it is pretty obvious that a better life for all cannot be achieved without having considerable know-how. Now twenty five years later a whole generation of ‘born-frees’ have waited in vain for the materialization of the promised better life for all. Now today, in 2020 no one can remember how bad apartheid was. It is the same with the post-1989 generations who had grown up in what used to be the Soviet Union or the Eastern Block or the countries enclosed by the Iron Curtain. No one can remember how bad communism was. It is also the same with the post-1980 generations of Zimbabweans. No one can remember how bad Rhodesia was. No living person can remember, or testify from remembrance of past experiences, just how bad the past was in South Africa or Rhodesia or Russia. So now through the prism of cynicism and disillusionment a new hindsight has dawned on the majority, all agree that things were much better then compared to the present state of affairs. Each generation becomes increasingly inclined to believe that their present situation is a thousand times worse than their previous life under the rule of those past regimes. The survivors from the post now ruefully reminisce on just how good the bad old days were. There was electricity, food, shelter, transport, water and work for all. Yes it may have been bad then, but it was never as bad as this. And to quote Kurt Vonnegut: ‘And so it goes.’ Especially for those who remember the unintended consequences flowing directly the ill-fated removal of Muammar Mohammed Abu Minyar Gadhafi, Saddam Hussein, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and Bashar Hafez al-Assad. Today we live in a different world. Who knows, tomorrow many countries may have ceased to exist. We can imagine the Middle East no longer existing as it once used to be. The same goes for Africa and especially North Africa. What about Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan, they too could ceased to exist as countries. In fact a majority of the world’s countries that used to be members of what was known as the United Nations could in the future exist only as names on the old atlases of the world, having relinquished their status as nation-states. The future could become unimaginably different. The world could become a lot simpler than it is now. Israel could become one of the major world powers. It recoup all the territories which originally belonged to the Biblical twelve tribes of Israel. Maybe neither the Palestinians nor Palestine will exist in the future, who knows? Many countries which now exist may in the fullness of time vanish completely, erased forever from the face of the earth. A new cartography will emerge. Maybe in the future there will be no globalized world order or any prevailing centres of power. Which countries will remain extant and functioning as viable nation-states? Maybe only a few, such as the US, Canada, Britain, Ireland, Europe, the Nordic countries, India, Thailand, Vietnam, South Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Uganda, Kenya, Ethiopia, Ghana, Nigeria and much of South America. Why will they persist while all the other countries will simply vanish? Maybe it will be because they have the institutional and cultural capacity to adapt to new realities. Maybe they alone possess the collective mind and will to undergo the necessary radical and revolutionary social-economic-political transformations. Maybe they alone will emerge as strongly secular social democracies. The rest of the world could quite easily fall under the rule of warlords and nature. What about South Africa? Well South Africa could become one of those emblematic, paradigmatic and exemplary cases of a country which vanishes from the future world and from history. Could this happen? Read on my dear friend.



Chapter Thirty Two

1.
The Doors - L.A. Woman (1971), music from my cell phone playlist, now playing via Bluetooth on the car speakers. Gazala: ‘You really listen to such strange music. It is totally out of character.’ ‘I don’t understand what you mean by that,’ I reply. ‘It so retro, no one listens to the Doors anymore? It belongs to another time, another age, it completely incongruous.’ She answers. From the car speakers: ‘…never seen a woman so alone…’ ‘Incongruous?’ I ask. ‘Yes incongruous, you are so weird,’ she insists. The next cut which came on was: Riders on the Storm, released in 1971, forty nine years ago. I started listening to The Doors in 1980 as a teenager, and I had never grown tired of Jim Morrison, this music has been part of my life, and my mom also complained that it was not healthy to listen to Jim Morrison. Reader if you need to know, I smooched and petted Kamilla to the music of The Doors. Kamilla still fills my head when I listen to the Doors. Some things never leave you for as long as you live. ‘…Ride the snake…’ Kamilla used to mouth these words, including ‘…the West is the best…’ Gazala gazed at the passing scenes as we took the slipway off the double decker flyover connecting with the M1 South through the Crown Interchange. She had never been to the south of Johannesburg. On weekends she took the Wits bus to the Rosebank Mall to do her shopping. Sometimes from Rosebank she caught the Gautrain to Sandton City. This was the extent of her traveling in Jo’burg ever since she joined my lab. As we approached the Booysens Road off-ramp on the left I drew her attention to the Gold Reef City Casino and Theme Park coming up on the right side of the freeway. I pointed out the steel headgear above the vertical shaft. The goldmine known as shaft 14 was one the mine shafts which belonged to the original Crown Mines mining company. The shaft was sunk in 1897 and closed in 1971. It had been in production for 84 years. Gazala took all this in, but it meant nothing to her. ‘Where does the highway (M1 South) go?’ She asked. ‘It depends on which fork or slipway or off-ramp you take.’ I answered. As we passed the Xavier off-ramp to Robertsham and Ormonde I replied: ‘We are now on the M1 South. If you take the R553 slipway coming up on the left just before Southgate Mall it will take you to the Golden Highway which goes all the way Bloemfontein and to Cape Town. If you stay on the M1 South you will end up in Vereeniging which is a city on the banks of the Vaal River which forms the border between Gauteng and the Free State.’ ‘Vereeniging? What a strange name!’ She replied. ‘Vereeniging is the Dutch or Afrikaans word for union or association, the V of Vereeniging appears in the acronym PWV which stands for the Pretoria-Witwatersrand-Vereeniging industrial conurbation or complex,’ I explained. ‘Vereeniging started off as a coal mining town in 1892 and after the Second Anglo-Boer War the British and the Boer leaders signed a peace treaty which was called the Treaty of Vereeniging.’ ‘The Treaty of Union in other words,’ she joked. ‘Well the word ‘Union’ did crop up, after the Anglo-Boer in 1910. The Cape Colony, the Natal Colony, Transvaal Colony and the Orange Free State Colony were all amalgamated or united into a Union, in other words into one country which became the Union of South Africa, and like Canada and Australia, the Union of South Africa became a self-governing dominion of the British Empire. Unfortunately, in the end due to white stupidity and short-sightedness, in a narrowly contested referendum it was decided to transform the country from a Union into a Republic. Under the apartheid Nationalist Party government a constitutional act was repealed ending the country’s dominion status and the Republic of South Africa was born in 1961, effectively breaking the country’s social and cultural bonds with the Commonwealth of Britain.’ ‘So it was a bad decision?’ She asked. ‘Yes it was.’ I replied. ‘And now the rest is history?’ She added. ‘Yeah that is so, I don’t need to tell you what happened next,’ I answered. ‘What happened next was the preordained but unforeseeable and unintended consequences of a voting yes in a historical referendum,’ she added ironically. ‘Well that is history for you, nothing which ever happens was intended to happen,’ I confirmed. ‘Be careful for what you wish for,’ was her reply. ‘So there we go, off to the Wild West Show, I have just had another interesting history lesson from you,’ she laughed. ‘History is always a story with a bad ending.’ ‘You such a cynic,’ she responded. Taking the right fork towards Southgate Mall, and taking the left slipway at Southgate we turned onto Columbine Avenue proceeding eastwards downhill into the bottom of the dip of Mondeor valley where several streams converged, coalescing into a single river called the Bloubosspruit which flowed southwards through a deep valley between two high rocky ridges. The water which flows off the southern side of the great Witwatersrand Escarpment flows via coalescing streams and rivers into the Atlantic Ocean. Water which flows off the northern aspect to the Witwatersrand Escarpment flows via coalescing streams and rivers into the Indian Ocean. South Africa situated at the southern tip of Africa is bounded by two oceans, the Indian Ocean on the east side of the African continent and the Atlantic Ocean on the western side of the continent. At the bottom of the dip Ormonde Road intersects with Columbine Avenue. At the robots we turned right into Ormonde Road, then left into Devereaux Avenue and then right into Dorncliffe Avenue.
2.
I arrived at the gate of my home with Gazala, my new girlfriend who was a brown skinned Arab Algerian, who felt more at home in Paris than in Algeria. She did not consider herself an African. She found it funny when I referred to myself as an African. ‘I thought you were a Jew,’ she said trying to correct me. ‘I am an African Jew,’ I said, defending my claims to a dual identity. I also reminded her that she also had a binary view of who she wanted to be. She wanted to be French but at the same time she was proudly Arab. She used the word ‘race’, a taboo term in my own mind: ‘I am racially an Arab,’ she said. I argued that there were no such thing as an Arab race or an African race or a white race. But she insisted that she was racially an Arab. And by way of contrast she reminded me that Wendy was Chinese, which was a race in Gazala’s mind. I pressed the remote, activating the gate motors, the steel gate slid smoothly open. In 1991 the undeveloped quadrilateral shaped five thousand square meter stand which we bought with funds from my inheritance was located at the end of a tarred cul de sac which had been carved into the weathered rocky ridge which formed one of the borders of the eight hundred hectare pristine plateau of the Klipriversberg Nature Reserve. The stand with its widest side situated at the upper edge of a slope with a thirty degree incline bordered the nature reserve. The stand was also densely forested with a species rich community of indigenous trees and woody bushy vegetation which included White Stinkwoods (Celtis africana), Hook-Thorn trees (Vachellia caffra), Sweet Thorn trees (Vachellia karoo), Wild Pears (Dombeya rotundifolia), Pendorings (Maytenus heterophylla), Bloubos (Euclea crispa), Kiepersols (Cussonia paniculata), Taaibos trees (Rhus leptodictya), Karree trees (Rhus lancea), and Deurmekaarbos shrubs (Ehretia rigida). The White Stinkwoods or the Celtis africana (C. africana) with their smooth whitish grey bark were the most predominant trees in terms of size and number. They belong to the Elm family or Ulmaceae. Their distributions extends throughout sub-Saharan Africa right up to Ethiopia. The tree grows tall with a straight clean bole and the older trees with increasing height become buttressed at the base of the trunk. Many of the Celtis trees were over forty metres in height and I could only roughly estimate that they were more than 80 years old, if not older. Maybe they were saplings when gold was discovered in 1886 in Johannesburg. At the bottom of the valley flowed the Bloubosspruit. We drove up the long tree canopy-enclosed driveway, which because of the steep gradient had been contoured into a flattened sigmoidal curve which ended at the garage.
3.
Our home in Mondeor: The north-west facing house was built on sloping ground, which allowed for maximizing the utilization of vertical space, while also blending into the terrain and woods. The house was well hidden. It was essentially invisible from the street or from any vantage point within the valley or the surrounding rocky hills and outcrops. It was perfectly secluded. Modelled on a minimalist Brazilian Guauime architectural design, it was built as a four storeyed split level structure reinforced with concrete and steel, and cladded with reddish brown face brick, which blended with the surrounding rocky outcrops. It included three ten degree pitched tiled terraces and also ten degree pitched concrete roof or platform covering the fourth storey. The ten degrees slope or pitch of the terraces and the upper roof allowed for the terraces and roof platform to double up as space which could be used for outdoor relaxation or work or even for a terrace garden or roof garden. The lower storey consisted of the three car garage, workshop and store rooms. From the garage there was a staircase to the entrance foyer. The second storey with main entrance hall, foyer, toilet, lounge, dining, pub, study and library, dining room, kitchens (kosher considerations), pantry, scullery, and laundry. The third floor had four bedrooms with each having adjoining showers and toilets and bathroom. The fourth floor had an open plan design incorporating the main bedroom, lounge, study, bathroom and small kitchenette. From the fourth floor a steel stairway and door provided access to the concrete roof. The second, third and fourth floors all had sliding door exits which opened onto the terraces. The first split level: cavernous and spacious, uncluttered and with unpretentious décor, with no isolating walls or compartmentalization, functionally open and practical, convenient and fluid, free flowing, allowing unrestricted circulation of purpose and place with regard to the spatial arrangement of kitchen, dining room and lounge, with the kitchen functioning as the hub and the beating heart of the living space, since daily living revolves around the kitchen counter, kettle, toaster, stoves, ovens, fridges, sinks and dishwasher, free and open unconstrained access to the kitchen makes serving, fetching and carrying an easy, friendly and enjoyable social task. Traditionally the kitchen has been tucked away, hidden from sight at the back of the house where the kitchen door opens into the back yard with its washing lines, servant’s quarters and garage. The kitchen being open and readily accessible to both dining room and lounge facilitates a practical and convivial unity within the spatial and social arrangement of living space. Large sliding patio doors increased the sense of an overflowing spatial continuity between the intimate interior of the hearth with the exterior wild abundance of trees, shrubs and bush, offering unrestricted access to and views of sun dappled glades, swimming pool and braai patio area, from the dining room, lounge, study and library. For the dining room I had a twelve seater square solid oak dining table custom made, mainly because Millicent liked to entertain clients and associates. 
4.
I opened the garage door with the remote and we drove in. The garage lights come on automatically. I helped Gazala carry her suitcases and other personal belongings up the stairs to the entrance foyer. Carrying two large heavy suitcases one in each hand we climbed the stairs to the second floor and placed her suitcases and stuff in one of the bedrooms. Before settling in she wanted a tour of the house. She quickly run out of superlatives and I kept on replying to all the adjectives - amazing, lovely, beautiful…, with the words: ‘We have been blessed, yes the Lord has blessed us, and so on and so forth.’ Dear reader I meant every word: ‘Hashem has blessed us.’ The home was my project. I paid for it. Thanks to my father: Clifford Swift. I showed Gazala the framed photographs of my parents on the wall in our bedroom which I had shared with Millicent for 27 years. She gazed at the picture of my mother for a while. ‘She looks very Sephardic, almost like an Arab.’ She finally said with a gentle smile. She looked at me: ‘You look more like your mother, but you not as dark, you are fair skinned like your father.’ She then examined the framed photographs of Veronica, Verona, Vera and Millicent. ‘I can see that your daughters resemble your mother and Millicent, but they are not as fair as you and Millicent.’ She examined all the photos of Millicent. ‘She is really beautiful,’ she finally said. ‘It is so sad that you and her are no longer together, and you have such a beautiful family and such a beautiful home, it is a tragedy,’ she said looking at me with sad eyes and a genuinely forlorn expression on her face, there were tears brimming in her eyes, rolling down her cheeks. I became aware of the stark absurdity of the empty palatial home. A thought flashed through my mind: ‘I could marry Gazala and I could have a second family to fill this home, and bequeath something to Gazala and our children’. I even entertained the idea that Gazala could convert to Judaism, we could immigrate as a family to Israel, we could join the settlers on the West Bank in the hill country, and I could live up to the expectation of my Jewish namesake, Joshua. I could learn to use an automatic military rifle. I could do something worthwhile with my life, for Israel and the Jewish people. The stark haunting image of my reflection in a mirror caught my eye by surprise just as Gazala said that it seemed that I had seen a ghost. I suggested we have coffee. She sat down on one of the sofas in bedroom while I busied myself making filter coffee at the bedroom’s kitchenette station. Millicent said the country was fucked. It was beyond repair. The damage could not be reversed. Yet I find myself standing on the brink of a fresh start. It felt as if I have been given a second chance, another shot at life. I am deeply in love with Gazala. She is beautiful, lovely, warm, compassionate, supremely intelligent, caring and so gentle. I pass her a mug of filter coffee. I sit down with my coffee in an arm chair positioned at right angles to the sofa. Sipping the coffee I stare across the room, though the sliding doors, over the canopies of the woods at the koppies rising up on the other side of the valley. I pick up the remote from the coffee table and fiddle with it and I select Bob Dylan – ‘Like a Rolling Stone’. Gazala laughs. ‘You have not grown up,’ she says. ‘…how does it feel…’ It feels like I am on the verge of losing everything. I feel in my stomach and chest something like the onset of emotional vertigo. The country is fucked. ‘Flog everything!’ That is what Millicent said. I subvocalize the words in my head – ‘I am going to lose everything.’ I feel that I am in free fall. I am going to lose everything, my career, my investments, my lifestyle, my new girlfriend, and I am going to lose my future. I am going to lose my life. I could even die in this very room before everything collapses into nothing. This is my premonition. This is what I am visualizing. I look at Gazala. She smiles at me. ‘What’s wrong?’  She asks. ‘It is nothing.’ I reply. ‘Are you sure?’ She asks, her demeanour full of concern. ‘It is not about us?’ She asks frowning slightly. ‘No it is not, I love you.’ I answer. ‘I love you too.’ She answers with a sad smile. I manage to push these worries from my mind. 
5.
She glanced at her watch. ‘It feels strange and out of place not to be working, just relaxing, I feel so free, let’s go sit outside on the terrace’. I got up and rinsed the mugs in the sink. It was 15:30. I unlocked the glass sliding doors. The sun was bright for March. The cloudless sky was still a summery cobalt blue even though the season had already crossed the autumnal equinox. Overhead swifts and swallows could still be seen flittering and gliding about. The raucous calls of hadedas suddenly shattered the silence of the afternoon. From the woods the distinct call of fructivorous or frugivorous grey louries (kwêvoëls in Afrikaans and the popular name is ‘grey go-away-birds’ and scientific species name is Corythaixoides concolor) could be intermittently heard. ‘Is that a tree house?’ She asked pointing to a wooden structure with a pitched roof high up in a Celtis tree. ‘Yes it is a tree house. I built it for the girls.’ ‘Wasn’t it dangerous for them?’ ‘Millicent thought it was dangerous.’ ‘How did they climb up? ‘With a rope ladder, if you look carefully you can see the rope ladder, if you want we can climb up and sit in it. It is safe. It is an ideal bird watching hide.’ ‘Heavens no!’ ‘No one has been in the tree house for years. Bats live in it now.’ ‘Then I definitely will not be climbing up that rope ladder, you don’t know what viruses they may be carrying, and releasing in their droppings, urine and saliva.’ Comfortably audible the background music emanating from the bedroom’s sound system blended with the mood afternoon:  George McCrae – ‘Rock your baby’. I took her hand. ‘…woman take me in your arms…’ She looked at me seriously: ‘If you want to we can sleep together, I don’t need my own room, and it will also be convenient if the girls each have their own room. The Supremes, - ‘Someday we’ll be together’. ‘I would like that if that is what you want.’ ‘That is what I want.’
6.
In apartheid South Africa Gazala would have been classified as non-white. My mother lived in constant fear that she would be reclassified as a Coloured, or worse that she would be stripped of her South African nationality and deported back to Mozambique. She was curious about the Mozambican man called Dimitri Tsafendas. She felt strongly that the truth about this man had been deliberately suppressed. Tsafendas was the man who killed Verwoerd. Framed within a theological and metaphysical perspective Tsafendas had killed apartheid when he stabbed Verwoerd to death while he was sitting in the parliamentary house of assembly. Verwoerd the intellectual architect of apartheid was assassinated within the confines of the legislature where apartheid legislation had been voted into law. Of course the deed had unfathomable symbolic significance and material and metaphysical consequences. It was actually an execution for a crime against humanity rather than a murder or assassination. Tsafendas was the executing angel of death. Verwoerd was the prime architect, enforcer, apologist and intellectual exponent of a crime against humanity. He was accused number one. With regard to the great tribunal of history he was not an innocent man. So the question what does the stabbing to death of Verwoerd mean and reveal in the fullness of time has been answered. I may spoiled the story, but in the fullness of time Tsafendas stands redeemed as a hero and the assassination of Verwoerd was filled with Biblical meaning, it did indeed like the 1976 Soweto Student uprising portend the certain end of apartheid. Like the Biblical writing on the wall the stabbing to death of Verwoerd had prophetic significance. At the time Tsafendas was waiting be reclassified as a Coloured so that he could marry a Coloured woman. Due to bureaucratic bungling he had originally been classified white. In terms of apartheid race legislation passed by popular vote in the house of assembly Tsafendas was actually a half caste or a non-white and therefore a non-person, someone who existed beyond the pale or reach of whiteness, like my own mother. I think of my mom who was also originally classified white as a result of bureaucratic bungling when she was naturalized as a South African citizen. In the home in which I grew up all discussions on matters of racial identity or skin colour or apartheid was made strictly taboo, a forbidden topic. In retrospect my father, and me as well, lived as ‘white persons’ each day, ironically and paradoxically, under the Damoclean sword of apartheid, a sword which would destroy his most precious treasure which was his family, my mother and me. My father at a private and personal level as an individual became a man who had decided to live in a state of self-imposed self-isolation as an outsider within the confines of the broader white community into which he had become inserted. It was only later in life that I realized that I was white and also not white. At a personal level as an individual my father had experienced the profound evilness of apartheid. In later life after the Neil Aggett funeral I discovered that the story of Sandra Laing had also haunted my parents. They were worried that I would be a black baby, but I was born snow white. With regard to Sandra Laing, born of ‘white’ parents she was expelled from her primary school as a 10 year child because her the texture of her hair and the pigmentation of her skin made people ‘believe’ that she was Coloured, or a half-caste. Apartheid was ultimately based on a fetishization of non-whiteness. The boundaries of whiteness in terms of darkness of pigments did have a threshold beyond which you ceased to be white. The closer you came to that arbitrary and almost indeterminable boundary the greater the existential threat of being classified as non-white became. If my mom was classified as non-white my dad would have lost his job, we would have lost our home in Witfield, we would have had to move to Reiger Park, because my dad being the man he was would have applied like Tsafendas to be reclassified as a Coloured and I a person with a white skin would have become a Coloured. In all likelihood we as family would have had to give up our home in Witfield and move to the Coloured Township called Reiger Park. In adulthood this was the threat I realized that my family had lived under. But as child I had no idea of the fearful realities that haunted my parents. I had seen Coloureds whose pigmentation was so pale that could have been mistaken for whites. And in Martin School there were pupils with Afrikaans surnames who lived in the poor white working class suburb of Boksburg North, and who were just as dark as my mother. As a primary school kid I did not see them as being less white than myself. I lived in a white universe of American novels, American comics, American movies, British and American rock and pop music. Yet as a kid I was never conscious of the reality that my childhood universe could be re-constructed ideologically as a ‘universe of whiteness’ and privilege and complicity. The murder of Neil Aggett by the apartheid state became a major milestone in my life, a fork in the road if you wish. As a consequence of his murder my parents opened up to me regarding many things, things from which I had been protected by being excluded. Without ever knowing until then, apartheid had been a dark cloud hanging over my own life. I saw my father and mother in a new light from that day onwards. Everything about us as a family fell into place and made perfect sense.



Chapter Thirty Three

1.
Four o’ clock on Thursday the 26th of March 2020 I arrived back at the house with Bathsheba Wendy, Aarifa and Mahmud. After parking the Tucson in the garage they carried their cases up the stairs to the foyer where Gazala was waiting to meet them. She took them to their rooms while I started a fire for a braaivleis on the patio next to the pool. Mahmud became extremely talkative after downing a can of ice cool Heineken beer. He cracked open a second can. I realized that Mahmud, Gazala and I were going to have a party tonight. Wendy, Aarifa and Bathsheba as charismatic Evangelical Christians would each drink half a glass of wine and that would be it. He had read something which intrigued him immensely. It concerned an alternative idea of an object which differed from a Russell and Quine concept of an object. Well there was some overlap. The idea was that an object is a thing which has properties and such an object could be any kind of thing depending on its properties. Because I personally subscribed, for scientific and metaphysical reasons, to a position which could be called Realist Essentialism I went along with his idea. I was curious to see where he was going to take it. Of course Gazala like the others were also interested. We were all ears, waiting to indulge Mahmud with a hearing. It was this kind of rapport which made us such a good scientific team. What is a property? A property is something which instantiates an object. If a property is something then it in turn can also be viewed as an object. I don’t what to discuss that now, but what I do find interesting is the idea that existence can be viewed as a property possessed by an object. What makes existence a property of an object? If the object is real then it must have existence as a property. However, some philosophers (Frege and Russell) say that existence cannot be a primary property of an object. What about non-real objects? They not real because they do not exist, yet they are still objects, but they do not have existence as one of their properties. For example they are the kind of objects we find in fiction. The point that Mahmud was making was that there are many ways according Meinong in which objects with properties do not exist. I did not know anything of Alexius Meinong or Meinongianism or non-existent objects until Mahmud’s interesting discussion. Being a non-existent is a mode of being. The letter ‘a’ is an indefinite article, a noun marker, a noun names things. To make things even more complicated, for Kant the word ‘exists’ cannot work as a real predicate. And also in Frege’s view the word ‘exists’ cannot work as a primary predicate possessed by individual objects. For Hume we can only really think about existent objects. For Hume, contrary to Kant, existence is a real predicate. Here we have a paradox of non-existence or a paradox of existence if you wish. 
2.
How can anyone write a book about things or objects or subjects or selves or consciousnesses which do not exist? Non-existence objects would include all the characters of fiction and mythology including the pantheon of Greek gods. There are some fantastical non-existent objects like a perpetual motion machine or a virtuous politician. If you wish, you could even treat me a character in this book as a non-existent object. Meinong’s theory of non-existent objects is based on an idea derived from Brentano. Brentano proposed that all psychological states or conscious states are directed towards something. They are ‘intentional’ in the sense that they are about something rather than nothing. They are about something by virtue of being directed upon something intentionally, which is the same as saying that something  has drawn the focus of their attention, hence they are intentionally directed upon an intended object. The focus of our attention, based on our psychological state or state of mind, could be some intentional object, something which has predicates but does not exit, such as the intentional objects we find in the contents of novel or in the scenes of a movie or even in our dreams. All these non-existent objects are the intended or intentional objects of thought or consciousness or mind or mental states or even dream states. The puzzle arises when the object is a character that plays a role in some narrative in a novel or a movie or TV series and as such becomes the object of criticism, analysis, exploration, investigation and discussion in literary or cinema theory, the contents of which are later published in paper or MA dissertation or PhD thesis. In this process the character is subjected to predication, meaning we can say things about the character, even if the character does not exist. These puzzles and paradoxes surrounding the existence of objects and their predication have been with us since Plato, and also explored by Plato in his Parmenides and Sophist. It seems that for Plato and for the whole history of Western Philosophy no object can have a property, even the property of existence, unless it has ‘being’ in some sense. And it is the significance and meaning and implications of this, in relationship to everything, which has fallen into forgetfulness according to Heidegger. 
3.
Day 1 of the lockdown started on the 27th March 2020. 
4.
It was now April 2020. Autumn was upon us. With each passing day the shadows grew longer and the sun began set earlier each evening. I take time out to gaze up at the sunny autumn skies. The evening chill had not yet arrived. In Jo’burg we had four distinct seasons, summer, autumn, winter, and spring. In more seasonable climates White Stinkwoods which are evergreen in warmer climes adopt a deciduous strategy for surviving the dry and cold Highveld winters. The shafts of sunlight light filtering through gaps in the tree canopies had that end of season spectral change in intensity and quality. During April the foliage of the towering White Stinkwoods gradually changed from the shining and glittering deep emerald greens of summer to the full fluttering palette of autumnal shades of orange, yellow, red, purple, and bronze. In May the shedded leaves gathered in thick layered, shifting and rustling, carpets on the porches, braai entertainment patios, pool paving, driveway and on every patch of earth. Because of the shadows cast by the surrounding tree canopies it was impossible to establish a lawn and garden round the house in the surrounding open spaces. Instead I had to pave all the open spaces between the house and boundary line of the tree canopies. In large soil filled glazed clay pots and movable ceramic flower boxes we had planted kalanchoe, pelargonium, begonias, arum lilies, bamboo, tree ferns, cycads, palms, strelizias, and Ginkgo trees. The crispy dry Celtis leaves rustled in the light autumnal breeze. I derived a simple pleasure from sweeping the leaves off the paving, gathering the dry leaves into heaps beneath the trees in the surrounding woods. When Veronica, Vera and Verona were still kids they had great fun diving into the massive heaps of leaves, often burying themselves under piles of leaves in a game of hiding-seek in which I participated. Sweeping the leaves brought back memories, bringing back fleeting moments of happiness. Towards the end of April while sweeping away the leaves I would stop for a while to gaze up at the skies watching the flight of swallows and swifts against the blue sky, and then I would go on sweeping the leaves off the paving into piles, and lifting the leaves from the swimming pool with a net. In the evening I watched the bats leaving the tree house from the pool patio. Sometimes the others would join me. Before the end of the first week in May the swallows, swifts and bats were gone. Following the departure of the swallows and bates, just before twilight, if it was not our turn to make supper, Gazala and myself would make a flask of filter coffee and trek up the steep hill to the upper south-east boundary of the property. Beneath a karee tree with a sprawling canopy I had cut a horizontal terrace into the hill and laid square cement paving blocks to create a small patio. Leaning back on the bench with our legs stretched out we drank our coffee while we watched the sun go down. To the west several kilometres behind the Southgate Shopping Mall lay the sprawling suburbs of Eldorado Park, Lenasia and Soweto which stretched to the horizon. Eldorado Park had traditionally been a Coloured township and Lenasia had traditionally been an Indian township. They were still predominantly Coloured and Indian townships, respectively. Soweto was a black township. From the elevation of our vantage point we looked down on the Boulevard at the bottom of the Mondeor valley where Columbine Avenue intersected at the robots with Ormonde Street. From the bottom of the valley Columbine Avenue climbed the hill westwards towards the Southgate Mall and Meredale. At the bottom of the steep and deep dip into the valley at the Ormonde and Columbine intersection by the robots, on the left was an Engen Garage and on the opposite stood the Dis-Chem Pharmacy.  As the sun set the string of street lights along Columbine Avenue came on.



Chapter Thirty Four

1.
Both Millicent and I enjoyed decoding the dreamscape world created by the movie maker. We both had an active dream life and we spoke about dreams, it was an interest we shared. The subtitles of Netflix movies helped us to reconstruct or deconstruct or decode the story-boarding behind or underlying each scene. Each scene could be framed like a cartoon in a comic book cartoon strip, the script in the movie subtitles are equivalent to the speech bubbles and comments in a comic cartoon strip. The scenes depicted in cartoon comic strip are static whereas in the rolling frames of the movie film or video they appear to flow and merge seamlessly from one frame into the next creating the illusion of time, movement and motion, hence the word ‘movies’ used when speaking about film or cinema as opposed to the static frames of comic book cartoons.  I was not too surprised when both Mahmud and Gazala confirmed that they too liked the subtitles that were superimposed as a static element of text over the moving frames out of which the dynamic movie or video scenes emerged so seamlessly creating in the process the illusionary world of the dreamscape. The dreamscape of the movie is filled with fictional objects. And Mahmud had now become an exponent of Meinongian object theory, and he was wrestling with the ontological status of fictional objects in novels, movies and videos. What kind of things are the fictional objects or images which fill the dreamscape of movies and also the sleep-world of the oneiric or the dream-state? The conscious experience which coincides with the reading of fiction or with the viewing of a movie involves a merging of the dreamscape of the novel or the dreamscape of the movie which has been made visible and audible on the screen, and it is the prior experience and familiarity of the world of the dream-states which makes it possible for the gap to be narrowed between the novel reader or movie viewer and what is being read or what is being viewed. The very process of reading a fictional narrative or watching a movie replicates the kinds of conscious activities and experiences associated with oneiric world of the dreamscape or dream-state. The point which Mahmud was making can be summarized as follows: With regard to the operation of the mind, there can be a replication of mental or conscious states or conscious experiences, in which the real and the oneiric worlds merge into one. We can dream up all kinds of possible worlds, which are made manifest or are projected through the medium of the movie or the novel. The world of the mind supervenes on the brain or matter or stuff. Similarly the world of the movie supervenes on the material. In both instances, without a material substrate neither the dreamscape experienced by the viewer and reader nor the dreamscape projected by the movie or novel could exist. Through the medium of a material world we experience as subjects what is projected as an object. In all instances the object is real according the Meinong. In order for this to be the case whatever is ‘real’ is real by virtue of its existence, and objects can exist in multiple different ways and dimensions. Novels, comics and movies deal with fictional objects which have an existence within the ‘realm’ of the novel, comic or movie. Within the theoretical framework of Meinong’s philosophy fictional objects are equivalent or isomorphic with Meinong’s concept of aesthetic objects. ‘Aesthetic experiences’ are directed towards or are generated by aesthetic objects or aesthetically contrived states of affairs which are created or projected or constructed within the framework of the novel or movie. This is also the objective of story boarding, which is to construct an aesthetic object or an aesthetically contrived state of affairs, and this represents the rhetorical process of aestheticization. It is the rhetorical process of aestheticization which transforms a fictional object or state of affairs into something aesthetic, something which possesses the power to affect aesthetic experiences, or in other words, something which has aesthetic affectivity, and therefore capable of evoking emotions, sentiments, feelings, forlornness, nostalgia, judgments, excitement, suspense, surprise, fear, desire, lust, anger, wonder, disbelief, joy, confusion, perplexity, melancholy, longing, sadness, terror, horror, mortification, disgust, and so on. I have intentionally inflated the notion of aesthetics beyond the limits of taste and beauty. Broadly speaking aesthetics involves the theory and practice of art. And what is art? Art involves the work of creation and the wellspring of creation is the imagination.  Art rises out of the imagination at work. What is imagined? What is dreamt up? Answer: An aesthetic object or an aesthetic state of affairs is something which affects the emotions or psyche or state of mind. This definition of art is not exhaustive but I am satisfied that it has the right focus. 
2.
Early in the morning and just before sunset Wendy, Bathsheba and Aarifa would have their prayer and Bible study meetings on their terrace. By chance one evening I overhead a reading from the Gospel of Mark. From our terrace Gazala and I listened to Wendy read with her distinctive Chinese English accent from the Gospel of Mark chapter 13: And as he came out of the temple, one of his disciples said to him, “Look, Teacher, what wonderful stones and what wonderful buildings!” And Jesus said to him, “Do you see these great buildings? There will not be left here one stone upon another that will not be thrown down.” After the reading by Wendy, Bathsheba spoke from her notes which she had prepared beforehand for the reading: ‘This predictive announcement in the Gospel of Mark embraces the fate of every city which ever came into existence. Even though every city is built on the foundation of utopian aspirations, the realization of the eternal city remains an illusion. This is the judgement weighing down on all cities. This prophecy has proved to be true for every city, even cities which gave rise to great civilizations. And no matter how strong or how certain the utopian impulse mirrored in the grandiose skylines in the great cityscapes of the world every city has always existed from the moment of its birth in a immanent state of ruin. All cities are constructed to eventually collapse, this is what defines their essential nature. This iron-law of inevitability is built into the very logic of the life-cycle of every city that has ever come into existence. If there could be a metaphysics of the city this is what the metaphysics of the city would embody. Its inner logic, its ‘genetic programme’ is inherently dystopian. The city is plagued by its own ephemerality, its constant mutation, its transience, its inner decay, it inevitable decline, and the certainty of its eventual oblivion. The fate of the city rests on its ineluctable propensity for self-destruction. Its condition is one of innate or intrinsic provisionality, this is its defining attribute. It never reaches completion or any kind of finality, instead it sinks into a state of stasis, stagnation, degeneration, disorder and chaos. In an exemplary fashion the city embodies all the futility of a Sisyphean tragedy.’ 
3.
After listening to this exegesis I looked at Gazala. She wore a dark frown on her forehead. She had been struck down by Bathsheba’s commentary. She said: ‘Let’s go inside, I find these Bible studies so depressing.’ ‘Why?’ I asked. ‘Because they seem to carry the ring of truth. Fundamentalist Christians only see the destruction of civilizations.’ I laughed. I said: ‘Jews have survived the destruction of every City on earth for more than four thousand years. We are the only survivors!’ ‘Why, how?’ She asked. ‘We are G-d’s chosen people,’ I laughed. ‘How do you know that you are chosen above all other people?’ She asked with a sceptical frown. ‘If G-d is truly G-d, then G-d is free to do as G-d wishes, otherwise G-d would not be G-d if G-d was bound by prescriptions which were external to his essential nature’ I answered. ‘So you are saying that there is something about Jewish people that resonates with G-d’s essential nature?’ ‘Yes,’ I answered. ‘We have the Torah, G-d gave us his Word.’ I added. ‘If I did not love you so much, I would hate you,’ she said. ‘That is the fate of the Jew, we accept our fate, the world hates us,’ I answered. ‘Maybe I should become a Jew,’ she replied. ‘You can, but is it will be very hard work.’ I replied. In my heart I thought: ‘I know how much it takes to become a Jew!’ That is why the convert loves the story of Ruth so much. The joy in the heart of the convert is that he or she knows that they have come home to the place where they belong. The soul of every convert was present at Mount Sinai when the Lord gave Moses the Law. In my mind I asked: ‘How can I say this?’ Then I said to Gazala: ‘Conversion should be made the hardest process which any human can undertake successfully. Conversion should be a trial which tests the very limits of human experience and endurance in order to ascertain whether the home coming of the convert is genuine. Conversion to anything has been made so easy in this world. Remember in the case of Judaism the convert chooses to join a persecuted and oppressed people, the convert chooses Auschwitz rather than not being Jewish. The standards which Judaism asks of the convert is exorbitant, it is the Rabbis task to ensure this, they have to be sure as G-d’s appointed gatekeepers to the citizenship of the Jewish people, the chosen people of G-d, that the convert has meet all the criteria for him or her to be accepted as a Jew by other Jews. Once the convert has satisfied the Halakhic requirements for conversion then all Jews are obliged by the Torah and G-d to accept him or her as a fellow Jew. G-d and Torah on then on the side of the convert, confirming his or her status.’ ‘So conversion to Judaism is not a cheap and quick deal?’ She laughed. ‘No it is not. ‘So does this mean that all non-Jews are condemned to hell?’  ‘No, of course not.’ I replied. ‘What punishment has G-d in store for the atheists?’ She asked.
4.
After supper we usually spent the rest of evenings watching Netflix and we found ourselves discussing the series or the movie the next day during our coffee and lunch breaks and over supper. We compared different film makers, for example, Martin Scorsese, Quentin Tarantino, Christopher Nolan, David Fincher, Stanley Kubrick, Francis Coppola, and so and so forth. We watched Tarantino’s ‘Once Upon a Time. . . in Hollywood.’  In a review by Richard Brody published in The New Yorker he wrote that the movie reflected Tarantino’s nostalgia for the classical age of the Hollywood movie which seemed to have ended in 1969, the year in which the actress Sharon Tate was brutally murdered by members of the Charles Manson cult. None of us belonged to the 1960s. During the 1960s South Africa had become isolated in an impervious bubble from the rest of the world. For white South Africa the 1960s represented the decade which framed both the extraordinary zenith and the sudden precipitous decline of apartheid. In a strange, surreal and absurd way, South Africa was not really part of the rest of the world during the 1960s. We were culturally isolated, cut off in space and time, disconnected, the moorings severed, the country drifting in a phantasmagorical fog. The youthful counter culture bypassed us, having no impact on the white youth of South Africa who remained deeply conservative, racist and reactionary. The turning point of apartheid was marked by the assassination of Verwoerd at the hand of Dimitri Tsafendas. Even so the 1960s coincided with the golden years of apartheid and the halcyon years of my preadolescent childhood. And of course we watched Tarantino’s 1994 postmodernist movie called Pulp Fiction. A movie, which Wikipedia describes as a neo-noir black comedy crime film, I had seen the movie with Millicent, shortly after its release in 1994. I enjoy black comedy. But why was it classed as a postmodernist movie? When did postmodernism begin and end? Have I lived a blinkered life? Wasn’t I born into postmodernism under strange and horrible circumstances, didn’t I grow up on an apartheid island, was I not a stowaway or even a passenger on a ship of fools, floating blindly in an ocean of postmodernism, deaf and blind and out of touch to the voices of Lacan, Foucault, Deleuze, Derrida and Althusser? White South Africa became the putrid backwater of the world, isolated and cut-off, the whites imprisoned by the deficiencies of their own imaginations, remained trapped in their irrational fixations, consumed by a racist paranoidal hatred and hysterical fear of communism and Marxism. In short, they became possessed by a mind-set bordering on Fascism. At the same time it was also true that no one really understood what was going on in the world. It was a classic case of the ‘three-body problem’ on a colossal scale. Future history remains unpredictable. Since the dawn of time it has always been the outcome of unintended consequences. G-d frustrates the plans and plotting of men driven by evil intent. This I believed. But now back at the ranch, while the 20th century Communist experiment was imploding white South Africa remained frozen in time, petrified stiff with fear, in the grip of the terrors of its own imagination. Irrationality ruled! No one could read the signs of times. Certainly not the Nationalist politicians or the white Christian Churches. As the Christian Gospel of Matthew states in 24:3: ‘…And as he sat upon the Mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? And what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?’ This was the reading which Gazala and I heard from the terrace below our bedroom when Bathsheba Emanuel, Wendy Shi Chen, Aarifa Hamadani were having their Bible study. As a Jew I knew this came from Ezekiel 7, which goes like this: The word of the Lord came to me: Son of man, this is what the Sovereign Lord says to the land of Israel: ‘The end! The end has come upon the four corners of the land! The end is now upon you, and I will unleash my anger against you. I will judge you according to your conduct and repay you for all your detestable practices I will not look on you with pity; I will not spare you. I will surely repay you for your conduct. And for the detestable practices among you. Then you will know that I am the Lord.’ ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord says: Disaster! Unheard of disaster!’ In retrospect, it was ironical that a Jewish home had become the friendly refuge for three Christians and two atheists on the eve of what seemed to be a classical Jewish Ezekielean and Christian Matthean apocalypse. I would hide a Muslim under my bed, I would protect his or her life. I would do the same for the atheist, I would also hide an atheist under my bed. I would also hide the Christian under my bed. 
5.
Autonomy versus Heteronomy: The transition from a mobile unconfined nomadic hunter-gatherer form of sociality to a confined non-nomadic permanently settled form of sociality that was initially based on a tributary mode of production resulted in the imposition of a system of heteronomy in which individuals were radically disempowered and reduced to state of passivity, having no real agency or control over their existence as individuals. Following this transition the loss of individual autonomy and freedom within heteronomous forms of sociality reduced individuals to a state of atomization and alienation and disempowerment as if they had been incarcerated in a prison where they were condemned to serve out a life-sentence. To exist in a state of heteronomy means to be totality confined, immobilized or constrained in time, space and place, to be sentenced to live under circumscribed and prescribed conditions not of one’s free rational choice or in line with one’s own genuine self-interest. Without sinking into the infinite regress of definition it is rationally permissible to explore the wider and all-embracing meaning of imprisonment or incarceration. Of course it does not worry me that this exercise is linked to the essentialization of imprisonment or incarceration within an expanded horizon of relevance and application. 
6.
We are all actually prisoners of circumstances not of our making. So it is actually exceeding useful to investigate, explore and develop what we understand to be the essential or true nature of imprisonment or incarceration or confinement within the broadest possible context. Both words, ‘imprisonment’ and ‘incarceration’, are nouns which are synonyms of each other, and are also related in meaning and scope to multiple other synonyms or words such as: bondage, custody, enslaved, remand, duress, durance, servitude, captivity, enthralling, detaining, confinement, captivity, inequality, oppression, repression, intimidation, coercion, subjugation and so on and so forth. The word ‘incarceration’ has an etymological connection with strangulation. Our existence under the regime of heteronomy is one in which live in a state of strangulation, we cannot breathe freely. The antonym or opposite of heteronomy is autonomy. Autonomy, with respect to the individual, is the swear word for defenders of the existence of oligarchy especially in the form of nation states and also in the form of the so-called socialist state. The key antonyms or opposing words of heteronomy are: autonomy, freedom, liberty, equality, self-determination, agency, independence, self-ownership and individual sovereignty. What the word ‘heteronomy’ means for an individual person, is for that person to exist or to live a life in a state or a condition of being ruled, governed, and controlled with regard to the totality of one’s life. So heteronomous states of existence are essentially totalitarian or authoritarian to some greater or lesser existence, but always nevertheless totalitarian or authoritarian, especially in the sense that the individual is actually sentenced or condemned to live a life which is severely or thoroughly or absolutely circumscribed, or suffer the consequences of resistance or dissent or rebellion. Heteronomy also refers to the exercise or imposition of actions, agencies, powers, threats, violence, fears and forces which facilitate the complete control and exploitation of the lives of individuals towards predetermined ends. The autonomy versus heteronomy binary or dichotomy represents opposing and conflicting realities or states of affairs, the former corresponding to egalitarian forms of sociality and the latter corresponding to non-egalitarian or hierarchicalized forms of sociality. A heteronomous form of sociality is necessarily hierarchicalized or socially stratified or socially differentiated with regard to social status and social rank and power and is therefore characterized by inequalities with regard to all kinds of rights and benefits. 
7.
All heteronomous systems of sociality embody carceral places and spaces, where in this context the adjective carceral also broadly means to be confined within specified boundaries. It possible to imagine, conceptualize, model and map the carceral geography of any place and space. The generic features or commonalities for placing all carceral geographies within the same genus are the similarities in their institutional systems (informal and formal, legal and illegal) of social control and coercion which are conducive for the emergence and self-perpetuation of conditions or states of heteronomy as opposed to states of social autonomy. The etymology of the word ‘carceral’ is in itself interesting. It is derived from the Latin word ‘carceralis’ which is derived from the Roman word ‘carcer’, the name for the ancient Roman state prisons. In turn the Roman word ‘carcer’ has ancient Indo-European roots where the word originally referred to a ‘circle’. Which can be connected with ideas to circumscribe or to encircle or to enclose or to confine within. The word ‘carcer’ is also used to describe the kinds of divinatory geomantic signs used in occultic divination. In the geomancy method of divination various kinds of objects such stones or bones or other items are cast onto the ground, and their random geometric arrangement can be read or interpreted as signs which can assist divination. In addition the word geomantic is used as an adjective relating to the art or architecture of placing buildings together in space. The geomantic architectonics of the panopticon heteronomous city or state or carceral institution allows for the divination of the intentions of its denizens so that every thought or intention or act or plan can be circumvented or punished. 
8.
Heteronomous forms of sociality can be differentiated along an unbroken continuum from a prison system to a neoliberal electoral-based representative democracy. The inmate community existing within the confines of a prison provides a useful model microcosm of how a heteronomous system spontaneously emerges, functions and self-perpetuates once individuals are confined in a place or space in time. And the heteronomous dynamics of the prison microcosm can be mapped to all possible forms of heteronomous sociality arranged along a continuum of variation, each conforming to its own peculiar geomantic carceral architectonics and panopticon surveillance systems. 



Chapter Thirty Five

1.
Mahmud, an exuberant and passionate personality prevailed, he had a Meinongian thesis to prove, so we while eating popcorn in the lounge under the strict curfew of the lockdown we continued to spend the nights watching the Netflix series and movies which he considered, for our education and edification, to be ‘serious movies and series’, and mind you many were American movies and Spanish crime series! But he remained a true believer in the Meinongian thesis. There were other dimensions to reality, where things were just as real as the bowls of popcorn on our laps. We struggled to the fathom the intricate mechanism underlying the emergence of mind or consciousness or memory or empathy or nostalgia. It seemed that the brain and human body could be ‘re-engineered’ fit for service and purpose. Mahmud believed this. And so did I! The Godless universe of Ridley Scott’s Blade Runner could indeed exist as a reality. It was a possible world in the Universe of possible worlds and parallel realities and forking roads. Mind does indeed supervene on brain or matter in other words. LA Woman. City of night. Motel burning. Mahmud liked Shaggy. I was the only one who liked the Doors. Girl you are my darling angel. In the night of the pandemic we were in heaven. Life is a party when you are still young. I was young again with Gazala sitting next to me. Girl you are my angel. Gazala loved Juice Newton’s ‘Angel of the Morning’. And she loved Blondie’s ‘Heart of Glass’. What a surprise for me! ‘…I'm the one you're using, please don't push me aside…’ 
2.
Autumn was now behind us. It was the month of June. The arrival of icy nights and the first frosts had transformed the dry and dusty Highveld landscape into a wintery palette of different shades of greys, browns, oranges, yellows and khaki. It was early Saturday afternoon, Gazala and I had climbed up the steep rocky, bush and scrub coated slope. Once over the crest of the rocky ridge we stood on top of a large flat topped rock and took in the scene of the grassy plateaux while we took time to catch our breath after the physical exertion of the steep climb. The route we followed up the slope had once been a well-trodden pathway to the summit of the ridge. It was once our private and hidden route from the gate in our boundary fence that opened into the Klipriviersberg Nature Reserve. Over the years Millicent, Veronica, Vera, Verona and I had managed to cut a path through the dense bushy vegetation which covered the rocky slope. In the interim the path we had made between the rocks, bushes and thorn trees had become overgrown with woody vegetation. Our weekend hiking into the nature reserve came to an end after Veronica, Vera and Verona had immigrated to Canada. As the crow flies, about 10 km or so the silhouette of the ionic inner-city skyline was clearly visible in the north, especially when viewed from the highest point in the nature reserve, marked by a beacon on an elevated rocky outcrop flanking the southern edge of the grassland which covered the flat plateaux. On the southern side of the beacon lay the ruins of ancient 14th century kraals for corralling cattle, originally built from the surrounding stones and rocks by native pastoralists. The topography of the grassland plateaux was broken by scattered islands of bush and trees which grew on small rocky hills and rocky mounds which protected the woody vegetation from the seasonal grassland fires. We trudged through the grassland towards the beacon. The grass had been reduced to short dry brittle stubble which now crunched noisily beneath the soles of our shoes with each step we took. It been had severely cropped by the zebra, red hartebeest, springbok and black wildebeest which had been re-introduced into the 800 ha nature reserve. Before the introduction of the large antelope the previously unfenced reserve had been a refuge for populations of small mammals which had thrived for countless decades within sight of the inner-city skyline of Jo’burg. This was one of the many anomalous secrets of Jo’burg. The small mammal community included the following species: porcupine, hedgehog, scrub hare, dassies (hyrax), slender and yellow mongoose, small spotted genet, tree squirrel, grey duiker, black backed jackal, cape fox, African civet, Cape spotted otter, Cape clawless otter. The wintery grassland as always was covered in winter-flowering aloes (Aloe greatheadii var. davyana). Their inflorescences of pinkish red tubular flowers provide a winter source of nectar for bees. I pointed out the latrines comprised of small, randomly distributed heaps of grey duiker pellets which had been deposited throughout the individual’s home range territory. And I also pointed out the larger light khaki coloured pellets of scrub hare which dotted the patches of exposed ground throughout the veld. Gazala spotted a porcupine quill which she decided to keep as a souvenir of our first foray together into the nature reserve. It had turned out to be one of those rare bright winter days when the southern hemisphere sky reflects an unusually deep blue hue. The sun just past its zenith presented us with a shadowless sharply defined pristine landscape, a wilderness, existing as an island within the ravished urbanscape of the sprawling industrialized PWV conurbation. And in that bright sunny moment Gazala cried out with delight: ‘Oh wow, come see, I can’t believe it, a beautiful delicate little purple flower blooming here in the middle of winter hidden in the dry tufts of grass, where no one can see it!’ Her sharp Arab eyes had spotted it. She pointed to the plant with the long porcupine quill. We knelt down to get a closer look at the flower. Its species name has been given as Moraea thomsonii, however in some floral field guides it has been referred to as M. stricta (Baker). The point being, its species status was not yet clear to me. I am still not sure what species name should be applied to this particular plant at the time of writing this passage. I was fully acquainted with plant. I had seen it many times before with Millicent and our daughters. It was a perennial herb with an unground corm, a monocot belonging to the family Iridaceae, tribe Irideae, an iris in more colloquial terms. 
3.
And here is another story for you. A story about the use of words and writing, about naming, recording and describing, and ultimately about the acquisition of knowledge and meaning. A settler or colonial practice filled with all kinds of hegemonic consequences. Yet in other circumstances a cultural or scientific practice undertaken by the settler and colonialist for the sheer joy and pleasure of recording, naming and describing the natural and pristine worlds of conquered territories. In the wake of colonization by the ruling imperial powers of the day came not only the cartographers or map makers, but also that colourful and intrepid entourage of missionaries, indigenous language translators, fortune seekers, Jewish wonderers, elephant hunters, explorers, slavers, pioneers, frontiersmen, geographers, anthropologists, zoologists, geologists and botanists. And they began to give names to everything that ever existed in their conquered colonial possessions, including landscape features, rivers, lakes, mountains, plants, insects, arachnids, fish, birds, mammals, reptiles, rocks. And not being satisfied with capturing the full plenitude of the surface of the earth through the activities of naming and writing, they also felt compelled to name and describe the hidden secret world what laid deep down beneath the covering layers of soil. They described in great detail and also gave names to each sedimentary layer in the stratigraphic column beneath the surface of the earth. Nothing escaped their attention and their passion for naming and describing and ultimately writing, in this manner, through the medium of writing, they exercised their dominion over the earth. They bored holes deep into the earth so that they could see, identity, describe, and name each and every sedimentary layer of rock according to its position in the vertical sequence from the visible surfaces of the sun lit surface of the earth down to its deepest darkest bowels where the earth’s foundation had been laid over the deepest unimaginable times, times which stretched back to the very beginning, when ‘…the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of G-d moved upon the face of the waters…’ And after the earth had been created, nothing was left without a name, everything eventually became committed to writing. The rest is history. The colonialists came in the fullness of time and imposed their hegemony by giving a name to everything. The colonizing powers left nothing unnamed or nameless, and nothing escaped textualization, everything was committed to writing and nothing was left unwritten, even the vocabularies and grammars of the indigenous languages did not escape being committed to writing. Initially armed only with the pen and alphabet and paper and good ears and skill in pronunciation and phonetics, the aboriginal vocabularies and grammars (langue) and spoken languages (parole) were diligently transcribed into writing, becoming textualized or inscripturated onto paper, and with the aid of the printing press, the words of indigenous languages began to fill the pages of books, which could now be read and studied. In the end nothing escaped inscripturation by the colonialist’s pen and printing press. From the perspective of naming and writing, one could argue that before the colonialist came the plant Moraea thomsonii did not exist as an object of botany. 
4.
To set the scene for the historical unravelling of the Global South: The age of colonialism began about 1500. The mapping of the sea route round Africa’s southern coast line began in 1482 and the trans-Atlantic voyages began in 1492. After 1500 the colonial exploitation of the Global South got underway. This also period also coincided with birth of early modernity in the West and the beginning of Global History. The early modern period stretched from time between1400 or 1500 to 1800. Important birthdays dates coinciding with the birth and development of early Western modernity: Johannes Kepler b1471, Nicolaus Copernicus b1473, Tycho Brahe b1546, Galileo Galilei b1562, Thomas Hobbes b1588, René Descartes b1596, John Locke b1632, Baruch Spinoza b1632, Isaac Newton b1643, Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz b1646, Carl Linnaeus b1707, David Hume b1711, Adam Smith b1713, Immanuel Kant b1724, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel b1770, Charles Darwin b1806, Karl Marx b1818. The dates which mark the Enlightenment or the Age of Reason ran roughly from 1685 to 1815. This period also overlap early modernity. The capitalist mode of production or the capitalist political economy came into exist roughly between 1500 and 1600. A deep abyss separated the mindscape of the colonizing Global North from the mindscape of the colonized Global South. In 1836 HMS Beagle docked at Simons Bay, Cape Town, giving Charles Darwin a three week opportunity to do some field work and specimen collecting at the Cape Colony.
5.
For millennia, in the dark depths of winter, as an inexplicable mystery the little iris had lain plainly visible in the chilly winter light, its purple flowers reminding the indigenous hunter gatherer or pastoralist that spring and summer would soon come again. Unknown and inconceivable to the passing gaze of the hunter gatherer or ancient pastoralist the purple flower was waiting to be properly identified and described and named. Was it patiently waiting for the arrival of the Age of Reason on the Highveld grasslands? What audacity! Was it waiting for the arrival of the colonialist to baptise it with its ‘proper and correct’ name. Only then would its full meaning be brought to the light of day. Only after it had been correctly assigned to the genus Moraea would it have attained the status of something which has a universally recognized and acknowledged name. Until that day it was not yet an iris. Until that day it did not fit into the order of things in the Universe. It had to wait until the colonialist finally arrived on the scene on that auspicious winter’s day. Of course the colonialist was really only playing his inexorable and irrevocable part in the historical biography of Hegel’s phenomenology of mind. As a participant in the phenomenology of mind the colonialist was destined to appear as the agent of naming and writing at the scene or stage of terra nullius and terra incognita. 
6.
As Hegel would have it, human consciousness was not static or unchanging, it was continually engaged, continually busy. It was through the progress of science converging asymptotically with the Absolute Mind that ‘true’ or ‘certain’ knowledge was growing. In this process we get a glimpse into the Mind of G-d if you wish. However, truth is always something which needs to be won. The colonialist ordering of things into their proper and natural place of significance and meaning in time and space within the evolving cosmos was not an arbitrary enterprise or exercise as Michel Foucault would have had it in his book ‘The Order of Things: Archaeology of the Human Sciences’. In the preface of his book he quotes Borges: ‘This book first arose out of a passage in [Jorge Luis] Borges, out of the laughter that shattered, as I read the passage, all the familiar landmarks of my thought—our thought that bears the stamp of our age and our geography—breaking up all the ordered surfaces and all the planes with which we are accustomed to tame the wild profusion of existing things, and continuing long afterwards to disturb and threaten with collapse our age-old distinction between the Same and the Other. This passage quotes a ‘certain Chinese encyclopaedia’ in which it is written that ‘animals are divided into: (a) belonging to the Emperor, (b) embalmed, (c) tame, (d) suckling pigs, (e) sirens, (f) fabulous, (g) stray dogs, (h) included in the present classification, (i) frenzied, (j) innumerable, (k) drawn with a very fine camelhair brush, (l) et cetera, (m) having just broken the water pitcher, (n) that from a long way off look like flies’. In the wonderment of this taxonomy, the thing we apprehend in one great leap, the thing that, by means of the fable, is demonstrated as the exotic charm of another system of thought, is the limitation of our own, the stark impossibility of thinking that.’ 
7.
Going back to the little purple iris blooming in an otherwise dormant wintery Highveld grassland the question which also comes to mind is: Who was the botanist who first named the plant within the framework of the Linnaean taxonomic system, a system based on applying a binomial nomenclature for assigning names to species? The purple flower did not exist in the world of science until it was described, given a scientific Latinized species name, and assigned to the genus Moraea. Only after being ‘written down’ did it acquire a universally recognized and acknowledged scientific, biological and taxonomic existence. It is in this sense that the colonialist ‘commits everything in world to writing, even the spoken languages or the speech and grammars and vocabularies of the native and aboriginals and the ‘writing becomes a mirror of nature’ and the very idea of writing in turn becomes a disputed philosophical concern in the ‘writings’ of Foucault and Derrida and others. The colonialist conquers the world with the power and authority of words, naming and writing. It is only by virtue of the founding words, names and writings of the colonialist that the world can become re-written, but the re-writing cannot escape the thrall of revelation embodied and incarnated in the original writings, dialectically speaking, the truth is not erased by re-writing, rather what is the truth is something which unfolds, it develops, there is no end to the re-writing of anything, see Hegel. Every re-writing is always an exercise in nostalgia. Which is a going forward by means of recollection and remembrance, because memory is ultimately subversive. We remember the Holocaust and the Gulags, and we remember the covenant G-d made with our father Abraham. G-d promised us the Land of Canaan, a land overflowing with milk and honey, and I remember from Deuteronomy: ‘A wandering Aramean was my father…’ 
8.
In connection with the naming of this particular winter-flowering wild iris, we have two names, M. thomsii versus M. stricta (Baker) to consider, and also a third name. Who was Mr Baker? This is the question that interests me. How did his name and in what capacity did it become linked to the naming of this specific wild species of iris growing in the southern part of the African continent? What we do know is that the original the type species collected from the field would have been pressed, preserved and lodged with various herbaria. All the information regarding Baker should also be in those folders if he happened to be one the collectors. Each folder with its type specimen will be under curation in some herbarium somewhere in South Africa and possibly elsewhere in the world. Inside the folder will be an A4 sized piece of stiff white cardboard, possibly now yellowed with age, on which the type specimen had been fixed. It will be fully labelled with all kinds of details such as date of collection and site of collection. Other information will include the collector’s name, title and address or scientific institution of employment or association. Was the person who lodged the type specimen one Mr Hugh Arthur Baker (1898 – 1976)? This is the only Baker which comes up in the list of authors of South African botanical taxa. A Google search reveals biographical information. The website https://peoplepill.com/people/hugh-arthur-baker/ gives the following terse biographical details: H.A.Baker, Botanist (1896-1976), scientist, botanist, male, born 1886, death 1976 (aged 80 years), Peoplepill ID: hugh-arthur-baker. The Google search also gives us the obituary of one Col H.A.Baker in the form of a pdf document which can be downloaded. Col Baker happens to be the botanist we looking for! The obituary was published in Veld & Flora December 1976. The author of the obituary was John Rourke, a specialist in the flora of the Cape Floristic Region, in particular the family Proteaceae and the author of Wild Flowers of South Africa, Struik Publishers, 1997. 



Chapter Thirty Six

1.
When we reached the beacon we sat down on a rock and surveyed the southern aspect of the skyline of Jo’burg’s inner-city. Each one of the high rise buildings or skyscrapers which both defined and anchored the familiar silhouette of the inner-city’s skyline into its historical substratum had had its day of unrivalled splendour. For example, more than 46 years ago the 50 storey concrete tower of the Carlton Centre dominated the inner-city space as the tallest building in Africa. Other iconic buildings which have become imprinted onto the city’s skyline include: The Hillbrow or Telkom or Strijdom Tower (90 storeys), The Johannesburg Sun Hotel 40 storeys, Ponte Tower 54 storeys, Marble Towers previous known as the Sanlam Building (152 m), ABSA building (140 m), Trust Bank Centre (140 m), Standard Bank Centre (139 m), and the Southern Life Centre (138 m). 
2.
On the south side of the beacon the plateau eventually run into densely vegetated rocky hills and valleys through which streams flowed. From our position next to the beacon, on the southern side, lay the ruins of the ancient kraal. We decided to go down to inspect the ruins. Through the inexorable advance of tree and bush encroachment nature had reclaimed the kraal ruins which may have been the centre of a village once upon time. ‘What is the story behind these ruins?’ Gazala asked. ‘All the rocky hilltops and ridges within the urban and peri-urban boundaries of Jo’burg have these ruins of rock or stonewall enclosed structures. They are even found on the hills of the Suikerbosrand,’ I explained as I pointed to the hills of the Suikerbosrand Nature Reserve in distance which lay about 25 km from where we stood on the Klipriviersberg hills. ‘So they found everywhere?’ ‘Yes,’ I replied. ‘Who built them?’ Gazala asked. ‘Late Iron Age Sotho-Tswana agropastoralists who lived in settled ridge and hilltop villages gazing their herds of sheep, goats and cattle on the surrounding Highveld grassland plains and growing various grain and legume crops close to the many perennial streams which had their sources in the Witwatersrand escarpment.’ ‘What happened to them?’ She asked. ‘I will get to that in moment but first I need to say something about the other humans who also occupied the plains and the surrounding rocky ridges and hills,’ I replied. ‘I am listening,’ she replied. ‘There were two different kinds of communities, the Iron Age settled agropastoralists and the San who were nomadic hunter-gatherers, both co-existing on the Highveld plains, and in all likelihood they existed in a state of conflict and tension. With respect to their social formation the Sotho-Tswana communities were socially stratified, and therefore non-equalitarian, and governed by hierarchies of social domination. In the case of the San, their system of sociality was distinctively egalitarian, social stratification and hierarchies of social domination was completely absent. The Sotho-Tswana modes of production were mainly tributary. In contrast, the San lived by foraging and hunting.’ ‘OK, now to answer your question about what happened to the people who occupied the vast Highveld plains? From the beginning the San were the first occupants. They were eventually displaced by the Sotho-Tswana tribes. And in turn the Sotho-Tswana tribes were displaced from plains in the early 19th Century (1800) during the times of the great upheaval, a period in South African history when there was a sudden eruption of a series of inter-tribal wars, conflicts, tensions and mass migrations referred to as the Difaqane or Mfecane.’  ‘What caused the Mfecane?’ Gazala asked. ‘The theories of what caused the Mfecane are highly controversial, contradictory and contested. There is the traditional theory, the revisionary theory and then the post-revisionary theory, which falsifies the revisionary theory and redeems the general thrust and dynamics of the traditional theory.’ ‘I am listening,’ Gazala prodded. ‘The traditional theory makes Shaka the chief instigator or motor or engine of the Mfecane upheaval.’ ‘Who was Shaka?’ ‘He was the founder of the Southern African Zulu Empire, and has been blamed, possibly unfairly, as the creator of the havoc which reigned in the region during his rule.’ ‘So that makes Shaka the motor of the Mfecane?’ She asked. ‘Not necessarily, it is a lot more complicated, but I have my own views, which I was briefly elaborate on after we have dealt with the revisionary theory. The revisionary dismisses the Mfecane as a conspiracy myth created by the white settlers to fulfil the role of an alibi justifying their occupation as settlers on the Highveld plains and other parts of Southern Africa. The white settlers argued that they were occupying empty or vacated territories.’ ‘How was the revisionary theory refuted?’ Gazala asked. ‘It was shown that the proponents of the revisionary theory did not have compelling and substantial documentary or empirical evidence to explain away the Mfecane as a white concocted conspiracy myth.’ ‘So the revisionary theory is in itself was a myth, the myth of the conspiracy myth!’ Gaza chuckled. ‘What do you believe?’ She then asked. ‘I believe in the post-revisionary theory which qualifies which aspects of the traditional theory are historically creditable.’ ‘How so?’ ‘I cannot here and now unpack the evidence piece for piece. However, my general theory of the predatory dynamics of self-perpetuating oligarchies supports the Mfecane or is confirmed by the Mfecane or is consistence with the occurrence of the Mfecane, whichever way you want.’
3.
‘So tell me what is your general theory and how does it apply to the Mfecane social phenomenon?’ She asked. ‘It is theory I read about in a novel called ‘The Legacy of Jomogee’s Obsession.’ ‘Oh I heard about the novel, I must read it,’ she responded. I continued: ‘Well the theory goes like this. Different forms of human sociality have evolved and the different forms can be arranged along continuum, a continuum of different forms of social formations and modes of production. At the one end of the continuum we have nomadic-hunter-gatherer-egalitarian-non-hierarchical forms of sociality and at the other end of the continuum we have the imperialist-sedentary-non-egalitarian-hierarchical forms of sociality. At the nomadic-hunter-gatherer end of the continuum we have the prevalence of anarchistic forms of sociality and at the imperialist-settled-non-egalitarian hierarchicalized end of the continuum we have the prevalence of oligarchical forms of sociality.  Shaka’s Zulu Empire was an example of an imperialist-settled-non-egalitarian-hierarchicalized system of despotic rule based on a predatory and tributary mode of production which would necessarily have been disruptive and violent over a wide spread of surrounding regions. This would have been consistent with Shaka being the motor or engine of the Mfecane which was responsible for driving the mass migrations of pastoralists from the Highveld plains including the regions into which the PWV complex now falls. ‘So it is true the white settlers did indeed discover vast empty spaces from which various tribes had fled in the wake of Mfecane,’ I finally concluded. ‘I would go along with your theory,’ Gazala responded. ‘If  same kind of conflictual phenomenon has happened everywhere throughout history, why would it not have happen among the indigenous people of Africa even before the whites came. They have never been ruled by pious angels from time immemorial, slavery was part and parcel of their own predatory and tributary modes of production, the whites and Arabs just took advantage of it for their own ends, the supply of slaves was always there, the Africans were ever ready to supply the market demands for slaves, they were forever waiting to sell their own brothers and sisters down the river, as a race they betrayed themselves when it came to slavery,’ she said. ‘I think you are being racist,’ I replied. ‘No I am not, it is the truth. People are also quick to blame the Arabs for their role in slavery. Tell me who captured the slaves? The slaves were war booty of inter-tribal wars, like you said, African oligarchies were based on tributary and predatory modes of production which included the capture and selling of slaves, they done it to themselves, they were not angels from heaven,’ she insisted
4.
Each evening after taking our chosen seats in the lounge we together checked out the Netflix movie-menu to decide, collectively, after much debate, which movie or series we should watch. I would dim the lights and we would step into another world, forgetting about the lockdown and everything else. It was a Saturday evening, it was after our walk in the nature reserve, and after debating which movie to watch we decided on watching Tarantino’s Django Unchained. Usually we would first watch the news, switching between the following news channels, BBC, CNN, SKY News, eNCA, Aljazeera, RT and FOX, catching up on Covid-19 news and also on news regarding George Floyd BLM protests. While the world was quite rightly protesting the death of George Floyd who suffocated when a policemen knelt on his neck for 8 minutes 46 seconds, in South Africa black lives did not matter that much. In contrast to the killing of George Floyd by US policemen, in South Africa there was no national or international outrage following the brutal cold blooded killing of Collins Khosa in his own backyard in the black township of Alexandra in Jo’burg on Good Friday the 10th of April 2020 by soldiers of the South African National Defence Force. During the police and military enforcement and monitoring of citizen compliance to the rules governing the lockdown in black townships the soldiers burst into Mr Khosa lounge where he was drinking a beer with family. He was not breaking any law by drinking beer in his lounge. The soldiers had no business bursting into his lounge. They dragged Mr Khosa into his yard where they beat him to death for no ascertainable rational reason. The violent assault of Mr Khosa a black man by black soldiers in his own backyard was also videoed on the cell phones of bystanders. No arrests were made and no murder case was opened. His death was due to a random gratuitous act of violence. For weeks his murder elicited nothing but callous indifference. However weeks later, forgetting the murder of Collins Khosa, South Africa were quick to officially condemn the murder of George Floyd. Gazala’s words on the matter: ‘It is OK if blacks kill blacks in South Africa.’ ‘Who was most complicit in the murder of Collins Khosa?’ Gazala challenged. ‘It was the state!’ Mahmud reported. ‘It was all the people of South Africa!’ Announced Bathsheba. Earlier in the afternoon Gazala and I had discussed the role of African complicity in the perpetration of the trans-Atlantic and trans-Saharan slave trade. The African slave trade was made possible by the complicity of Africans as key perpetrators. Ultimately everyone is complicit in the crimes against humanity. This historical conundrum reveals the extent of the juridical problem of who is most guilty of crimes against humanity within the framework of theories of complicity and perpetration. Different rules apply to different people.
5.
In this regard it is illuminating to consider George Steiner’s philosophical novella: ‘The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H.’ In this novella, after World War II Hitler manages to escape and takes refuge in the Amazon jungles of Brazil. Eventually when he is 90 years old Jewish Nazi hunters manage to capture him. However due to a number of problems arising from storms, transportation and jurisdiction problems they decide to conduct the trail of Hitler in the jungle. Defence attorneys were appointed to assist Hitler but he decides to conduct his own defence. Steiner’s fictional rendition of Hitler's speech which he made in his defence belongs to a genre of similar speeches, for example Satan's speech in Milton's ‘Paradise Lost’, and The Grand Inquisitor's speech in Dostoyevsky's ‘The Brothers Karamazov’. In his defence Hitler argues that modern Israel as a Jewish state owes its existence to the Holocaust. In Steiner’s fable Hitler measures the Nazi genocide against the far greater rolling genocides perpetrated through the moral agency of Jewish Bolsheviks in which millions upon millions of Russians died in the Gulags. We can imagine another trail in which white complicity is measured against the complicity of the post-apartheid South African government. It could be argued that the post-apartheid government was complicit in withholding HIV antiretroviral drugs resulted in the genocide of 300 000 South Africans. It could be further argued that the post-apartheid complicity of politicians in corruption has resulted in the gross violation of human rights by robbing the majority of South African of a better life in terms of job creation, health, education, water, electricity and economic development, through state capture and compradorial rent-seeking. But there is more to Steiner’s fable of the trial of Hitler in the Amazon Jungle. Hitler repeats the anti-Semitic arguments which Steiner presented in his book entitled ‘In Blackbeard’s Castle.’ Anti-Semitism is rooted in the Gentile resentment regarding the disproportionate contribution which the Jews have made to the intellectual, scientific, economic social, political, cultural and religious legacy of Western Civilization. But that is not the only symbolic or metaphysical significance of Steiner’s fables or parables as embodied in his two literary works. There is the symbolic and metaphysical significance of the Jungle versus the City. Hitler fled to the Jungle. The Jungle in contrast to the City is the realm of egalitarianism, anarchy and the absence of dominance hierarchies with regard the hunter-gatherer Indians who live in the Amazon, whereas the City is the realm of the oligarchy and hierarchies of social domination. This is the paradox of Hitler’s fictional flight to the Jungle. The paradox of Hitler’s fictional speech is that there can be no final, credible, objective and unbiased judgement of crimes against humanity under the jurisdiction of any human court or tribunal. This is because the historical precedence for the non-arrest, non-trial, non- judgment and non-punishment and general impunity, and the consequential de facto acquittal of genocidal criminals, has always been the overriding rule or state of affairs in the world. The murder of Collins Khosa is a case in point. No one will be made accountable for his death.



Chapter Thirsty Seven

1.
In the realm of non-fiction or reality, President Omar Hassan Ahmad al-Bashir of Sudan had been indicted by the International Criminal Court (ICC) for genocide and war crimes, but was not arrested when he visited South Africa, even though South Africa was an ICC signatory. As a guarantor and thereby a defender of human rights, South Africa was morally and legally obliged under international law to arrest President Omar Hassan Ahmad al-Bashir for his crimes against humanity and deliver him to the ICC. The South African government failed to honour its pledge to defend humanity against genocidal criminals and seek justice for the victims of genocide and war crimes. Piqued by the criticism of its own judiciary, and also by other governments, and by human rights activists, the South African government attempted to withdraw unconstitutionally from the ICC. By wanting to withdraw from the ICC, South Africa would join the ranks of United States, China, Russia, Israel, India and Pakistan, and other countries, thereby fulfilling the parable that there can never be any final judgment for crimes against humanity. Even the worst offenders will escape judgement and punishment. Given that there can never exist a tribunal which will have the jurisdiction and judicial authority to mete out judgment and punishment for all crimes against humanity, it is true that there will be no final judgment. It will be unjust and inconsistent to judge and punish some while the worst offenders are never brought to book, this was Hitler’s defence in Steiner’ fable. 
2.
It could be the defence of white South Africans, and it is possible that history will eventually completely absolve those who were framed as being passive-complicit-perpetrators of apartheid. Both Gazala and Mahmud felt that history would eventually completely absolve the whites from their apartheid sins because the sins of the post-apartheid political elite and the complicity of the supporting masses who keep on voting the rent-seeking compradorial class into power would eventually outweigh the historical sins of the whites. After our debate we watched Tarantino’s movie, Django Unchained.
3.
The Ship of Fools is an allegory which Plato applied in his Republic. The allegory is based on a ship being sailed by a completely inept and dysfunctional crew. The allegory portrays the problems of governance in any political system which is not based on expert knowledge. The idea of the Ship of Fool returns in the form of Sebastian Brant’s book ‘Ship of Fools’ (1494) which in turn inspired Hieronymus Bosch’s painting also called the ‘Ship of Fools’. His painting depicts an entire fleet leaving Basel on its voyage to the Paradise of Fools. Confirming that history is nothing else but the history of folly. A remnant of Bosch’s original painting is on display in the Musée du Louvre, Paris. Another painting which was part of a set of panels hinged together to form a triptych. One of the panels on the original triptych displayed a painting called the Allegory of Gluttony and Lust. There are other paintings in the triptych depicting themes which overlap with regard to their significance as artistic and allegorical representations of the machinations of rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie in the 21st century. They represent the rhetorical aestheticization of the rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie. They provide an allegorical and artistic framework for depicting all the allied social evils flowing from the mafianization of the modern nation-state which has been made possible by virtue of the absence of ‘expert knowledge’ in the governance of the modern nation-state. 
4.
What could possibly be meant by expert knowledge? Does it concern the perennial and eternal matter of acquiring Absolute Knowledge of the Truth? Indeed it does! By acknowledging this we also acknowledge the continued relevance of Hegel. It is the complete absence of ‘expert knowledge’ in the political and economic and practical and moral governance of human affairs which gives rise to the kinds of follies represented by the Ship of Fools on its voyage to the dystopian Paradise of Fools. What about nostalgia? Is not nostalgia remembrance through recollection? Is not nostalgia a kind of knowing through remembrance or recollection? Does this idea not connect Plato and Hegel in the phenomenology of mind? Is not nostalgia also a phenomenology of mind? Think of the lyric ‘I can’t stand the rain’. ‘…do you remember…’ Listen and watch the video of the cover version by Eruption on YouTube. Where I am going with all of this? I am thinking of the movies and crime series we have been watching during the lockdown.
5.
Zoom conference with Millicent. According to Millicent: In resource rich countries compradorial elites maintain political control over access and exploitation of natural resources whether it be oil, natural gas or minerals by means of repression and targeted patronage networks, in order to extract rents. Very often the rents extracted from resource exploitation are insufficient to fund either economic development through industrialization programmes or social welfare. Moreover, the compradorial elites of resource rich countries do not need their people to generate wealth. For the political elite, wealth is generated through rent extraction from resource exploitation within resource rich and capital extensive enclaves. In the case of resource poor countries economic growth and development, necessarily depends on direct foreign investment to set in motion the deployment of low cost-labour-intensive-export-oriented growth strategies to drive wealth generation, industrialization, economic growth and development, plus rent extraction. This economic growth and development strategy of resource poor countries depends on the mass mobilisation of their population into factories and manufacturing. Political elites only select this strategy out of pressing necessity. This strategy depends on ‘democratization’, and also on the development of human and social capital through investments into social welfare and education. Under the rule of a rent-seeking compradorial political elite such a low cost-labour-intensive-export-oriented growth strategies has not yet proved to be possible in the majority of resource poor countries. Studies have shown that the sustained development and growth of a diverse economy in the case of both resource rich and resource poor countries depends strongly on the level of ‘democratization’ and also on the level of corruption, patronage, rent-seeking, looting, plundering and pillaging. Usually the level of ‘democratization’ is inversely related the level of corruption and rent-seeking. The greater the level of corruption the lower the level of ‘democratization’ and consequently the higher the risk of state failure and economic collapse. Zimbabwe is an exemplary example of this political and economic scenario. Millicent believed that the difference between Zimbabwe and South Africa was only a difference of degree on a continuum of similarities, similarities which included Venezuela and Argentina. She insisted that compradorial elites usually resist meaningful ‘democratization’. In fact most rent-seeking compradorial elites have successful resisted ‘democratization’ in countries such as: Angola, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Mozambique, Democratic Republic of Congo, South Africa, Egypt, China, Libya, Algeria, Tunisia, Jordan, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Iran, Turkey, Venezuela, and so on. And then out the blue Millicent announces: ‘It is the 250 year anniversary of Hegel.’ My reply: ‘I know.’ She smiles that Millicent ironic smile, and says” ‘I thought so and the next thing you going to tell me is that you have decided to study Hegel now that something akin to a Hegelian renaissance is in the air and various renditions of Hegel has become all the rage among the intellectual classes.’ She despised the intellectual class. ‘Yeah, I have downloaded a library of eBooks by Hegel and on Hegel. My bedtime reading is Slavoj Žižek’s ‘Less Than Nothing - Hegel and the Shadow of Dialectical Materialism’. I am also reading the Hannah Zeeman book – ‘Hotazel: Journal Writings of a Lipstick Lesbian’.’ Her reply: ‘That is one Jew I cannot stand, it because of people like her that South Africa has literally gone to the dogs.’ ‘She not a Jew!’ I replied firmly. ‘How do you know?’ ‘Believe me, she is not a Jew, if anybody knows that, it is me.’ I insisted. ‘Anyway, it was radicals like her with all their insane ideas about anarchism and communism and homosexuality that are leading the world into a complete disaster, look at what is happening now in the USA especially with the BLM movement.’ Millicent replied dismissively. I did not admit this to Millicent but to me the Lipstick Lesbian was a kindred spirit. She was a biologist and an anarcho-communist, and as you know dear reader, I see myself as an anarcho-communist. Reading Hegel and the secondary literature of Hegel has helped me to see the compradorial rent-seekers in a new dialectical light. I have to admit in all modesty it was a revolutionary, mind dazzling insight, which explains everything in a dialectical sense. The rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie can only exist by virtue of inequalities in the form of hierarchies of social domination which can only be realized in terms of an oligarchical social-political-economic arrangement founded on the State and the capture of the State. The rent-seeking compradorial social formation is based on a rent-seeking political-economy. Any Marxist can see this. 
6.
Laying out of sight, naked under the bed covers in the bedroom, Gazala listened to my midnight Zoom conference with Millicent. She was not jealous or threatened by the online continuation of my relationship with Millicent even though she found Millicent an intimidating personality. Gazala was also reading on her laptop the ebook – ‘Hotazel: Journal Writings of a Lipstick Lesbian.’ Between us the views and opinions of the Lipstick Lesbian had become an ongoing topic of discussion. We had become fans of the Lipstick Lesbian. After my Zoom conference it amusing to hear Gazala ask: ‘Do you think the compradors will end up destroying South Africa completely?’ My answer: ‘It is a real possibility.’ I did not realize it then but my words would turn out to be prophetic. The service delivery protesters, fallistas, rent-seekers and other frustrated, desperate and angry malcontents were going to ignite the spark that would burn South Africa down to the ground.  Eruptions: I can’t stand the rain against my window. Gazala and I love it. It is our song, ‘…sweet memories…’ during lockdown. Read on. 
7.
A possible apocalyptic scenario: Like the pandemic, the rot of corruption in South Africa has become unstoppable, rapidly reaching epidemic proportions, spreading like a wildfire, burning out of control, metastasizing like an aggressive cancer throughout the fabric of our society, not leaving a single institution untouched, nothing was immune to its contagion. So it did not come as a surprise when the entire edifice of the South Africa radical Left, as embodied in the unionized labour movement, also self-destructed, collapsing like every other institution in the country under the weight of its own burden of corruption and malfeasance. As a self-serving class dedicated to its own self-interest, the political elite who ruled the country, have woven a web of patronage, they embarked on an unrestrained free-for-all feeding frenzy as if there would be no tomorrow. Eating their way through everything, like a plague of parasites, they hollowed out every institution in the country, no institution escaped, not the judiciary nor the hospitals nor the pension funds nor the medical aids nor the schools nor the banks or the universities nor the railways nor the public broadcaster nor the public service nor the receiver of revenue nor the police force nor the electricity generating power stations nor the sewage works or the water supply system, in the end everything which could be eaten was consumed in a mindless zombified binge of fraud, looting, plunder and pillage. Personal greed unshackled from all moral constraints resulted in the defrauding of the state coffers for personal enrichment at every opportunity. It was their time to eat. And they ate their way into oblivion. Ultimately the entire forces of production and the corresponding social formations were laid waste. Like all the other countries on the continent, the nation state called the Republic of South Africa would in all likelihood eventually cease to exist. Canned Heat – ‘On the road again’.
8.
In reality: But the turn of events did not follow any preordained script or popular expectations. The mid-term budget policy statement (MTBPS) had brought the country to the proverbial fork in the road. Even though the situation was dire, the hope that there was not going to be a total collapse seemed to sustain the majority of South Africans. We believed that we would be saved by some miraculous political intervention. I held onto the hope that reason would eventually prevail and we as a nation, acting in solidarity we would somehow find the means to pull ourselves out of the economic mess by our own boot straps. We reminded ourselves that Africa was the cradle of humanity. This is where the great human experiment began. It was in Africa that the great human drama began to unfold. This was where the human experiment endured for an uninterrupted period time of becoming what it truly means to be human. As a species we had survived for more than 300 000 years without any advanced technologies, or cities or governments or states or rulers or kings or politicians. But between 12 000 and 10 000 years ago that all come to end. Now well into the Anthropocene the world was on the brink of the ‘tipping point’. The Doors playing ‘LA Woman’. ‘…Well, I just got into town about an hour ago…’



Chapter Thirty Eight

1.
Were we facing the beginning of the end? Who knows? We as South Africans had collectively come to terms with the stark fact that our government through its own machinations had brought us to the edge of a financial abyss. State debt was ballooning out of control. State owned enterprises or the SOEs as they were called, which included corporations such as ESKOM, SAA, SABC, DENEL, PRASA and so on and so forth, were pretty much on the verge of bankruptcy. Revenue collection by the South African Revenue Services (SARS) had fallen dramatically. Everyone agreed that the state debt to GDP ratio was not looking healthy. The government had to consider cutting back on its expenditure to prevent a fiscal free fall. The number of individuals and business entities submitting income tax returns was falling. Unemployment numbers had risen sharply. ‘…Well, I just got into town about an hour ago…’
2.
There was reason for pessimism. Loading shedding was becoming more frequent. It was becoming difficult for mines to operate when electricity supply was uncertain. Manufacturing output was also being effected by the intermittent cuts in the electricity supply. Would the government have sufficient financial resources to continue paying the social grants? Where was the money going to come from to continue paying the salaries of the 1.3 million public servants employed in the national and provincial governments? Would the IMF, World Bank and China have offered the South African government a financial life-line? And what would the conditions be to qualify for the much needed financial bailouts. Would it mean the auctioning off all the SOEs including ESKOM, retrenchment of 90% of all employees in the government sector including the SOES? Of course the government would probably balk at these draconian conditions attached to any financial bailout. Was the South African state still a going concern or was it heading to becoming a failed state? The economy was in recession. 
3.
Was the Rand-based ‘official economy’ terminally sick, gasping for its last breath and on the brink of dying without a shudder or tremor. It felt like the official economy was already in a state of rigor mortis. 
4. 
In times like these one must be prepared for all kinds of eventualities. Maybe a US dollar based underground economy would come into existence if the state collapsed or disintegrated. Such an economy could be fuelled by opportunistic international crime syndicates making Jo’burg the base for a criminal financial hub. It would become like the Wild West or the Wild South.  Jo’burg could become the global centre for money laundering and its banks could operate as tax havens accepting all deposits without asking any questions. Jo’burg could be become an African Gotham City. It could become the operation centre for human, weapon, gold, platinum, mineral, uranium and drug trafficking networks. 
5.
To put you in the picture, on my instructions Millicent had managed to timeously convert all my investments into US dollars and the money had been stealthily spirited away into some offshore bank account. I was now ‘technically’ ready for life in a post-apocalyptic South African. My state of mind? I was waiting for the eruption of the apocalypse. ‘LA Woman’ ‘…Well, I just got into town about an hour ago…’
6.
Some thoughts about apocalyptic metaphysics: Zombies function as interesting or useful models in philosophy especially in the philosophy of mind or the mind body problem and also in the problem of what consciousness is. What is a Zombie? Technically speaking Zombies are bodies, human bodies, without minds or consciousness. On the other hand Ghosts are also interesting and useful models in philosophy. Technically speaking Ghosts are minds without bodies. Ghosts should at least have consciousness. These are the kinds of problems that physicalists have to wrestle with. The Zombie and Ghost problem has a long history starting with Descartes. 
7.
To be forewarned is to be forearmed. Everybody was aware of the warning signs. Everybody had some idea about how things could eventually unravel. We all knew how we had got ourselves into this situation. It was ultimately of our own making. We were complicit and so we had to take responsibility for the disaster that we were facing. We cannot really blame the government. It would be hypocritical. It was us who put the politicians in power in the first place. We had given them a free reign. We had trusted them. We believed in them. We treated them like heroes. We did not realize that this was a big mistake from the start. But we kept on believing that things would get better, that the politicians would keep their promises, that they would be honest. We did nothing to stop the emergence of a rent-seeking compradorial class. We had allowed them to come into existence. We allowed them to operate with impunity. We are all guilty. We have not been good citizens. We all suffered from a deficit of civic virtue. In the end we had not fulfilled our duties as responsible and virtuous citizens. It was our stupidity and laxity that got us into this mess. Most of us would not like to admit that we had played a part in allowing things to become so very messy in the first place. We are all very ready to deny our own complicity. So why the constant refrain of despair and hopelessness captured in the words ‘the country is so fucked up’  coming from ordinary people in the street, from people who were standing for hours in the long UIF claim queues in the sun on dirty pavements outside the various labour department offices? All the danger signs had been popping up everywhere. But everyone chose to ignore the signs of the times. We have made ourselves our own victims, if that makes any sense.
8.
A dystopian state of affairs can arise as a consequence of a number of processes operating in concert within an enabling environment which allows for greed, callousness, incompetence, and lawlessness to thrive unchecked, and where acting with impunity also become increasingly pervasive. It has often been said that all dystopias have their roots in utopian ideals. One of the first visions of a utopian paradise began with the myth of Eden. It is also believed that Plato’s ‘Republic’ represents the first serious utopian reflection on the ideal organization of society and the state. The word ‘utopia’ which signifies the kind of social, economic and political arrangements which would embody the ideal kind of world, the kind of world we can only dream of, a world in which the flourishing of human life and human happiness and human well-being exists as a realized possibility, was first coined by Sir Thomas More. Utopia which in terms of its etymology comes from the original Greek ou-topos which means 'no place' or 'nowhere' and this was the name which More gave to his isolated and remote fictionalized island.  The root ‘topos’ means place and ‘ou’ means ‘not’ or ‘no’. In the case of the word dystopia which has been derived from the original Greek dus-topos, where ‘dus’ means evil or bad. In English the Greek ‘dus’ has been rendered as ‘dys’. I think it is important to play with or explore or investigate the meaning of words such as: ‘realized possibility’, ‘utopia’, ‘dystopia’, ‘isolated’, ‘remote’ and ‘island’, especially in relation to the kinds of state of affairs in which they find their full embodiment. With regard to utopias or dystopias we are referring to spaces or places which because they share the following essential features of being ‘places’ which are ‘remote’, ‘far-away’, ‘inaccessible’, ‘secluded’ and ‘isolated’,  they can all be viewed or conceptualized as islands, islands in which certain possibilities have become realized or materialized or instantiated as lived realities. Dystopian possibilities which have become concretely or materially realized as lived realities are more common as existing states of affairs in actual space and time than we have been led to believe. Examples of recent or contemporary living embodiments of dystopias, some even existing paradoxically under the banner of utopias, include the ISIS controlled regions within the Levant in the form of the so-called Caliphate which included cities such as Aleppo and Raqqa. Other examples include the dystopia brought into existence by the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia. North Korea is another example of an existing dystopia. Afghanistan under the Taliban could also be classified generically as having all the hallmarks or diagnostic features of a dystopia.  Absence of any meaningful individual autonomy and human flourishing is the defining or paradigmatic feature of all dystopias. Any place in time and space in which human flourishing and individual autonomy and human well-being is restricted or made unattainable for whatever reason can be categorized as an actual or realized dystopia. This would include places like Somalia, Sudan, Libya, Angola, Congo, Zimbabwe, and Mozambique. In fact most of the Global South represents a cartography of dystopias.
9.
Humans are not a privileged species of animal - they are part of a finite ecosystem and are actually subjected to the constraints which characterized the dynamics of a finite ecosystem. They are also a product of evolution and extinction is a natural evolutionary process. All species are finite and will in the long run become extinct including humans. The idea that 'Man' has been endowed with special and extraordinary dignity is a mythical idea, a fairy tale. The claim underlying this idea cannot be proven or justified. Hitler, Mao, Stalin and Kim Jong-in understood or understand this. Nietzsche also understood this. The sublime shock of genocide is triggered by the revelation of this truth. Paradoxically and ironically what saves 'Man' is the kenosis of G-d. This is an idea which the Christians have stolen from Judaism. It is central to their faith. I watched a YouTube video of a Jew in Israeli who believed that Yeshua was the messiah. He was accosting Israelis at random on the street. He was carrying a copy of the Tanakh. He would open the Tanakh at Isaiah chapter 53 and read it to them starting from verse: ‘1 Who has believed our message and to whom has the arm of the Lord been revealed? 2 He grew up before him like a tender shoot, and like a root out of dry ground. He had no beauty or majesty to attract us to him, nothing in his appearance that we should desire him.3 He was despised and rejected by mankind, a man of suffering, and familiar with pain. Like one from whom people hide their faces he was despised, and we held him in low esteem. 4 Surely he took up our pain and bore our suffering, yet we considered him punished by G-d, stricken by him, and afflicted. 5 But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed. 6 We all, like sheep, have gone astray, each of us has turned to our own way; and the Lord has laid on him the iniquity of us all.’ I had grown up in a Christian ethos in South Africa, so I had no problem with Jesus. As Jew I had no reason to abuse his name or disparage his personhood or even his message. I had been the Jewish host of three deeply Christian women. In my home they were free to practise their Christianity. They did not try to convert me. They were grateful to me. Gazala and Mahmud were atheists. We all got on. Religion and belief was not a source of conflict. If Yeshua was G-d then I don’t think he was going to send any sincere believer in the G-d of Abraham and Isaac and Jacob to eternal damnation. Whosoever calls on the name of Lord will be saved. I believed that. 
10.
The Bible contains countless narrative templates for what we call the film noir genre. The Bible and even the Gospels and the rest of the New Testament are filled with pessimism, fatalism and menace, and a sense of pervading and impending doom. In the Tanakh as is the case in countless instances of history, evil is always banal, and whenever it is committed it is usually the inadvertent consequence of ignorance, incomprehension, misunderstanding, short-sightedness, or just plain stupidity. These are the conditions which make evil possible. Evil would not exist otherwise. Like Jesus said, forgive them for they do not know what they do. It is strange to hear a Jew quoting Jesus. As I have already confirmed, I have nothing personal against Jesus. I never personally suffered as a Jew because of Christianity or because of Jesus. The Christian world has become Jew friendly and pro-Israel. It is so for Evangelical Christians like Wendy who is Chinese. Blame is universal when it comes to evil, no one can escape that blame, everyone is complicit, and everyone, even the victim shares some responsibility for the presence of evil in the world. Everyone is guilty because they know not what they do. This sounds like Calvinism. Maybe Calvin was correct. Maybe he understood the Bible correctly, who knows? I am not going to condemn Calvin out of hand without trying to understand his point of view. 
11.
Continuing on themes relating to the all-embracing dystopian phenomenon of evil, especially regarding the ubiquitous prevalence of evil in the post-Neolithic history of humankind, it ironical that both FRELIMO while it was still a Marxist orientated political movement, and R W Johnson in a recent article, have both expressed converging theoretical analyses regarding the roots of the post-colonial failure of liberation movements. They jointly locate the roots of this failure in the persistence, into the post-colonial situation, of the ideologies of pre-colonial social formations which have now re-materialized once more in the 	form of tributary political economies or modes of production. This material situation of extraction and accumulation has been ideologically self-perpetuated in a hegemonic fashion across several historical disjunctures. It has remained firmly entrenched before and after settler colonization, meaning that the extractive and tributary modes of accumulation have been carried over into the social formation of the post-colonial nation state. Here we have the mundane and banal self-perpetuation of evil. FRELIMO intellectuals spoke about the feudal nature of pre-colonial chiefdoms and kingdoms. The FRELIMO thinkers were correct, the pre-colonial world was far from idyllic. It was oppressive and exploitative and dehumanizing. It possessed its own banalities of evil. FRELIMO spoke about the perpetual threats to the liberation struggle and revolution which were present and persistent in pre-colonial social formations, and which were based on the entanglement of patronage with tributary modes of production and tributary modes of accumulation by headmen, chiefs and kings. Like Marx wrote, the material conditions of production determines the social consciousness. This the average tribal person was under the influence of his own false consciousness, he believed in the inherent tributary and extractive rights of headmen, chiefs and kings. The chief or king could demand tribute from his subjects because that was the order of things. No one questioned it. So the FRELIMO intellectuals were correct in their fears that a tributary or extractive mode of production or political economy would re-emerge under post-colonial conditions, with a new lease of life. This is a ground breaking acknowledgement in critical theory and provides a new perspective on the failure of post-colonial governments in the Global South. A failure based on not recognizing an ontogenetic recapitulations of pre-colonial social formations following de-colonization. This recapitulation has been inaugurated by the political rule of the so-called liberation movements. And its goes a long way to explain the rise of the rent-seeking compradorial bourgeoisie under the guise of African Nationalism This convergence of discoveries within the framework of critical theory includes Fanon opinions on reasons for the failure of post-colonial governments. It also invites us to renew and to seek a paradigm shift in the Marxist based historical materialist analysis of the failure of so-called post-colonial liberation movements and why they inevitably morph into nationalist movements controlled by the rent-seeking comprador. Verdict: So everyone has been both victim and complicit perpetrator in the evils of precolonial and post-colonial social formations. Yes! And the colonials were clever enough to build their exploitation of the natives and natural resources by re-enforcing and protecting the pre-colonial feudal and tributary tribal arrangements between chiefs and kings and their subjects. Yes, how else could the colonialists effect their colonization? Everyone was complicit in some way in the perpetuation of evil. Historically, while FRELIMO was still a Marxist movement it also addressed the problematic and threats arising from the possible perpetuation and persistence of pre-colonial predispositions with regard to tributary-based political economies and their corresponding social formations, which could provide the historical grounds and ideological framework that would enable the rise of the post-colonial rent-seeking compradorial phenomenon. The post-colonial kind of wealth accumulation based on rent-seeking has deep pre-colonial roots, and this is something which many Leftists have overlooked. As a pyscho-social-political phenomenon it goes back to the pre-colonial oligarchical social formations which existed throughout the continent and everywhere else in the world since the end of the Palaeolithic, and for more than 10 000 years it has been based on chiefdomships and kings and feudal structures and patron-clientelism and tributary modes of production, a social arrangement existing since dawn of the Holocene, and which prevailed before and after colonialism. Nothing of this has vanished in the so-called Third World, it has just re-emerged under the banner of African Nationalist politics in the modern era of the 21st century.



Chapter Thirty Nine

1.
It is the 20th March 2021. A third wave of Covid-19 infections has suddenly erupted and the new contagion was spreading rapidly. The virus has mutated again and this strain was proving to be more virulent than the previous strains. People are dying in great numbers. The hospitals are overwhelmed. And to add to the wows besetting the country, serious conflicts and polarization have also arisen between the various factions within the governing party. The ongoing gangster machinations of the mafia state reminded us of the kind of violent scenarios which arise when a cocaine drug cartel in Mexico or Colombia begins to breakup because of differences between the various drug lords. News reports continued to vaguely speculate about imminent arrests of high profile politicians who had been under the National Prosecuting Authority’s (NPA) spotlight for some time. To be arrested for racketeering or for any criminal offences linked to corruption would be catastrophic for any high ranking member of the compradorial elite. For the rent-seeking comprador to lose power or status or rank in the political hierarchy would be tantamount to losing everything. It would mean being locked out of the patronage networks, and this meant not only total political oblivion but also impoverishment, humiliation and disgrace. 
2.
Those who had been fingered as suspects by the NPA were now becoming increasingly desperate. As a whitewashing political exercise aimed at exculpating themselves from any criminal allegations and at the same time wishing to endear themselves politically to the impoverished masses they used every opportunity to grandstand on a populist platform. And as the net of the criminal justice system began to close in on them their populist rhetorics of radical economic transformation grew ever shriller. It was a politics of spectacle that become increasingly frightening to behold. If there ever was such word to describe their shenanigans then the most fitting word would be: ‘Escobar-esque’. Like Pablo Escobar, they were crooks presenting themselves as champions of the poor, the disempowered, the jobless, the homeless, the oppressed and the hopeless. 
3.
When a member of the high ranking political elite faces the prospect of being severed from the patronage networks he or she becomes as dangerous as a wounded African buffalo or African bull elephant. Any threat involving loss of position and power within the ranks of the political elite was certain to trigger a split in the party and possibly even a civil war in the country. Having become fans of the Netflix Narcos series we began to see the rent-seeking compradorial elite as a species of criminal sharing many of moral attributes which typified Latin American narco-traffickers. In South Africa, journalists, whistle-blowers, witnesses, police officers, prosecutors, magistrates, judges, leaders of civil society, clergymen, union leaders, academics, and Leftists were now being murdered at an alarming rate. South Africa was beginning to look increasing like Colombia and Mexico. The turf wars between the compradorial elites in South Africa were not strictly speaking comparable to those of the Latin American drug lords which were over access to drug markets, but instead the wars between the South African compradorial elites were over access to ‘rents’. ‘….Girl you are my darling angel…’
4.
Multiple danger signs of South Africa’s imminent apocalyptic self-destruction were overwhelming evident everywhere. The question on everybody’s mind was: When would it happen? The rational answer: The ways things were going it could be any moment. ‘…I want to show the nation my appreciation…’ As a country we were teetering on the brink of the frightening unknown. There was no way that we could escape our fate. ‘…Girl you are my angel…’ Whatever it was going to be it was going to happen. Nothing could save us from that precipitous free-fall into the abyss of total collapse. At any moment the state could cease to function. ‘…life is a party while you are still you’re still young…’ 
5.
And then it happened. But at the same time the fuse was lit. Mass arrests of various politically connected high-profile personalities began to make headline news. And for a moment, unaware of the imminent and real danger, the public heaved a sigh of relief. It appeared that at last order would be restored and things would now return back to normality with the all the malcontents safely behind prison bars. Hope had returned to the country. The dark night appeared to be ending. A new dawn was breaking. The long winter was over. The green shoots of spring would soon be sprouting. And of course, it was hoped that the economy would once more gain traction, that business confidence would be restored, that direct foreign investment would flow once more into the country and unemployment levels would drop.  
6. 
False interlude. It was not to be. It was only the calm before the storm. Following the ongoing witch hunt and mass arrests of high profile politicians, businessmen, police officers, militarily officers and government officials the situation did not magically change for the better as expected. The frequent power outages continued, sometimes for as long as three days. During the intermittent interludes when electricity supply was restored, conflicting and unverified news about the eruption of war between the different political factions within the governing political establishment continued to leak sporadically into the public domain mainly via digital news media and social media such a Twitter, WhatsApp and Facebook. So it seemed that the mass arrests had only increased the intensity of criminal machinations within the ruling party, thereby heightening the political instability within the country. There had been warnings that the mass arrests would spark a civil war. Then to everyone’s surprise, the unexpected, indeed the unthinkable, actually happened. Mass jail breaks began, and the escapees, now viewed as dangerous criminals, went into hiding and the manhunts often ended in a wild shootouts with casualties on both sides.
7.
Civil war. The cat and mouse game between prison escapees and the police and military continued for weeks on end. Military roadblocks sprung everywhere and shoot on sight night curfews became the norm. And as expected the incidents of sabotage and assassinations began to escalate. In effect the country had descended into state of civil war. Fuel depots, shopping malls, police stations, courts, government buildings, water supply infrastructure, power stations and the electricity supply grid became prime targets for bombing and sabotage. News blackout had been imposed. It seemed like that the government has ceased to function. Or that the country had become ungovernable. All communication systems had collapsed. Except for a few like us, no one else in South Africa had Internet or radio or TV or cell phone connectivity, and there were also no newspapers. 
8.
All electrical power supply had ceased. And the civil war continued to rage on for months on end. Via our satellite connection we watched South Africa burning on the TV screen in the lounge. Switching from one news channel to the next, it felt like we were watching a documentary on a civil war taking place in another country. We watched footage of mass starvation, mass killings, piles of dead bodies, mass graves, violent unrest, looting of shopping malls, burning down of malls, burning of trucks, and military engagements. South Africa had gone beyond the terminal stage of becoming a failed state. It had ceased to exist as a place. It had become a non-existent country, a non-place or no place if you like. For those of us who had miraculously survived, the better life promised for all would now be postponed for all eternity.
9.
During those dark months, from our vantage point on the patio on the hill where we had once enjoyed watching so many sunsets we could now see columns of black smoke billowing wherever we happened to cast our gaze. At night we could see the blaze of fires burning everywhere, with the glow of flames leaping on the horizon. From the safety of the highest ridge in the Klipriviersberg Nature Reserve we gazed upon the fiery eclipse of the once ionic skyline of the Jo’burg inner-city. It was ablaze, the flames of the towering inferno seemed to reach to the very heavens. And then a great tide of silence engulfed the landscape for as a far as the eye could see and the ear could hear from the elevated vantage point of the patio on the hill. No more fires or billowing columns of smoke or the sounds of bomb explosions or gunfire or artillery fire. There was no sign of human life anywhere. For days on end the breeze carried the nauseating stench of death. 
10.
The Hebrew word ‘hurban’ means destruction, catastrophic destruction, bordering on total annihilation, it is something the Jews as a people have faced repetitively throughout their history, and the Jews are the only people in history who have survived the aftermath of the utter destruction of their homes, settlements, villages, cities and land or country. Against all odds the history of the Jews has never ended. I am reminded of the Book of Lamentations written in response to the sacking of Jerusalem and the destruction the first temple by the Babylonians in 586 BCE. I write my own rendition of Lamentations 1, verse 1 as follows: ‘Alas, how lonely sits the city, once full of people, she who was once great among nations, has now become like a widow (or tributary)...’ Jeremiah howls with grief at the unbelievable spectacle of destruction. Of course the inner-city of Jo’burg is not Jerusalem and I am not a Jeremiah. I am Joshua, the one who wanted to join to Rafi on the West Bank as a settler to rebuild Jerusalem and to reclaim the original borders of the Promised Land.
11.
How does a country collapse? In order to answer this question we need to establish what constitutes a country. So the basic question that needs to be answered is: What is a country? What makes a country a country? How does any country come into existence? All these questions are interrelated. At the start it should be noted that all countries exists essentially as political entities. It also means that any country can only exist by virtue of it being a political entity. What does it mean for something to be a political entity? What is the meaning of the word ‘political’? What does the concept of the political entail? A political entity can only exist when certain states of affairs have become fully institutionalized. And we can add to this that it can only exist as an unnatural or a contrived state of affairs. The word ‘contrived’ as used in this context carries the following freight of meanings: deliberately created to satisfy social class interests rather than arising spontaneously in a natural manner, it is something which artificial, forced, unnatural, false, manufactured, fabricated and so on and so forth.  As a political entity or as a state of affairs which can refer to as being ‘political’, it is not a natural entity or natural state of affairs as would be the case for a termite colony or a beehive or even the human hunter-gatherer forms of Palaeolithic sociality. In contrast to these natural systems of animal sociality and human hunter-gatherer forms of sociality, the political can only exist as an arbitrary man-made synthetically weaponized artefact contrived and constructed and imposed for the sole purpose of institutionalizing the social domination and class interests of a ruling political elite over passive disempowered masses. 
12.
This is what Hobbes’ Leviathan actually represents in reality. Hobbes’ commonwealth in the embodiment of his gigantic artificial person or body politic is actually a dystopian monster. In contrast to Hobbes’ commonwealth,  the state of nature in which humans and other allied species of hominins once existed and survived as ‘animals’ for more than 300 000 years was based on evolved forms of sociality which were essentially egalitarian in nature, and which was maintained by a radical sense of fairness and equality based on moral categorical imperatives. Humans and other allied species of hominins were essentially by nature highly ‘moral animals’. Moral forms of behaviours and emotions increased fitness and survival and thus these forms of behaviours which were egalitarian in nature were based on social adaptations that were preserved and perpetuated by natural selection. In contrast, the Hobbesian commonwealth actually represented the kingdom of darkness. Hobbes idea of the natural condition of humanity in a state of nature is not supported by palaeoanthropology and evolutionary biology. During the Palaeolithic epoch human life was not inherently violent and awash with fear. Nor was the human state of nature characterized by ‘war of every man against every man.’ In fact during this time, while in a state of nature, humans like most other animals were not constantly seeking to destroy one another. It was when human transitioned from living in state of nature to living in a settled and sedentary state of urbanization within the unnatural realm of the human created Oligarchical City that violence between individuals became a way of life and this violence did not disappear, instead it became institutionalized in Hobbes’ Leviathan social contract. Hobbes’ Leviathan can only exist in the form of a dystopia. The birth of the country in the form of a nation-state represents the incarnation of the Oligarchical City at large, or in other words the Oligarchical City unbounded, unrestricted, unlimited within its political boundaries or spheres of sovereignty which encapsulates both human lives and everything else within its geographical borders. This is the ‘…Monstrous dimensions of the Leviathan. ‘…she is a good girl…’ ‘…And I am free falling…’
13.
What kind of state of affairs does the political represent or rather embody? The beast or monster or dystopia or Frankenstein or Leviathan, all of which can be collectively referred to as the ‘oligarchy’, encapsulates the essential nature of the kinds of state of affairs which gives rise to the political or which constitutes the existence of the political in its all-pervasive dystopian reality. As a political entity a country usually exists as an independent or autonomous self-governing sovereign nation-state occupying a territory demarcated by internationally recognized borders. As a political entity a country is sustained by an economy, a political economy to be more precise. A country is also governed by a state incorporating multiple state-linked institutions. The nation of a country is comprised of its citizens and all citizens are members of the country’s nation. The citizens of a country’s nation may be homogenous or heterogeneous in terms of race, identity or ethnicity. It is natural for countries to vanish from history through a process of self-destruction. Countries bring about their own self-destruction. A country will self-destruct following the implosion of its economy, the incapacitation of its utilities especially with regard to the provision services such as electricity and water, and the collapse of its state, including all the state institutions. The economy and the state of a country does not usually collapse overnight by itself. The seeds of a country’s destruction are sown deep within its political institutions.
14.
In the realm of the political the average individual citizen is someone who exists in an atomized passive solitary non-autonomous state, possessing no meaningful agency or control with regard to fundamentally ameliorating his or her condition of powerlessness. The obliteration of civil society marks the beginning of the collapse of a country.
15.
The oligarchy versus democracy represents a false dichotomy. Why? Because there is no such thing as a classless society free of political elites and free of powerless citizens. The dichotomy vanishes, because in all societies or social formations every individual citizen can be assigned to a rank within a hierarchy of social classes. Instead of the false dichotomy we have a continuum of different kinds of oligarchies, each one representing a different instantiations of the oligarchy.  The different species of oligarchical political arrangements all belong to the same genus, the genus oligarkhia, which means government by the few over the many. All post-Neolithic social formations which have ever existed over the last 10 000 to 12 000 years have been governed by the few over the many. Therefore without exception, all Holocenic societies or social formations, over the past 12 000 years or so, have undergone social differentiation and social stratification, resulting in class formation and the organization of classes into hierarchies of social domination irrespective of the apparent degrees of meaningful democratic participation enjoyed by the citizens. The concept of degrees of meaningful democratic participation means nothing more than empty tokenism. The exercise of democratic rights in the form of a vote is nothing more than an illusion of democracy. The ‘democratic vote’ is the greatest ally and free gift for the oligarch. As Henry Ford said with regard to the Model T Ford: ‘Any customer can have a car painted any colour that he wants, so long as it is black.’ Where is this line of argumentation taking us? It taking to us anarchism. It is either anarchism or dystopia. Anarchism is the legacy of 300 000 years or more of hominin evolution. 
14.
It was my upbringing in our humble home in Witfield where we as a small family lived in a bubble of heaven which Clifford Swift the orphan and Maria Sánchez the runaway Mozambican Spaniard had created for themselves and me which opened up my mind to all the alternative possibilities regarding how human life could be lived. I weep when I think of my father and my mother. What splendid people they were! They were anarchists without realizing it. I have often wondered whether I had made the right decision in converting to Judaism. Did I let my father and mother down? I don’t think so. I have gone down the road thus far in being a Jew. I have given my life to Judaism and the Jews. All I can now do is mine the eternal treasures of my adopted Jewish heritage for confirmation of my political convictions. The Jew has always been haunted by the abiding and imminent threat of the rising tide of dystopia. It has been his shadow which has followed him wherever he has wondered as a foreigner in the strange and hostile urbanscape of the Godless City.



Chapter Forty

1.
After some tinkering Mahmud managed to get the satellite signal encoder and decoder working again. Once more we had access to Google and could stream Netflix movies and news from CNN, RT and Aljazeera. As nation states most of the countries in central and southern African have ceased to exist. These countries which include Angola, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania, Malawi, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Namibia, Swaziland, Lesotho and South Africa, now exist in name only, their names and national borders exist only on maps. The Jihadists had conquered the entire Indian Ocean seaboard from Somali to Maputo in Mozambique. In a tidal wave of genocide they had slaughtered tens of millions. In South Africa the Union Building in Pretoria had been blown up and the statue of Mandela had been toppled, it is now laying on its face. The same fate had also occurred for the Mandela statue in Mandela Square in Sandton City, it too was laying on its face.
2.
I managed to contact Zhang in China. We had a Zoom conference. This is what we learnt from him: A fleet of Chinese aircraft carriers and warships were now cruising the Indian Ocean coastline off Africa. They had established a naval base at Durban harbour. Zhang urged us to make our way to Durban immediately. We would be rescued with the surviving Chinese expats in southern and central Africa who were now flocking in a militarized conveys to Durban. He was able to offer us all positions in his laboratory. He could also organize permanent residence for us in China. No problem! I was his dear supervisor and also his father who had saved him and now it was his turn to help my students and me. He was emphatic, China would become my new home. I remembered the surreal details of saving Zhang. To make extra money Zhang had teamed up with a brain surgeon from the UK who was working at the Johannesburg General Hospital, a colossal rectangular shaped architectural monstrosity built on the crest of the Parktown ridge, a blight to the landscape. Anyway to cut a long story short he and the brain surgeon would travel on weekends to outlying rural towns mainly in the Limpopo and Mpumalanga Provinces where they would set up their street vendor operation selling Chinese manufactured watches, costume jewellery, cell phones and other electronic gadgets. They were both arrested as illegal traders because they did not have the requisite trading permits. The brain surgeon was released after paying a fine. However Zhang was detained in a crowded prison cell filled with all kinds of undesirables in Middleburg as an illegal immigrant. He was stuck there for six weeks while we engaged with the home affairs government officials to prevent his deportation back to China. Zhang was not only running a business on the side, he had also joined a Chinese Pentecostal Church which had a transient membership made up of Chinese migrants who had stopped over in Jo’burg, becoming converted to Christianity during their short stay before setting off with their Bibles to other global destinations such as the US. The pastor of the church and I travelled to Middleburg to secure Zhang’s release. Following his release Zhang told us that he had a vision of Jesus while in a crowded communal prison cell. In his words: ‘The Lord told me that I must not worry, my release from jail was imminent.’ He said the other prisoners noticed that he was smiling: ‘Why are you smiling?’ they demanded. ‘Jesus has informed me that in three days’ time I will be released,’ he answered. And sure enough, on the third day he was released. It was through Zhang that I discovered that Maoism as an ideology was as good as dead. On the 1st of October 1949 China embraced a Maoist version of Marxism as its guiding ideology. Forty years later Marxism and Maoism had become completely meaningless to many, if not most Chinese citizens, as I discovered through my research collaborations with my colleagues in China. 
3.
They have all left, Gazala as well, I decided to stay behind. I gave them the Tucson. They had five Jerry tanks of petrol which I had stashed in the garage, it was sufficient fuel to get them to Durban. They were armed. As you know, Mahmud and I managed get weapons and ammunition. They left me with one pistol and an AK 47. Now finally I am alone, there is no one else in the world. It is all over now baby blue. They left early in the morning in September 2022 just before sunrise. I will remember forever the sky at dawn just after their departure. In the east just above the ridge there were low lying ripples of red coloured clouds which faded into pink before gradually turning grey blue as I watched the sky following their departure. This rippling pattern of low thin cloud formation meant that a cold front was on its way. I was no completely alone. The Supremes: ‘Someday we will be together’. But now: “…all I wanna to do ah is cry, cry, cry…’ I listen to one of Gazala’s favourites. Eurythmics – ‘Love is a stranger’.
4.
What has happened? I am empty of all emotion. I feel numbed. Let me be as clinical as possible. The country has been plunged back into a primeval state of darkness. The intersecting chain of causes which put the country on its trajectory to extinction were complex and multiple. As a prelude to what was going to come, the lights went out one by one in towns and cities, then a civil war broke out, raging throughout the land, degenerating into a nihilistic orgy of terror and violence. And when the war eventually burnt itself out, the dark shadow of famine and disease fell upon the land. In its dying convulsions the country underwent a catastrophic demographic collapse due to starvation and successive waves of the Covid-19 pandemic. One day history will show that it was a self-inflicted Holocaust. And as millions upon millions of unburied corpses turned into skeletons, bleached white in the sun, grinning with vacant sockets into the emptiness of azure skies in the day and into the indifferent vastness of star studded velvet black skies at night, a deep silence descended over the empty towns, cities, plains, valleys, koppies, mountains, grasslands, savannahs, deserts, forests, farmlands and beaches. For thousands of kilometres the rolling waves of the Indian and Atlantic Oceans crashed soundlessly onto empty beaches which lined the shores of South Africa. And what do I do? I put on my ear phones and I watch YouTube music videos on my laptop. Steppenwolf: ‘Magic Carpet Ride’ (Version 1969). Bachman Turner Overdrive: ‘You ain’t seen nothing yet (1974). Roger Daltrey (of The Who) doing ‘Baba O'Riley’ Irish folk music style with Sinead O Connor, and with full orchestra backing. ‘…don’t raise your eyes…’ Tina Turner – ‘Better be good to me’. The Beverly – Tina Turner live in concert, sold out.  Great YouTube video, I think. I watch it over and over again. The video starts with her silhouette against a full moon. Then the scene shifts to her walking down stairs in high heels onto the stage. A snarling fanged creature with glowing eyes and bright red tongue fills the screen, the snarling fanged creature fades out, and Tina Turner’s bright red lipstick face replaces the disappearing snarling creature, her face stern and intense, she snarls: ‘…prisoner of you love…’ This particular video makes me think of Millicent and our last days together before she left. I suddenly feel guilty about lots of stuff. ‘… be good to me…’  The hours go by, my ears are sore from the ear phones. The AK 47 is always in easy reach, I carry it with me wherever I go. I have learnt how to use it. Millicent would be surprised no doubt. I am not that pathetic. If I ever got to Israel I would be a good settler. I would want to regain every inch of real estate of the Promised Land even if it meant by the barrel of a gun. 
5.
Since Gazala had left with the others I have logged each passing day. Today, looking at the calendar on Google, I realize that a year has gone by without incident. For all I know I could be the only person left in the world. Unlike a ‘Defoenian’ archetypical shipwrecked Robinson Crusoe on some remote island lost in an infinite ocean, the island of silence and solitude on which I now survive as a castaway happens to be my own home. It became like an island of silence and solitude because there is no sign or sight or sound of human life anywhere. I am writing as one who is terminally ill. In the absence of appropriate life-saving surgical intervention by a cardiac specialist I do not have much time left. The tightness, pain and discomfort in my chest comes and goes. At home in familiar surroundings is where one who is dying wants to be. The places we call home have been invested with personal significance. We all possess an idea of what constitutes a home. It is more than a mere place or a demarcated or bounded or isolated space, it is the structural and functional centre or hub of a complex life support system, and it is also a world. I was the one who decided to stay behind, because there was nowhere for me to flee given my personal circumstances. Leaving was a gamble. There was a chance that they would not get to Durban alive. There was also the real chance that the stress of the journey would hasten my death. If I was going to die, I wanted to die in the familiar surroundings of my own home. And so I have stayed behind and with each passing day I have watched the rising tide of nature engulf the surrounding urbanscape. 
6.
There are underlying processes and dynamics operating within every landscape or cityscape or urbanscape which chronotopically connect time with space and place. Through the processes and dynamics of natural bush encroachment, the progressive invasion of place and space by weeds or vegetation, and insects and amphibians and reptiles and birds and mammals also represents the materialization of time within the dimensions of space and place. Animal and plant recolonization of emptied or vacated or degraded spaces and places, previously occupied by humans, represent processes and dynamics by virtue of which the passage of time becomes materialized in space, and we consequently have the phenomenon of a natural history of place or a space. And the same applies to the phenomenon of vegetation succession or succession in the form of the succession of microfauna and microflora species on animal dung or on rotting fruit or on decaying vegetation or on a decomposing animal or a human corpse. Succession in all of these instances involve successive waves or sequential waves of colonization by different species on a given substrate. Colonization and succession represents a natural kind of chronotope, a chronotope of ecosystems. On the human scale, successive colonization and re-colonization of land masses, continental land masses, also represents from a value-free perspective, a natural kind of chronotope. The geological stratigraphical column or the sequential arrangement of different rock sequences is another example of a chronotope. And to repeat once more, mainly to drive the point home: Successive waves of human colonization or invasions of continents is also a further example of a chronotope and nothing more than that. In Bakhtin’s book ‘Dialogic Imagination’ the chronotope represents the primary means or medium for the materialization of time in space and this materialization of time in space becomes the underlying basis or the conditions of possibility for the development or emergence or realization of the narrative. In this context roads and streets are good examples of chronotopes. In fact in the setting or context of the cityscape or urbanscape, streets, places and spaces are all common chronotopes. Vegetation in the context of invasion, colonization and succession can also be considered a chronotope. Each kind of chronotope becomes or embodies or incarnates or articulates or even exemplifies its own narrative. Its text is immanent. The medium is the message. The medium speaks. The text is embodied in the chronotope and the chronotope can be read as if it were a text. Diagnosis of a terminal illness or condition or disease or malady can become a chronotope in which its specific determinative or characteristic narrative is articulated with respect the infection and the progress of the illness through all its stages. The chronotope constitutes the matrix or medium or vehicle or place in which the principle or determinative temporal and spatial sequences of events, episodes, encounters, relationships, processes and dynamics occur, converge, intersect, diverge, become entangled, or are woven together into the tapestry of a narrative. What happens when towns and cities are abandoned? They are reclaimed by nature, by animals, and also by plants with their roots, and fungi with their mycelium, and bacteria with their surface adhering biofilms. Roads, street, avenues and highways exist as chronotopes, and with the passage of time following their abandonment cracks begin to form in the roads and streets and avenues, and the seeds of weeds, grasses and trees become trapped in the cracks, and the seeds germinate, and the relentless encroachment or invasion of vegetation continues, crossing all boundaries, silently creeping into the empty or vacated or abandoned cities. The silent invasion of the ruins of abandoned urbanscapes by vegetation is the archetypical exemplification of a post-dystopian chronotope. It represents a return to ‘normality’, to the cyclical time of phenology. Phenology is the study of the periodic events of biological life cycles, such as: The seasonal timing of leaf emergence and leaf senescence. The seasonal timing of flowering. The seasonal timing of the arrival and departure of migratory birds and bats. The seasonal timing of the development of the conspicuous breeding plumage of certain species of birds. Also the diagnosis of a terminal disease can become a chronotope embodying its own narrative. A post-apocalyptic chronotope would be the rise of forests and jungles within abandoned cities. One can imagine the concrete towers of buildings of forgotten cities persisting for centuries as monuments protruding above the canopies of the enclosing forests. Roman stone and masonry structures still exist after 2000 years. Will the charred remains of Jo’burg’s inner-city rise above the invading forest of trees in two thousand years’ time?
7.
The temporal sequence of the different layers of sedimentary rocks, separated by sharp boundaries, with each layer uniquely recognizable, represents a geological or stratigraphical chronotope which embodies a chronostratic timescale. Using radioactive isotopic dating methods, each layer in the sedimentary sequence can be dated in terms of absolute time units, such as years before the present, thereby providing a chronometric timescale, which can be superimposed over the otherwise static vertical spatial distribution of rock layers making up the stratigraphical rock column, thereby also providing a chronostratigraphic map of the past into the present. Frozen in time the immobile or static vertical sequence of different layers of sedimentary rock which make up the stratigraphical column coincides with a temporal order of geological events, thereby providing a window into the deep past or into ‘deep time’ measured on a geological time scale. The layers sedimentary rocks making up the top to bottom vertical series of divisions in a stratigraphical column can in turn be mapped onto the different age related geological eons, epochs and periods, measured in years into past from the present time. Starting from present or the top the stratigraphical column of rock we have the following geological eons: Phanerozoic, Proterozoic and Archaean. 



Chapter Forty one

1.
After they had left I spent the passing days and weeks and eventually months which turned into years in solitude and reflection. My life continues to hang on a fragile thread which could snap at any moment. I feel the imminence of the end in my chest. My body clings doggedly to its life. What a strange thought, but it is true. However, I have spent the time putting my life in order as were. I read the Torah and study the Talmud, and I also pray incessantly to the Lord. This may strike you as strange, but in my solitude I have discovered the companionship of G-d. I think of the solitude of Elijah in the wilderness after he fled from an angry Jezebel. I think of Moses alone on the west side of the wilderness close to Mount Horeb while pasturing Jethro’s flocks. I feel like the character Jacob in Singer’s book ‘The Slave’. I have read the book again. If we look critically or analytically or scientifically at the whole of human history what do we expect to find? Progress or repetition or even progress within repetition? What kind of progress and what kind of repetition do we find? What is the pattern of history? What does the broad canvas of history actually look like? It is argued that we cannot escape our own time. 
2.
Philosophy has its own time captured in thought (Hegel). The progress of history can only really be measured in terms of the realization of freedom (Hegel). History is supposed to be a story of progress towards freedom. But we cannot predict the future. What do we discover in historical retrospection? We discover that Hegel was wrong about the progression of the stages of history. Revolutionary reconstitution of the political class within the framework of the oligarchy has been the order of history. What is the next stage of history going to be? Can history be changed? What is the strict or natural laws of history? What is the foundation for these laws? Does it have a foundation which does not require any justification? Unassailable. Verbal narcotics. I listen to the YouTube lectures of Victor Gijsbers, Universiteit Leiden. Even for Hegel, history is indeed little more than the register of crimes, follies and crimes of mankind. Hegel did not see this. There was much which Hegel could not see or foresee. The state has been re-engineered as a vehicle for accumulation through looting, plunder, pillage, fraud and theft by a self-appointed corrupt political class made up of an elite bent on self-enrichment to the exclusion of everything else. The machinery of consciousness and the consciousness of the machinery of consciousness – this is what Hegel was really trying to unravel. While the emergent, developing and evolving possibilities of everything that we refer to as Nature or Reality exists only by virtue of it always being a totality under laws or subject to laws, or laws which we can discover through the work of science to be the actual Laws of Nature, but this knowledge can never fully encompass the Truth in the form of Absolute Knowledge of everything which exists because that Knowledge only becomes a possibility at the end of all time or the end of History, as Hegel wrote: ‘The owl of Minerva spreads its wings only with the falling of the dusk.’ What Hegel seems to be implying by this is that only at the end of all History, not merely human history, will it be possible for any self-conscious intelligent being to come to a true understanding of the developmental logic of that History, or in other words, the developmental logic underlying the processes which gave rise to that History. And the possibility of understanding this History from a human perspective is also part of the developmental logic of that History. Only once we fully achieve this understanding can we reconcile our understanding with the Truth of that History, which represents Universal History. This developmental logic represents the logic by virtue of which emergent properties of increasing complexity arise within time or otherwise within history. This process of understanding the processes encompassed in the developmental logic of History involves the recognition through the operation of reason, the intelligibility of the actual processes resulting in the realization of History. The processes of understanding and the products of that understanding are generated by the work of science. Marx and Hegel - about whether Hegel was really standing on his head or feet? A compelling case can be made that regarding Hegel writings in regard to the developmental logic of History he was actually standing on his feet, the work of spirit or consciousness or mind cannot occur without the materialization of the works of the mind, and he actually meant this.
3.
I have decided to quote a reference regarding the meaning of and implications of the existence of something being intelligible and intelligibility being the condition of knowability. It has been taken from the ‘Hotazel: Journal Writing of a Lipstick Lesbian’ (note this is an exercise in ‘intertextuality’, which means that ‘Between Nostalgia and Dystopia’ should ideally be read in parallel to the Hotazel series on the life of Hannah Zeeman which can be downloaded from Smashwords for free): ‘The subject of knowledge as a sentient being cannot be equated with something like a transcendental ego or the absolute spirit. The finite subject of knowledge whether an animal or human always exists in the form of a materially embodied subject in a continuous state of becoming in response to an ever changing environment. The genesis of knowledge is always rooted in the life history of the subject. The truth or the certitude of all claims to knowledge, including claims regarding ultimacy, can only become possible or realizable or even concretized, if we agree that there are some critical claims which we can state as being true no matter what. Being true no matter what is a radical postulate, it means that there are claims which we have no alternative but to accept as being true, that is true, even though it would impossible to fully account for the truth of these claims on the basis of empirical evidence or logical inference. For example we readily accept the claim that the Universe is intelligible. We can claim that the truth of this claim explains the historical success of the scientific enterprise. And we can also make the claim with supporting reasons that this intelligibility of the Universe is not in itself self-explanatory, in a self-referencing fashion, because the reasons for its intelligibility lie outside of itself and not within itself. Any attempt to demonstrate that the intelligibility of Universe as a self-explanatory fact will end in failure. Accepting the fact that the Universe is intelligible without being able to give an empirically based account of what makes this fact true in a logically rigorous self-explanatory fashion is a problem which resists solution. This problem has logical consequences. It means that ultimately there are no self-explanatory empirical facts. There are only facts. Brute facts. If we try to rationally demonstrate that the fact of the Universe being intelligible is self-explanatory, our reasoning which also happens to be logically and empirically well grounded, will lead us into an infinite regress or into circular arguments or into logical contradictions. It is  because of these kinds of problems that we are forced to accept some claims no matter what, and all ‘first philosophies’ seek a way out of this conundrum of having to accept certain claims no matter what. The Universe or the Natural World of things and beings as we experience it in science and in our ordinary day to day living presents itself to our perceptions as something which has the properties or predispositions or the essential nature of being knowable. The essential nature of the Universe also includes from an ontological perspective it knowability. Its knowability is one of its essential properties, an attribute which is built into its constitution or nature. The Universe in its very existence or being is the bearer of a built-in or innate or intrinsic knowability and this is what makes it intelligible. In other words it embodies or bears immanently in itself the kind of nature or ontological character of something which is able to be known. But having said this, on second thoughts, I think I have rushed into proposing that the Universe is intelligible in the sense that it bears the ontological character of something which is able to be known without expanding more fully why this intelligibility in the sense of its knowability is in itself not something that is self-explanatory.  Its intelligibility while being the condition which enables it to be known does not include the reasons for its intelligibility. While we know ‘that’ many things are the case in the Universe we cannot know ‘why’ they are the case in any ultimate sense. With respect to the ‘why’ question, the ultimate reasons as opposed to the ‘proximate’ reasons for something being the case can never be given. The proximate reasons for something being the case or the existence of a state of affairs embraces or entails all the essential properties, powers, and dispositions of things by virtue of which something of interest is what it is. In science we are able to establish the facts for something being the case, in other words, we can establish the nature or kinds of facts which would support the actual existence of a given state of affairs as opposed to its non-existence or the impossibility of its existence. But knowing the facts which show a given state of affairs to be the case, does not include knowledge about the reasons for the facts themselves being what they are. This is because facts themselves also represent states of affairs, that is, states of affairs which provide the necessary support for the existence or knowledge or intelligibility of the particular state of affairs which happens to be the subject of inquiry or investigation. To search for ultimate reasons for intelligibility results in an infinite regress. No ultimate reasons can be given for why a given state of affairs is intelligible and in this sense the intelligibility of the Universe is not self-explanatory. The reasons for the intelligibility of anything in the Universe is always by virtue of something else being the case, and as a causally closed system the physical Universe is ultimately not self-explanatory in terms of the reasons for why it is knowable or intelligible. Something has to be knowable for it be intelligible. Only what can be known is intelligible, but trying to establish the underlying reasons for why anything is knowable and therefore intelligible always ends in an infinite regress. This represents the ontological and epistemological problem of the intelligibility of the Universe. Reasons for the existence and intelligibility of something always depends on something else being the case. In this sense everything that exists in the Universe and which also happens to be intelligible to our minds is always contingent on something else. Will my own life be intelligible? Intelligible to whom and why? What is it that makes a life intelligible? Should a life have a purpose or plot for it to be intelligible? Would anyone set out to write an autobiography or biography without a plot in mind? Would one set out to write an autobiography or biography that would be completely and intentionally unintelligible to the reader? Plot, purpose and intelligibility seem be correlated or linked in any form of literary narrative, because ultimately the narrator is motivated to say something about something to the addressee whoever that person or reader may be. The plot represents the ‘plotting’ or the organization of narrative elements in an order or form which gives structure to the sequential unfolding of the story trajectory from its beginning to its ultimate goal or terminus. So if there is going to be a plot to this narrative, it will end up having the colour, sounds, aroma, feeling, texture and flavour of a sensuous and erotic autobiographical account which seeks to unveil a first philosophy. Establishing a first philosophy is not only a transcendental obsession or passion, it may be an exercise in futility. Thus it is needless to say that it may end as a futile venture into the no man’s land of wasted and broken dreams, yet in spite of the risks, dangers and hazards it remains indeed an enticing possibility, an adventure of the mind and body, something to strive for. In fact it is more than that, it is as a life-saving necessity with incalculable redemptive value, measurable in that intangible currency which nurtures and sustains hope and meaning in the infinite here and now. The empiricist ontological reduction: Logical positivists seek to reduce all talk about things such as electrons, protons or quarks to observables. All the theoretical entities which represent the subject matter of science can be logically reduced or construed in terms of observables. And I remember what has been written and what has been said of old, when I lay down my head to sleep and also when I rise just before the first light of dawn. 6. To sanctify His Name—Leviticus 22:32’
4.
Now that we have Hannah Zeeman’s analysis of the significance of the existence of intelligibility as a foundation, I would like to delve into the meaning of the word ‘intelligibility’. As a religious Jew, for me knowledge of the existence of intelligibility in Nature and the Universe is inseparable from the theological implications arising from that knowledge. Theologically speaking, this knowledge invokes a summons. A summons to what? A summons to faith? A summons to the Torah? In addition, this knowledge also concerns the meaning of the book entitled ‘Between Nostalgia and Dystopia’. The dystopian impulse arises from a nihilistic rebellion against the summons of intelligibility. The summons of intelligibility is always the summons of G-d. Nostalgia represents a rejection of nihilism. Nostalgia represents a home-coming in response to the summons embodied in the existence of intelligibility in Nature and the Universe. What is the ground or source or conditions of possibility for the existence of this intelligibility which is the basis or foundation of all knowing? For a religious Jew it is G-d and the Torah. Science unveils the existence of intelligibility as the foundation of knowability regarding the essential nature of reality. The existence of intelligibility in nature or reality is discovered as a brute fact by science. It is recognized as a fact of nature. Its existence is undeniable. It is not constructed or imposed by the mind. Instead its existence as a state of affairs is recognized.  But science cannot penetrate or pierce the veil to find what ultimately makes this intelligibility possible. Science cannot find the reasons for its existence or its ultimate source or how it came into existence. Without the existence of the intelligibility in nature or reality science would not be possible. In fact the existence of intelligibility in the ordering and organization and governance of nature or the cosmos or reality is the condition of possibility for science. It is what makes science possible. It is the foundation of science. In this sense epistemic foundationalism is at the heart of science. Foundationalism is inescapable. All systems of knowledge and philosophy are erected on foundations which cannot be ultimately justified. Foundationalism is plagued by an infinite regression. Foundationalism is always contingent on something else, hence the problem of the infinite regression which leaves all foundations hanging unsupported above a bottomless abyss. This is the metaphysical horror or nightmare which haunts all attempts to know that something is the case. Science discloses the following fact: The Universe is Intelligible. It is your choice what you make of this intelligibility. At bottom the Universe’s intelligibility is contingent of something. The contingency argument haunts all ultimate claims to knowledge. For any knowledge claim to be ultimate means that the claim is necessarily fully independent, it does not rest on anything else, it presupposes nothing. Can there be a presuppositionless foundation for any claim to know something ultimately. The fact of the Universe’s intelligibility provides sufficient warrant for some of us to believe in G-d. G-d is the ground or foundation of that intelligibility. The recognition or cognition of the existence of the fact of intelligibility is what summons us to believe in G-d. As a summons it embodies the reality of a judgement. We have to answer to that summons. We are under judgement by virtue of that summons. However, the Universe as a consequence of its intelligibility can also be a home for us, a home or place of dwelling and well-being and abiding by virtue of its intelligibility, an intelligibility rooted in the Torah. It is the Word of G-d which brings everything into existence. This is the reason for the Jewish thanks giving benedictions. To be a Jew and to practise Judaism is to constantly give thanks to G-d. 
5.
Pursuing the meaning and summons of intelligibility: If you believe in G-d it is necessarily a dimension of religious faith to simultaneously to be cognizant of both G-d’s unknowability and his knowability. I am interested in recognizing G-d’s knowability within the realm of reality. My own faith and religious sensibilities began with the conviction that G-d was the reason behind everything. There is a consonance and resonance with respect to the meanings, significance and logical implications of the terms: reason, rationality, intelligibility, design, complexity, knowability, intention and purpose. Furthermore, intelligibility, design and complexity represent states, conditions, organization, arrangements, configurations, systems and states of affairs all of which emergence as states, products, outcomes or properties as the effects of underlying systems of causation. If we accept this, then intelligibility, design and complexity are reducible rather than being irreducible. It is in this sense that my ideas regarding the interrelationship between reason, rationality, intelligibility, complexity, design and knowability differ from the various Creationist and Intelligent Design arguments. The meaning of the terms reason, rationality, complexity, design and knowability all have a bearing on the broad meaning of the noun ‘intelligibility’ and so I am going to use the word ‘intelligibility’ as marker or signal or referent or symbol for those words. An example would be, intelligibility is equivalent in a real sense to something to which the words ‘rationality, reason, complexity, design and knowability’ can be assigned or ascribed in a meaningful way. Something happens to be intelligible by virtue of embodying rationality, reason, complexity, designedness or knowability. Which means that the meaning of these words can be recognized as being relevant to comprehending or understanding anything which displays or embodies intelligibility. For example, this discernment of intelligibility, or even rationality, involves the recognition of ‘designedness’, and also the recognition of the kind of complexity which characterizes something embodying intelligibility in the nature of designedness. Designedness is recognized in the intelligent and rational way that things or parts have been organized or configured or arranged or put together.
6.
In this regard, at the biological level, we can recognize obvious structural-functional relationships. Structural and functional relationships which are amenable or reducible to mechanistic and causal explication rather that functional or teleological explanations. In biology we often slip unconsciously into functional explanations, even in textbooks and scientific publications. The manner of speaking in biology is often in terms of functional explanations. It is true that this means-ends or a teleological manner of narration does indeed creep into biology.  It not wrong to recognize, from a structural-functional perspective, that the wings belonging to an insect or bird or bat embodies structural and functional features which facilitate flight. The structures of the different kinds of wings embody various aerodynamic and flight facilitating design features. No one in their right mind would argue that the various kinds of wings are not designed to facilitate flight. In this sense the wings are intelligible structures, reasonably or rationally organized, designed, arranged, configured or put together to facilitate flight which in turn is the adaptive function of the wings of various animals.  With regard to animal wings, from an evolutionary perspective the force behind or responsible for the design, arrangement, configuration and the putting together of the different parts is natural selection and the original source of the phenotypic novelty embodied in the structure and functioning of the wings is genetic recombination. Genetic recombination working in conjugation with natural selection is the engine or motor of evolution resulting in the design of adaptive phenotypic structural-functionalities. From a reductionist perspective it can be rationally demonstrated that a built-in design capacity exists for evolving novel phenotypic attributes which embodying various kinds of adaptive structural-functionalities such as proteins, brains, eyes, ears, wings, hands, legs, jaws, teeth, digestive systems, leaves or flowers, and so on and so forth.
7.
Is it rationally and logically possible to believe in the existence of divine designedness or divine groundedness of intelligibility in nature and Darwinian evolution at the same time? It may be possible to formulate a rationally acceptable and credible compatibility thesis for demonstrating a non-conflictual or non-contradictory relationship between the existence of intelligibility and designedness in nature on the one hand and the truth of Darwinian evolution on the other. Such a compatibility thesis needs to be framed in a way which shows that scientific, theological and philosophical perspectives regarding the nature of reality need not be incoherent. Such a compatibility thesis may even find support from Intelligence Design (ID) movement’s own ideas and arguments. 
8.
Intelligibility, experience and reason: All knowledge about the essential nature of any material object or physical phenomena in the universe is rooted in experience or has an empirical foundation in other words. We are able to gain knowledge from experience only if what we experience happens to be intelligible. A connection or relation can be made between something ‘being intelligible’ and being accessible and susceptible to the appraisal of reason. We can rephrase this as follows: Something is intelligible by virtue of it being accessible and susceptible to the appraisal of reason. With respect to any object or phenomena it also implies that its essential nature can be recognized, comprehended, described, understood and explicated by virtue of its intelligibility. It is the subject, or the mind of the investigator, who is engaged in the conscious process of ascertaining and comprehending the intelligibility of what has been experienced with respect to the objects or phenomena upon which the subject’s attention has been focused. Here we have a depiction of the subject-object relationship in terms of relationship between reason and experience. To expand on this further, the subject-object relation represents a relation between the consciousness or the mind of the subject and the intelligibility of the object, which is something that is experienced by the subject. The ‘presence’ or reality of intelligibility is what is experienced. To emphasis what is critical or fundamental in the relationship between subject and object, the relationship can be conceptualized as a relation between reason as embodied or immanent in the mind of the subject and intelligibility as embodied or immanent in the object. It is important not to assume that this intelligibility is something that has been imposed by the subject onto the objects or phenomena of experience. It cannot be overstressed that this intelligibility is something which exists independently and autonomously in its own right or ‘in and of itself’ or of its own accord. It is something which is recognized. Recognition is the basis of cognition or cognitivity. As a noun ‘cognitivity’ refers to the state of being cognitive. To be cognitive is to be engaged in a performative process. A performative process which affects the contents of consciousness, which thereby also affects thinking and thoughts, which involves perceptions and idea formation, and also learning and memory, and thereby recognition.
9.
Thus, to reiterate, intelligibility is something which actually exists in and of itself, in the form of a state of affairs, meaning that it exits immanently within actual objects or phenomena on its own accord. Intelligibility as such, exists as an embodied state of affairs, which is another way of stating that it exists immanently in things or objects or phenomena.  Something being intelligible, or embodying intelligibility, is something which can be experienced and thereby recognized as such by the subject. The thing or object or phenomenon becomes accessible to reason by virtue of the immanence or embodiment of intelligibility. We have a tautology: the thing is intelligible to reason because it embodies intelligibility. There are two ‘reasons’ in operation here, 1) the faculty of reason which is an attribute of the subject’s mind, and 2) the embodiment of the property of intelligibility in the object where the property of being intelligible represents a manifestation of reason immanent in the object. The reason immanent in an external object is the condition or source of the intelligibility of the object, and this reason as expressed or manifested in the form, properties, powers, dispositions and relationship which characterizes the essential nature of the object, also mirrors the reason which exists as a faculty of the mind or consciousness of the subject. Hence we have two reasons: 1) Reason existing as something externally, embodied in objects. 2) Reason existing as a mental faculty or capacity or power in the brain or consciousness of the subject. With regard to the manifestation of reason in a conscious or cognitive or mental phenomenon, it becomes manifest as an emergent property of the brain as a material object, that is the emergent property of something physical, in other words, as something which supervenes of something physical. In the subject the capacity for reason or reasoning supervenes on the physical in the form of brain. Reason in the form the immanent intelligibility of the physical object is recognized by the faculty of reason which supervenes on the brain which is also a physical object. Here we have the mirroring of reason between two physical realms, the physical realm of the subject’s brain and the physical realm of the objects intelligibility. Hegel was arguing for something similar to this way of depicting the role of reason in the subject-object relationship in his ‘Phenomenology’ and ‘Logic’. To reiterate we have two reasons: reason embodied in external nature and reason as an emergent cognitive property of the brain of the subject, where the brain is also an object of nature. We are back to Hegel’s ‘Science of Logic’. We can formulate the interactions between the two reasons symbolically as follows: Reason existing independently and autonomous in nature is Reason in the Object. Reason existing independently and autonomously in the mind or consciousness is Reason in the Subject. The relationship between the two: Reason in Subject ↔ Reason in Object. The symbol ↔ means a reciprocal relationship or interaction between the two reasons. Nature as an object is not passive. It has effects on the subject. Objects act on the mind or consciousness of the subject, triggering in the process recognition and other attendant cognitive processes. In reality there is only one Reason which is the condition of possibility for the existence of all forms of intelligibility and the cognitive apprehension of that intelligibility. The two ‘reasons’ are isomorphic in that they can be mapped one onto the other. In this sense they are the one and same Reason. If you are religious that Reason represents the mind of G-d. It by virtue of that Reason that everything is rendered cognitively intelligible to the human mind. Everything is ultimately mediated by G-d, including the brains capacity of recognize intelligibility. We cannot escape the summons of G-d. We cannot escape the judgement of the Universe’s intelligibility. An eschatological rendition of the significance of Hegel’s famous statement: ‘…the owl of Minerva spreads its wings only with the falling of the dusk…’ can be readily formulated, a formulation which has theological significance. It is only at end or consummation of the history of the entire Universe that philosophy come will come to an understanding of its own historical conditions of possibility, but it is precisely at this event that those conditions recedes or passes away. We always have knowledge after the fact. We only have complete knowledge of everything at the End, when everything passes away. This is why there is an urgency attached to the summons of intelligibility. It is ultimately the summons of the Torah. It is the denial of this urgency which has dystopian implications. The denial brings on its own judgement. The summons of intelligibility has nostalgic resonances. And it is because of this that we recognize the summons. And we turn to G-d, the source and condition of all intelligibility. And this is not the God of Spinoza. It the G-d of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. The G-d of Israel.
10.
Remember, consciousness or mind supervenes on the brain and the brain is also an object of matter. Another way of putting it: consciousness or mind is an emergent property of the brain and the brain is an object composed of matter. Either way, the subject’s faculty of reason is an emergent property or capacity or power or disposition of matter or substance. Similarly, the intelligibility embodied or incarnated in object represents an emergent property, capacity, power, relationship and disposition which conforms to reason or expresses a conformity with reason. To repeat once more, the recognition of intelligibility involves a symmetry or coincidence or mapping between the reasoning of the subject and the reason manifested in properties of the object. Being intelligible is a condition or state which exists in an autonomous and independent fashion. Physical or material incarnations of intelligibility exist in objects prior to their being or becoming the objects or phenomena of experience or perception of a cognizant subject. In order to be a cognizant subject, the subject must be able to engage in cognitive processes. Cognition as a process includes all conscious and unconscious processes by means of which knowledge of an object is acquired. Cognition involves perceiving, recognizing, conceiving, comprehending, understanding, and explicating, all of which are mental processes (cognitive processes) of apprehension which result in the acquisition or accumulation of knowledge. And as cognitive process they are dependent on the capacity for reasoning. The brain as a physical object possesses the capacity to reason. Cognitive processes or reasoning renders the world of objects and phenomena intelligible. 
11.
The word ‘intelligibility’ is a noun, which means it is the name of something. It names or refers to the condition or state of being intelligible. It is this condition or state which makes something accessible or comprehendible or intelligible to the operations or appraisal of reason. By the appraisal of reason I mean: reason’s capacity for appraisal, where appraisal also broadly encompasses the mind’s application of the cognitive processes of: deliberation, inference, argumentation, evaluation, judgement, assessment, review, and consideration, in conformity with the standards and rules of evidence, rationality and logic, or consistent with the operations of reason in other words. And logic involves inference and deduction. Objects or concepts or phenomena are intelligible by virtue of being accessible and susceptible to the appraisal of reason regarding the truth of their essential nature or essential reality. So why are things intelligible or embody intelligibility as a condition or state? This question needs to be answered in terms of origins or sources or genesis. For example, what is the source of the intelligibility, in terms of the kinds of structures or functions which various things embody? Part of this intelligibility can be uncovered or disclosed logically and systematically by a process of reduction. It is the intelligibility of nature which makes science possible. All of science assumes that reality is intelligible and is thus open to reason. Intelligibility is something which can be recognized and is it reason which provides this capacity to recognise intelligibility or the evidence for the existence of intelligibility. To repeat, there exists a correlation or mirroring or concordance or coincidence or consistency between the existence of intelligibility and its recognition via the application of reason. Through the application of the methods or procedures orrules or principles or deliberations of reason the existence of intelligibility can be recognized and described and investigated as such. What is the origin of this intelligibility and what is the origin of reason. What is there interrelationship? How did this interrelationship arise? To repeat with different words: Where does intelligibility come from? Where does reason come? Where does the capacity to reason come from? The capacity and power to reason about things is something which has developed. Somehow these questions also revolve round the relation between the nature of mind and the nature of matter. We would like to avoid conceiving this relationship between mind and matter or mind and nature in a mind versus matter dichotomy or dualism. To reiterate intelligibility should not be conceived as something which mind projects onto matter or nature. Also to reiterate, mind is invested with power or capacity or faculty or predisposition to recognise the existence of intelligibility in matter or nature. This is different to projecting the existence of intelligibility onto nature. Our minds develop as an emergent property or capacity from matter. Our minds are a product of nature. So ultimately it is matter or a form matter, an individual human being which happens to be conscious, perceiving, comprehending and thinking. Matter has acquired cognitive powers, powers which have emerged from the very elements of matter, from substance, following the evolution and development of a specific rearrangement and reorganization and reconfiguration of the chemical elements of matter into a living breathing organism such as Homo sapiens. All forms of matter embody to varying degrees recognizable intelligibility with respect to structure, functioning, properties, dispositions, powers, relationships and complexity. Reason as an organizing principle becomes the source of intelligibility. From a rational or scientific perspective the emergence of both intelligibility and mind can only be explained in terms of a reductive process. However to explain the ultimate genesis of intelligibility or mind by a reductive process leads logically to an infinite regress. This why we can conclude that the existence of intelligibility is not self-explanatory. From an epistemological and ontological or metaphysics perspective we treat the existence intelligibility as a brute unexplainable fact of nature. 



Chapter Forty Two

1.
Every evening I consider the possibility that I will not live to see the dawn of a new day. It may not only be my heart. There may be some other malignancy festering in secrecy somewhere deep inside my body. Looking up at the night sky the question comes to mind: How many solar systems similar to ours exist out there. How many earth-like planets, of similar size as ours, which orbit their host stars at distances similar to ours, how many similar solar system are there out there in the universe? I have lived out a life in only one of an infinite possibility of different worlds. I am a religious person. I am not ashamed of that fact. I do not find the word ‘religious’ offensive. I have lived a religious life. I have enjoyed the beauty of my religion which has been Judaism. Strange as it may sound, but like the majority of people who have ever lived, I too believe in an ‘afterlife’. It is one of the abundance possibilities which exists in the Infinite Universe of Possibilities. If G-d is truly G-d then I will awake from death into another ‘reality’. 
2.
During this time I have been in regular Zoom contact with Millicent, Zhang and Gazala. They joke that it feels like they are watching a Survivor series. Everyone is optimistic that I will be saved from my fate. Zhang reassures me that he has been given government assurances that the go ahead to expedite my extraction from the wilderness of South Africa is now imminent. Chinese military and commercial cargo planes are about to start landing at the burnt out OR Tambo International Airport. A military expeditionary force will soon be knocking on my front door. Soon I will be joining all the others at Zhang’s lab. My job in China is waiting. China will become my new home. Gazala and all the others have learnt to write and speak Mandarin. Soon I too will be speaking Mandarin. 
3.
I humour them. However I know that I will not get to China nor will I learn to speak Mandarin. Yes I know that I am going to die. I have had this persistent pain in my chest for a long time now. I am dead man walking. My murmuring heart will soon stop beating. I have entered into that twilight zone of existence. As I reflect on everything, I watch YouTube music videos. For the umpteenth time I am watching to Shaggy’s video Angel (Official Music Video). Next I listen to The Rolling Stones - Street Fighting Man. I am the only one in South Africa enjoying the privilege of having electrical power and being connected to the Internet. By some technical feat of genius which I paid a considerable sum of money for I have remained connected to the Internet via satellite for more than three years now. Also with a small transistor radio I can still pick various stations including the Voice of America and the BBC. On YouTube I listen to ‘Master Jack’ 4 Jacks and a Jill. ‘Yes it is a strange world we living in master Jack.’ I repeat: ‘Yes it is a very strange world we are living in.’ 
4.
I am jumping ahead in the story, but I don’t care about the linearity of the narrative or the story or the plot structure or the logic of sequence for that matter. Anyway we do not live our lives logically. Well maybe some like Millicent has tried to live life logically. I am breaking all the rules of composition, of logic, of sequence, of flow, of suspense and climax and the final artistic or aesthetic engineering of what we refer as the denouement, with all of its unexpected surprises, and the solving of the mystery. Yes ‘denouement’ is a nice word.  In fact, it is quite a posh word. A word whose synonyms include cessation, termination, the finale, the end! The end of what? The end was predetermined from the start. This novel which you are reading has no beginning and end. It started with the end. Remember, I dropped Millicent off at Oliver Tambo International Airport. Remember that Millicent and I were both movies fanatics. We were both enthralled by the possibilities of cinema as an art form, and this is what brought us together and possibly held us together. My father was captivated by the comic. Why was he captivated? Was it because he belonged to the comic book generation or was it because he was a phenomenally skilled and creative draughtsman and saw an opportunity to explore the possibilities of capturing the complexities and ambiguities of the world within the stripped-down austere sparseness of coloured-in line drawings and voice bubbles, as opposed to the conventional text based novel or the visual abundance of the motion picture? I really don’t know. It remains a mystery. As I said I am listening to ‘Master Jack’ by 4 Jacks and a Jill. I am replaying it. The song and lyric is ‘retro’. It captures the SA white-mood of the sixties. I was too young to live that mood at the time. So it was before my time. I was not part of that world. I write this at a stage in the narrative and plot of a fictionalized autobiography where I no longer worry about the artistic merits regarding the rules of composition or structure. Yes this interlude represents a metafictional interruption in the course of writing or reading. It is a ‘reflexive’ standing back from the ‘easel’ as it were. To put distance between myself and the picture. The picture is supposed to look more real from a distance. The blurs sharpen into a photographic representation of the object or the scene. It is a visual trick. But the story is true. Every word I have written is true. What becomes before or after does not affect the truth. The order is not important. Sticking to the temporal sequence of events is not important. The story meanders on its own un-predetermined course, the rules of narration, composition, structure, plot, form and content are made up along the way of the telling or writing. There are no surprises. Yet the surprises continue to ambush both writer and reader alike as the story unfolds. 



Chapter Forty Three

1.
While I wait I watch Netflix movies and series for hours on end. I have lost all track and sense of time, days just slip by. And I watch the Blade Runner once more. Each time I see something new. Underpinnings of the original city showing through the futurist overlay of renovations which have been inserted in a hodgepodge fashion into the cartographical ground plan of the original city. I see depictions of heterochronotopia. Heterochronotopia is also a concept based on Foucault’s idea of heterotopia. With respect to a heterochronotopia reality has been stripped of its intelligibility. In a heterochronotopia worlds exist within worlds. For example, brothels, nightclubs, prisons, hospitals, flatlands, universities, seminaries, mental asylums, zoological gardens, libraries all coexist in a complex and strange entanglements of interrelationships and intercourse, and so on and so forth. What do I mean by a world stripped of intelligibility? It is not a home nor is it a centre of well-being. They are ‘homeless’ places. The zoo is not home for a lion or a bear locked up in cage. Nor are prisons, hospitals, army, brothels, casinos, shopping malls, motel rooms, boarding schools, ships, nightclubs or mental asylum homes. They are places that embody ‘otherness’. Heterotopias are spaces and place where everything is different. They are in-between-places of instability which oscillate or teeter between utopia and dystopia. But they are never abodes where one can dwell or abide or reside. They do not invoke nostalgia! They exist as parallel spaces or even as parallel universes. Manners Mansion and the inner-city of Jo’burg and Hillbrow sunk into a state of heterotopia from the 1980s onwards. And so like Manners Mansion they have become in time placeless places. They are places of deviation and deviance.
2.
In The Blade Runner scenes, the street level when viewed close up reveals a squalid, chaotically anarchic and menacing reality, garbage and trash remain uncollected, overflowing everywhere, indicating that entropy cannot be arrested or reversed, the garbage and trash can only be removed and recycled, a process which increases entropy, increasing the disorder in the universe. Removing garbage and trash becomes an industrial scale industry in which nothing is manufactured. What keeps everything from disintegrating? The city still manages to function in its state of chaos and dereliction. The geography of the city is all mixed up, disjointed incongruous at the street level when contrasted with the flashy sleek reflectiveness of the upper levels which mirror another reality in contrast to the city at street level. The urbanscape operates at multiple levels of complexity. Decaying tenements form the underlayer of the city which is overlaid by a new vertical city giving rise to a schizophrenic cityscape. The names of street and places mean nothing now, like the post-colonial renamed street in a post-Marxist and post-Socialist Maputo futuristic city.  Who is Ho Chi Minh?
3.
I continue to wait for Zhang. When I am tired of watching Netflix I write. The year is 2023. The year is coming to an end, I wonder what 2024 holds for us who still living.
4.
What was it like before 2020? The process of urban decentralization was underway. An explosion of new property investments driving the centrifugal shifting of the Jo’burg suburban and business frontier has left the inner-city cut off, abandoned, leaving its migrant Pan-African residents disconnected, isolated and marooned from the wider modernized Jo’burg urbanscape. The death of the Witwatersrand gold mining industry meant the redefining of the city when it came to the Jo’burg CBD. The historical inner-city started facing its nadir in the 1970s. From then on it was waiting to either die or undergo a complete miraculous rebirth, and its rebirth would have been dependent on a phoenix like rising from the ashes, a creative-reinvention of a new inner-city based on a spatially circumscribed, exotic, fantastical and distinctively post-industrial African styled ‘cosmopolitanized’ economy and social life, freed from attachments to history and nationality, a rainbow cocktail of intoxicating exuberance and energy, a place where the beat never stops, pumping day and night. In order to survive the inner-city needed to find a new identity and a new role. The fate of the old city of Jo’burg is not only emblematic of the de-industrialization of the world’s great cities like Chicago, but it is also a microcosm of the world in the terminal process of disintegration and implosion. Everywhere, across the globe, the setting sun is painted red, and clouds of red rust dust rise from the collapsing dominos of de-industrialization, starting with the de-industrialization of the United States, followed by Europe, continuing with the Asian Tigers, Japan, Hong Kong, Korea, Singapore, Taiwan and also China, everywhere in its wake, rising unemployment, widening gaps of income inequality. The world is in a state of futile turmoil. What is driving this process of self-destruction? Who and what can arrest the process? The relentless pursuit of lower manufacturing labour costs drives this self-destructive process of de-industrialization. Falling employment due to a shrinking of the manufacturing sector within any country always results in a trade deficit arising from imports exceeding exports. Eventually an asymptotic convergence onto a state of economic stagnancy takes place. The metaphor of ‘all that is solid melts into air’ which supposedly encapsulates the essence of capitalism rings true only insofar as the rate of scientific and technological innovation and the productivity of labour continues to increase at an exponential rate without limit. Capitalism as creative destruction is driven by constant and unceasing technological revolutions. We are living in age of runaway scientific and technological revolutions in the absence of social or political revolutions, but most of the billions upon billions of the unemployed have become numbed and estranged with regard to the all-pervasive reach and realities of a new scientific and technological age. The tide of technological and scientific revolution rises like a tsunami, destroying everything it is path. Innovations and inventions continue to mushroom from the debris of collapsing civilizations. The world has become unhinged. In the realm of the new capitalism which has taken root on the planet science and technology have become self-perpetuating. Humans are redundant, there are too many of them anyway. The surplus people of the planet drive down the costs of labour, triggering the off-shore migration of capital and the collapse of entire countries in its wake. It is the law of supply and demand. And so it goes to quote Kurt Vonnegut.
5. 
But Jo’burg is gone forever. South Africa no longer exists.
6.
This is no positive or consistent or systematic causal-mechanistic or mechanical relationships between technological progress and economic growth on the one hand, and inequality and poverty on the other. In spite of the seemingly inexorable and relentless revolutionary progress in science and technology, poverty and inequality continues to spiral out of control. As I said everything has become unhinged, uncoupled, disengaged, disconnected and disarticulated. The road continues to fork, the world continues to bifurcate, splitting into parallel universes, which co-exist separately within their impervious bubbles. The political economy of Inequality Reduction and Poverty Alleviation has yet to be written, let alone practiced. Macroeconomic research studies have shown that there exists no predictable consistent or systematic or inevitable causal-mechanistic or mechanical coupling between economic growth, inequality reduction or poverty alleviation in both developed and developing countries. Why is this? What are the missing variables or factors which play a material role in the positive coupling of economic growth, poverty reduction and poverty alleviation? The missing variables or factors include amongst other things all those tangible and also intangibles things which have positive material and causal social outcomes or consequences. These include: trust, low levels of corruption, labour unions, strong civic ethics, civic virtue and strong rule of the law, freedom of the press, strong women rights, and separation of powers, wealth tax, and low population growth. The list of ethical or moral flavoured behavioural variables are too long to fully enumerate. But integrity, trust and civic virtue in all its forms are critical with regard to equal resource, income and opportunity distribution and for the realization of egalitarianism. Having too many children is a selfish act because it will involve unfair allocation of resources and benefits to an individual at the expense of the total community. Hence population growth control is essential if poverty and inequality is to be alleviated. This was also recognized in China. Population growth is the elephant in the room - but there is a general reluctance to admit this, much in the vein of the climate change denialists. Uncontrolled population growth and populist politics are the two terrible dystopic twins, co-joined at the hip. Population growth rates are causally coupled to climate change. Human population growth drives climate change. This is a no brainer. Don’t bail out debtors, bail out the lenders, the bankers, and the creditors who are using fraudulent transactions to provide credit to unqualified borrowers who cannot possibly service their debts, the bankers thereby engineered a catastrophic and cataclysmic credit calamity. The debt becomes repackaged as collateralized debt obligations, known as CDOs. Leverage loans are CLOs repackaged bonds and debt. B-rated borrowers on the cusp of a default. Zombie companies. Toxic securities guarantee massive losses. Financial crisis. Fargo and Citibank, they all had CLOs on their books. CLOs used by junk companies. Financial abyss. What then? Bail out of creditor? Variable interest entity – fraud packaging, neologism, veneer, off balance sheet debt will explode, special vehicles. The system is corrupt. What happens when you cannot rescue a corrupt system? 
7.
When it comes to history there is no wrong or right side. In fact, in actual history, there no real progress, there is no real goal and there is no real purpose. You could also argue that there is no right or wrong side to any struggle. It is boils down to choices based on the persuasive power of convictions. It is reducible to the persuasive power of rhetoric. Choosing the ‘right side’ of history or the struggle necessarily involves a process of identity reconstruction infused and blended with its own peculiar rhetorics of self-persuasion based on appeals to ethos pathos, telos,  mythos, and finally logos. Logos is never first nor is it the deciding factor in any form of the rhetorics of persuasion. Ethos and pathos rule in the rhetorics of persuasion. Due to (contingent) forces of circumstances over which I did not have much control I have not been able to avoid embarking (inadvertently) on my own personal journey of identity reconstruction, a project (see Sartre’s critique of dialectical reason) which ended up being a complex multi-layered process, a process plagued by all kinds of contradictions, and the usual attendant symptoms of schizophrenia. It was not a question of simply sloughing off one original identity, and then slipping into a shining brand new skin marking the rebirth, the emergence from the chrysalis, in the form of a new embodiment of someone else, an imago, or imaginal stage, representing the final stage of a metamorphosis, the full realization of one’s true identity in terms of mythos, telos, pathos, and ethos. ‘Imago’ is Latin for image and imaginal derived from imago is related to imagination or imagery. What was my original identity? I don’t really know. 
8.
In nature there is a general spontaneous trend towards a state of degradation or disorder or decay which corresponds to the lowest energy state that a system can attain, the reversing of this cannot be attained spontaneously. This claim is the same as stating that all systems pass from a less probable state to a more probable state. The probability of any state of affairs is proportional to the degree of order which that specific state of affairs embodies. The lower the order for a given state of affairs the greater its probability. All physical states of affairs in nature tend to spontaneously transform from high states of order to lower states of order, which is the state of maximum probability. This overall tendency cannot be spontaneously reversed. A state of order cannot spontaneously emerge by itself from a state of disorder. That is the dismal truth of thermodynamics and also ultimately of nature of the universe taken as a whole. With regard to economics being a dismal science (Thomas Carlyle and Thomas Malthus) it is indeed Malthusian with regard to the relation between population number and the number of available jobs.  Demand for jobs exceeds the supply of jobs.
9.
Dear Reader, I am still waiting for Zhang. In the meantime I will keep on revising my Between Nostalgia and Dystopia until he arrives. New thoughts keep on emerging such as the repetitive asymmetric fissioning which reproduces hierarchies of social domination. Will this book ever be completed?
10.
Today there was a typical late afternoon Highveld thunderstorm which ended about hour ago. It is the 23rd of December 2024, and it is just passed 19.13. In the west the sun has already set, it has disappeared below the horizon, in fact there is no sun in sight. However the valley and hills are glowing in a diffuse golden light. The band of sky above the horizon where the sun has disappeared, appears to be frozen in the brightest and deepest azure band of blue I have ever seen. It should have been smouldering red. Overhead I see wisps of pink, orange and red coloured clouds. A half-moon shines brightly between the clouds. While gazing up at the sky behind the clouds trying to see the Evening Star, I notice that it is changing colours before my eyes, turning a cornflower blue colour, seemingly resisting the fall of night. I watch the colours slowly fade away, and soon it is night. 
11.
Finally, to quote from Mark Fisher’s book Capital Realism: ‘The 'reality' here is akin to the multiplicity of options available on a digital document, where no decision is final, revisions are always possible, and any previous moment can be recalled at any time.’ 
12.
The novel ‘Between Nostalgia and Dystopia’ which you have been reading also engages in an exploration into the nature of beginnings and endings. Somehow a beginning has to be activated before it can begin. Also endings in turn have to be activated before the ending can be realized as a termination. The word ‘activated’ also makes us think of the beginning before the beginning. The next question: ‘What are the sources of these activations?’ That is, activations of the beginnings and the endings. In connection with these sources and activations of beginnings and endings - how do we explain Hegel’s claim that the Absolute is there with us from the beginning. To be with us from the beginning it must be somehow already in us. How else are we to understand Hegel’s claim in the preface of ‘The Phenomenology of Spirit’ that the Absolute is ‘…with us, in and for itself, all along…’? If the ‘Absolute’ is not something which is external to us or outside of us, then where is its ‘place’. To find an answer to this problem is tantamount to discovering a presuppositionless beginning to philosophy and science. This is the underlying purpose of Hegel’s entire philosophical enterprise. Did he succeed in demonstrating a presuppositionless beginning to all philosophy and science, which also means demonstrating how a presuppositionless beginning with regard to how our rational cognitive processes arose in the first place, and how the eye of reason were opened so that reason can recognize reason itself as the basis of all reality? The beginning always starts with a recognition. Could we say that the source of the activation of all beginnings involves recognition, a recognition involving a recollection, a reawakening of memory, a kind of fecund nostalgia, which attends all beginnings, beginnings which in turn are also home-comings, to ‘places’ of well-being, to our final abode, a ‘place’ where we can dwell? In this sense nostalgia is a return to reason. Can reason be a ‘place’ to which one can return? Nostalgia also embodies the redemptive impulse which redeems or saves us from diremption and thereby from dystopia. Here we see a deep underlying connection between Plato and Hegel and the Torah, and we can even recognize Heidegger’s own intellectual debt to the Hebraic legacy. We are compelled to recognize the Hebraic Debt or humankind’s Hebraic Indebtedness. What about the activation of the source of dystopia? If dystopia is the ‘place’ of negation or nihilation of nostalgia, then dystopia always begins with a catastrophic forgetting, a nihilistic forgetting which ends in genocide or the Holocaust. What is it which must be forgotten in order for the activation of dystopia? It is a forgetfulness which arises as a direct consequence of the wilful blindness to reason. It is in this manner that reason falls or slips into wilful forgetfulness. It is not an innocent forgetting. It is a purposeful forgetting. It is a purposeful unlearning. It a criminal wilful forgetting. Not only a forgetfulness, but a flight from reason, an escape from reason in the night of forgetfulness. It is rebellion against reason which results in wilful and purposeful dystopian forgetfulness. Dystopia always represents an exile from reason, a diremptive tearing away from reason. This is the activation of the beginning of all dystopian realities. It is ultimately a rejection of G-d.
13.
Where is the ‘place’ of reason?  See also Appendix Two below.
14.
It’s ‘place’ is with us. Whose place? And who is ‘it’? It must be the Absolute. And nothing can exist independently of G-d including the Absolute. Therefore it follows that G-d is the Absolute in the same manner that G-d is 2+2=4. G-d is not only omniscient and omnipotent, G-d is also omnipresent and omni-determinative. The following verses taken from the Psalms resonant with Hegel’s Phenomenology and Logic: Psalm 23: 4 - Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me. Psalm 139:7-10 - Where shall I go from your Spirit? Or where shall I flee from your presence? If I ascend to heaven, you are there! If I make my bed in Sheol, you are there! If I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea, even there your hand shall lead me, and your right hand shall hold me.
15.
What would a reasonable person do? This question carries a judicial freight of meaning and significance. It is also a question which is fraught with ethos, pathos, mythos, logos and telos. It is also under certain dramatic circumstances a rhetorical question because we don’t expect an answer. 
16.
I am still waiting for Zhang. I have just recently learnt from him that a huge Chinese contingent, an ‘expeditionary force’ in his words, has been despatched to Southern Africa. Does this signal that the recolonization of Africa under the guise of a Chinese version of a Marshall Plan is underway? China is undergoing another titanic wave of economic growth. This has triggered a massive global commodities boom. In place of normal superlatives it best to use words such as huge and titanic and massive to describe the nature of the new age of Authoritarian Command Capitalism which is currently re-conquering a devastated Third World or Global South. Zhang reassures me that I need not fear the future, he has reserved a place for me in China which in all likelihood will become my new home. I am still his father, his teacher and his supervisor. Should I start learning Mandarin while I wait for my Chinese rescuers? 
17.
Via my satellite connection I still have an open window through which I can watch the world, which appears to be like some version of a virtual reality out there, accessible only through the medium of the TV or laptop monitor. And every day I watch the world passing by, like a movie, or like a dream. And I have been left behind. Sometimes I feel like a castaway on an island in the middle of an infinite ocean. Think: Tom Hanks in ‘Castaway’. I see aircraft passing by, high above the clouds in the sky, and I see ships passing by on the edge of the horizon. I think of the words in the lyrics for ‘Comfortably Numb’ in the Pink Floyd album called ‘The Wall’: ‘…Hello?...is there anybody home…’ or ‘…A distant ship smoke on the horizon…’ Days go by, leaving me feeling comfortably numb. Reality lies on the other side of monitor. My lived world in the here and now, in the house which I built is no longer real. The TV and laptop monitors have become my looking glass into the real world ‘outside there’. I am in a different place, I am outside the world. The pain in my chest comes and goes. Every day feels like my last day on earth. I pray constantly. I am profoundly aware of the presence and closeness of G-d. I am living in that twilight zone, in the shadow of death. I have become reconciled to my fate. I live in a state of acceptance. The certainty that I will continue to live beyond the shadow of death has taken hold of me. As I have said repeatedly: I have always been religious. I chose to believe in G-d because I wanted to. I chose to belief in the Torah because I wanted to. Was this ‘wanting’ or this ‘choosing’ implanted in my heart by G-d? Does G-d call us? Does G-d make the first move? G-d visited Abraham. G-d appeared to Moses in the desert. Do we hear that mysterious call coming from the Creator of all Reality? To me G-d’s ‘being there’ and ‘not being silent’ has been ‘a lived reality’ for my entire life.  I see G-d through the eye of reason. 
18.
Jacob wrestles with G-d, Genesis 32, 22-31: That night Jacob got up and took his two wives, his two female servants and his eleven sons and crossed the ford of the Jabbok. After he had sent them across the stream, he sent over all his possessions. So Jacob was left alone, and a man wrestled with him till daybreak. When the man saw that he could not overpower him, he touched the socket of Jacob’s hip so that his hip was wrenched as he wrestled with the man. Then the man said, “Let me go, for it is daybreak.” But Jacob replied, “I will not let you go unless you bless me.” The man asked him, “What is your name?” “Jacob,” he answered. Then the man said, “Your name will no longer be Jacob, but Israel, because you have struggled with God and with humans and have overcome.” Jacob said, “Please tell me your name.” But he replied, “Why do you ask my name?” Then he blessed him there. So Jacob called the place Peniel, saying, “It is because I saw God face to face, and yet my life was spared.” The sun rose above him as he passed Peniel, and he was limping because of his hip.
19.
What is the meaning of the Absolute in Hegel? The Absolute is ‘veiled’ behind or beneath the surface of all experience. Can the Absolute be unveiled? It may provisionally be stated that the ongoing work of Reason, a work which binds together all the interconnecting relationships between all possible logical, rational and scientific concepts, concept to concept, points towards a comprehensive Unified Theory of Reality in which all things are but expressions of a single Ultimate Reality which is called the Absolute. In a manner of speaking this can be likened to the idea of a Grand Unified Theory covering the whole of Reality. The fundamental aim of science is ultimately the unification of all theories. 
20.
Even Hegel hints at the existence of a mystical beyond or other or ‘place’ which transcends the finite limitations of human understanding. This ‘mystical’ beyond or other or place symbolizes or points to a Divine Being which embodies, or is the ground of, or condition of, infinite possibilities, including that of personhood and consciousness. The Divine Being is a person and also 2+2=4. It is impossible to see or name this ‘person’. Is the Universe an intrinsically, or an innately, or an immanently, intelligible ‘place’? Does it possess intelligibility as an essential attribute? Is it this attribute which makes it possible for persons to inhabit places within the Universe? Also does this attribute make it a place conducive for the existence of persons?  Does the possibility for the emergence of personhood within the Universe exist as one of its many realizable potentialities?  And what does this signify or mean?
21.
I have been watching the Netflix series called ‘Shtisel’. And I have also been listening to my father’s collection of vinyl records. Four Jacks and Jill: ‘Master Jack’. It is indeed a strange world we live in. Released in 1967, the year following my birth and the assassination of Verwoerd. It was a world hit. As a two year old I danced unsteady on rubbery legs to the lyric in the lounge of our home in Witfield while my mom and dad clapped their hands. I have the original Seven Single which my dad had bought. I have had a couple of shots of good whiskey. I pass the hours listening to my favourites. The Supremes: ‘…All I wanna to do ah is cry, cry, cry…’ A few hours ago I spoke to Gazala on Zoom. Apparently, according to Zhang, a Xi'an Y-20 (Chinese:运-20; or Yùn-20), a giant military transport aircraft was on its way to OR Tambo. Zhang tells me that the plane’s code name was Kunpeng (Chinese:鲲鹏), named after a mythical bird which could fly for thousands of miles. A team will be sent to ‘extract me’, from Google Earth they have my exact location, and I will be flying back on the same aircraft when it returns of China. ‘What about all my stuff?’ I ask. ‘There is enough room on the plane,’ Zhang answers. U2 is playing, ‘…where the streets have no name…’
22.
Shaggy: ‘Angel’ playing, ‘…who’s gonna have you back…’ Thanks Zhang.
23.
Now I am listening to Abdullah Ibrahim – Mannenberg. South Africa no longer exists as a nation-state with a government. I am paging through a photo album. There are photos of my twelve year birthday taken by my dad. I am seated between Kamilla and Alžběta. I stare at the three of us. We were breathlessly young and beautiful. And there is a photo of mom which I now examine. Millicent never took much interest in my dad’s photo albums, but Gazala stared for some time at this particular photograph. To her these were Jewish photographs. In her eyes we were all Jews. Of course it was logical. She did not know that I was a convert. She looked at me and said: ‘Your mother is an Arab.’
24.
Isaac Bashevis Singer once said: ‘There are facts that a man must disown, even to himself. There are secrets one must take to the grave.’
25.
This is called a story.



Appendix 1

Ethos.
In the Aristotelian rhetoric of ethos, ethos represents the nature or character or disposition of a person or group or movement or community or population or class or nation or institutions in terms of its virtue, honesty, transparency, responsibility, accountability, trustworthiness, openness, values, morals, ethics, norms, ideals, commitments, convictions, sentiments, spirit, beliefs, attitudes, inclinations, habits, prejudices, convictions, or persuasions which it embodies, and so on. Ethos simply put revolves around establishing the authority to speak on some matter. Rhetorically the credibility or persuasiveness of a person or community or class or institution with regard to its proposals, arguments or claims depends on the verification of the standing of the person or community or class or institutions in terms of its character or the ‘ethos’ which it supposedly embodies. As they say, with regard to ethos, actions speaks louder than words. Credibility depends on verifiability or confirmation of ethos. In other words credibility depends on character, where character is ethically or morally construed. The whole issue of ethos is critically invoked by the question: Mother should I trust the government? (Pink Floyd). We can elaborate on how or to what degree or to what extent the ethos of trust is substantiated or grounded or not grounded or brought into question or faked, in actions speaking louder than words, with regard to a person, a community, a class, a political party, a president and a government. Mother should I run for president (Pink Floyd). A person’s ethos or character constitutes that person’s destiny. Ethos can also be personified as someone or something. For example the ethos of a man is his daemon (Heraclitus). In this context a daemon is not an entity comparable to a demon as popularly conceived. Loosely speaking a daemon can be viewed as the spirit dwelling within man or person’s spirit in an ethical sense or the sense of a person’s essential nature or character. It was what makes a person work or do things in the way which characterizes that person’s nature or is characteristic of that person’s essential nature. For example, the person is a liar, distrustful, dishonest, deceitful or a thief or even corrupt. Horsemanship as in the charioteer is a fitting image for the manner in which the daemon works in bringing order to the souls of men (Parmenides and Plato’s Phaedrus). The daemon may be a good horseman or bad horseman. The spirit of person may be good or bad.

Pathos.
Like ethos, pathos represents a rhetorical form or mode or device or strategy of persuasion. Broadly speaking, with respect to Aristotelian rhetorics, the rhetorics of pathos involves anything or any kind of demonstration or performance or action or speech which appeals to the emotions or has the power to elicit emotions or feelings in an audience. In plain words, pathos represents the power of speech to sway an audience emotionally. To spell it out more fully,  pathos represents the persuasive capacity or power to invoke or elicit or stir up emotions such as: sympathy, pity, sadness, anger, sorrow, grief, excitement, antipathy, hate, repugnance, affection, humiliation, indignation, horror, compassion, empathy, love, guilt, hurt, and so on. The meaning of pathos also resonates strongly with words such as sorrow, bereavement, grief, poignancy and tragedy. As you may have guessed the word pathos has been derived from the Greek word or noun páthos which refers to the emotional experience or condition of suffering usually as a result of tragedy or misfortune or loss. Originally the noun was derived from the Greek verbal stem path which means to experience or undergo the pain of suffering (páschō, páschein). The noun páthos is related to the word pénthos which means grief or sorrow. Like ethos, pathos can also be personified in the form of a daemon or spirit or personality, where personality in the instance of pathos also predetermines the destiny or fate the person. In the aestheticization of suffering or the suffering personality, suffering is something which becomes dramatically visualized or performatively expressed, sometimes in the form of a personality or a character, and in terms of a condition, which in a character or personality has become something permanent, dark, obscure, self-destructive and infinite, as we see in the personality of Ahab, who is a central figure of struggle, suffering and rebellion in Herman Melville’s Moby Dick. Ahab as a Macbethian figure becomes eventually destroyed by his own proleptic imagination (See Harold Bloom’s The Daemon Knows: Literary Greatness and the American Sublime). Of course various versions of the aestheticization of pathos in the figure of the hero or the personality or the protagonist is a thread which has been woven into the fabric of the great American novel, and also into the tapestry of the great American graphic novel, the Marvel and DC comic books. This was the literary stuff, the American novel and the America graphic novel, which I grew up on. My mind has been shaped by the Western Literary Canon. The canon is too colossal and all to pervasive and all to true, to simply topple or ransack into rubble, it remains majestic, awesome, omnipotent, omniscient, omnipresent and omnideterminative, it is a witness to the Word of God, it is deeply indebted to the Hebraic and the Hellenic, it is Occidental and Oriental, it is revelatory and universal, its roots lay deep in the soils of the Fertile Crescent and the bright sun lit Mediterranean landscape, and ironically it has lapped for eons on the shores of Africa. It is the Universe in which we live and breathe.

Logos
As you may have guessed by now, logos is also a form of rhetoric in which the writer or speaker uses logic as a means to substantiate or provide credence or grounds for an argument. In Aristotle’s Rhetoric, logos is the third mode of persuasion. In speech, and writing for that matter, logos represents persuasion by demonstrating the truthfulness of claims through the application of reason, evidence and logical based argumentation. In contrast to persuasion by appeals to authority (ethos) or by swaying the emotions (pathos), logos involves persuasion by appealing to the rationality of the mind. Heraclitus first use the word logos in reference to the rational intelligence of the Divine Mind. In traditional Greek thinking logos refer to the universal divine reason which is immanent nature and is reflective of rationality, law and order evident in nature. The word logos has been derived from the Ancient Greek word λόγος which became Latinized as logos. Its meaning or reference includes: reason, explain, ground, word, proportion, discourse, deliberation inference, deduction, induction, contradiction. In my view Reason, that is reason with a capital R cannot be personified by a daemon. If God is truly God then nothing can exist independently of God including reason and the operation of reason. In a real sense reason represents power. If we propose the following: God is identical with His power in the sense that God’s being is God’s power, then God is identical with His power to reason in the sense that God’s being is God’s Reason or God’s power to Reason regarding all matters, and no matter or states of affairs can exist independently of God’s will or being or understanding or comprehension or knowledge. God is consciousness of everything, nothing escapes God’s mind. God is everything which happens to be the truth because all truth exists by virtue of God, and God is everything by virtue of which everything else exists including consciousness or personhood or personality. God has infinite power of awareness. If God has consciousness and personhood then we can have a relationship with God.

Telos
Just to put you in the picture, ‘telos’ is the Greek source work for teleology, which means the final cause or purpose or ultimate end or goal or aim for the fulfilment of something. The word ‘telos’ can also be used to refer to narratives which articulate the ultimate ends or goals or fulfilment of something. Telos thus refers to narratives about the ultimate end towards which something is going to develop or evolve. The traditional rendition of a teleological account involves an explanation of something in terms of what that thing or action is for the sake of. Something has to be done in order for something else to be the case. Something thus becomes the means for achieving something else as an end. Very often by claiming that something is the means for realizing some end turns out also to be a way of justifying the means. The end justifies the means. Telos involves stories or narratives or accounts in which means are related to ends. Every telos implies or invokes a mythos. Heraclitus taught that only change was the real. We do not know if there is any purpose or logos hidden beneath or within or underlying and thereby give direction to the never ending flux. Does change follow any logos? The logos we can think of is something like entropy or increasing disorder. The destination of all change is increasing disorder. Logos it would seem resonates with the idea of order and purpose, rather than with purposelessness and disorder. Can there be a telos of disorder? Does not disorder also resonate with dystopia? Moreover, dystopia is characterized by an overwhelming reality of purposelessness and futility. If Heraclitus taught that only change was real, Hegel later became the philosopher of change. Hegel tried to work out the logos of change and find in the logos of change the telos of change. The logos of change is the dialectic. Or does the logos of change follow the dialectic where the dialectic involves the resolution of conflict or contradictions? What is the telos of the dialectic, where does the continuous or perpetual dialectical resolution of conflict and contradiction take us, to what END or telos or destination does it move? What purpose does the dialectic serve? It can only serve the purpose of mythos. The END or telos or purpose or ‘reason’ of the never ending dialectical resolution of conflict and contradictions is the myth. The End or dusk never arrives. Mythos trafficks only in illusions and mirages. Dystopia is mistaken for utopia. The ‘reason’ is the myth. The Gulag or dystopia is the materialization of mythos in the same way that the state repressive apparatus is the materialization of mythos in the form of Althusser’s notion of ideology or Gramsci’s notion of hegemony. The cycle or repetition or perpetuation of mythos means that dethroned mythos is replaced by the enthronement of the same mythos which become re-materialized or reincarnated as a perpetuation of the state repressive apparatus and its hegemonic reinforcing powers. The king is dead, long live the king. The Who: ‘Meet the new boss. Same as the old boss.’ Will the eternal recycling of the same mythos ever be terminated? What is recycled? It is the reincarnation of the oligarchy as a rematerialization of the same mythos. Can the recycling be terminated? Yes it can! Read on! But for now we need to understand what mythos means and what it entails.

Mythos
The Greek word mythos is used here to refer to mythological stories or story telling or mythological narratives or narration. And every ethos implies or invokes a mythos. The same goes for telos and logos. They provide the ‘meaning’ or ‘reason’ or ‘purpose’ of the myth or the narrative which the myth articulates or the story which the myth conveys. Hegel’s Phenomenology of Spirit is a myth which conveys a story which unfolds towards some end. As the philosopher of change he is also the phenomenologist of a serialized sequence of changing forms of experience and changing forms of human consciousness. Hegel has set himself up as the biographer of Mind. As the biographer of Mind he was ultimately engaged in the development of a programmatic mythos. Programmatic in this instance also means according to a programme or schedule or method based on resolutions which embody progress towards a desired outcome or goal. Thus the inexorable programmatic and progressive march of history toward desired ends achieved by means of the dialectical resolution of conflicts and contradictions. This is the mythos based on ‘a logos’ and ‘a telos’ and motivated and defended by a rhetorics of ethos and pathos. Am I suggesting that there is more than one version of logos? Is there a valid version of logos which we can refer to Logos or Reason? Mythos is based on a particular form of ‘reasoning’ as opposed to Reason. A bifurcation or a parting of the ways exists between Hegel’s dialectical mythos of Mind and the actual history of the unfolding materialization of the human mind, which turns out to be the history of the concretization of the unending folly of the human mind. A radical question: Are there more than one dialectic? Yes there are an infinitely. Every dialectic has its version of history, its own ethos, pathos, telos and mythos, reflecting it variable competing self-interests. There is dialectic according to Lenin, and one according to Stalin, and one according to Trotsky, and several according to the Critical Theorists. Which is the ‘correct’ one? Ask Hegel! The Doors, LA woman: ‘…Took a look around, see which way the wind blow…’ There are as many dialectical highways converging onto the oligarchy, as there are alternative versions of the oligarchy. Which is the ‘correct’ one? It is the one leads back to Athens where members of the government are elected by lottery for a short term of office. But this would deny folly her stage on the circus of history. As Barbara Tuchman articulates in her book The March of Folly, the entire history of human experience recapitulates the Homeric story of Troy. The whole of human history represents a cyclical recapitulation of mythos. There is no End, only the eternal return of the same. I see your is burning. What more can we say about the dialectic in connection with Hegel? It all depends on how Hegel is read. Each reading represents a construction of the thought of Hegel or what Hegel thought or what Hegel meant. It can be added: The same goes for Marx. There is the Marx of Lenin and of Stalin and of Trotsky and of Mao and of Lukacs and of Althusser and Poulantzas. There are many conflicting views of Hegel’s dialectic. Again what is the dialectic? It is not a philosophical method. It was Fichte who first construed the dialectic in terms of thesis-antithesis-synthesis. The dialectic can also be viewed as a metaphor of progressive growth or development as in the steady historical advancement in technology or every expanding growth in the body of scientific knowledge. Hegel offered no technical or methodological formulation of the dialectic with regard to its application which differed in any essential manner from Socrates’ idea of the dialectic in Plato’s Phaedrus or Republic or in of the other works of Plato. Dialectic argumentation involves the application of reason and evidence in the resolution of problems and questions or contradiction and conflicts which arise within the realm of experiences, beliefs, claims, arguments, concepts, propositions, statements, ideas, hypotheses and theories, regarding the essential nature of reality, or regarding the essential nature of various states of affairs. I use word ‘essential’ in a realist fashion. The concerns of truthfulness revolves around establishing the essential nature of reality. The dialectic in Hegel’s Phenomenology of Mind describes the ‘progressive process’ which accompanies the transitions from one form of consciousness to another more enlightened form of consciousness, where the transition are driven by the recognition of contradictions and the resolution of contradictions. In this the transition from one from of consciousness to a more enlightened form of conscious may result in the overcoming of tensions and conflicts and contradictions. Does this mean that the process progressive? In what sense could the process be seen to be progressive? Does the process lead inexorably to Absolute knowledge? The exponential growth in scientific knowledge and technological advancement suggests that the possible limitations in the development of consciousness in the Hegelian odyssey of mind may be transcendable and this may usher in the epoch of human freedom, harmony and perfectibility, which is the underlying mythos and telos of Hegel’s Phenomenology of Mind. However, it is clearly apparent that there will continue to be a radical decoupling or disjunction or disarticulation between the revolutionary advancements in science and technology and the progressive development of human freedom, harmony and perfectibility. This means that scientific knowledge and technological power can advance exponentially without having any positive effect on the advancement of human freedom, autonomy, sovereignty, agency or power. There is no inner-necessity between the growth of scientific knowledge and technological power and the establishment of human freedom, agency and empowerment. The dialectic is going nowhere, it is not a staircase to heaven or freedom. There are no answers to the problems confronting humanity which the dialectic can provide. Thinking or mind or thought or consciousness is driven by curiosity to makes sense of the world into which humanity in the form of the each individual has thrown. The world into which one has been thrown is always a world which has already been contingently preformed. Its existence is always contingent on something else being the case. In fact everything which exists in the world is always necessarily contingent on something else being the case. To repeat: Everything always depends contingently on something else, something else which happens to be the case, and by virtue of which the world into which one has been thrown came into existence. Something is always the result of something else. Each person discovers that the world into which one has been thrown is always a world not of one’s own making. Making sense of one’s world through conceptual comprehension also entails taking possession of the world. The world, through the work of science and technology, is assimilated into the mind or into thought and consciousness. This is the ‘work’ of the dialectic, which is also the work of making sense of the world through the process of conceptual comprehension. Everything which becomes knowable, or an object of knowledge, is assimilated into mind, until mind or consciousness encompasses everything which can be known through reason and evidence, and this is the end or the destination of the real dialectic. But in the end the world which we take for granted also becomes the world for which we are responsible. Which means we cannot be passively resigned to our fate, or resigned to the reigning state of affairs. To become passively resigned to how we find the world also means to be drawn into complicity, and thereby to become blameworthy for the state of world. To take responsibility requires taking action, including resistance.



Appendix 2

In Rabbinic literature G-d the Creator of the universe has also been conceptualized or conceived in terms of the idea and meaning and significance of ‘place’. For example, G-d is ‘the Place.’ This theological insight originates in the doctrine: ‘The Holy One, blessed be He, is the place of His Universe, but His Universe is not His place’ (Gen. R. LXVIII. 9). G-d thus encompasses space but space does not encompass G-d. (Abraham Cohen, Everyman’s Talmud, (SCHOCKEN BOOKS, NEW YORK 1995 reprint of 1949 edition) p. 8.). We can emphasis again, ‘placeness’ exists only by virtue of G-d, but place can never encompass G-d. Here we have the proper differentiation in the meaning of G-d’s immanence versus G-d’s transcendence. G-d is in everything, by virtue of G-d’s omnipresence and G-d omnideterminateness, but everything in the sense of ‘place’ or ‘space’ or ‘time’ does not exhaustively or fully contain or encompass G-d’s presence or being or existence. G-d is the source or originator or ground of ‘place’ in all its forms and manifestations. Nothing can take ‘place’ independently of G-d, otherwise G-d would not be G-d. In the case of heaven, heaven is more than simply space and place, it is not reducible in a simplistic fashion to the geographies or cartographies or a heterochronotopia of space, time and place. Heaven represents a divine dimension. Heaven also represents a kingdom which entails the ideas of a place where the rule and the reign of G-d prevails supreme over everything without exception. The phrases ‘kingdom of G-d’ and ‘kingdom of heaven’ are used interchangeably in the Bible, and G-d is always ‘the G-d of heaven’ (Ezra 1:2; Nehemiah 1:4–5). Heaven is everywhere where G-d’s rule and law prevails supremely over everything without exception. G-d looks upon us ‘from heaven’ (Deuteronomy 26:15; Psalm 14:2; 33:13; Isa 63:10); he hears us ‘from heaven’ (1 Kings 8:30; 2 Chronicles 7:14). It gets complicated, the spatial relationship G-d and Heaven and earth is depicted in a metaphorical or figurative sense. Placeness and spatiality in the form of heterochronotopia creeps into the scriptures. G-d is portrayed as looking down from heaven: ‘He looked down from His holy height; from heaven the LORD gazed upon the earth’ (Psalm 102:19; Deuteronomy 26:15; Psalms 14:2; 53:2). Humans are portrayed as looking up to God in heaven: ‘To You I lift up my eyes, O You who are enthroned in the heavens!’ (Psalm 123:1). It would appear that these metaphors or figures of speech relating to G-d, heaven and earth cannot avoid reference to place and space and distance in terms of up and down, or the visible and the invisible. This visualizing of the relation between G-d, heaven and earth seem to cohere with the idea of multiverses or the co-existence of parallel universes or alternative universes. So here we have a cosmological heterochronotopia of possible worlds or possible universes. From a science fiction perspective we can play around with an infinity of possible worlds, which in turn gives a new meaning and dimension to the idea of multiple heterochronotopias, including the possibilities of heaven and hell. We can argue that the multiverse exists in G-d. G-d is ‘the Place where all things exist’ for ‘the heaven and heaven of heavens’ are contained in Him: ‘But will G-d indeed dwell on the earth? Behold, the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house that I have builded? ‘(1 Kings 8:27 KJV). G-d is the Place of all possible places. There is no place that can contain G-d. Any place or space can only exist by virtue of G-d being the Place where all things exist.







