



Beyond Saturn

By Stephen L Brandon

Copyright 2017 by Stephen Brandon
Smashwords Edition
Portions of cover photo's, courtesy of NASA
* * *


Smashwords Edition License Notes 

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
* * * * *


Author's Notes

This book is a work of fiction.  All characters, organizations, incidents, and dialogue are from the authors imagination or used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or other persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.  Real and fictional locations are used for background only.  
More about Stephen Brandon and his other books.
* * *


Dedication

I wish to thank my wife of forty-six years.  I LOVE her because she puts up with me, when no one would!
* * *


Table of Contents (ToC)

The Visitors
Scientist Humbug-bah 
The Trial 
The Star Federation 
The Room 
About the Author
* * *


The Visitors

The warship captain was glad he plotted a course that would bring him outside the orbit of the last planet in the DIRT system.  
His weapons master immediately informed him that there were 3 warships close, the nearest at two light minutes.  
He told his communications chief to squawk the ship identity with information that he was accompanied by a friendly alien spacecraft and keep repeating until acknowledged.  
He radioed over to the Kerth commander and reminded him that the defensive shield around the DIRT solar system was as jumpy as a live fish dropped in a hot skillet.  He should cut all power and act like a rock on the beach.  As he watched the navigation screens, the Kerth ship WASP suddenly went as dead as a broken limb on the ground.  A second before it had been radiating energy like a brown dwarf.
Finally the communications chief replied that he had a reply from all three pickets and they ordered them to stand down until word was received from HQ.
Captain Freeman of the warship KILLER to HQ:  “Your pickets have me surrounded.  Who's in charge now?  If it's Captain See tell him his first born would willingly trade himself for the technology I have with me, and the profits I'll get from 1st contact on the trading contract!  And I'll take Captain Fry's eyeteeth as a partial payment.”  
Commandant Mooney to all pickets:  “Escort the KILLER and his guest to a parking orbit.  This is a friendly!”
Captain Freeman to Commander Mooney:  “As soon as we are in the parking orbit observe my ship.  You'll see the TRAPPER commanded by Captain Anderson detach his ship, a trader, and then I'll come over to your HQ.  
“The Alliance is made up of 4 different species that have joined together.  We have 5 members of 2 species on-board.”  
Commander Mooney to Captain Freeman and Captain Anderson:  “Debriefing will be at my HQ.  The Alliance representatives will be entertained in the officers lounge until debriefing is completed.  Bring copies of all technology data with a engineer that understands it to translate.  Also bring your linguist and language translations.  What are the aliens dietary requirements?  What do they look like?”  
Captain Anderson to Commander Mooney:  “I have everything set up aboard my ship.  I request that you come over and bring a recording equipment for the 1st diplomatic contact between the ambassadors of the Alliance and Humans.  One of the species is as nervous as a bird surrounded by cats.  You see his species known as Gobbler and looks like an Earth octopus.  They breath water and air.  Estimated IQ in the 150 range.  The other 4 representatives are from the species called Kerth.  They will remind you of a cat standing on its back legs.  Estimated IQ in the 110 range.  These are the two dominant species in the Alliance and from the history we downloaded off their ship computer they've already run across one other species that the Alliance determined to be hostile to civilization.  They were warned once. Then their invasion fleets were exterminated in-route to their targets.  Then they exterminated the species in their home star system.  
“There has already been an incident in one of their other star systems between human ships and an unarmed trader shuttle.  Our warship destroyed it without warning.  Their trader ship went for a warship, but cooler heads prevailed so far.  
“We are one step away from an interstellar war with a civilization that has faster than light drive warships.  They admitted to me that they already know the location of 14 of our worlds including the 'Home of Man.'  They have been monitoring us for over 800 of their years.  I get the impression that they like a peaceful life, but would be one hell of an adversary.    
“The population of DIRT was an experiment to see if we would become a civilized or hostile civilization.  Three large groups were picked up off Earth at different times and brought here to be observed.  
“The most lightly armed ship was the one that accompanied us here.  I'm sure you have scanned it and found it armed to the teeth.  It looks like a kitten compared to the warship we left in our target system.  Don't let any wimps come over because, they're carnivores just like us.”  
* * *


Leadership

Commander Mooney arrived with an escort of 4.  One was a camera man and 2 were linguist.  The 4th must have been a weapons master because all he did was observe everything.
After Captains Freeman and Anderson were debriefed everyone went to the officers mess.  The cook brought out 13 thick steaks.  There was a open grill set up in the corner.  
Commander Mooney asked, “How long it did taken to rig this up and how much strain does it put on the environmental system?”  
Captain Anderson simply stated, “It was worth it.”  
The cook grilled the steaks to perfection for all the humans.  He then tossed 5 on the grill for the Alliance representatives.  As soon as they were seared on both sides he served them up.  The cats were civilized, they sliced strips off and chewed them down.  However the Gobbler simply grabbed the steak with one tentacle and placed it under his body where his beak tore it to pieces.  
Commander Mooney observed all this and then said to the Alliance representatives that they needed to hammer out a comprehensive trade contract and make sure both sides were aware of each others laws to prevent misunderstandings.
The Kerth looked at him and then asked, “Should we not formally sign a nonaggression treaty between our Alliance and your human governments?”  
To which the Commander replied,  “If we are busy trading and stealing each others toys, who is going to have time to fight?  There are no formal government officials here, I am military and there are military from other human planets here.  There are also traders from 10 or more human planets here.  Your traders will try to trade us out of any goodies we have just like our traders will try to trade your traders out of theirs.  
“We military know what a fight is like and the cost.  We are prepared to fight, but we'd rather settle disputes between traders, enforce the Star Federation laws, then sit in the sun and enjoy life.  We can wait a few years and let the government types muck up some contracts and treaties, or we can sit down now and write up binding agreements.  
“Captain Anderson can get you a list of all the laws that bind our Star Federation together.  Now each individual planet has its own laws and customs, but we don't much go by them unless we plan to land on the surface and mingle with the local population.  Also he can give you the Traders Laws along with examples of contracts signed with a dozen planets.  Also you might want to look over ships articles from several of our trader ships.  This will give you an idea how we operate.  
“If you will furnish Captain Anderson with the same type of information, tomorrow we can agree upon the Star Federation and Alliance Laws that will affect the traders.  Your Trading laws and our Trading laws are probably similar.   
“When a trading contract is already in existence on the planet then the trading ship has the option of going by that contract or leaving and going on to the next planet.  If the planet has no trading contract then the trader ship will try to get the best deal possible.  
“There is by Star Law public technology that must be given freely at every stop and also profit technology that the trader can bargain with, not to mention physical goods.  Let me give you an example that Captain Dent is familiar with.
“In the star system know as 'Home of Man' they have advanced medical techniques, and equipment.  The advanced medical techniques and technology to build the equipment is by Star Law public knowledge and must be freely transmitted at every port of call.  However, the physical equipment manufactured in the 'Home of Man' star system can be carried to another star system and traded for something else.  There is the profit.  
“For example, on DIRT the physical equipment was traded for wood grown on the planet.  That wood was carried to another star system where wood is scarce.  Therefore it is valuable there and was traded for more physical equipment manufactured there.  That equipment was brought back here.  Now some of the physical goods brought here were what we call solar panels.  When exposed to sunlight they produce electricity.  The technology to build these solar panels must be given freely, but the panels themselves can be traded.  If the planets trade commission doesn't want to trade for the physical solar panels, they can use the technology data to build the machines to build the machines to build their own panels.”  
It's like a quote Captain Fry told a friend of mine,  “I don't mind waiting a hundred years if I can get it for just about nothing.”  
About then one of the Kerth started howling so hard he rolled off his seat and around on the floor.  Only the Commander seemed concerned.  When he asked one of the others the reply was, “He was a master trader until he lost almost everything on a bad trade.  He will talk you out of your claws, and then want you to freely give him your fur to wrap them in.  Timing is everything and he knows it.  We think your Captain Fry must be a master trader.” 
* * *


Translation

The WOLF and trader CatchAll were the pair that was sent to explore the system the Alliance designated as ALBERT colony system.  It had originally been colonized by the Kerth.  After the Alliance was formed Gobblers immigrated until they made up about 20% of the systems population.  It was a rich planet with shallow seas and high in heavy metals.  The asteroid belt was also extremely rich in heavy metals and mined heavily.  The main exports from the system were in the atomic weight range of 58 to 112.  
As the human trader CatchAll entered the system it was hit by a small asteroid that had an erratic orbit.  The small asteroid punched a hole in the side just in front of the main cargo bay airlock.  None of the bulkheads ruptured, but the resulting concussion damaged the environmental systems and severed the main control conduits.
A shuttle from the Alliance trader WHY was en-route to a belt trade station to rotate personnel.  It detected the human trade ship accident and changed trajectory to render aid.  No sooner than it finished orbital adjustments than it was attacked and almost cut in half by a high energy weapon from the human star warship WOLF.  The WOLF then proceeded to the CatchAll and evacuated all personnel.  Their sensors detected spacecraft activity in the asteroid belt and around the 4th planet of the system.  Several spacecraft were headed in their direction at in-system speeds.  They immediately exited the system to the solar south and headed back to DIRT.  
The captain of the Alliance trader WHY sent a warning to all in-system ships that the alien ships were hostile and he was going to the Alliance Capitol to request warship aid.  The Alliance Capitol is a group of space stations aptly named STATION.  It was located in deep space half way between the Kerth and Gobbler star systems.  Each space station at one time started out as a colony ship before the FTLD was developed.  A squad of warships was dispatched to protect the Albert solar system with the instructions to fire only if fired upon.  The commander was also instructed to track the alien warship back to its point of origin.  The Alliance council called an emergency meeting, and diplomatic ships were sent to gather all the council members and inform all planets and traders representatives to gather at STATION.  

As the diplomatic ship entered the FRITZ system they immediately detected the alien ship observing from behind the outermost planet.  They also observed another alien ship inside the asteroid belt with two Alliance ships in close proximity.  They changed their trajectory to come inside the innermost Alliance ship and made contact.  After transmitting the Council's preliminary instructions they  transferred all the information and progress reports from the WHO and trader GETIT.  Captain Bath of the warship WHO declared that the aliens were of the same species as the ones on the transplant planet.  The diplomatic ship then returned directly to the STATION to report.
After the full Council evaluated the progress of the contact at FRITZ, it was decided by a small majority to give the humans at FRITZ the FTLD if the captains of the two contact ships agreed that the humans would not be hazard to civilization.  It they agreed then all technical assistance was to be made available to the humans to return to the DIRT system will all haste.  Only then may an interstellar war be avoided.  However all systems would be warned to avoid all contact with the humans until formal government contact was established and a treaty signed.  Colony defense forces were to avoid confrontation with any human ships that entered a system and only make their presence known by shadowing them at a distance of two light minutes as long as they were in an Alliance star system.  

Another report came in that the SHARON system was penetrated and when the colony defense force ship started shadowing the human ship it exited the system immediately. 
 
Then a report came in that the SEALS home system had been visited.  This time the human ship took up an orbit inside the systems asteroid belt and spent over a month observing.  It appeared to recognize the fact that it was being shadowed but made no effort to make contact.  Then it leisurely exited the system on a trajectory that would take it to the transplant system.  

Both Captains agreed that the humans were not hazardous to civilization provided they made contact with their superiors before the other human ship returned to the DIRT solar system and turned in a war report.  

The commandant of the human forces in the DIRT system after determining that the incident in the ALBERT system was an accident dispatched the Alliance hybrid ship with THE CAPTAIN MEDINA commanded by Captain Dent to the 'Home of Man' system.  They were instructed to pass on the FTLD technology to all ships there and make a round of at least 15 Star Federation planets before returning to the DIRT system.  Also they were instructed to inform all that the Alliance was not indifferent to the survival of the human race.  They would make a useful ally and good conduct would open a vast new trading empire.
Six months later the PHOENIX arrived at the DIRT system.  After updating all technological data, it picked up one of the Kerth and departed for the ALBERT system.  As the PHOENIX entered the ALBERT system they detected 3 of the Colony defense warships.  Their Kerth crew member announced over the local radio communications frequencies that this was a recovery mission.  Captain Medina decided to proceed at a leisurely speed to the last known location of the CatchAll.  From there he located the CatchAll drifting toward the inner system.  He then proceeded to its location and sent tugs to maneuver it to the empty bay on the side of the PHOENIX.  Before putting the CatchAll in the bay he put on a 3 day show of having the ship examined.  The Kerth monitored all in-system communications and after the CatchAll was loaded he made radio contact with the system defensive force commander.  He conveyed the regrets of Captain Dent for the incident.  He also conveyed an invitation from Captain Dent for the commander to visit the PHOENIX before it departed.  The commander of another Kerth ship accepted the invitation and boarded the next day.  
After a tour of the cube warship and the CatchAll he agreed that the incident could have been worse.  The damage to the CatchAll did resemble the damage done by a missile, however the fragmentation of the meteoroid was evident.  He complemented Captain Medina on the conduct of his crew and admitted that he was very worried when the PHOENIX first entered the system.  After calculating the trajectory and time of departure of the WOLF the PHOENIX departed on an intercept course.
After 3 tries the PHOENIX finally came within 30 light minutes of the WOLF.  Captain Medina sent a hail to the WOLF and matched trajectories.  Knowing how nervous the captain and crew of the WOLF would be he relocated his matching trajectory every 25 seconds until contact was made.  Then he transmitted all the Public knowledge and technology information to the WOLF.  Then with the  permission of the WOLFs captain he matched trajectories at 5 light minutes and offered to carry the WOLF to the DIRT system.  The WOLFs captain was still a little Leary about the PHOENIX so Captain Medina sent over a shuttle to pick up an observation crew to examine the CatchAll.  Captain Fredericks and Captain Jones both accompanied the investigation crew to inspect the CatchAll.  After touring the CatchAll they were invited to the PHOENIX cube warship bridge.  Captain Medina then explained in person how contact was made in the FRITZ system and then he introduced the Kerth representative he had on-board.  Then Captain Jones returned to his ship and the tugs guided it into the PHOENIX bay.  After powering down everything except the environmental system and internal gravity Captain Jones returned to the PHOENIX bridge just in time to observer their arrival in the DIRT system.  As they entered the DIRT system they were hailed by the Alliance warship JENNY and the cube warship CUBE 9.  Both Captain Sissy Ransome and Captain Ricer inquired their intentions and if they had found the CatchAll and WOLF.  Captain Medina informed both that all parts of their mission were completed successfully and a full debriefing would be held at the HQ ASAP.  
Commandant Mooney informed everyone that a trade contract was successfully negotiated.  His intentions were that the 2 interstellar civilizations become intertwined in trade immediately.  That way any probable reason for war would be preempted.  Copies had been sent by diplomatic ship to the STATION.  Other diplomatic ships had been dispatched to the 18 human planets they knew about to carry the news.  Their instructions were to enter the systems, broadcast the Public technology and trade contract and then immediately depart for the next system with no physical contact.  The biggest bottleneck at the present time was that the Star Federation didn't have enough FTLD ships to carry traders to the Alliance planets or around the Star Federation.  All the traders were clamoring for immediate transportation.  Commandant Mooney then announced that the Star Federation needed to establish a central government location for all the planets to send representatives to.
However in the meantime he intended to form a board of Captains to go to the STATION to iron out any quirks in the Star Federation and Alliance Laws.  This he hoped would preempt the planetary governments from mucking everything up.  Many of the exploration ships were still out and he dispatched the PHOENIX to locate as many as possible and return them to the DIRT system.
That evening everyone started making plans to celebrate the contract and new star year.  In 20 days it would be 14226 and the momentous events of the last year were enough reason for a celebration.  
* * *


The Gathering

Never had so many of the Star Federation traders and warships congregated in one star system at one time.  The PHOENIX had retrieved 6 pairs of ships in the 20 days before the celebration.  Only one pair wasn't located.  Half the ships had constructed a giant docking station and were docked.  It started out with 3 of the traders building frames to anchor their main cargo airlocks together.  Then they anchored the three ships with beams connecting along their outer perimeter.
Nine other traders decided to construct airlock tubes to connect one of their personnel airlocks to the personnel airlocks of the three base ships.  They used their gravity drive to secure their ships to the 3 base ships.  Outer docking points were set up for shuttles from all ships that wished to send personnel to the celebration.  
The Alliance representatives were amazed that the humans would go to such extreme steps to have a get together.  They were also puzzled as to why such a celebration was warranted.  After all the Kerth were similar to felines, and could not understand such a diversified gathering.  After their family unit was the clan.  The females were the binding force in their society.  The young males cooperated among themselves until they were selected by a female to mate.  After that the males were so territorial that fights erupted easily.  There were only 2 females in the DIRT system.  Captain Ricer on the Alliance warship JENNY.  The other, Dame Alice, a member crew that came on the KILLER from the Alliance FRITZ system.
Commandant Mooney was informed by Dame Alice that after the celebration was over she would accompany him and his group of Captains to STATION. 
* * *


Visit to the Council

Five Captains wanted to accompany Commandant Mooney.  They were Captain Fredericks of the Star trader CatchAll, Captain Jones of the Star warship WOLF, Captain Anderson of the Star trader TRAPPER, Captain Torrens of the Star trader FLIER, and Captain Albert Medina of the PHOENIX that was carrying them all.  The CatchAll and WOLF were reloaded in the bays of the PHOENIX.  After Dame Alice was aboard she gave the coordinates to the STATION.

Luckily she was on the bridge when they approached the STATION.  Half a dozen Alliance warships locked weapons on the PHOENIX as soon as it came within a light hour of the STATION.  She called them and declared who they were and why they were there.  It wasn't until a member of the Alliance council told them to stand down that the weapon locks were dropped.  The council member then welcomed Dame Alice and told her to introduce the human captain that was in command of the spacecraft.  Dame Alice brought forward Captain Albert Medina and introduced him.  Then she introduced Commandant Mooney and Captain Jones.  
The council member asked Captain Jones if she was mated.  When Captain Jones answered in the affirmative she asked where her mate was.  Captain Jones replied that her mate was still in the DIRT system waiting.  She then asked her if the other two captains being male were allowed to command star ships.
Captain Jones then stated that the human males were not that territorial and were also allowed to be captains of star ships.  However they are protective of all human females whether they are mated or not.  They would behave themselves.  Then she told the council member that Commandant Mooney was in command over all the captains and their ships in the DIRT system.  The humans had a loose Star Federation that worked together for the good of all, but each planet fiercely guarded its own independence.  This visit was Commandant Mooney's idea to fix a Trade Contract with the Alliance since the Alliance government was the central ruler within the Alliance.  Also he could explain anything within the Star Laws and Trade Laws that the Alliance council had questions about.
The council member then stated that a guide ship would come out and guide them to a docking location.  Since the time was late in the day they would be allowed a short tour of their immediate docking location and in the morning they would come before a portion of the council.
Of course the docking tubes would not match up.  Captain Medina sent out a crew to make a mating collar to match the docking tube to the PHOENIX airlock.  It took 5 hours to manufacture the mating collar and there were more observers from the Alliance station than there were workers from the PHOENIX.  Captain Medina left Captain Sissy Ransome in charge of the PHOENIX, after all the CUBE 9 was the tail warship in the PHOENIX.  Dame Alice acted surprised, but made no comment.  
The group entered the STATION.  Due to the time used constructing the mating collar the local time was night.  After being escorted to their assembly room Dame Alice requested that they all be allowed to return to the PHOENIX until the meeting in the morning.  
As soon as they returned to the ship she called all the captains together and told them the Alliance council rules of etiquette.  Because she was a planetary leader the council would address her until she introduced Commandant Mooney as the leader of the humans within the DIRT solar system known to them as transplant.  He would then have to explain to them how the human chain of command worked, and the fact that the planet itself was not under his command, just all the spacecraft within the system.  Also as a symbol of authority each captain must have a dagger and he must have each of his subordinates surrender their dagger to him once he is acknowledged as being the leader and seated.  None of his captains may be seated until he is seated and he may not be seated until the council invites him to be seated.  None of his captains may speak until he signals them that they may.  If the council addresses one of them directly, they should bow their heads to him and that is the signal to the council that they are not allowed to speak until he allows.  After the meeting if he desires he may present his dagger to the leader of the council if he so desired.  That isn't mandatory, nor is it a sign of subservience to the council since he is commander of a group of sovereign spacecraft.  It would be more of a symbol of understanding and peace.
The next morning Dame Alice led the group back to the assembly room they were shown the night before.  A council representative came in and let them to the main council chambers.  Commandant Mooney walked in beside Dame Alice and the other 5 captains followed.  Dame Alice came to a halt behind a small wall a few paces inside the door and stopped.  
The council was on a slightly raised section of floor that was angled so those seated in the back could see over those in the front.  From the low wall the floor sloped down to a low point in the center of the room.  There was only 1 row of seats behind the visitors side of a long table. 
A member of the council called Dame Alice forward.  She approached the table and laid her jewel encrusted dagger on the table but remained standing.  Another member of the council instructed her to be seated and to state her business before the council.  She then gave the brief story of what had happened in the FRITZ system and asked to introduce the commander of all the human ships in the transplant system.  After a short discussion she was given permission.  She then stood and waived Commandant Mooney forward.  
As he stepped up to the table he pulled from under his jacket a gold plated sheath knife about a foot long and laid it on the table in its sheath.  Several members of the council questioned Dame Alice as to why a male was allowed to carry a weapon in her presence.  She replied that she trusted him even though he had a mate back in the DIRT system.  She then explained that the male humans were somewhat aggressive and territorial whether mated or not, but they were very protective toward all human females and any female of another species that they became acquainted with.  In other words he would kill anyone that threatened any female he had made friends with.  
Then the council member said, “If that was so, how could they allow females to command a star ship and be off on her own?” 
Dame Alice answered that with the statement, “Members of different families and clans bonded when they made themselves subordinates to a ships captain.  Then they will defend any member of the ship with their lives as they would their own family.”
A council member then instructed Commandant Mooney to have a seat.  She then asked if he would like to introduce the others he brought with him.  
Commandant Mooney then told the council that each member of his group was the captain of a star ship.  He only brought 5 with him, and the others left behind would follow the orders he gave to start bringing the planet DIRT up to their technological level.  He remained seated as he introduced each of them by pointing at them.  He then asked permission of the council to allow them to be seated.  
When a different council member said it was allowed, he waived them to be seated to his right.  
Each captain approached and pulled a dagger or knife from belt and boot sheaths and laid them on the table beside the commandant and then took a seat.  
Several council members were very disturbed when Captain Jones not only pulled a knife from her boot, but a small dagger from her sleeve.  The dagger had 3 jewels in the handle.
One of the council members asked Captain Jones directly, Are you a leader of a group of planets.”  
Captain Jones just bowed her head in the direction of Commandant Mooney.  He stared at the council member for a minute and then pointed at Captain Jones and waived his hand toward the council.  
Captain Jones then told the council that her mate gave her a new dagger with an additional jewel for each of her children.  She then explained that human females usually had one child at a time and hers were 3, 9, and 12 ship years of age.  Her mate and crew were protecting them while she was here.  There is a total of 23 children under the age of 20 on her ship.
This proclamation by a human female ship captain evoked several minutes of fierce discussion among the council.  Finally a council member slapped her hand on her desk and called for quiet.  She then informed the rest of the members that others were to be questioned also.  She then informed Commandant Mooney that she wanted to know the mated status of each of the other captains and a little about their star ships.  
The others remained seated as they gave their story about their ships except Albert.  
Captain Albert Medina stood and gave a slight bow with an arm flourish.  He then told his story about his ship the PHOENIX and the fact that it was 2 ships in one capable of carrying 2 additional star-ships like cargo.  The second ship in the PHOENIX was the same as his and had it's own captain and she was in charge of the PHOENIX while he was here.  
Several of the council members started demanding that the other captain be brought before the council.
Then Captain Medina stood again and requested to Commandant Mooney permission to address the council.  
Commandant Mooney after glancing at Dame Alice looked toward the council member that requested the information and ignoring the others requested permission for Captain Medina to make a statement.  He then stated, “I don't know what Captain Medinas statement will be, but I trust my captains, and will either support or punish them as circumstances dictate.”
She stared at him for a moment and the called the council to order.  They quieted down and then she stated to Commandant Mooney that he could allow his captain to answer the inquiry about why another captain was left aboard their spacecraft and if there was anyone else of sufficient responsibility to leave in command.
Captain Medina then stated, “The PHOENIX is a warship.  It consisted of two old style warships that can operate independent of each other within a star system.  Yes, there is a separate chain of command on each ship.  Commandant Mooney only requested 5 ship captains accompany him so the other captain on the PHOENIX stayed aboard.  If the council request and Commandant Mooney orders it, he would place one of the Executive officers in charge and order Captain Sissy Ransome to come here.  However Captain Ransome has not been briefed as to council etiquette.” 
The council member requested that Commandant Mooney order Captain Medina place a executive officer in charge and have Captain Ransome report immediately to the council chambers.  
Commandant Mooney waived at Captain Medina.  Captain Medina then pulled a radio from his vest and turned it on.  It squawked and then a male voice answered.  Captain Medina told him to put him thought to Captain Ransome.  As soon as she answered he instructed her to put the ranking XO in charge and go to the airlock.  Someone would meet her there and guide her to the council chamber where her presence was immediately requested.  As she soon as she said yes sir, he turned off the radio and put it back in his pocket.  He then informed the council that his captain would need an escort.
A little over 5 minutes later a very nervous looking Kerth led a human female in.  She stopped at the low wall and looked around.  
She wasn't the only one looking, several of the council were on their feet looking like they were ready to run.
Captain Ransome wasn't in dress uniform and her work uniform had several fresh stains.  Her tool belt had several tools and tool pouches plus a laser pistol.  All showed signs of use.  Captain Ransome then stepped over the wall and walked over to Captain Medina.  She snapped to attention and saluted.  As soon as he returned her salute she unfastened her tool belt and laid it on the table beside him.  He then told her to report to Commandant Mooney.  As she approached him she pulled a folding knife from her pocket.  As she opened it the hooked blade gleamed in the council light.  She laid it before the Commandant and he told her to go take a seat.  
After the council quieted down the senior member asked Commandant Mooney if she could see the knife and question the young female that just came in.
After questioning Dame Alice he instructed Captain Ransome to pick up her knife, proceed to the low spot in the chamber hall, show it to the council member, and then answer any questions from the low spot in the council chamber center.  She walked around in front of the table and picked up her knife.  As she approached the council member she extended it hilt first.  
The member looked it over making note of the fact that the blade had been sharpened many times and the handle had several nicks and dents in the wood.  She then asked if the captain if she would demonstrate how it folded up and opened.
Captain Ransome took a step back and held the knife up.  She then put her thumb against the center piece of metal and showed how it would move over from the knife hinge.  She then folded the blade into the handle.  The taking the knife in both hands she grasp the blade with two fingers and her thumb and the handle with 5 fingers of the other hand and as the blade pivoted out of the handle everyone heard the metal snap as center piece of metal locked into position.  She then demonstrated that it would not fold up.  Then she again put her thumb nail against the center piece of metal in the handle and moved it over and folded the knife shut.  She then asked the council member if she understood the way it operated and what other questions she had.
The council member then asked if she was a ship captain why she appeared in a dirty uniform.
Captain Ransome then explained, “My job and position is captain of CUBE 9, a 'Home of Man' warship.  However, to be a good captain I have to know my ship completely.  I don't have to, but I enjoyed good work, and it also lets my crew talk to me off the record without having to go through the whole chain of command.  The crew know my voice and I know them.  They will do what I ask whether I'm acting as the Captain on the bridge, or in the engine room with a rag in my hand.”  She then turned and walked back toward the table.  With the knife closed in her right hand she flicked it open with one handed and laid it on the table in front of the commandant, then turned and went to her seat.  
The senior council member then looked at Captain Medina and said, “The young Captain Ransome is extremely dangerous.  You should kill her before she sticks a knife in your gut.”  
He laughed and stated, ”One does not kill ones daughter just because she was extremely dangerous and proficient.”  
Then the senior council member asked the commandant if she could have a tour of the CUBE 9 with the young captain as a guide.  
When he agreed she said they would resume discussions, government, and trade business the next day.  
She got up and walked over to Captain Ransome and quietly stated you lead please.  
The commandant handed Captain Medina his and Captain Ransome's knives.  Captain Ransome picked up her tool belt and put it on and the knife in her pocket.  Then she lead the way back to the ship.
As they entered the ship a crew member blew a whistle and announced, “Captain on Deck.”  All up and down the hallway was sudden silence.  
As Captain Ransome led the way to the bridge, the crew members opened hatches and stepped aside.  After showing the bridge they proceeded to the engine room.  
As they entered someone yelled, “Captain on Deck” and immediately Sissy yelled back “As you were.”  Everyone then resumed doing what they were doing, however one grisly old male headed over to where they were by the hatch.  
He stopped 2 steps back and asked what he could do for the Captain.
Sissy told him that she was giving the council member a tour of the ship and would he please show them around the engine room.  
He pulled a small metal tube attached to his neck from under his shirt and blew into it.  Four distinct whistle notes came out as he moved his fingers along the tube.  From the far side of the room several males came over and replaced a few of the males and females at the control panels.  It took several minutes for everyone else to find a stopping work point and assemble in 2 lines behind the grisly male.  
Then one of the crew members at the end of each row announced prepared for inspection.  
Sissy then took off her tool belt and handed it to the grisly male and introduced him as Chief Brown.  She then told him to proceed.  
Chief Brown then turned around and handed the tool belt to the female on the end of the first row. She in turn handed it to the next person in line and told her to secure it in the captains locker.  She took one step back and turned and walked over to the wall and opened a small door and hung the tool belt on a hook.  She removed a jacket from the locker and brought it over to Captain Ransome.  The council member watched as Sissy unfastened her work uniform and stepped out of it and put on the jacket. The female then took the work coveralls over and hung them in the locker and closed it.  
The council member looked at the 2 lines of engine room crew and mentioned that several were armed with pistols. Chief Brown then said, “inspection” and led them to the first row.  
As they approached the 5th human in line Sissy reached out her hand and stated, “Give me your pistol and go get me a piece of scrap.”
  He handed her his pistol and then went over to another wall and returned with a piece of metal.
Sissy showed the council member the pistol and then told the human to step out of line and hold the scrap.  She then made an adjustment to the pistol and cut a curved section from one edge.  After removing the piece she made another adjustment and holding one end of it against the main piece she used the pistol beam to weld them together.  She then made another adjustment to the pistol and handed it back to the crew member.  
Turning to the council member she then informed her that even though the pistol was a deadly hand weapon it was also a handy tool.  When she came to the council chamber she wasn't considering the fact that on her tool belt were several weapons that probably violated several rules about council security.  She then told the chief to continue the tour.
As they left the engine room the council member continued to observe that as they approached other crew members they opened the hatches in the halls and stepped aside for Captain Ransome.  
The final stop was the officers mess.  Sissy asked the council member if she would like some refreshments.  
The council member sat down and stated that she wasn't sure if the refreshments would be safe for her because of the biological differences.  
Sissy called the master cook and told him that they needed refreshments.
He returned in a few minutes with 2 steaming cups of tea.  He place an ornate cup in front of Sissy and a plain cup in front of the council member and announced that Dame Alice liked this blend of tea.
The council member smelled and then took a small sip.  Her eyes opened wide and she said that it was very similar to a ceremonial drink she was used to, except it was served at body temperature.
The master cook apologized and simply stated that Dame Alice never mentioned that fact.  As he reached for her cup she placed a paw on his hand,  and stated that the drink was fine.  He waited until she removed her paw from his hand, then bowed slightly and left the room.  
Sissy then asked the council member if she was satisfied with the tour.
The council member said, “Yes.”
When they approached the airlock she instructed the crewman at the airlock to give her his weapon belt and knife.  As he handed them over he pressed a button on the wall and insisted that she should wait for a security detail to accompany her.  Before she could get the belt adjusted and fastened around her waist there were six heavily armed crew members running toward the airlock with weapons drawn.  
Sissy raised one hand and then pointed at the floor behind her.  She then announced to them that four of them may accompany her.  Two with rifles and two with long knives.  It took only a few moments for them to switch weapons and reform in a square around Sissy and the council member. Then the airlock crewman opened the airlock.  
Sissy allowed two of the escort detail to proceed her through the airlock first.  As she and the council member stepped past them she told them to fall in behind at shoulder arms parade escort.
The council woman led them back to the council chamber.  She then told Sissy that the two armed with knives only could enter, but the ones with long weapons had to remain outside.  
Sissy looked at the 2 Kerth guards already at the door.  With a hand signal she waive her two rifle guards to stand beside them and then handed one of them her pistol.  She then instructed the two armed only with knives to enter the council chamber and take up positions on either side of the doorway.  One of the Kerth guards opened the door and the two human guards stepped through and then one of them announced Captain Ransome and a council member.  Then Sissy and the council member entered and proceeded past the low wall down to the center of the chamber.
The council member stopped and faced Sissy and bowed her head momentarily.  Sissy did a half bow.  Then the council member in front of the rest of the council placed her paw on Sissy's shoulder and stated that she enjoyed the tour.  If the rest of the human female ship captains, were half as good as she was, it would be a pleasure to meet them.  She then pulled her dagger and pricked her paw and let a drop of blood drop to the floor.  She told Sissy that she should do the same.  Sissy pulled the knife from her belt and pricked her finger and squeezed a drop of blood out and let it drop beside the council members on the floor.  The council member then sat on the floor and announced for everyone to hear that as her and Captain Ransomes blood mixed so would her clan and Captain Ransomes clan be one forever.  She then took her dagger and mixed the blood.  
Sissy whispered to her that she wasn't familiar with this ceremony and hoped she didn't make a mistake.  Sissy then announced as she mixed the blood on the floor with the point of her knife, “My family and this council members clan are bonded in blood for all time, all for one and one for all.”  The council member then handed Sissy her dagger and held out her hand.  Sissy place the crewman's knife in the council members paw.  Then she put the council members dagger in her belt.  
The council member tucked Sissy's knife into her belt and then took Sissy's hand and they stood up together.  With a slight bow she released her hand and whispered that she knew that the knife belonged to one of her crew.  Sissy could bring one of her knives tomorrow to switch out.  
Sissy whispered back that all the crew and knives on-board her ship were hers.  That crewman would be honored that his personal knife was used by his captain to bond Sissy's family with the council members clan.  With that Sissy took a step back, turned and headed back toward the door.  As she approached the two guards opened both doors and then followed her through.  As they passed the first intersecting hall four fancy dressed Kerth guards fell in behind Sissy's escort.  All the Kerth in the hall after glancing at Sissy and seeing a council members dagger in her belt bowed to her as she passed.  
They knew something important happened and now the female human had a council escort.
As they approached the airlock the two guards they left behind snapped to attention and the airlock crewman lifted his whistle to his mouth and piped her aboard.  As the airlock closed behind her she told the crewman that his knife had been used in a bonding ceremony.  He was to come to the officers mess at 1900 hours and she would replace it.  With that she returned his pistol belt and headed for the bridge.
Once there she contacted Commandant Mooney and requested that he assemble all the captains for a briefing by her.  The commandant stated that they would all be in her officers mess in an hour.  
Forty five minutes later she arrived at the mess and gave the master chef a heads up about the briefing.  Dame Alice was sitting at one corner table sipping tea. 
* * *


Council Chambers

Dame Alice told Sissy that she wanted to know what the senior council member Claw had seen and said.  She wasn't the oldest member or the member with the biggest following, but she had more influence than any 2 members put together.  
Sissy told her that Commandant Mooney and the other captains would be arriving shortly and she would brief them all at the same time.  She was invited to attend.
The captains arrived before and after Commandant Mooney.  As he entered he saw Dame Alice.
Sissy then informed him that she invited Dame Alice to attend the briefing and she might be able to clear up a few customs facts.
As she told the story of the tour and then the events in the council chamber Dame Alice leaned more and more forward in her seat until she was almost laying on the table in front of her.  As she finished she looked at Dame Alice and asked her to comment on the ceremony back at the council chamber.
Dame Alice told her that she had not sworn allegiance to Council member Claw or her clan, but in human terms it was more of an adoption of each clan by the other so they were one clan against all enemies.  It also meant that the Senior council member Claw's clan and Sissy's family would cooperate and give each other family privileges when dealing with each other against all others.  Sometime very soon Sissy would receive a clan sash with the Claw clan emblem that she should wear whenever she went into a formal or trade situation.  Sissy would be expected to give her clan or family emblem to Dame Claw at that time.  Also any request to join or bond with another clan should be at her discretion and should not be done on the spur of the moment as Dame Claw had done.  It was a serious matter and she would explain the full ceremony and ramifications to all later this evening, but now she had to go to her room for something and would return within the hour. 
Commandant Mooney asked if any of the captains had questions.  They all did.  
Toward the end a crewman knocked on the door and requested to see Captain Ransome.  She told him to enter.  He nervously stood at attention just inside the door as Sissy got up and approached him.  She told the assembled commanders that she had used his knife in the clan ceremony and she pulled her knife from its sheath and presented it to him.  She praised him and announced to the Captains that he was the kind of crew member that made her proud to be a ship commander.  She then told him to return to his post.
He looked at the knife and said, “This is to fine a blade for me to use as a daily tool.  The hilt is engraved with the your family shield.  I can't accept this.”
She smiled as she stated, “It will be an honor for you to wear my knife at any occasion that you deem appropriate.  Dismissed.”
As he stepped out the door into the hall everyone heard him being congratulated.  She knew that word would spread through out the ship faster than the speed of light.  Dame Alice stepped in at that time and looking at Sissy stated, “Now I know another way you bind your crew to your wishes.  You are not a dangerous female, you are a very very dangerous and influential female.  Even with only one small ship you have almost as much influence and Dame Claw.  Here is my clan sash. If you can have someone copy the basic design we will design your family emblem.”  
Sissy then told everyone to wait and have dinner, she would be back in a few minutes.  As Sissy walked to her quarters she remembered her great great grandfather and the stories that were passed down about him and the Scottish clan he was the head of.  She pulled out the old photograph album from her personal chest that she had had since she was a child.  Near the bottom in another box she found the sash that was her maternal grandmothers.  On it were the emblems of 9 clans.  Only 2 other clans that she knew of still had members alive on Saturn.  The rest died on Earth.  With tears in her eyes she returned to the officers mess.
As she entered carrying the keepsakes she had, she laid them in front of Dame Alice and explained the tartan sash and the fact that of the 9 clans represented there there were only members of 3 clans still alive and she and her children were one.  She then opened the photograph album and turned to the page showing her grandmothers family crest.  Dame Alice was impressed and then laid her clan sash beside Sissy's on the table.  Even though it had more emblems it was plain.
Captain Albert Medina stepped over to the comm center and called his ship and told his aide to get the tailor and report to the CUBE 9 officers mess ASAP.  He then called Chief Brown.  As the tailor arrived Albert told him to take pictures of the sashes and he wanted the 2 tartan sash duplicated before morning.  He told Chief Brown that he wanted 5 duplicates of Captain Ransoms family crest by morning.  
Chief Brown handled the sash like the rare and valuable heirloom it was, as he gently removed the crest, broach, and shoulder pin.  He looked at Captain Medina and said, “they all go together,  I know because my great great grandfather on my mothers side was a McGregor.  I have just the men to put on this project.  With that everyone except the Captains and Dame Alice left.”
Sissy looked at her father and said I didn't know you knew, grandmother never told me she told you.
Commandant Mooney then called up the the XO of the PHOENIX and asked him if he knew of anyone aboard that could work with leather.  The XO and a crew woman arrived 15 minutes later.  He told her that he needed 6 leather sashes made and each was to have a one inch ring at the bottom where it would hang at the hip.  They were to be solid blue or brown in color.  He then turned to the captains and asked if any of them had family crest or swords with them.  Only Captain Jones had hers in her ship.  
Early in the morning the tailor delivered the tartan sashes to Sissy.  Chief Brown was behind him with the metalwork.  As Sissy stood in her ready room he place the sash over her shoulder and attached the crest and broach.  He then showed her how the shoulder pin was to be fastened to the uniform blouse through the epaulet.  Under the bow on the hip he explained to the tailor that there needed to be a dagger sheath, and sent him back to mount one on the second sash.  He then stated that he needed to see Captain Jones before she left for the council chambers.  He then presented Sissy with two more daggers with her family crest on the hilt.  Then he bought out a Sabre with her family crest on the pommel.  He also presented to her a Sabre belt to hang the scabbard from.  She looked at the curved blade and asked how can I pull this and how is it used.
He put the belt to his side and with his right hand grasp the scabbard and pulled the Sabre with his left hand.  He then showed how her hand was to go inside the guard.  Then he explained that the Sabre was a slash weapon that could take a head or arm off with one blow.  The curve causes it to slide or saw down the length of the blade.  If she had to stick someone with the point the fastest way to get the Sabre free was to put her foot on the body and step across pulling the Sabre up and out and then continue by bringing the arm up and around for the next slash.  He then informed her that he was volunteering to be her personal guard for the trip into the council chamber ceremony.  She accepted and told him to be ready by 0900.
While eating a good breakfast in her officers mess Commandant Mooney entered.  He grabbed a cup of coffee and came over and sat down.  He tangled his sword in the chair legs.  Over his right shoulder was a brown leather sash hanging to his right hip and the sash had a loop on the bottom that fastened to a belt around his waist.  From the ring at the bottom of the sash a 30 inch scabbard hung with a straight sword.  Two more captains came in and sat at the table.  They were also having problems with their swords getting tangled up in the chairs and between their legs.  Sissy excused herself and went to get dressed.
Her aide had her dress uniform laid out.  As she helped her dress she placed the sash over her left shoulder and attached the shoulder pin through the epaulet and sash.  Then she showed her the dagger sheath under the bow.  Then she put on the sword belt and clipped the Sabre scabbard to the hangers. Then she stepped well back and told Sissy to practice drawing the Sabre several times.  On her first draw she sliced a groove in the ceiling.  After 3 more tries she didn't cut anything and marveled at how easy it was just to turn her wrist and reverse her swing.  Sissy commented that the Sabre felt like a natural extension of her arm.  
When she arrived back in the officers mess she was the peacock among a gaggle of geese.  Only Captain Jones was almost as fancy.  From her brown leather sash hung a large cross, but on her left hip was a short sword.  The scabbard looked ancient and one could see the dents, notches and scratches on the sword cross guard.  That sword had seen service.  
Captain Medina looked at his daughter and said, “Have a seat.  Chief Brown and one of my men will be here in a minute.” 
Since Sissy had practiced sitting down with her Sabre on she didn't get tangled up in anything and only Captain Torrens noticed that every time she turned she always turned to the left because her Sabre hung on her right hip.  As he commented about that Chief Brown and another crewman arrived.  
The chief wore two swords in scabbards mounted to his back.  Each strap in front each had 3 sheaths for 6 inch knives.  Sissy looked at him and commented, “You look like a walking armory.”  
He then lifted one foot and showed the ankle sheaths and the razor boots.  His only comment was, I'm proficient with all the weapons I have at hand, including the throwing knives.”  
The other crewman simply wore a sword and several knives.  
Captain Medina then instructed the guards that when they arrived at the council chamber they were to take a position on either side of the chamber door inside and remain silent.  They were to take no action unless someone died first and then only the aggressor was to be executed.  
Dame Alice met them at the airlock with 2 guards armed with knives and pistols.  As the airlock opened they observed an honor guard from the council.  Dame Claw was at its head and motioned them to join her.  She turned and headed down the hall.  As they approached the council chamber the first two guards opened the doors.  
The chief and the other guard stepped through and to the sides.  Dame Claw gave them a disapproving look and then stepped through the door followed by the Commandant and all the captains.  The last 2 guards stepped to either side of the doors in the hall and put their backs to the wall.  Two of the honor guards stepped into the chamber and took up positions by the human guards.  The ones that opened the door stepped over and stood beside the hall guards.
The inside of the council chamber was packed with Kerth, Gobblers, and Goshen.  Dame Claw escorted them around the wall and down to the middle of the chamber to an oval wood table.  After she got everyone seated there were still 3 chairs open.  She turned and announced that the representatives of the races of the Alliance should come down and be seated.  After they were seated she took the seat at one end of the table.  She looked down the length of the table at Commandant Mooney and stated that the rules were that she and he would be the ones to determine who was allowed to speak and when.  He nodded agreement and she continued by saying that before any agreement could be reached a settlement of the incident in the Albert system must come to a successful resolution.  She had a report from Dame Alice and it was satisfactory as far as it went.  She understood that the captain of the war ship and the damaged ship were present.
Commandant Mooney nodded to Captain Frederick and said he was the captain of the trade ship that was hit my the meteor.  Then he nodded to Captain Jones and said that she would explain her reason for firing upon the shuttle.  
Captain Jones stood and took off all her weapons including her sword.  She then stated that she was tracking the trader CatchAll as it entered the system.  Less than a minute after it slowed down it was hit. All communications were lost and her navigator told her atmosphere was venting.  Her weapons master declared that he had spotted a small ship maneuvering approximately 6 light minutes from the CatchAll.  At that time I assumed that the small ship had launched some unknown type of weapon and ordered it destroyed to prevent any more attacks.  The decision to destroy the perceived threat was mine and I assume all responsibility for the loss of life aboard that shuttle.  With that she picked up her sword and drew it from the sheath and carried it to the end of the table and placed it in front of Senior council member Claw and stated that whatever the decision she would abide by it.  She then returned to her seat, picked up the cross, stepped away from the table and sat down on the floor with her back to the table.  
Senior council member Claw then announce that her guilt was admitted from her own mouth.  Was there anyone that had anything to say.
After a few moments silence Dame Alice stood up and stated that any sane Kerth would have made the same decision under the same circumstances.  She showed restraint by not destroying all the spacecraft within range of her weapons.  That warship was here in the STATION system and its weapons, if manned, could probably destroy half the STATION defensive fleet before they could destroy the WOLF.  It was armed with weapons that traveled at the speed of light guided by computers just as fast.  What it could see and identify it could target and destroy.  The council decision is final and I will execute the decision since I am a friend.
After a few words with the other 3 council members at the table council member Claw made some entries in her keyboard and then asked the members of the council to vote.  Almost all the Gobbler and Goshen voted that the ship be either annexed into the Alliance STATION defensive force or destroyed.  One third of the Kerth voted death to the captain and the rest voted that the ship become a remembrance and kept here at the STATION and the Captain be banished from Alliance space.  Then Senior council member Claw walked over to the seated Captain Jones and announced to her and the assembly that her warship was forfeit to the Alliance STATION for its disposition, and Captain Jones was banished from all of Alliance space for all time.  She was also forbidden to be the captain of any spacecraft for all time.  Dame Claw then reached down and took the sash from her hands and cut it into several pieces with her knife.  She then called 2 guards to escort her back to the PHOENIX.  The guards took a cord, dropped it around her wrist and escorted her away.
Then Senior council member Claw sat down and addressed Captain Fredericks by asking since his spacecraft was damaged in the Albert system if he wanted to claim any damages. 
He rubbed his forehead and then looked at Commandant Mooney.  Then he stated, My ship can be repaired and I only lost 27 crew.  I will take care of all repairs and the families of the crew.  No damages will claimed because it was an act of nature, nothing that any man, Kerth, or other known intelligent species could prevent.”  
She then called for a yes no vote to accept Captain Fredericks decision.
The vote was to accept Captain Fredericks decision as final.
The she brought up the Alliance Laws and the Star Federation Laws.  After posting on the computer the Alliance Laws and the Star Federation Laws she stated that the Alliance and the Star Federation should become partners, sovereign over their own planets at this time.  The overall border of the Alliance and Star Federation should be the perimeter of their combined occupied space.  In the future any populated planet by any species or combination of species would decide on it own whether it becomes under the jurisdiction of the Alliance or the Star Federation governments.  If the population could not decide on its own then the planet would become a protectorate of both the Star Federation and the Alliance and considered neutral, but required to abide by the present Laws of both the Alliance and Star Federation.  She then called for a yes or no vote and if it passed then it would be added to the Laws of both the Alliance and the Star Federation without objection.
It passed and became number 7 to the Alliance Laws and Commandant Mooney declared it would become #6 of The Star Federation Laws effective today's date.  
Senior council member Claw then raised the Trade Laws in effect in the Alliance and Star Federation.  Her suggestion was to leave them as they were.  The traders would abide by the present contract that the planet had whether it was an Alliance planet, Star Federation planet, or in the future a neutral planet.  Only in paragraph 3 could any conflict arise.  Her suggestion was that all traders abide by the existing planet contract as far as appeals go.  Policing violations would be a joint project.  She then called for a yes no vote.  Her suggestion passed.  
Then she stated that a history and technology transfer be started immediately.  She also suggested to Commandant Mooney that now with FTLD all the human worlds were within reasonable time distance that the Star Federation organize and activate a central government.  The Alliance council would expect an answer back within 10 years and then they could continue further negotiations.  
Commandant Mooney stated that that was a fair request and as soon as enough FTLD ships were built to traverse the distances of the human Star Federation it could be voted upon.  
Only one more item was brought up and it was about trade, all trade ships should have a mixed crew from Alliance and Star Federation for their first visit to any planet in either the Alliance or Star Federation to smooth the way for later trade ships. This was agreed upon by vote.
Senior council member Claw then asked the council if there was any more business that needed to be addressed.  When no one brought up any business she closed the Council Meeting and opened the chamber to personal business.
The first order of business was the formal joining of the Kerth Claw clan and the human Ransome clan.  If there were not objections the formal ceremony would proceed.  There were a few murmurs in the chamber but no one objected.   
She then stood up and moved away from the table.  Then she called upon Dame Alice to witness and Captain Ransome to approach.  Her aide brought out a sash that she slung over her shoulder.  As Sissy stepped in front of her she took a good look at the sash and crest mounted on it.  Dame Claw took two steps back and then proclaimed that Captain Ransome led her to believe that her clan was a small poor clan that would benefit by being adopted by the Claw clan.  
Sissy looked her in the eye and then stated, “Dame Claw, you started the joining ceremony without any discussion or time to conduct investigation into the resources of either clan.  Yesterdays informal pact can go three ways.  We can join as equals, we can use yesterdays informal pact as a friendship only pact, or if you wished to break it completely all you have to do is draw your knife and point it at my heart.”
Dame Claw was used to getting her own way and she stupidly drew and waived her knife at Sissy.
Sissy took a step back and asked, “Does this meant war between our clans and what will settle the disagreement.”  
Dame Claw brought her knife up and said, “Only blood will settle the dispute.”  
As Dame Claw lunged forward Sissy reached down and drew her Sabre with a flourish.  The tip caught Dame Claw's knife arm and sliced to the bone.  Dame Claw dropped her knife and screamed in rage.  Sissy then reached out with the point of her Sabre and lifted the sash from Dame Claw's shoulder and tossed it on the table.  Then she announced,  “Dame Claw has brought shame on herself, and her clan should select a new leader.”  
Then she felt a hand on her shoulder and Chief Brown handed her a piece of cloth to wipe the blood off her Sabre before putting it back in its sheath.  
Dame Claw then screamed for her guards, “Kill the upstart human.”  Four guards started forward and drew their knives. 
Dame Alice loudly proclaimed, “This is a personal dispute and anyone attacking Captain Ransome or her body guard is acting only for Dame Claw and not for the council or the Alliance.”  
Then Chief Brown calmly said to Sissy, “Go stand by the table, I will handle this.”  With that he slowly reached up and pulled one sword and announced to the four guards, “Are you at peace with your maker.  If not I will wait until you say your battle and death prayers.”  
This brought a gasp from almost half the Kerth present.  Three of the guards stopped dead in their tracks, yet the fourth reached into his tunic and drew a pistol.
As he was raising the pistol Chief Brown pulled a throwing knife and threw it at the guard.  It struck the guard in the chest.  
As he hesitated the Chief took five quick steps and neatly sliced off the guards arm.  As he backed away he told the other three guards to take care of the injured guard and to decide whether their loyalty was with Dame Claw or the council.  
After a few seconds one said that his oath of loyalty was to the council.  Dame Claw was part of the council.  The whole council should decide whether the human female should die or not.  
One of the Kerth at the desk said that they should have an immediate vote to keep council member Claw on the council or throw her off for misconduct.  The Kerth member at the table in the middle of the chamber announced that the majority voted to dismiss Dame Claw from the council for misconduct and giving an illegal order to the council guards.  
She then got up and walked over to the severed arm on the floor and picked up the pistol.  Holding it over her head by the barrel she informed the council that the guards injury and possible death were the result of an illegal order and an illegal weapon in the council chamber.  The human male had no choice except to defend his Dame and himself.  They are not guilty of any wrong doing.  This decision is final.  Henceforth blade weapons longer than the distance between the hand and elbow, will not be allowed into the council chamber.  Also any person bringing a power weapon into the council chamber signs their own death warrant.  Exceptions may be allowed by majority vote of the council if no blood is spilled.  This decision is final.  Any questions?  Vote on this now.
Both decisions were passed.
Then Dame Alice stood up and proclaimed to Captain Ransome,  I am the clan leader of the Kerth planet FIRTH.  I am also the chosen representative of all the population of the planet FIRTH.  You are welcome on FIRTH at any time.  I will put forth to the population that the planet FIRTH join with your family clan for all time.  The decision of the population of the planet will take 1 year.  At that time your consideration should be complete.  We will meet on FIRTH and if both your clan and the population of FIRTH agree we will formally join with the proper ceremony.  If not then we shall simply celebrate our friendship.  This is a proper notification of desire to merge clans on an equal basis.  I so declare.  
I, Captain Sissy Ransome will put this consideration to my clan members and will deliver my answer to you and your clan in one year.  I declare this be true and we shall be friends regardless of the decisions.  With that Sissy stepped over to Dame Alice and held out her hand.  
Dame Alice took her hand and held it up.
The council member at the wood table then asked if there was any more business to transact.  If not everyone may depart in peace, as declared by the Alliance council.
Commandant Mooney asked Dame Alice to consider if she wanted to return to DIRT or FIRTH.  Before she had time to answer, he had turned to the lead council member and asked where she wanted the warship dropped.
She said that a Defense Force officer would be at their ship within the hour to show them where.  He should have his crew remove all weapons from the warship before dropping it off.  
Commandant Mooney bowed to her and headed toward the door.  As he exited the council chamber he was stopped by several Alliance Defense Force officers.  They requested that they be allowed to accompany him back to his ship.  They were all armed.  The Goshen handed the commandant a belt with a pistol in the holster.  He thanked them and strapped the pistol on.  Then the Kerth handed him a vest and said he hoped that it would fit.  Then with a grin showing many pointed teeth he stated that the military had to be loyal to the government, because they had to fix all the problems that the ambitious politicians caused.  
As they entered the PHOENIX officers mess he called the Captains and instructed them to get the crews together and strip all weapons from the WOLF, however leave the environmental system, the gravity plates, and drive.  
The Gobbler officer then stated through his translator that some mystery between friends enhanced friendship.  It also kept everyone honest.  With that they all laughed and suggested that they have some refreshments while waiting for the crews to do their assigned jobs.  Over refreshments they discussed the need for a unified Star Federation government among other topics including generalities of weapons and weapon systems.  
Commandant Mooney told them about the weapons that had been developed on Earth prior to its destruction by the asteroid impacts.  He then told them about the war between the settlers in the asteroid belt and Earth.  They hadn't needed to developed new weapons after moving their settlements to Saturn. The mining lasers were powerful enough and the only weapons the WOLF possessed were similar lasers and missiles.  With the gravity drive we had, we needed the lasers to destroy anything that threatened the ship when it was traveling up to 3/4ths the speed of light.  Our detection systems are probably much better than anything you have and the lasers and navigation system are tied into them.  Anything detected that is to large to vaporize is avoided.  However we still loose a ship or two a decade.  
The WOLFs main mission prior to coming to the DIRT solar system was to keep the peace around its home planet.  Humanity still had some bad apples and piracy is always minor problem where rich cargoes are carried.  There is at least one planet in the human domain that is a pirate planet.  We've never been able to follow any pirate vessel back to its home planet.  However now with the FTLD our police ships will be able to catch the pirate ships and find their home planet.  That will change everything.  
Also the only alien cultures we previously encountered we left alone because one was still planet bound and the other was just beginning to explore it's own star system.  Back on Earth when a technological civilization moved in on a more primitive civilization we've had the experience that the more primitive civilization was usually corrupted to the point that it collapsed on itself.  That's why the only contact with the civilization on DIRT is through the government and scientist on one continent. They are using the primitive AM radio we furnished them to tease their population with progressive inventions and stories about how this and that will make their life better.  Then the invention is brought out in one place and from there the people themselves pass the word until others want it.  Ours and their best people figure in a hundred years we can bring them through their industrial age to space.  Then when they reach their moon they will find us there waiting.  At least with guidance they won't pollute their planet to the point of environmental collapse.  
* * *


A Museum

The WOLF was placed in a parking orbit near the STATION complex.  
It was decked out with enough lights to make it visible from a thousand kilometers.  
It also had two kinds of airlock mating systems build onto the hull.  
Together the Kerth and humans labeled everything on the ship in both languages.  The gravity plates were a wonder to the Kerth because none of their scientist had ever thought of the idea.  
It was designated a museum from the Star Federation!  
* * *


Computers

When Commandant Mooney left the STATION and headed back to the DIRT system he had accomplished everything he wanted.  The Star Federation and Alliance Laws were similar enough that they needed only one additional paragraph added.  The Trade Laws for both the Alliance and Star Federation were compatible.  It had been agreed that the trade ships to make first contact with the Star Federation and Alliance planets would have a mixed crew.  The incident at the Albert system had been defused.  The future of the DIRT system would remain in human hands.
The few rough spots wouldn't even be noticeable once the trade ships started visiting all the planets. Immigration of different species to the planets within the Star Federation and Alliance would smooth over the few rough spots in a century or two.  
All in all an interstellar war had been averted and the path to peace and prosperity looked good.

Upon his arrival back at the DIRT system he found that a new FTLD ship had arrived.  After downloading the addition to the Star Federation and Trade Laws to all ships they were instructed to head to the 'Home of Man.'  The captain of the Cyclopes informed him that the 'Home of Man' government was willing to build FTLD hybrid frames to sell to any and all.  Captain Sissy Medina volunteered to remain on station in the DIRT system for 5 years while Commandant Mooney got everything initiated for a central Star Federation government.  Her suggestion was that he get a deep space station for the government to prevent any particular world dominating the government.  She and her crew would also start a mining community and manufacturing complex in the outer asteroid belt to supply the planet.  
Her next question surprised Commandant Mooney, “Has an aerial survey for mineral resources been completed.  Oil will need to be discovered and drilled to start the industrial age.  Also large quantities of ore need to be located along with coal, unless government wants to develop an electrical industrial age.  I have several ancient civilization and archaeological experts on my ship.“  
Two weeks later Sissy was on the planets surface at the Villa.  John and Darin's sons met them in the main meeting hall.  Both showed their age having been born on the planet over fifty years before.  They said they would arrange for her to see the planetary president and Trade Commission leadership.  
The next morning the Trade Commission leadership arrived at the Villa.  Both were young and haughty in their attitudes.  Devin and Alex explained that the third member Faith Albertson would be over later in the day.  
Darin's son Stewart introduced Captain Sissy Medina of the starship Cyclops to them.
Sissy started off by telling them of the dating system that the Star Federation used and the year was 14226.  She then told them that she would be the Starship Captain in the system for the next five years and all off world decisions would be made and enforced by her.  She informed them that the crew of her ship would set up a manufacturing space station in the outer asteroid belt between the third and fourth planets.  Any extra trade goods needed on the planet could be made there.  
The progress the planet had made in advancing its civilization was admirable, but faster progress was needed. She only had five years to get an industrial base established on the planet.  Looking at them she frankly told them that if their civilization was exposed to the full knowledge of the other civilizations out there it would implode.  She was under instructions to implement a high speed instruction program to teach and acclimate the population to the fact that they weren't the only human beings in the universe.  
Both of them looked stunned.  Then they wanted to return to the city and think over the information she gave them and get more personnel from the Trade Commission involved.  
She agreed to that and arranged with them for a full briefing the next morning.
Three hours later President John Alexander and Faith Albertson arrived.  Accompanying them were two senior senators.  She started off by them that the crew of her ship would set up a manufacturing space station in the outer asteroid belt between the third and fourth planets.  The progress the planet had made in advancing its civilization was admirable, but faster progress was needed.  She only had five years to get an industrial base established on the planet. Looking at them she frankly told them that if their civilization was exposed to the full knowledge of the other civilizations out there it would implode.  She was under instructions to implement a high speed instruction program to teach and acclimate the population to the fact that they weren't the only human beings in the universe.  Then she asked the President about the two young men that had come out that morning.
He replied that they were political appointees and stupid to the point that he was considering having them removed.
She commented that she had given them both the same information and they were stunned.  She also mentioned that she hadn't told them everything because of their attitudes, and there was much more information that only really reliable personnel in positions of authority should have access to.  Could he vouch for the four of them and state emphatically that they could keep further information secret.  
He asked how sensitive the additional information was.
When she told him that it could make or break the planets civilization he asked for a private room where they could confer without interruption.
John Jr. took them to a private meeting room and told them that if they needed anything to just push the button by the door.  It was hooked up to a speaker and someone would answer them.  
An hour later they called and asked for Captain Medina.  As she entered the meeting room she noticed that all four were extremely somber.  The President informed her that he would vouch for the four of them.  He also reserved the right to stop the briefing at any time.  He explained that several scholars had gone insane after researching ancient writings and comparing them to the oldest archaeological records.  
Sissy started off by stating that she would list the items of the briefing in order.
1. There were four branches of humanity.  The ones that left the Earth approximately 11,000 years ago, those that traveled back in time, the modern ones that still lived in the Earth solar system, and the population of DIRT.  They were removed from the Earth in three groups at different times and brought to this planet for observation.  Could they live with that fact without starting a war?
2. The Star Federation consisted of 14 planets with populations from the 11,000 year old group. The time travelers had 2 colonies and many space habitats.   The modern men lived in the Earth solar system, but not on Earth itself.  The reason for that was the governments on Earth over a hundred years ago decided they would dominate the pioneers that had settled in the asteroid belt of the Earth system.  A war had ensued and some of the weapons the Earth governments used disrupted the orbits within the asteroid belt.  Since the asteroid belt was further from the sun than the Earth, the asteroids bombarded all the inner planets and enough damage was done to destroy the civilization on Earth.  The planet's ecology was damaged, but recovering slowly.  In about a five hundred years men may be able to live on Earth without extreme technological support.  More than 3 billion people died because of that war.  All 4 of them looked stunned, but wanted to continue.
3. The Star Federation had discovered 2 alien civilizations in their explorations.  One was still planet bound and the other was exploring it's solar system.  No contact had been made, but observation post were set up.  Due to the fact that the Federation at that time did not have a faster than light star drive it took hundreds of years to set everything up.
4. Then a trade ship discovered DIRT.  You have records of that visit.  It was only 150 years ago. Whatever impact that visit made on your civilization has hopefully mended itself.  That is why the second star ship, The Captain Medina, set a small group on the middle continent and they worked to cause your scientist and government to notice them and invite them here.  That is why the Villa ended up coming into existence.  They worked carefully to get your predecessors to create the Trade Commission and set up certain other institutions.  Contact with the planet has been strictly controlled because we didn't want to implode your civilization.  I hope you will modify some of your institutions and the Trade Commission to get rid of political appointees. Only reasonable responsible people should be included in their leadership.
5. Because of the results of the 1st trade ship's visit over 20 star-ships from the Star Federation and the Earth system rendezvoused here and were sent out to explore the surrounding space.  They discovered another alien civilization that consisted of four different species.  This Alien Alliance civilization has a faster than light star drive.  They are the ones that moved your ancestors from Earth to here.  Your planet was under their observation for over 800 years to determine if the human race was what they call a threat to civilization.  They have already run across another species that had immediately started a war and would not quit.  The Alien Alliance ended up having to kill them all and sterilize their home planet.  They almost waited to long because that species had built and launched several invasion fleets to other stars.  
6. The Star Federation and the Alien Alliance have come to an agreement.  Their individual laws will be observed by anyone in their sphere of influence.  Trade Laws have been modified so they are the similar for both civilizations.  That is just one of the reasons your planet's civilization needs to be brought up to star standards.  
7. No matter how careful we are and how information is controlled, sooner or later someone will notice the objects moving among the stars in the sky.  Then problems will arise.  That is another of the reasons your planet's civilization needs to be brought up to star standards as quickly as possible.
8. Our preliminary surveys from space indicate your planet is poor in certain minerals and metallic ores.  Our scientist estimate that your civilization will run short on those of planetary resources in another few hundred years.  These shortages of resources will probably cause a planetary war.  It's happened before.  That is another of the reasons your planet's civilization needs to be brought up to interstellar standards and quickly start utilizing all the resources in this solar system.  Look at what happened when one man simply made a superior knife using methods and equipment readily available to any village smithy.   There are two ways we can jump start an industrial revolution that will bring your planet to a space age within a century.  Education and information passed freely around the population.  It will activate the curiosity and inventiveness of the people of this planet and advance its technology quickly.  
I'll let you discuss this information and then we can discuss a plan I have.  With your input, together we can develop a general plan to modernize your planet with minimum turmoil.
President Alexander stated that they needed an hour of discussion here and then a day or two back at the capitol to get things set up.  He would keep the planning group as small as possible, but it would probably have a dozen members.  
The first thing the senators did upon returning to the capitol was to call a meeting of some senior senators.  After swearing them to secrecy they outlined the 8 points from Captain Medinas briefing.  As they discussed this new information it was decided that the whole Senate should be briefed that day.
After the Senate briefing and discussion the 2 senior Senators called for order and made several suggestions.  The first was that the Trade Commission leadership be changed immediately to one person and that be Faith Albertson.  After that was agreed upon the second was that the leadership of all institutions that might have direct contact with the Villa, and the star traveling humans be reviewed.  Competent and responsible people must head up all these institutions to prevent turmoil.  Next a planetary modernization plan must be developed.  A quick commission must be selected by tomorrow to meet with Captain Sissy Medina.  This plan should be adopted and reviewed by the Senate as progress is made.  Tomorrow morning we will meet again to finalize a planning commission and start updating the leadership of involved institutions.

The next morning a senate commission of eleven persons was finalized.    
Then the leadership of the institutions were questioned carefully and also asked who they relied upon the most within their organizations.  After those interviews they were told that all political appointees were under review and only the most competent and responsible would be retained, but not as political appointees.  Then they were all asked to submit their resignations to the Senate.  Only one refused.  He was then arrested by the senate security force and placed in isolation.  The gravity of the changes finally dawned upon them all.  Two of the others requested to make changes in the list of personnel they had submitted.  
The next morning President Alexander, Faith Albertson and the eleven members of the planetary planning commission arrived at the Villa.  They were ushered into a meeting room.  At the tables in the room were portable computers.  After teaching them how to use them Captain Medina entered.  
She gave the same eight point briefing and told them where on their computers the briefing was.  She then told them where the plan she and her experts had developed was and how to display it on the screen.  She then had her instructor tell them how they could modify the plan on their computers and how they could then display the changes to the other computers.  Finally how to merge all the changes and save them.  He explained that the changes when agreed upon and saved would be displayed in a different file and had to be signed off upon be each of them before it was finalized.  Then he sprung the most important bit of information on them.  The computer had to be password protected before it left the room for security reasons.  That meant that anyone could open it but would be unable to see what was on it unless they knew the password.  Also they could communicate among themselves by way of another program on the computer even at a distance.  Right now the distance was limited, but within a month they would be able to communicate anywhere on the continent.  World wide communication depended upon how fast technology was modernized.  These computers are solar powered so they must be placed in sunlight at least 2 hours every day.  You can use them while they are powering up if you have the top in the sunlight or facing an open window.  Anything your group finalizes can be printed by bringing one of the computers here to the Villa and seeing me or one of my crew.  Now we will leave you to start your discussions and make changes to the plan on your computers.  If you need any help or instructions press the black button by the door and someone will answer you through the speaker above it.
With that Sissy and her crew left the meeting room.  After a minute the president came out and said that his only worry wasn't that he would be left out of the planning.  How could he prevent plots from being developed and kept secret using the computers.  
Well, commented the instructor, anything that goes into a computer can be read by other higher level computers and we will be keeping all computer communications under observation.  If any plots against the president or senate are detected we will inform you.  By the way who is in charge of the committee.  
After a moments thought he answered that Faith would be the overall head of the committee and they would all answer to her and she would answer to the Senate.  Each member could also be called to answer to the Senate for their actions or lack of action.
Sissy called over one of the computer room crew.  He sat down and after tapping a few keys the pictures of everyone using the computers down the hall appeared on a big screen on the wall.  Then she instructed him to bring up the mail program and enter the following and send it to them.  
The planetary planning committee would follow the following structure.  
Faith Albertson would head the committee.  All members would submit progress reports to her and to the designated member of the Senate.  
All members of the committee were responsible for their actions or lack of action and would be censured if needed by the Senate.  
They were not to discuss any part of the plan or the technology they were brought in contact with.  Only persons cleared by the designated senate member and Faith Albertson would be made aware of the technology or the plan.
Upon finalization of the plan they would be instructed as how to implement it.  
Now sign it President John Alexander.
Now Mr. President watch the wall screen for their reactions as we send it.  It will be interesting.
Faith was the only one that didn't react when the computers chimed and then a voice from each computer announced that they had mail, press the F7 key.  She simply looked at her keyboard and pressed the key and then looked around after reading what came up on the screen.  The man sitting next to her leaned over to read her screen, so she simply closed it.  Then we could see him again in front of his computer.  She was pointing at the screen and then at the keyboard.  As soon as he hit his F7 key the fact popped up on the screen that the mail had been received.  Slowly one after another the mail received notation popped up on the wall screen.  
The president commented that he wished he could hear what was being said.  
Sissy then told him that to put all the wants and wishes into a computer would make it twice that size.  As the planets technology progressed then all these wishes could be added.  
He then headed back to the meeting room followed by Sissy's computer instructor, LTJG Fred.  
As they entered they saw Faith heading back to her seat.  
LTJG Fred asked everyone to pay attention to their computer.  He then stepped over to Faith's computer and picked it up an told her to follow him to the table up front.  He then had her sit down and he pointed out the way to get to the menu.  From there he instructed her how to open the mail program and how to use the finger pad to go to different points on the screen.  Then he pressed several keys and the wall behind him became a giant screen showing the keyboard and display of Faith's computer.  He then instructed her to go to the main menu.  As he was doing that he pointed out the F10 key on the wall screen and told how it was programmed to bring up the main menu.  He then pointed out the finger pad and told how by laying their finger on it they could move the pointer arrow around the screen.  Moving the pointer arrow over the name Mail he then told them to press the long button just below the pointer arrow.  That would activate the Mail program.  From there he walked them through step by step on how to address the mail, put a subject in, and then where to type the message.  He then sat down at Faith's computer and sent a message to the 1st address.  He then asked the receiving individual his name.  This he entered in the address book.  He then sent a 2nd and entered that persons name.  After sending everyone a mail he mailed the address book to everyone and then walked around the room installing it on everyone's computer.  He then instructed everyone to send someone else an mail using the names in the address book.  As everyone started getting mails he told them to look in the address section and see who the mail was from.  Then he told them to send the mail back to the sender using the reply key and to add a sentence with their name at the end.  As everyone read their replies Fred then told them to go back to the original message and forward it to someone else.  After walking everyone through the necessary steps he had them read what they got.  While they practiced he sat and quietly instructed Faith how she could read anyone's mail within her group since she was the in charge of the group.  
Her reply to him was, “Is nothing private on these machines?”
He told her that none of them could read her mail because they didn't have the permissions.  Nor could she read the presidents mail, because he wasn't in her group.  He however could read hers, but not her groups.  However she could forward any of interest to him just like a regular mail.  He then showed her how to send a group mail that would go to everyone in her group.  He then quickly sent a message to the president stating that he and Faith needed to return for additional training on the computers.  He asked the class if they understood how to send mails.  They were to answer by sending an mail to Faith stating that they did.
He then quickly reviewed them on how to get the menu up and how to bring the plan file up.  They were to start working on it and filling in any changes they thought it needed.  They were to do their own work and when he returned he would show them how to send the changes to the plan to the others and then make corrections and decisions on what to keep and what to not change.  He then showed Faith and President Alexander how to put their password on their computers.  After they entered them he told them to come with him.  
After several more instruction periods LTJG Fred showed each of them how to put their passwords on their computers and said he would see them in the morning.  
President Alexander told them to be here an hour after dawn and then wished them a good evening.  After they left President Alexander and Faith followed Fred to Sissy's office.  
She asked them if they would like to see the Starship that was in orbit above their planet.  She then told them she could take them up now or they could get a full tour after classes tomorrow since it was the start of the weekend.  Also the two senior senators needed to come and bring their most trusted and responsible secretary with them to the class tomorrow.  

The next morning Fred had everyone start off with a quick review.  Once satisfied he then went back to the senator.  The other senator sent his secretary and would try to get out to the Villa by lunch time.  Fred brought out 2 computers and handed them to the secretaries.  Both women sat down and opened them up and then looked at him.  He showed them how to turn them on and then how to enter their name and password.  He asked the senator to come over and sit beside his secretary and enter his name and password.  Then Fred explained to them that this advanced technology could be used to do many things from writing up complicated papers and tracking statistics to communicating at large distances.  He showed them using one of the laws that was written by the senate several years before how to put footnotes and references into the text.  Then he showed how to add hyper-links and add additional amendments as different files and the definition of sections that had been challenged by the courts and their interpretation and rulings.  After 3 hours of work on the original text of the law it looked like a colored patch quilt.  Then he took a law that the senate was considering and showed how it would look with all the changes and notes applied and how the 1st law applied to it and where there could be challenges because of the similarity to wording and intent.  He then explained that the computer didn't think for itself, it was merely a tool to help make complicated things easier to understand and track.  The human behind the keyboard was the real intelligence.  He then brought out a stack of papers from several departments of the local governments. 
The secretaries both immediately said that copying statistics was something that others did.  Fred then told them, yes others do this and will in the future, but for now you need to know how to do it so you can keep your senator informed of trends within his area of responsibility.  Bringing up a spread sheet program he showed how to design one and then started entering information in the columns from the audit sheets.  After about 10 minutes he showed them how they could see trends.  Then he brought up the law and added another hyper-link to it near the bottom.  He asked them to read that section of the law.
After reading it he had them key on the hyper-link.  The link came up and he pointed out why he had put in the dates on the spreadsheet.  Quickly it dawned on them that after that particular law had been passed the production of that particular item was affected by the tax the law imposed and then the effect the court challenge had.  The senator then looked pained and stated, no one else ever showed me or told me about any connection between these facts.  I wrote that law years ago.  What else did this law affect.  Fred looked at him and simply stated that statistics showed trends, not how the wording of a law would make and bend these trends.  Your secretaries know more about your particular area's of responsibility, and what you have done in the past than we do.  As soon as the solar panels, and radios are in everyone's home on all the continents we have a simple computer that we plan to introduce.  As it spreads through out your education system and starts being used it will revolutionize a segment of your society, and then information can be drawn from them.  It's natural spread from the education system to daily use by government, businesses, and then people in their daily lives will be revolutionary, and at the same time simplify certain things, yet complicate other things.  
One example will be farming.  Experts will be able to track crop yields by weather conditions in the past and estimate future crop yields as the weather that year is figured in.  Also surplus of certain crops in one territorial area will be quickly evident and shortages in another territorial area can be balanced by immediately shipping to that area.  Commerce will increase dramatically as businessmen realize the potential of situations like this.  We already have man working on farm near Black River.  He is tinkering with electrical motors to propel small toy wagons using solar cells as power.  As soon as he makes a few more of the toys he is going to interest some other workers with the idea of a full size model, and then a tractor to pull the plows now pulled by animals.  A farmer using a tractor can plow 3 to 4 times the area every day.  That will reduce the number of farm hands needed opening up that work force to manufacturing.  Some of these farm hands will go to work in the factory making more tractors and other things like self-propelled wagons that we call trucks.  Others may work as mechanics because mechanical devices need maintenance and sometimes break.  Of course this will cause turmoil in certain areas, but with proper planning and guidance this turmoil can be used to advance the farm based society to an industrial society quickly.  We have a base of experience to draw from so your government can avoid the mistakes other societies have made.  
Your secretaries will be the base within the senate to help you streamline the implementation of new laws to guide your society.  They will be able to analyze laws and data and show you where tweaking certain laws will have the best effects.  The information should enable you senators to really write more effective laws.  
We are through here for now and as your secretaries have questions on how to use the different programs they can come to the Villa for more instruction.  Also senator, you need to think about what other senators you need to bring into the technology circle and their secretaries.  Right now you are one step ahead of the president because he hasn't requested anyone in his section of the government be trained on computers.  
* * *


Teaching

As the class and work session finished up that afternoon LTJG Fred told the eleven commission members that they could take their computers with them.  Unless they ran into problems or had additional questions they were now on their own to tweak the plan that would affect their society for years to come.  A very great responsibility because this plan that they would give to the senate would be crucial in how their children and grandchildren lived.  As they left Fred shook each of their hands and wished them well.  The president and Faith remained.  
They were escorted to Sissy's office.  She greeted them and then brought in another crew member to brief them on what to expect.  During the briefing a warbling chime rang followed by an announcement that the shuttle had arrived.
As they entered the shuttle Captain Medina introduced them to the pilots, one was a Gobbler.  She then explained that at present only the Gobbler members of the Alliance had representatives in-system and they were being cross trained to use some human equipment.  Through his communicator he introduced himself and apologized to the planetary president for the fact that the Alliance had caused so much problems for the humans on DIRT.  At present his species realized that they could not make direct contact with the population of DIRT or even immigrate to the oceans of the planet.  Hopefully in a century or two they could immigrate and form a working partnership with them.  All this time he was moving levers and pushing buttons with his tentacles.  He then announced that they would be arriving at Captain Medinas spacecraft in about 5 minutes and he needed to concentrate on the arrival.  If they would please go back and sit down in the lounge they could watch on the view screen.  
As they boarded the Cyclopes, Captain Medina handed them off the the XO.  He took them on a brief tour of the engine room and then to the bridge.  They watched through the view screens on the forward wall as the Cyclopes approached the asteroid belt and then the space station still under construction.  The pilot slowly circled the station and then moved up to the completed docking port. Captain Medina then asked them if they wanted to tour the station.  
They declined.  
She then turned the bridge over to the XO and took them to the officers lounge.  The Master Chef had a great dinner laid out.  While they ate Sissy told them about the space station and mentioned that it would be used to manufacture additional products that were being manufactured on the planet.  That way the local factories would seem to be working at maximum capacity and the products would be more plentiful, no shortages.  They didn't plan to make anything here that wasn't manufactured already on the planet.  They were then shown to a suite where they could work and sleep.
  LTJG Fred showed them how to access the ship computer so they could look through the history of the Star Federation and 'Home of Man.'  He would assign a crewman to assist them in any information search they might want.
Ten minutes later Ensign (ENS) Wanda knocked on the suite door and told them that she was assigned as liaison and information officer to them.  ENS Wanda then asked them if she could give them a quick tour of the history of the 'Home of Man.'  When they agreed she brought up the suite computer and showed the Earth time line from the 20th century up to the present date.  She then clicked on the 3rd item which was the pioneers early years in the asteroid belt.  
Her comment was that their unexpected success at finding metallic asteroids and sending them back to Earth which at that time had a shortage of certain metallic ore caused upheaval in the market.  The miners of Earth used their influence to make the governments levy excessive taxes and limits on the imports.  Without understanding the full consequences the governments put in place rules and laws that caused the friction and eventually a war between the asteroid belt and the planet Earth.  Then their stupid policies forced the military to use weapons that unbalanced the asteroid belt starting a chain reaction that ended up destroying civilization on Earth.  
During the night an alarm awoke Faith Albertson and she called for ENS Wanda.  Wanda informed her that they should stay in their compartment, she would be by later.  She would program their view-screen so they could see what was going on if they wanted.
The screen came on and then Faith woke up the president to watch.  They could see on the right hand side asteroids flying by faster and faster until they became a blur.  Then they dropped off the bottom of the screen and there was nothing but the stars.  After a few minutes a dot appeared near the middle of the screen.  Suddenly they started hearing loud thumps and after each thump they saw additional globe shaped ships hanging all around on the screens.  When 9 were out they started moving away in groups of 3 toward the dot on the screen.  The dot now was taking on the shape of a cylinder. There was another louder thump and they felt a lurch also.  Then 2 cube shaped ships were running parallel to them on the screen, then these also started moving toward the cylinder shaped ship. They could see sparkles of light from the cylinder shaped ship and then what looked like a large cut appeared near one end.  The cylinder shaped ship then appeared to shimmer and started moving very rapidly away because it got smaller and smaller.  One of the cube shaped ships returned an they felt the floor lurch.  A minute later several of the globes returned and they heard the thumps as they joined the ship.  ENS Wanda entered through the main door and informed them that they needed to get their gear together.  They would be leaving the ship in 35 minutes as soon as they returned to the belt station.  The president asked what had happened.
She explained that the cylinder shaped ship was challenged upon entering the system and had destroyed the challenging station.  Then it destroyed the remote relay satellites that were transmitting its location.  It fired missiles at our ships and when we returned fire and damaged it, you saw it retreat.  
You will be transferred to another ship and returned to the planet while we go and track the ship back to its origin.   We don't think it is from the Alliance or Star Federation because its configuration doesn't match any on record.  Also it would have answered the challenge.
As they boarded the shuttle Captain Medinas voice came over the intercom and informed them that they would have an escort back to the planet and some defense ships would remain in the system.  They were going to track the aggressor ship as far a possible and also warn the rest of the Star Federation because it took off in the direction of several of their planets.  
When the president and Faith arrived back at the Villa it was as busy as a bee hive.  There were 3 shuttles in the landing park behind the main building and one departed as they arrived.  There was also one of the globe shaped ships hovering above the ground.  As he watched they removed a long thin piece of machinery and then the globe departed.  Normally no ships took off during the day, but today was an exception.  When he asked what the machine was that was taken off the globe he was told he would have to talk to the Villa commander.  
LTJG Fred met them at the door and ushered them to the commanders office.  As they sat down he informed them that the Villa was on high alert and only one step away from war footing.  Any spacecraft that entered the DIRT system would be challenged not only by remote satellites but by armed warships.  They lost 3 men at the remote station and several unmanned monitoring satellites.  These would be replaced withing a day or two.  There were still sufficient warships and defense ships to handle anything smaller than a squadron of attack ships.  The population of the planet or at least the complete government needed to know that there was a threat out there.  Priority for the Belt manufacturing station was changed to defensive weapons for now.  The plan they were working on would continue to be implemented as is for now.  They only had 2 dozen more computers, so they needed to think well before they decided who would get one.  If they had no questions he had several other things he needed to take care of.  
* * *


strange Command

As the Cyclopes matched trajectories it engaged its FTLD. After 3 hours Captain Medina ordered the ship back below light speed and all sections to full alert status.  The weapons master detected a faint gravitation disturbance ahead.  The Cyclopes jumped ahead 30 minutes to the location of the disturbance.  
It turned out to be a Star Federation trade ship that had been attacked.  Only half the crew was still alive.  Captain Medina ordered their captain to bring their ship into one of the side bays.  
As soon as they were docked their Chief Engineer came to the Cyclopes bridge.  The attack had happened an hour before.  “The attacking ship was cylinder shaped and only the reason we weren't destroyed was we were running only at ½ light speed and our navigation computers picked up the missiles before they hit.  The other ship didn't even slow down.  The navigator claims it was moving at close to .6 light speed.  Anyway he thinks they changed course after attacking us.  We would have died in a day or two if you hadn't come along because our life support is damaged.  The crew of the Freestone thank you.  Our Captain is in bad shape and needs more medical aid than we can give him.”  
Captain Medina then asked, “Is your captain was the legendary Captain Fry.”
The Chief then introduced himself as Chief Engineer Jones and yes their captain was Captain Fry.  
The navigator reported that nothing else was detected, they got away.  
Captain Medina then introduced herself and told the pilot to make course for the 'Home of Man' system.
The XO then came over and told the captain that the medical teams reported that several of the other ships crew were almost beyond help.  If they could get them to Saturn medical facilities then they would at least have a chance.  

Eleven and a half days later as the Cyclopes entered the HoM system Captain Medina ordered a full data transmission to all ships and stations in the system.  Also a full military alert signal was transmitted.  
Less than a minute later they were challenged by 2 cubes.  She got on the radio and stated plainly that they had crew aboard from the Star Trader Freestone that needed immediate medical attention.  She then told them that she had one open hold if one wanted to hitch a ride to Saturn she would brief the commander in-route.  
She was informed that CUBE 2 would rendezvous with her ship in 4 minutes and then she could proceed to Saturn.  
As CUBE 2 approached it launched all six of its smaller globes and then docked.  The pilot informed Sissy that the cube was secure and she ordered the pilot to go to FTLD and get us across the system to Saturn.  The first jump was to the solar north for 2 minutes.  Then down to a point 6 degrees ahead of Saturn in its orbit.  Then he went back to gravity drive under full emergency power.   
A squawk came over the intercom from engineering informing the bridge that they had 4 minutes at full emergency power before damage to the gravity engine would start.  
Sissy simply replied to the Chief Engineer, “Which is worth more, your engines or Captain Fry?”  
He replied, “You are now limited to 96% emergency power and have 1 hour of maneuvering time. That is the best I can manage.  Don't ask for more unless you want a melted mess back here.”  
She replied, “ETA 16 minutes to Saturn and then maybe 5 more to shuttle launch.”
The Chief replied, “That was acceptable. We will need an hour cool down time.  Also we already have minor structural damage reported in both side bays.”  As he finished up his comment a Captain was escorted onto the bridge.
He introduced himself as Captain Al Yanez of the warship CUBE 2.  Then without waiting for her to reply he stated, I brought my navigator because you will need the correct access codes to approach within a million kilometers of the Saturn habitat system without being attacked.
Sissy then said, “Well you had better send him over to my navigation station now because we are probably less than a million kilometers out now and coming in under emergency power.”
Navigator to Captain, “We've been warned off and threatened with destruction.”  
Captain to pilot, “Cut to 1% acceleration and spiral until in until the navigator makes contact.”
Captain!, “We need to start deceleration now.”
“OK, do it but give us that counter clockwise spiral and squawk our ship data on 850 MHz.  
“Communications start a full information download on 900 MHz.  On 1350 MHz inform Saturn medical that we have casualties from the Star Trader Freestone.  ETA 3 minutes to shuttle launch and 8 minutes to Freedom Station One unless they have moved.”  
Pilot, “How long to matching speeds with Freedom Station One.  Shuttle is loaded and now on your board for automatic launch.”
Captain, “We will be 800 Km from them at 0 relative in 1 minute 53 seconds.  I'll then make way to Gearbox.”  
Communications to Captain, “Medical has moved to the old work station Sugar Plum.”
Pilot, “Primary destination is now Sugar Plum for the Shuttle.”
Captain, “Sugar Plum is on the other side of the Saturn system, changing course now.  We also have 2 cubes attempting to catch up.  I'll squawk them our new destination.”
Weapons master to Captain, “They are powering up weapons, can we do a .5 sec FTLD jump south?”  
Captain to Weapons and Pilot and Engineering.  “Attack maneuvering now.”
As Captain Yanez hit the floor he exclaimed, “You cannot do FTLD maneuvering within this type of gravitational field!”  
Sissy looked at him and said, “Watch, hold on, learn what a trained combat crew can do.  After we drop the shuttle we'll go to the million Km boundary and formally introduce ourselves.”  
Pilot to Captain, “Shuttle away proceeding GN 1 mil under FTLD.  Now 0 relative.”
“Captain Yanez has your navigator made contact yet?” 
“Pilot I want a random jump every 2 seconds until all contacts acknowledge we are friendly.  We've taken one graze on the side already.”  
Communications to Captain, am transferring direct radio input to you.
Saturn Military Defense Force HQ to Cyclopes:  “You are in violation of restricted space within the Saturn satellite system and are ordered to power down all systems and prepare to be boarded.”  
Captain Sissy Medina of Cyclopes to Saturn Military Defense Force HQ:  “This was not restricted space when I left 3 months ago.  Since then the DIRT system has been attacked by unknown configuration alien ship, also we have in hold number 1 the Star Trader Freestone that was attacked 1 light hour out from DIRT system, we also have Captain Yanez and CUBE 2 from the other side of Earth system in hold 2.  We will not be boarded!  As soon as Captain Yanez can get his cube launched and we can drop the Freestone we will be returning to the DIRT system.  You may monitor 1350 MHz as we exit the Earth system for a full information download.  
“As I entered Earth system I called for a full military alert and that is the signal you are probably reacting to.  
“Request you send 2 FTLD warships to DIRT system.  
“Request you send couriers to all Star Federation systems and the Alliance STATION to warn of hostile aliens.  
“Will depart Earth system in 4 minutes 19 seconds.  Over.”
Communications to Captain:  “Shuttle reports all casualties now under medical care and they are under arrest by a hospital orderly.  The doctors say Captain Fry will live.”
Saturn Military Defense Force HQ to Captain Medina:  “Albert says he'll meet you in the DIRT system. When you get back Commandant Freeman says he will hang you up by the balls you don't have.  Also he wants your navigator promoted now and the algorithms he uses for those jumps.  Good luck!”  
Sissy turned to Captain Yanez and said, “You need to get to your ship.  I'll have my navigation section give you that information Freeman wants.  Make a copy for yourself.  When you get your hybrid start practicing in deep space and work your way up to a gas giant.  We've never tried it closer than 1.5 diameters out and we popped a few seams then.  Also I suggest that when you can, you go down to engineering and get your hands dirty and talk to those guys off the record.  You might also look up Captain Ransome.  She can give you pointers that no other can.  Also you might try to get assigned to work directly under Commandant Mooney.”  
Engineering to Captain:  “Freestone away, waiting for captain of cube.” 
The Cyclopes navigator handed Captain Yanez two data cubes and stated, “Nice to have met you and your cute little navigator.  Can you spare her, I could use an assistant because we are short handed.”
Captain Yanez looked down at the short red headed navigator and said, “Not this week.  However, next time I see you I may have a few disrespectful crew members I'll throw your way.  Good luck with this Captain you have.  Don't loose her.  With that he turned and sundered off the bridge.”
Sissy and her navigator turned the view screen to internal view and watched him run down the corridor while talking on his communicator.
He made it to his cube in record time and they launch as soon as the airlock was closed.
Sissy told the pilot to start solar north and as soon as they were clear FTLD to DIRT.  And call engineering and tell the Chief that I think I owe his whole crew a drink in the officers mess as soon as we are comfortable.  
Communications to Captain:  “We've just been ordered to change course and pick up 2 cubes on our way out system.  One is directly ahead and the other is out by Pluto.”
Captain to Communications:  “Acknowledge that order with a single “WILCO” and give the pilot the coordinates.”  
Captain to all crew:  “We are going to pick up 2 cubes and then next stop is DIRT system.  You guys did well.  The crew of the Freestone is being taken care of by Saturn medical.  Captain Yanez and the crew of CUBE 2 will have something to talk about for a long time.  That is all.”

Pilot to Captain:  “CUBE aboard.  The captain will meet you in the officers mess in fifteen minutes.  In-route to pick up second cube.  FTLD jump 5 minute warning.”  
Pilot to Captain: “2nd cube aboard.  Their captain will be in officers mess in 5 minutes.”
Sissy looked at the XO and said, “They timed that about right.  I think we may have just picked up 2 experienced captains or 2 that have worked close together before.  Tell the Chief Engineer and Weapons Master to meet us in the mess in 5 minutes.”  
Pilot to Captain:  “CUBEs that we picked up are now hard wired to our system.  5 minute warning to FTLD.”  
Captains Menger and Elberts were sitting drinking coffee and chatting when Sissy arrived with her Weapons Master.  Two steps behind were the XO and Chief.  Elberts and Menger stood up and introduced themselves and then started laughing.   When they stopped laughing they said, “We were both assigned aboard the PHOENIX and Captain Albert Medina said you were a spit fire.  You sure proved it today.  Albert has been telling Commandant Freeman that the Saturn system is vulnerable for the last 6 months.  Today you proved it in spades.  By the way we called and volunteered to hitch a ride.  
“Commandant Freeman agreed but told us to keep an eye on you.  With that Captain Elbert brought out from behind his back a small box.”
As Sissy opened it she saw 2 glass eyeballs on a purple velvet pad.
Then they broke down laughing again and managed to say that the eyes were originally meant for Albert.
Sissy was the only one not laughing and as soon as they quit she calmly stated, “I see you two clowns needed Albert to keep an eye on you and you thought you could get out from under his watchful gaze by leaving the system.  Well I have a word for you,  Albert doesn't have the biggest pair in the family, I do, and in the morning we will start drilling your crews until they are half as good as mine.”  She then sat down and told the Master Chef that she would like a small steak because the fun this morning gave her an appetite.  

Four days later when they were almost finished with dinner Communications paged the Captain:  “Navigation is picking up some strange gravity wave readings dead ahead.  Pilot is changing course.  What are your orders?”
Sissy stood up and announced into the mess speaker for the pilot to circle the disturbance and track it.  She would be on the bridge in 5 minutes.  She then turned to the Captains and said, “This may be the spacecraft that attacked DIRT.  The Freestone navigator claimed they were traveling a .6 light speed.  If it is them then we will drop you just ahead of him.  
“You will only have 1 shot at him before he passes you. All I want from that spacecraft is its navigation computer and drive system.    
Get your ships ready and tell your crew what they should expect.  The only weapons they have demonstrated so far is missiles.  I am assuming that they have an avoidance system similar to ours so you will be dropped 5 light seconds off their trajectory.  Even if we don't get them I want all the sensor readings we can get."  With that she stalked out.  
Captain Elberts and Captain Menger looked at each other and then took off at a run for their ships.
As Captain Elberts cube was dropped the Cyclopes monitoring science team saw the war globes pop out and take up positions inline with the trajectory.  All 7 ships were under maximum acceleration.  
After a 4 second FTLD jump the Cyclops was ready to drop Captain Mengers cube when they picked up a transmission on the military band.  Antimatter don't approach!  Antimatter don't approach!  The communications chief hit the emergency FTLD override and called the pilot and told him what he had received, and then called the Captain.  I'm sorry but I picked up a radio message saying Antimatter don't approach.  If it was from CUBE 13 we'd better loop back and verify before dropping CUBE 4.  
The Cyclopes looped back to the point they dropped CUBE 13 and did a sweep.  There was nothing there.  Not even the usual junk floating between the stars.  
Then they picked up a distress beacon.  It was coming from off to one side.  They no sooner got a fix on it than it quit.  
They transmitted a call for CUBE 13 or any of it's globes.  
28 seconds later they received a reply.  We are damaged and need assistance.  E beacon on now.  
On the view screens as they approached CUBE 13 they could see that one whole corner had been sliced off.  There were only 2 globes in view.  Space suited figures were moving between the cube and the globes. 
Captain to all crew:  “Emergency rescue crews deploy.  Medical prepare for casualties.  Engineering prepare to grapple and force dock damaged cube.  XO launch our globes to form a security perimeter and have them coordinate with CUBE 4.”
Captain to CUBE 4:  “I am launching my globes.  I want a security perimeter set up with full sensors to detect any approaching spacecraft.  My 4 globes will be under you command until recall.”  
Captain to CUBE 13:  “We are launching a security perimeter.  Are all your globes accounted for?  We are also launching rescue teams.  Debriefing will be in my officers mess 1 hour after all rescue efforts are deemed complete.  Transmit sensor data ASAP.”
Eight hours later rescue efforts were called off by Captain Elberts.  He claimed surviving globes recovered to cube and cube towed to launch bay and secured.  His science crew had the preliminary report relayed to Cyclopes science crew.
Captain Medina met with the Captains and their science chiefs.  Their conclusion was that whatever they had encountered projected an antimatter beam in front of it and somehow that must have furnished the power to accelerate to .78 light speed or it pulled it to that speed.  No spacecraft was detected. They would arrive at DIRT in 8 days so they had that much time to assess and repair the most critical damage.  
Sissy stated, “We must be prepared to defend the system upon arrival.  We've been gone almost a month.”  

Their arrival as anticlimactic.  Nothing had happened since they left chasing the unknown ship.  CUBE 13 was dropped at the Belt maintenance station for repairs.  Captain Medina was in a foul mood because there was no way to alert any of the Federation Worlds until a relief ship arrived.  
The next day an Alliance trader popped into the system and almost got blown back out by CUBE 4. Lucky for them their communications section was on the ball and immediately started transmitting the trading call.  CUBE 4 had one of it's globes escort the Alliance trader to the Belt station.  
Captain Medina told the trader captain in no uncertain terms that he had one choice.  He would immediately proceed to Alliance STATION and inform them of the unknown ship and tell them that she was requesting an Alliance warship for system security at DIRT.  Then he was to proceed to the 'Home of Man' system and inform them.  She was sending an officer with them.  The reason was that the 'Home of Man' system was already on high alert status and she didn't want them attacked by mistake.  She then told Captain Elberts he would be the passenger on the Alliance trader and to get any codes he needed.  They would be departing in 1 hour.  
The Alliance trader captain raised cane and yelled and then realized that Captain Medina was in no mood to take any gruff, because she reminded him of female Kerth that had her cubs threatened.  Then he told her so and agreed to her demands.  He then insisted that the reason he stopped was to drop off 5 senior traders to go with Star Federation traders ships.
Sissy told him that he could leave them, but they must understand that this system had already been attacked once and that they would be expected to work on repairing the 'Home of Man' warship or building the Belt station until a Star Federation trader came by.
All five traders agreed and unloaded enough supplies to last them a year.  Captain Elberts packed light.  He had several uniforms and rations for 3 weeks.  
The five Alliance traders were interested in learning more about the humans so the station commander put them to work inside fabricating panels.  He told Captain Medina that he would run then through the use of several types of fabrication machines and then put them outside putting the panels and beams together.  Training them shouldn't slow his men down much, and it would probably help build an acceptance of the aliens.  
The next spacecraft entering the system was a Gobbler trader.  Their captain wanted to drop off 3 habitat modules and 3 traders to go on Federation traders ships.
Captain Medina gave him the same option that she gave the first Alliance trade ship manned by the Kerth.  However since there was no safe way for a human to travel for an extended period of time as a passenger of their ship the Gobbler captain made a suggestion.  Those small war globes that he had seen, one would probably fit inside his cargo hold.  He could carry it to a Star Federation planet and then back here.  Captain Medina asked for volunteers from the off duty crew.  She got them and a war globe.  It was damaged, but the environmental and communications systems worked.  They would stay in the 'Home of Man' system unless they could get an undamaged globe for the return trip.  The trader captain was thoroughly briefed including the fact that no spacecraft was allowed near Saturn without an escort.  His best and safest entry into the system was to stop north or south of the planets orbital plane and let the globe call a system defense ship to come to them.  Also he was to stop in no location for more than 2 seconds until friendly contact was acknowledged.  The globe commander and the ship captain agreed that they would work out all procedures during the voyage to 'HoM' system.  Then they provisioned the globe and the trader departed.  
Sissy figured that she was on her own for at least another week and that just deepened her foul mood.  Less that a year had gone by since she took over command of the DIRT system and she was on war footing and had already more casualties than she was happy with, because none of them were the enemy.  However 6 hours after the Gobbler trader departed 2 hybrid Star Federation trader ships dropped into the system.  Both had a Federation system defense ships as part of the hybrid, but these Federation warships weren't as heavily armed as either of her 2 operational cubes.  After briefing the captains and senior officers she told them that they were to help defend the system from attack until she got some more warships from either the Alliance or Saturn.  That would be approximately 16 days. After having her XO assign them patrol areas she told the captains of the traders that there were 5 Kerth and 3 Gobbler traders that were waiting to join up with Federation traders.  Also she would appreciate all the manpower and help they could give repairing the damaged warship and building defensive weapons for the system.  Also they could meet the Alliance traders and figure out how and who would go with them when they left.  
The next morning at 0327 hours the alarms went off again.  The ship that arrived was targeted and immediately jumped out.  Three minutes later it was detected again and it transmitted requesting system entry permission and jumped again.  Speed of light transmission time lag was the thing that brought Sissy to the boiling point.  The message she sent out was to tell the PHOENIX to get its ass to her location faster than light or she would rip the ears off the Captain!  Radio time lag to the outer shell of globes was 8 minutes. Eleven minutes later the PHOENIX appeared 900 Km off the station.
This is Captain Albert Medina of the PHOENIX:  “No one is ripping my ears off however I might rip the ears off my little sister if she doesn't have a damn good reason.”  
Sissy to PHOENIX:  “Move in to 100 Km and unload all non-military.  I want you in my briefing room in 30 minutes.  Have your XO contact my XO for briefing and assigned patrol area.  I'll transport you back to your ship after I rip only 1 ear off.”  
The PHOENIX jumped to 125 Km and dumped the two trade vessels and miscellaneous cargo.  A shuttle headed for the Cyclopes immediately.  The PHOENIX XO then jumped the ship across the system to his designated patrol area.  He relieved 4 globes and told them to rendezvous at his ship as soon as his globes were on their station.  He then added 2 more globes to his area of responsibility.  He was still reading the briefing that he received when another star ship dropped into the system.  The weapons master had the spacecraft targeted and firing solutions computed as he informed the XO and communications that he needed immediate identification.  The spacecraft is 2 light minutes distance.  
The XO put a hold on him and told the pilot to put them at 10000 Km and transmit welcome to the DIRT system.  Then he wanted 2 second delays between random jumps until we get an acknowledgment.  
Alliance warship this is the PHOENIX:  “Captain Medina will want to talk to you at the outer asteroid belt space station as soon as you can get there.  Acknowledge this transmission immediately.  This system has been attacked by unknown spacecraft, and our crews want something to shoot at.”  
On the 3rd jump the communications section reported that they picked up the tail end of a transmission and we need to jump at least 1 light minute out to get the whole transmission.
The XO told the pilot, “Do it.”
The transmission identified the Alliance warship as the Knife commanded by Dame Club at your service.  “Coordinates to where Sissy is please.  Also another warship named Spear will be here within the next day cycle.  My clan sister commands it.”
The PHOENIX XO had the pilot jump them back to 10000 Km and then transmitted, “I am delighted to make your acquaintance.  Can your pilot jump your warship to a location inside the outer asteroid belt on the far side of the star.  We will be there in five minutes to escort you to Captain Sissy Medina.”
Then he told the pilot, “Jump to 10000 Km from the station so he could talk to Captain Medina.  “Also the first thing out is our ID.  To many itchy trigger fingers out there.”  
PHOENIX XO to Cyclopes:  “We have made contact with the Alliance warship Knife commanded by Dame Club.  They will be approaching our position in a few minutes.  Their commander wants to see Captain Sissy Medina immediately.  Also we need an identification SOP to prevent accidental attacks on friendly spacecraft!”  
Cyclopes to PHOENIX:  “Staff is working on an SOP.  As soon as Knife arrives pick up their commander in a shuttle and bring them to the PHOENIX.  Tell their commander that security is high and no spacecraft except globes are allowed to approach the Belt station HQ without prior clearance and escort.  Out.”  
As the Knife arrived the PHOENIX launched a shuttle and the XO made direct contact with Dame Club.  She understood the nervousness of the Federation warriors and agreed.
Dame Club was escorted in to meet Captain Medina.  She was surprised to see Sissy who had been described to her as a warcat, sitting calmly at a desk and another Captain Medina in a chair off to one side talking on a communicator.  He simply nodded when introduced.  From what she could overhear of his conversation he was talking about a burst transmitter or burst transponder.
Sissy invited her to sit down and asked, “What are your ships resources.  
As Dame Club listed her ship capabilities and the fact that the Spear would be arriving and it was an identical warship although newer.  
Sissy picked up her communicator and called the Communications Chief and told him to get the specifications and communication capabilities of the Knife and then send out a system wide alert that the Alliance warship Spear would be arriving within 24 hours and after it was positively ID'd it was to be escorted to a position near where Knife was presently located.  
Then Captain Albert Medina announced, “my crew has a SOP and the software for a burst ID identification system, it will be ready within an hour.  It will have to be physically installed on every spacecraft that is in the system.  Hopefully it will prevent any accidents.”  
Sissy told him that was acceptable.  She then told Dame Claw that what he was talking about was something from Earths history.  It was a communications program that would give a reply signal from any spacecraft to the defense spacecraft so they would then know that the 1st spacecraft was an ally and friendly.  Without this identification they would be assumed an enemy until positively identified.  In an active battle this would be automatic and prevent a friendly spacecraft from being targeted and attacked.  Her brothers communications crew would need access to the Knife's communication, weapons, and navigation computers to insure that the program designed to work on the human warships would work on the Alliance computer systems.  If she had any computer experts that she could get to work with them it would be extremely helpful.  Dame Claw could use the human communication system to contact her ship now if she desired.
Dame Claw reached for her communicator and speaking in Kerth told her XO to send the senior communications crew over to the human ship with portable computers as soon as a shuttle arrived to transport them.  Inform them that a communications identification program is being worked on, is similar to the ID program that the Gobbler system defense used.  
She then described a Gobbler system defense warship because it was of strange design.  They were a globe but had 8 tentacles extending out from its center.  It had an array of laser and missile weapon systems.  Each tentacle was capable of completely independent action should the main control system be damaged.  The tentacles were also capable of being detached and operating separately.  She didn't know if the Gobbler system would send a warship to DIRT, but they might.  They had narrowly avoided invasion by the Dogs early in Alliance history.  And by the way their warships are only twice as big in size as your globes, but greater in mass than my warship.  
Albert picked up his communicator and told his commo chief to transmit a warning order that a Gobbler ship might arrive at any time and gave the brief description.  After ID is established have it escorted to the rendezvous area near the station.  
He then turned to Dame Claw and asked her if she knew anything about their communications capabilities.
She answered that her communications personnel could give his people the known information, but no one outside the Gobbler species knew for sure everything because the Gobblers, even though the 2nd member of the Alliance and a considered a senior species member, maintained their independence and only allowed the Alliance to govern with their consent.  
“There have been many incidents that the Alliance council has had to defuse because the Gobblers will not bow to Kerth laws.  The only thing that has prevented and all out war with them are the facts that they are a strong people that have immigrated to many Kerth and other planets.  Also they are very civilized.  Their laws are very well defined.  Also they are very generous to the less civilized and they even consider us less civilized.”  
The communications group had a working software package installed on the Cyclopes, PHOENIX, and Knife 5 hours later.  The PHOENIX and Cyclopes started a tour of the system to physically download the software package to all the globes.  The Knife remained on station near the Belt station as a backup. Only half the globes had been updated when the Sword entered the system.  The Cyclopes identified them immediately and informed the 3 globes that were on intercept course that the ship was a friendly. When the XO of the Cyclopes contacted the Spear, Dame Catch refused to allow any humans aboard to download their software programs.  
The XO told them to remain where they were and radioed for Dame Club to contact them and order them to comply.  
A few minutes later the Knife appeared beside the Spear and the Cyclopes overheard Dame Club tell Dame Catch that she was bringing over a communications crew of Kerth and Human members to install identification software package similar to what the Gobbler had.  This package was designed to prevent friendly ships from accidentally firing on each other and to give immediate identification to all the system defense ships.
The Cyclopes had no sooner jumped to the next grid than all alarms went off.  An unknown spacecraft had appeared less than 5000 Km in-system from them.  Their initial ID was similar to a Gobbler warship but it would not answer any radio calls.  The XO ordered a 2 globes to take up a moving sphere at 10000 Km from the alien vessel.  He then called for the Knife to come to his location.  
Dame Claw's warship appeared and tried to make contact.  Her communications crew failed.  She then informed the Cyclopes that the Gobbler ship appeared damaged.  She was sending over a shuttle to verify.  After circling the spacecraft twice it docked.  A few minutes later the shuttle contacted the Cyclopes and informed them that it was the Gobbler system defense ship Warfish and they had been attacked in deep space when they dropped out of FTLD to investigate a gravity disturbance.  They had been on an exploration survey.  They made for the nearest known Alliance system and ended up here.  
The XO informed Belt HQ and requested the Gobbler traders be immediately notified that one of their ships needed medical assistance.  He then ordered 3 globes to tow the Gobbler ship to the belt.  5 hours later they approached the belt and parked the Warfish a hundred Km from the Belt maintenance station.  
Admiral Seven after being treated demanded to see the Kerth commander of the system.  As he was introduced to Sissy and Dame Club, he acted dismayed to find out that the commander of the system was human.  
Dame Club assured him that his crew would receive the best medical aide possible from the resources available.  If he had any personnel that were beyond the medical capabilities of the humans and Kerth she would transport them to the Gobbler home system immediately.  Then she informed him of the alien spacecraft attack on the DIRT system and the preparations that the humans had made.  Also that the system defense force had an identification program package that needed to be installed on his ship to identify it as a friendly ship.  Also this package would need to be carried to the Gobbler systems and physically loaded on other Gobbler warships.  
After looking at the Kerth for a minute he stated that neither the Kerth or Humans could physically fit through the access ports to the control room.  Could it be installed in the docking bay or somewhere else in the Warfish.  
Sissy called the communications chief and asked him if the ID system could be installed anywhere other than in the main ship computer.
A few minutes later he came back with the comment that if the Warfish had a good computer chief and he set up the Warfish computer to accept the package it could be loaded from any computer terminal aboard the ship.  It would have to be thoroughly tested to make sure that it worked.  If it didn't then their computer chief would need to write his own software to emulate the ID package.  If he could communicate with their computer chief he would be able to give a better answer.
Admiral Seven then informed them that over 2/3rds of the crew was injured in the attack.  Only the control room, tentacles, weapons, and the engineering crews weren't injured.  
Sissy then asked him if he would please give a description of his ship.
He hesitated and then described his ship as a sphere with detachable tentacles that were self powered and all were weaponized.  It could use it's FTLD with as few as 3 tentacles attached.
She then stated that she knew the Gobblers were a sea species and asked how much of the ship was water.
He looked at her and then his tentacles started twitching.  Slowly he commented, “All the injuries happened in the wet areas.  Only a few were injured by moving equipment in the other areas.  I need to immediately contact my superiors.”
Sissy then told him about the attack that her warship had sustained and the losses from the cube. Everyone will need to redesign military procedures during military action.  
The Commo chief called and stated that the Gobbler commo person he was put in contact with simply wanted the ID codes.  After he gave them to her, in less than 5 minutes the Warfish popped up on their screens properly ID'd and the Gobbler commo person declared she had 19 ships ID'd on this side of the system.  She then sent a ID request and his system replied perfectly and when he had one of the globes query all ships near it, it replied that the Warfish came through last and it took 18 seconds.  They were 3 light seconds from it so he told the Warfish that their system took 12 seconds to reply and they needed to get the reply time down to within 2 seconds.  They said they would try but the Gobbler ID system had to reply first or else.  
The Admiral then explained, “the Gobbler ID system does more than simply ID the ship queried, it also gives a full military update on a side channel and allows the ship to be remotely assigned targets to attack.”
Sissy then told him, “The second part is disturbing.  If your system is penetrated, then the ship could be used by the enemy to attack friendly forces without you knowing it.” 
He then again requested immediate transportation to the Gobbler home world immediately.
Sissy called the medical section and told them to load the most critically injured Gobblers aboard the Cyclopes now.  She instructed the pilot to move over to a position where the medical personnel were treating the Gobblers.  She then looked at Dame Club and requested that she accompany Admiral Seven back to the Gobbler home world and asked how long the round trip would take.  She would be in command of the Cyclopes with the XO as second, a reciprocal would be greatly appreciated.
Dame Club then got on her communicator and informed her XO and crew that she was transferring command of the Knife to the human Captain Sissy Medina.  Even though it had never been done before she was now the commander of the Knife and if anyone gave her any clan problems she would personally gut them upon her return.  She then called the Spear and informed Dame Catch that Captain Sissy Medina the human was now system commander and in command of the Knife.  She would obey Captain Medina as she would obey her.
Captain Catch replied that there was no authorization for a human to command a Kerth warship or give orders to any Kerth Captain.
Captain Club then told her that she was setting the authorization and assuming all responsibility and would answer directly to her superiors and the Alliance council.  As for now as the senior Kerth commander in the system her word was law.  If you have any questions or objections you may gut yourself and put your assistant in contact with me now.  
Captain Catch replied, “As senior Kerth commander your word is law, and please note my objection.  You may take me up on charges in front of our superiors when you return for my disobedience.”  
The Cyclopes XO objected and wanted his objection noted, then he welcomed Dame Club and showed her to the Captains cabin.  He indicated that they would need 20 minutes after the last casualty was loaded to get underway and if she had any questions about procedures he would answer them immediately.
Dame Club turned to Sissy and commented, none of the XOs like an alien commander and all probably think that we will do things so differently that we will endanger their ships.  We need to personally visit my ship now so I can visibly transfer command in the formal manner so there can be no question of misunderstanding.  Can we call the Spear and have Dame Catch present also?  
Sissy commented, “That's a good idea, have your XO contact her.  We will have a shuttle as soon as I pick up a few things.”  
In her cabin she went to an ornate chest at the foot of her bunk and pulled a dark green sash from it.  Draping it over her shoulder she then pulled an emblem of a star-ship from a box on her desk and attached it.  She then pulled a jeweled dagger from her desk and attached the sheath to the loop at the bottom.
As the shuttle docked at the Knife the crew member looked at Captain Medina with puzzlement.  Dame Club stopped at her cabin as Sissy proceed on to the bridge with her escort.  Dame Club appeared a few minutes later wearing her sash.  
Dame Catch walked in a moment later.  
Dame Club then called all to attention and stated in Kerth and then repeated in English that she was now in command of 2 warships, the human ship Cyclopes and the Knife.  She was transferring all command and responsibility of the Knife to the human Captain Sissy Medina.  With that she unfastened an emblem from her sash and attached it to Sissy's sash.  She then told the communications chief to transmit the change of command to all Alliance and Star Federation ships and planets.
Sissy nodded and the unfastened the star-ship emblem from her sash and attached it to Dame Club's sash.  
She then turned to Dame Catch and asked her to accompany them to her cabin.  Dame Club took a seat in one of the two chairs in front of her desk and waived Sissy to sit behind it.  She then stated, “Computer make a visual and audio record as a log entry and upon completion transmit to Alliance Military HQ.  Dame Captain Sissy Medina is now commander of the Knife and in command of all Kerth forces and other warships in the DIRT system as witnessed by Dame Catch, and change of command ceremony was just accomplished on the bridge of the Knife.”  
As Dame Catch sat down she was asked, “Is there anything that needs to be briefed to Dame Captain Sissy Medina.”  
Dame Catch looked at her and then Sissy and stated, “I object to a non-Kerth being in command over Kerth forces and wish it noted.  I will obey all orders of the assigned commander whether Kerth or Human.  My warship is at your disposal Dame Medina.”  
Sissy looked at Dame Catch and thanked her.  Then she informed her that she could resume security patrol. Further orders would be transmitted from either the Belt HQ's or the Knife under her command. She then called the Knife XO in and informed him that she would be dividing her time between the Knife and the Belt HQ.  Would you now arrange proper transportation for Dame Catch and Dame Club back to their warships.  
She snapped out a Yes Dame and turned and left the cabin.  
Sissy then turned to Dame Club and asked her if she could think of any procedures that might make system security better.  
Dame Club thought for a few seconds and then said she could not think of anything.  She would get with Admiral Seven and ponder the situation on the trip to Gobbler.
Sissy thanked them and then they departed.  Sissy then called the XO and requested she give her a tour of the Knife. 
Half way through the engineering section there was an alarm and then the intercom announced, Dame Medina there is another intruder in the system that has a configuration matching the Gobbler warship, however they are not replying to any hails.  
Sissy then asked the XO how do I communicate with the bridge from any portion of the ship or from off ship.  
She pulled her communicator and handed it to her.  Sissy then pressed the button on top and stated, “Call the Gobbler ship and request them to identify the other spacecraft.”
A moment later the commo section announced that the Warfish positively ID'd the ship as Dogfish, but part of its ID system was disabled.  It would not reply to any commands issued.  Sissy then told the bridge that she needed direct contact with the senior crew of the Warfish and she was on her way to the bridge.  Contact was established while they were racing up the corridor.  She stopped and told the crew of the Warfish that they needed to immediately disable the remote command receiving ability of the Warfish.  Then she told them that a conversation with Admiral Seven had convinced him that this capability of the Gobbler ID system could be used by the enemy to attack friendly ships as they were identified.  They should also move their ship at least a thousand kilometers and prepare for an attack from the other ship.  She then told the communications section to have the pilot move the Knife to a location on the other side of the star system and contact the Spear and tell them to move and keep moving every few minutes and inform them of the situation.  Then connect me to the PHOENIX.  Albert answered almost immediately.  She informed him of the situation and then told him to dispatch several globes to do a close in survey of the Dogfish and if they deemed it safe to dock and establish contact with the crew.  Report immediately all updates.
The first globe reported that the Dogfish was launching missiles toward the locations of the Kerth warships.  He reported that he watched the Spear appear on radar and ID system and immediately the missiles launched from the Dogfish were re-targeted toward its location.  Also there was a hole all the way through the sphere big enough to put a flier through.  Solid water could be seen inside and stars on the other side.  The Dogfish is ignoring the globes.  
She then told them to contact Warfish and find out how to disable the weapon and computer system on the Dogfish.  
The XO of the Warfish came back that he had monitored the transmission and there was no way to disable the weapon systems short of completely destroying all 8 tentacles.
Sissy then called PHOENIX and told Albert to have at least 8 globes attack the Dogfish and destroy the tentacles all at the same time, but try not to destroy the central ship.  Hopefully there are survivors somewhere aboard and they can let us know what happened.  
She then turned to the XO and stated that we need to use the Knife and Spear to lure the missiles away from vulnerable targets.  Since the missiles re-target themselves we can use that as a weakness to lure them out of the system or cause them to crash into the outer gas giant.  Inform the Spear and have some one get me a space suit.  I want all personnel suited up before we start this maneuver and once everyone is in a space suit evacuate the air from the ship. 
She stated that there weren't enough space suits aboard for all personnel and there was no suit aboard that would fit her.  The XO then called the bridge and announced that all personnel without space suits were to report to the shuttle bays.  Engineering, weapons crews, and bridge crew were to be taken suits and suit up.  She grabbed the first crew member passing by and ordered him to escort Dame Medina to the shuttle bay and insure she was safely aboard a shuttle.  She then called the commo chief and instructed her to contact the Spear and the human ships and arrange a contact point outside the star system.  Inform them that we are evacuating all nonessential personnel, that is everyone that doesn't have a space suit.  They need to be removed from the shuttle craft that they will be in before any missiles can reach them.  The missiles from the Dogfish are targeting all identifiable Alliance spacecraft.  The more missiles the human ships can destroy before we reenter the system to lure the missiles to impact the outer gas giant, the easier it will be for us.  
Commo to XO the PHOENIX reports that the tentacles of the Dogfish have been destroyed down to the central globe.  However the missiles are now targeting the human globes.  They report that they can outrun them.  They request Captain Sissy Medinas instructions.
XO to commo:  Relay to them that Dame Captain Sissy Medina has no spacesuit here and is being evacuated by my order.  Her last instructions were to lure the missiles that could not be destroyed to impact the outermost gas giant.  The sooner the PHOENIX can rendezvous with her shuttle the safer she will be and the better command she can exert.  Inform the PHOENIX and arrange a rendezvous at least 1 light year outside the system.  We will pick up the shuttles later.
Sissy was mad beyond all reason and minutes later when the shuttle was launched she saw nothing except stars through the view-screens.  A moment later the Knife vanished and the PHOENIX appeared.  The shuttle pilot immediately headed toward it.  She picked up the communicator and called the PHOENIX and told them to prepare for docking.  Albert answered and told her that it would be crowded but she would be escorted to the bridge immediately.  As the hatch opened she saw Kerth being herded down the halls toward the larger compartments in the rear of the ship.  
Captain Medina met her on the bridge with a crooked smile and a sarcastic welcome aboard Dame Captain Sissy Medina.  “We estimate that 30% of the missiles have been destroyed and several globes are luring missile groups toward the outermost gas giant.  The Spear and Knife have been evacuated of nonessential personnel and are picking up other groups of missiles.  The Dogfish tentacles have been burned down to the central hull.  The Warfish was hit by 3 missiles and suffered minor damage and only 5 casualties.  We've lost 1 globe with all hands.  The Belt HQ and maintenance stations have evidently not been recognized by the missiles as targets.  The planet also seems not to be targeted.  As soon as you have a cup of coffee we will expect your new orders and hopefully have good news from the inner system forces.  We have an estimated 4 hours of comfortable life support.  6 hours to life support failure.  We are jumping every 5 minutes to a position 1 light year distant.”  
Commo to Captain Medina:  “CUBE 13 being towed away from the maintenance station because the missiles are now targeting the cubes also.  60% of missiles now destroyed.  Only 1 more globe lost with all hands.  CUBE 4 hit, minor damage and no casualties.” 
Commo this is Captain Sissy Medina:  Call the Knife and Spear and instruct them to stay clear of the globes and cube warships.  My orders are to sweep the outer system for intruders.  They are to identify as friendly or destroy all ships and missiles detected.  Status reports every 15 minutes.  Out.  
Commo, also relay to Belt HQ to maintain radio silence unless there is an emergency.  They are to record all ships transmissions for us.  Have the pilot drop us into the middle of the system long enough for the transmission of the messages and then out again.  
3 hours later on one of the jumps through the system the tail of a message was intercepted.  The PHOENIX did a short jump past the outer planets orbit and waited for the transmission to catch up.  It was from CUBE 4 to CUBE 13 reporting that all detected missiles had been destroyed.  They and the globes were going to make one more sweep around the asteroid belt and then try to locate the PHOENIX.  
PHOENIX to all Federation and Alliance ships:  We have 50 minutes life support remaining.  We are going back out to the shuttle locations and expect to see the Alliance ships there in 30 minutes.  At the first shuttle they sent a space suited crewman over.  As he entered the shuttle it exploded.  
Captain Medina asked the navigator and weapons master it there were any indications of any spacecraft being in the area after they left.  The weapons master reported back that there were small ripples in the gravity waves detected but nothing that would indicate a spacecraft.  The Spear appeared off their bow a few seconds later.  
Sissy grabbed the communicator and called the Spear and immediately asked if they had detected anything unusual on their way in.
Dame Catch replied, “No.”  
Sissy then ordered them to check their other shuttle at a distance and explained that this one exploded as a crewman entered.
Both ships jumped to the 2nd shuttle location and a Kerth crew-member headed toward the shuttle. He approached the shuttle and then connected a cable to the shuttle and backed off to about a hundred feet.  He hooked a box up to the cable and then jetted back to the Spear.  A few minutes later Dame Catch called and told Sissy that the sensors in the shuttle indicated an explosive device, also the on-board computers were wiped clear of data.  That was not how they had left them.  She was going to remotely lock open the inner airlock and then the outer airlock.  As the inner airlock was activated the shuttle exploded.  She wanted to proceed immediately to the shuttles dropped by the Knife.  Both of them were within a light minute of each other.  
As both ships arrived at the 1st Knife shuttle they detected another ship over in the vicinity of the other shuttle.  They both jumped to the 2nd shuttle and the alien spacecraft started to accelerate away. The PHOENIX immediately went to gravity drive and started firing all weapons at the retreating spacecraft.  The Spear was quickly left behind.  
The PHOENIX weapons master swore as he lost weapons lock on the retreating enemy.  He asked Captain Medina if the pilot could jump up beside the enemy.  Sissy immediately said, “No, loop back to the shuttle.  If we are lucky they abandoned the shuttle before it could be sabotaged and I want to check the computers to see if any information on them was removed.”
She then called the Spear and told them to hook up a remote and check the shuttles computers before opening the airlocks.  The Knife was there watching the two craft approach.  They had a remote hooked up and started transmitting the results of the computer query as they approached.  There were still 2 aliens inside the shuttle trying to access the computer.  Sissy told them to open both airlocks at the same time.  As the air vented from the airlocks one body floated out.  She had a crewman go out and retrieve it.  Then the shuttle exploded.  
Dame Catch indicated that the cabin sensors indicated that the other alien moved to the explosive device and it must have set it off manually.  As soon as the crew-member reentered the airlock Sissy ordered the Spear back into the system.  She told the Knife to check the other shuttle and if it was sabotaged destroy it.  She also wanted to know if the on-board computers had been tampered with.  They were not to take more than 5 minutes before they moved again.  She warned the Knife XO about the antimatter beam that the alien spacecraft projected in front of it as it traveled.  She then had Albert's pilot jump the Cyclopes to the inner system.  As they arrived they moved directly to the Spear and requested docking assistance so they could transfer crew back to the ship they belonged in.  As they were finishing the crew transfer the Knife arrived.  Sissy told them that they would move to a different location prior to transferring their crew back.  The Knife XO suggested a location inside the asteroid belt.  As they disconnected the docking tube the weapons master yelled gravitation disturbance approaching jump now.  All three ships jumped out using their FTLD and stopped after a few seconds travel.  A few thousand Km from where they had been, there was an extremely large explosion in the asteroid belt.  
Sissy called commo and had them instruct the nearest globes to do a full sensor sweep of the area and see if they could detect anything.  She then asked the asked the weapons master if he could determine the trajectory and where the object came from and of course it's speed.  
Dame Medina aboard the PHOENIX this is Dame Catch aboard the Spear:  We have some casualties and ship damage.  The last 40 meters of our ship is gone.  We have lost 1/3rd of our life support system. We also have weapon system damage.  
Dame Medina to Dame Catch and XO of Knife:  “Have your weapons master and navigators get with the weapons master of the PHOENIX and learn out how to detect the enemy using gravitation disturbances.”  Then she asked Dame Catch, “Is your life support system good enough to get to STATION?”  
When she answered yes she ordered her to make a copy of all information including the fault with the Gobbler ship and head for STATION as fast as she could.  I don't know if that was the enemy ship or just a weapon of theirs.  Also here is a copy of all the information on the dead alien. Hopefully someone in the Alliance has run across them in their explorations.  They are a definite hazard to civilization.  

At the STATION the Alliance council received all the information and said they would take it under advisement. 

Three days later the Cyclopes arrived back in system escorted by 2 Gobbler warships.  Admiral Seven introduced the other admirals and then had his XO brief them about the battle and what was done to the unresponsive Gobbler warship.  There were no survivors aboard and they found a strange computer hooked up in the control room.  Whatever cut the hole through the sphere took out the control room and half of its computers.  No recognizable information was retrievable.  The XO assumed the worse after hearing about the alien killed trying to enter the computer system aboard the Kerth shuttle. He told them that the worse that could be was that the enemy downloaded all the information that the Dogfish contained including location of the home planet and all colonies.  
Then one of the Admirals twitched his tentacles and announced, “The Dogfish was accompanied by a trader.  The exploration trip was to chart the Star Federation and beyond for planets suitable for colonies.  There is no way to determine what information the enemy might have obtained.  Dame Sissy Medina and Dame Club, I apologize for any damage done.”  He then pulled a data cube from a hidden pouch and handed it to Dame Medina.  This is the information on how the Gobbler ship identification system works.  Also a list of all our ships and their last known locations.  We have modified the side battle control section of all ships available so any targeting information received has to be approved by the ship captain before it can be acted upon.  A new interrupt program was added that if any targeting or tactical information is received that does not match previous ship sensors it will not be acted upon.  The high admiral did not like having to authorize the changes, but he quickly saw our weakness as described by Admiral Seven.  Admiral Seven will remain in the DIRT system with your permission.  His ship will have all its computers wiped clean including changing out all memory modules and then the new program packages installed.  The Dogfish will be scrapped. We will drop it into the star.  My ship was originally built for a mixed Gobbler and Kerth crew.  I now invite you to tour my ship before I return to Gobbler and tell them about the Dogfish and its companion trader. 
Sissy accepted the invitation and as they left she asked “Is this information just for us or is it to be shared with the Kerth as well.” 
The Admiral said, It is just for the humans because the Kerth still needed to become more civilized before they will be given more secrets.”  
As she walked out she handed Albert the data cube and told him, “Access by human crew only.  
He simply said, “WILCO.”  Then he turned to Dame Club and invited her to visit his ship before she went back to hers.  
Dame Club informed him that this was her ship until she and Sissy changed commands again.
Albert gave her a slight bow and departed.  As he passed through the bridge he entered his access code and locked all technical information to block download.  He then asked the XO to accompany him to his shuttle.  On the way down the hall he told the XO what he had done and asked him to inventory all computer systems to determine if and what technical information, procedures, and programs had been downloaded by Dame Club while she was in command.  Give this information to Sissy when she returns.  With that he looked back up the hall and shook the XOs hand and boarded the shuttle.  
* * *


Scientist, Humbug-bah

At the beginning of the third year in system Sissy was beginning to relax a little.  Her brother had departed for Saturn when 2 more Saturn warships arrived.  There had been no more intrusions into the system since that last explosion.  She still had globes patrolling the outer perimeter of the system and 3 warships on planetary protection patrol.  Someone must have kept count of the asteroids diverted and destroyed to prevent them from hitting DIRT.  She quit counting at 800.  Remapping the solar system was almost complete.
The last Gobbler to leave the system was Admiral Seven's ship.  
The Belt HQ was armed to the teeth and the belt maintenance station was running 3 shifts.  The miners that had immigrated arrived had their own stations in the outer belt.  
Traders from the Star Federation and the Alliance made regular stops still hoping that the planet had advanced enough so they could trade directly.
Faith had the Trade Commission directly under her thumb and it was running the Plan.  The Plan was a little ahead of schedule because the first batch of students graduating from the universities were inventing things almost as fast as they could be tracked.  The only invention that the government had to suppress was radar.  The only problem was that it kept popping up again and again.  It was just like the vacuum tube industry that they set up.  Six months after the first tubes came off the assembly line some smart kid figured out that if solar cells could produce electrical power a modified solar panel might act as an amplifier like a vacuum tube.  They would probably invent a complete solid state circuit within a few years and their own computers the year after.  The wireless telephones had been a boon to communications and allowed the Trade Commission to start tracking progress in real time.  One forth of the homes now had a television.  
So when the Commo called her and told her that a Star Federation government ship was in system and asking for her she laughed.  Her reply to the Commo Chief was tell them where we will be and tell them they are welcome aboard the Cyclopes.  Also inform the Master Chef that there will be company for dinner as soon as you get their arrival time.  I'll be in my cabin, and tell the pilot to continue the relief schedule we are on.  If I haven't lost count we only have 1 more globe to relieve.  They can rendezvous with us near the Belt HQ.  
Then commo came back with, “Commandant Mooney will be aboard with a party of five in 1 hour.  Full dress uniform with sash for dinner is requested.  I'll also inform the XO, Weapons Master, Communications Chief, and Master Engineer.  I've already told the Communications Chief and Master Pilot.  Out.”

They all stood to attention when Commandant Mooney walked in followed by a gaggle of Rear Admirals.  He didn't even give them at ease, he just walked directly over to Sissy and put his hand on her shoulder and said, “You are out of uniform.  You were promoted to Rear Admiral last year. Give your eagles to your XO since he is out of uniform also.”  
With that he pulled out a set of worn stars and pinned them on her collar.  
Sissy turned and pinned her eagles on her XO and congratulated him.  
One of the RDML then announced attention to orders.  “Effective day 158 of Earth year 2243 RDML Sissy Medina is promoted to RADM by order of the Commander of the Saturn Government.”  
Then Commandant Mooney said congratulations RADM Medina.  Your initiative when attacked is a credit to your family and clan.  Your brother said to tell you that he is irritated that you, not he got to come here first.  RDML Albert Medina will be relieving you next year.  Your next assignment will be to set up exploration of all unknown space in a sphere at least 70 light years out from Saturn.  We need to find where that enemy ship came from and our scientist are working trying to figure out how they operate.  They have been tracked by various ships jumping with FTLD.  They continue to accelerate up to nine tenths light speed and then vanish leaving nothing, not even a gravity wave.  Our guys are stumped, if you can think of anything else just yell.  
RADM Sissy Medina then told Commandant Mooney, “We need to contact Admiral Seven of the Gobblers and get their scientist involved.”  
He then turned to Captain Jones and said, “I hope that you are ready to command the Cyclopes.  Your first assignment will be to promote some fellow officers.  Here are their orders.  They will be reassigned on the same date that Sissy is next year.  Oh and by the way the Cyclopes gets a bronze ship citation and all the crew assigned may wear it.  The PHOENIX also got a bronze ship citation.  Sissy gets a silver medal for successfully defending a star system under attack.  One hour after dinner we will be shoving off to the Gobbler system.”  
The Master Chef outdid himself.  Dinner was superb.

Two days later when the Enterprise 4 dropped into the Gobbler system, the ship ID system worked perfectly.  The nine weapon locks that the weapons master detected immediately disappeared an instant before his finger touched the emergency jump button.  The pilot was still laughing as he brought the ship back to a point near the original entry and dropped out of FTLD.  This time there were 23 weapon locks detected.  Sissy got on the communicator and broadcast that they were the 'HoM' warship Enterprise 4 and Rear Admiral Sissy Medina was here to request an audience with Admiral Seven of the warship Warfish or the high admiral.  We will remain in our present location until we receive a reply.  
After about 4 minutes the commo section said,  Captain Ironstone, permission to play this message as it came in.  
“Sissy welcome to Gobbler, I see that you have a new ship, come to an orbit 2000 Km above planet #4.  I'll see you on the space station that is flashing the blue lights.”  
Captain Ironstone then asked the commo chief if he could tell where the message originated.
His reply was it was broadcast from the Gobbler warship 629 Km off our port side.
She then asked navigation if they had located the planet and station.  When he said yes the station is orbiting a 1000 Km geosynchronous.  Give the pilot coordinates, I want 1 jump to 2000 Km above the planets surface and 1000 Km out from the station.  Make it look sharp.  Execute when ready.  
As soon as they dropped into orbit a shuttle appeared at their airlock.  Admiral Seven was waiting patiently as the crew opened the airlock.  He simply stated take me to Sissy.  
The crewman looked confused and then stated, “There are 2 Sissy's aboard.  One is the captain and the other is the admiral.” 
Admiral Seven twitch several tentacles and then said, “Take me to both of them now.  I am Admiral Seven of the Warfish and we saw combat action in the DIRT system.”
The crewman then snapped to attention and announced, “Rear Admiral Sissy Medina is the one you want to see.  Follow me to the bridge sir.”  As they started up the hall the intercom announced belay that, take Admiral Seven to the Officers Mess.  
Commandant Mooney with his gaggle of rear admirals stood behind Sissy as Admiral Seven was escorted in.  Captain Sissy Ironstone entered behind him and dismissed the crewman.  She then walked around and stood to RAML Sissy's left.  
Admiral Seven looked directly at RAML Sissy and stated, “You look just as civilized as you did after combat in the DIRT system.  The high admiral will see you in 2 hours as soon as he gets here.  I am so sorry that we do not have a suitable meeting place for you.  We didn't expect you to visit for another year and a half.  I am sorry to see that you have lost your eagle, but it seems that you now have 2 stars and a 4 star that stands behind you.  What do you desire to see me and the high admiral for?” 
Sissy bowed slightly and then invited Admiral Seven to have a seat at the table.  She then told him, “My eagle stayed on the Cyclopes and is now being worn by my Executive Officer.  Last year my superiors gave me one star.  This year they gave me another star and much more responsibility.  I am to figure out what type of propulsion system the enemy uses.  The scientist can not figure it out even with the additional information that I didn't know about until 2 days ago.”  She introduced Commandant Mooney and the stated that he brought the information with him along with a few of the scientist.  “I beg you to allow us to give you this additional information and hope that your scientist and our scientist can figure out what this enemy uses for a propulsion system and how to neutralize his weapons.”  
Admiral Seven then told her that the Gobblers also had new information.  “Can we trade information now so the scientist can start.  Here it is on a standard information cube along with all sensor reading from our ships.”
She turned to Commandant Mooney and said, “I hope your scientist have all the data on information cubes ready to transfer.” 
He looked at one of the rear admirals and said, “Go get a copy of all the data.  Tell them that we are trading all the information including the latest sensor readings and you will return with new information shortly.  Then they can start analyzing it immediately.”   
A few minutes the rear admiral returned with 2 data cubes.  Sissy took them and plugged them into the reader mounted on the bench behind her.  
Admiral Seven twitched several tentacles and asked, “Why are your checking the data cubes.”
Smiling and glancing at Commandant Mooney Sissy told Admiral Seven an old story that her father told her.  
It seems that two chemist met on a tour and got to talking.  They soon became close friends.  One day one was visiting the other at his laboratory.  They had traded information about their work before and both benefited.  Anyway the one in the lab was making some soup.  That is a food mixture that is mostly water with meat and vegetables heated together with spices.  Our food preparation specialist have thousands of recipes for soups.  Many will not share them with others.  They do strange things to their data to prevent anyone from reading it.  The visiting chemist commented that the soup was very good and wanted the recipe.  The chemist that made the soup gave him the recipe but changed the proportions of ingredients because he didn't want anyone to have his special recipe.  Anyway when the second chemist made the soup by the recipe he was given, it tasted terrible.  Some of our scientist are like the chemist in the story, they don't want anyone else to get the good information or recipes that they have.  They will change things and omit other information to prevent that.  
She then ran a virus program to check for virus programs on the data cubes.  Upon completion she tossed Commandant Mooney one cube and told him that this one is bad.  
Commandant Mooney then stood up and slowly walked out of the officers mess and down the hall.
Sissy then picked up the data cube that Admiral Seven brought and ran the virus program.  It came back infected also.  She moved aside and pointed at the screen and told him that this data cube had a bad program on it also.  He might want to talk to his scientist before they made another data cube.  
Well since we cannot trade data now, we might as well have dinner.  With that she called the master cook and asked him if he had any fish soup.  
He said that he could make a simple fish soup and about half an hour but for now he just had dinner prepared for her, the captain, and the guest.  With that he brought out 2 plates and one tray with raw fish.  Looking at Admiral Seven he apologized for not having a better dinner for him.  Admiral Seven said that he wasn't to hungry because he ate his big meal early in the day.  He would however like to sample what he heard about from a friend and that was smoked salmon.  The master cook picked up the tray and said he would be back in a few minutes.
When he returned he had a small plate of smoked salmon.  
The admiral picked up a small piece with one tentacle an moved it under his body to his beak.  The slurping sound wasn't to loud but everyone noticed.  Then the admirals translator gave out a groan and he said, it is as good as I was told.  However to much at one time would drive me up on a mountain without a drop of water.  May I have a large bowl of pure water please and can you wrap this up for me to take with me.
Sissy saw several older men looking into the mess and when they noticed that she saw them they quickly departed.  Sissy told Admiral Seven that there was a small detail that she need to take care of urgently and she would be right back.  She saw them turn a corner and ran and caught up to them just as they were entering one of the large meeting rooms.  As she followed them in she saw Commandant Mooney talking to another.  She then told them to come over and sit at the table that ran along one wall. As soon as they were seated she pointed and asked what he thought about the Gobbler in the officers mess.
The middle aged scientist simply stated that there was no good reason to give an overgrown squid their information.
Sissy noticed that Commandant Mooney and the scientist he had cornered were attentively watching as she replied to the middle aged scientist.  “The overgrown squid, as you refer to him, is a member of a species that designed and built spacecraft on their own.  They were outnumbered and out-shipped when the Kerth found them.  However they were such a force to reckon with that the star faring Kerth formed an alliance with them and still try to steal and copy their inventions.  It was their weapons that sterilized the star system of another race that was so aggressive, it built and launched 4 invasion fleets.  Their scientist are the ones that invented the FTLD.  I fought beside their one damaged star ship with 1 warship from Saturn and 2 warships from the Kerth, and they were the ones that turned the tide of the battle to our favor.  Do you think that a simple overgrown squid, with no fingers or thumb, could have their accomplishments with a tiny pea size brain that thinks and looks at problems and challenges from a completely different perspective than we do?  Do you want to try to infect the computers of a species that is more at home in a three dimensional environment than we are, and start a small computer war!  Can you imagine a 3 dimensional computer virus?  From the physical distance we were from our present location when we arrived in-system a radio message would have taken 10 to 15 minutes to make a round trip.  From the time I requested to speak to one named individual, to the time he was located and his superiors OK'd the contact, and we were given the coordinates to meet him was 4 minutes.  His shuttle traveled 1000 Km and docked with our ship in less than a minute after we arrived.  Think. Think!  Just think about it.  That tells me that this ally has superior technology to ours, at least in some areas.  We are also fighting an enemy that also has a technology that is different from ours.  It is so different that the only way we won the battles in the DIRT system was that we made our enemy miscalculate, and it overloaded its spacecraft engines or weapons, we couldn't find enough of them to tell.  We only recovered one body and that was from a different location where we trapped two of them.  Do you think the human race can fight both species at the same time?  Do we want to fight our present enemy that attacked us without provocation with or without allies?”  Then she turned and left headed back to the officers mess.
As she entered the officers mess she overheard Admiral Seven telling Captain Ironstone how the Dog invasion fleet was located in deep space between the stars and 2 Gobbler warships destroyed the entire fleet while suffering only minor damage.  He was waving his tentacles like an Italian friend of hers waived his hands while telling stories.  As she sat down he apologized profusely for his uncivilized behavior while telling about the historical event.  
Sissy said not to worry, she also got excited and waived her hands when telling about exciting historical events and many times when telling family stories.  Let me tell you about the competition between my older brother and myself.  
“He joined the Saturn military defense force at the age of 18.  I was 16 at that time and thought he could do anything.  Well he had problems flying a broken course through asteroid belts.  We both were taught to fly by our father and we both got better than him.  Well I was better and faster at dodging asteroids and seeing a route through the asteroid maze than my brother.  He took me out and we practiced and practiced.”  
Suddenly she stopped and put her hands in her lap. Then she continued.  
“I taught him how to be unfocused and see all the asteroids at one time and then let his instincts guide him through the maze.  Today he is almost as good as I am and there are only 2 humans that I've ever been told about that others claim, are better than I am at an asteroid maze flying.  One was the woman that Captain Ironstone and I are named after.  The other was a pilot that won more honors than we can list.  A natural talent will only carry you so far.  Even those with a little talent can increase their ability by training that talent until it is as sharp a broken shell.”	
Admiral Seven jerked back and then said, “Sissy, you are as dangerous as another female and her guard of your species was described to be.  She disarmed a Kerth senior council member that had her knife drawn and wanted her blood with one cut from her long knife as she drew it.  Her guard defeated 4 highly trained and proficient council guards and one of them had a power pistol.  We would not even be assisting you if it were not for the fact that your species has acted more civilized than the Kerth.  From watching you check your computer data cubes I saw the program designed to damage other computers.  Your program also detected the information gathering program that our scientist demanded to include because some of them think that your species isn't intelligent enough to understand some of the information and theories that they have come up with.  By the way my supervisors and some of the scientist are watching all we are doing using this device that uses a communications system that you don't have.”
Sissy then held up her hand and interrupted the Admiral.  “I know that you have a communications system that transmits faster than the speed of light which limits our radio's.  I also know you have found a way around the mass and volume limits that we and the Kerth have for our ships.  I suspected back in the DIRT system when we first met that you had gained access to our ship computers somehow when your communications person just wanted the codes and not the program we were using for ship identification.  I knew that you had superior computer techniques when the Kerth complained that you kept secrets from them.  Every species has it own talents,  all the others can do is develop their own talents to compensate.  Now I am going to assume that the high admiral will contact you, and either tell you to have us depart or invite us over to the station.  We will fit in the cargo bay and my people tell me that there is a lot of activity over there at the present time.  Also I do desire for our scientist to meet some of your scientist.  A game of brain challenges may surprise both groups since they approach problems in different ways.”  
He replied, “Have your scientist prepare 3 challenges and be prepared to solve 3.  They may bring any computer they wish.  Our scientist will be limited to a portable computer that is independent and not hooked to other computers.  A shuttle will pick up 10 of you tomorrow morning.  I must go now Sissy and it has been a great pleasure to see you again.”  
Sissy walked back down to the scientist meeting room and informed them that they could carry their most powerful portable computer to a challenge in the morning.  They were to create or dig up 3 problems for the Gobbler scientist to solve.  Your group will be given 3 Gobbler challenge problems to solve because some of the Gobbler scientist didn't think you are smart enough to understand their data. A shuttle will pick us up in the morning.  You may select 8 of you to attend.  Commandant Mooney and I will be the other 2.  

The next morning the scientist were waiting by the airlock.  They looked pretty smug standing there waiting for the shuttle to arrive.  One was a generalist, one had a photographic memory, and the rest were theoretical physicist.  They not only had the most powerful portable computer the Saturn system had, but they also carried several chalk boards, a thinkers scratch pad.  Commandant Mooney walked up in dress uniform with all four of his stars shining just as RADM Sissy Medina turned the corner coming into view.  
The first thing Sissy asked the commandant was do you have clean data cubes to exchange or have they slipped more viruses in.  
The commandant pulled a pocket computer out and said all the data since day 1 is here including the combat sensor readings from CUBE 13 in-route to the DIRT system.  The operating system is basic L.  
Sissy then said, “You should turn off the transmission interface to isolate it, and then I'll bet you they still download the data.”  Turning she asked the scientist if they had disabled or removed the transmission interface on their portable computer.
One of them smugly stated that even if they could access our computer the data is encrypted.  No one without the password can access it.  And also we have 3 problems that have stumped some of the greatest scientific minds.  
She then commented, the problems must be solvable, you might be required to show a solution if you stump their scientific team.  
Oh, we have the solutions under other encryption codes.  
Just then the airlock began to cycle.  The shuttle had arrived.  The trip to the station was much quicker than possible to travel 1000 Km under gravity drive.  As they entered the station cargo bay they saw 8 Gobblers in a tank near the center of the cargo bay, and beside the tank was a long low table with a 1 meter cube on it.  Behind it was a view screen.  Across from it was a higher table with 8 chairs and several chalk boards.  All along one wall were chairs, tables, and tanks.  There must have been a hundred Gobblers there to observe the challenge.  
Admiral Seven met them just inside the airlock and told the scientist they could set up over at the table with the chairs.  He and Sissy would exchange the first challenge problem as soon as they were ready.  If the problem could not be solved in 2 hours the the solution would be displayed and the team presenting the problem would get 1 point.  5 minutes would be allowed for the team to look over the problem and understand it before the time began.  If they could not understand the problem then either a different problem could be presented or they could get clarification for the problem.  Any question about the rules.  
None of the scientist objected and they handed Sissy the first problem.  It was written in English with a string of calculations under it. 
Admiral Seven picked up the 1st problem from the Gobbler table as they got out of the tank.  
They traded problems and handed them to the teams.  Both teams started laughing although the laughter through the Gobbler translators sounded strange.  Both Sissy and Admiral looked at their teams and demanded what was going on.  Both teams answered them by saying they had passed the same problem to the other team that they received. 
Commandant Mooney then quipped, “This is going to be interesting!”  
Admiral Seven the asked for the next problem and he and Sissy carried them over to the opposite tables.  
After a minute the Gobbler team asked, is the solution to this dependent upon the gravitational field of a normal star, a gravity hole, or empty space.
The human scientist that answered was the one with the photographic memory and he simply stated that there were 3 solutions, one influenced by what you call a gravity hole, one influenced by a normal star within a star satellite system and and one in deep space far from any star or large gravitational source.  
The Gobbler said that is true, but there is also a slightly different answer in deep space once you test outside the major gravitation influence of the galaxy.  We had an exploration ship travel outside the spiral arm and the results and readings changed by a tiny percentage with every light year out and as the background gravity decreased.  
One of the other human scientist scratched up a quick formula on the chalkboard and then asked how many light years out they went and what the background gravity decreased by.  As soon as he got his answer he wrote them down and turned to the computer and quickly entered the information.  “Ah, another answered, your distance traveled was off by 1% once you left the galactic plane and you were traveling spin-ward which gave a relativistic error of .0037%.  You know the problem and formulas but your data recording was sloppy.”  
What about the problem we gave you exclaimed one of the Gobbler scientist.  
As the generalist Human scientist picked up and read the problem he exclaimed, “I thought this challenge was about space and related subjects.  This is a biological problem relating to the function of what we call DNA in cell reproduction.  The answer is generally the same but changes as you figure in the effects of ionizing radiation within the environment.  Your answer will be inconsistent with ours because you evolved in an underwater environment where the only ionizing radiation you encountered was from radioactive ores in the ocean, whereas we evolved on the surface of a planet.  We were exposed to radioactive ores in places, but the main ionizing radiation we were exposed to was determined by the magnetic field of the planet and condition of the atmosphere.  The mutation percentages will not be the same because we developed within our cells a self correcting mechanism that helps prevent DNA sequences from being incorrectly assembled.”
One of the Gobbler scientist then stated, “We also have a self correcting function in our cells.  Unless someone objects I declare this challenge a draw.  We have a more urgent problem we need to work on. The enemy has a technology that is so alien that we alone cannot get a tentacle on it.  We loose half the ships that encounter them.  We know they cannot generate their devastating propulsion field below 25% the speed of light and when they accelerate to 78% the speed of light they appear to disappear as if entering a different space.  We have tracked their propulsion field effects up to 82% the speed of light and then it starts fading out until it is gone at 89% the speed of light.  We have detected their physical spacecraft up to 71% the speed of light and then it changes and becomes something else that we are unable to get a solid reading on.  It is almost as if it turns into something like water, you know its there, but you can look right through it and not get any readings from it.”  
One of the Human scientist interrupted him by saying you mean it changes atomic form like from regular matter to antimatter or from a solid to a wave form like a proton does when you try to record it. 
Another Gobbler scientist said, A physical object that you can confirm as solid cannot change into a wave form like light or ...............”  suddenly all the scientist were talking to each other and then they were mixing and talking amongst themselves between the tables. 
Commandant Mooney looked at Admiral Seven and Rear Admiral Sissy and calmly stated, “It looks like we got something started.  Like Sissy said the Gobblers look at a set of data one way and Humans look at it a different way.  We will either get a solution or they will tell us we should pack up and move to another galaxy.”  
Needless to say they didn't come up with a solution that day.  However they traded pure information and sensor reading and communicated for almost a year before the first field test were designed.  30 star-ships were sent out to scour the galaxy.  22 returned after a year and only 6 of them had gotten close enough to the enemy to get any readings with the new instruments.  
 The new data enabled them to form a theory as to what the drive did and how it did it, but as to construct a model that worked they claimed they wanted an actual copy.  What they theorized was that the main drive of the enemy ships created a field similar in effect to antimatter.  
It used regular matter that it gathered in to power it.  The main drive would propel the enemy spacecraft up to .73 light speed where it converted the matter in the spacecraft itself from a solid form to a wave form that was no longer detectable.  As the spacecraft continued to accelerate it entered another layer of space or as the human scientist insisted it entered another dimension.  At approximately .82 light speed it is out of normal space, but still detectable.  When it reached .897 light speed it is so far out of normal space that no more detection was possible of the spacecraft or its drive system.
The only vulnerabilities detected were when it was below .2 light speed.  The physical spacecraft could be damaged by energy weapons.  From .2 to .5 light speed the only way to damage them was to overload their engines with a mass of normal matter that exceeded the mass of the spacecraft by 3.  One ship observed an enemy spacecraft pass directly through a planet at .7 light speed.  They took readings of the planet itself and detected no damage or detectable trace that the enemy spacecraft had passed through it.  It did not disturb the atmosphere, solid crust, ocean, or core.  No abnormal tectonic activity was detected.  This verifies that the enemy spacecraft is far enough out of normal space at .6 light speed that normal matter no longer affected it, but then we have another problem, where is it getting fuel at that speed.  
The Gobbler scientist presented all the information and theoretical data to the Seals.  Previously they had worked on problems together.  That is how they got around the mass and volume constraints to the FTLD within a star system.  This enabled them to build shuttle craft size spacecraft to navigate within the gravity well of a star.  Once they showed the humans how it worked they designed and built what they called ship to ship missiles that could be used within a star system for defense.  These could track a spacecraft and follow it even when it changed trajectory.  These smart missiles were programmed to ignore friendly spacecraft and only go after spacecraft that didn't have the proper ID program.  The most disturbing test the humans showed them was when a missile was fired into a group of Human and Gobbler ships and it went after a test shuttle that had no ID system.  Once the missile was launched at a target to only way to escape was to leave the gravity well of the star or turn on the ID program.  In one test a Human warship tried jumping around within the gravity well of the star and the missile caught it on the 4th jump.  The missiles could be retrieved or would self destruct depending upon the original commands.  After that they built a thousand for each Gobbler and Human systems.  

Six months later the Seals entered the Gobbler system in one of their own ships.  They contacted the science council and told them that they had solved the challenge.  They had a working model and designs to build more.  They also had a weapon design that would neutralize the propulsion system and prevent it from being restarted.  They also had a theory for a system to view the twelve layers of space.  The two below and nine above.  The only problem with the view system is that it would needed the power of a small star to work.  
The Gobbler scientist immediately contacted the Human scientist and they started designing a spacecraft using the enemy propulsion system, the FTLD, and gravity drive.  They put another group to building the weapon.  A third group started working on how to harness the power of a star and build the view system.  
* * *


SFGSS

After the Enterprise 4 departed the Gobbler system Commandant Mooney had it travel to the STATION.  There he addressed the Alliance council and told them that their help when the DIRT solar system was attacked was greatly appreciated by the Humans and their governments.  He also warned them that they needed to start building more system defense ships.
They thanked him and assured him that they would take the matter under advisement.  However one attack and the destruction of the attacking spacecraft did not rise to the level of a danger to civilization. They had many pressing problems that needed to be addressed.

After returning RAMD Medina to the DIRT system the Enterprise 4 started making a tour of the human planets.  At each Commandant Mooney informed the planetary governments about all the events of the attack, the working together of Human and Gobbler scientist, the attitude of the Alliance council, and the fact that the Star Federation government space station was nearing completion.  He also requested each planet have an ambassador join his ship and travel to the SF station.  Most of the planets furnished an ambassador to accompany him on the Enterprise 4.  
It was slightly into the new year when the Enterprise 4 arrived at the new Star Federation government space station.  After everyone toured the station some made a few suggestions.  Just because the station had been build from old ships in the 'HoM' didn't impress most of the ambassadors. Not only were each of the 6 star ships making up the station capable of independent flight, but the station control systems were tied together so the station could move under FTLD as a unit or spit into groups of three and go to separately.     
Stationed at the space station were a dozen CUBE and hybrid warships that the 'HoM' government furnished along with a Capitol Warship for command and control.  They understood the vulnerability of a space station since most all their population lived in space habitats.  Each planetary government was expected to furnish additional warships on a rotational basis to enhance the government station security.  The military commander would directly answer to a designated government committee as soon as it was formed.  
What Commandant Mooney didn't tell them was that from a survey he had completed of all the planetary military commanders was that not only did he and the 'HoM' military have more experience but they also had more and better equipment.  All the military commanders he had talked to suggested that he be the overall human space fleet commander.  
After gathering all the ambassadors in the central meeting chamber and letting them take whatever seats they wanted he announced that the Star Federation government station would be operational in 4 months.  What he wanted now was for them to formally designate the station as the new location of the Star Federation Government.  After they discussed and approved that he needed them to set up a few committees.  First would be the Star Federation military defense force control committee.  Second was to assign a rotational schedule for each member planet to furnish 1 warship to the Star Federation military defense force at the government station.  Third was to select a leadership committee.  Fourth was to select the committees to oversee trading, exploration, scientific investigation, and contact with alien species.  Fifth was to set a date of the first formal Star Federation meeting.  Sixth was the tax that would be levied on each human star system to support the government.  With that he informed them that the computers at their desk were all active and they could start now.  They could see the itinerary listed on the first screen.  
1. Set up Star Federation Military Defense Force (SFMDF) oversight committee and assign civilian government command structure.  
2. Assign a rotational schedule for each member planet to furnish 1 warship to the SFMDF at the Star Federation Government Space Station (SFGSS).  
3. Formal unified approval of paragraph 6 added to Star Federation Laws. *note: most Human world planetary governments have already approved paragraph 6.
4. Set up a leadership committee.  
5. Set up a committee to create committees to oversee the following:  
a. trading
b. exploration
c. contact with alien species.  
d. scientific investigation
6. Set a date of the first formal SFGSS government meeting.  
7. Set up a committee to determine the tax that will be levied on each human star system to provide maintenance for the government SFGSS and support the SFMDF.  Each Human planet will be responsible for the transportation and finances of their own delegation and staff.  
8. Tour of offices and living quarters.  Briefing paper on each Planetary government offices, staff needed, and living quarters furnished on the SFGSS.
They were assigned guides waiting to show each of them what office complex was assigned to each desk and the dining halls were staffed for their convenience.  They could bring their own staff in to replace the military personnel presently doing all the work.  With that he left the chamber and went back to the Enterprise 4 to monitor what the ambassadors were doing. 
After much discussion the ambassadors set the first formal meeting date for 4 months out; that would be day 13 of year 2247.  They decided that they would assign the rotation of military forces by the date the planets were settled.  None of them wanted to form any of the committees at the present.  They decided to let the 'HoM' system provide security until after the first formal meeting.  Leadership would be decided at the first meeting.  They wanted to know who approved adding paragraph 6 to the Star Federation Laws and what authority he had to do so.  
Commandant Mooney sent them back a message that as Commandant of the military forces in the DIRT solar system he did so with the aid and support of several Star Federation warship Captains.  It was either that or a war with the Alliance.  They had military superiority at that time, but did not want a war either.  We saw a chance to avoid the looming war.  As you may notice from the wording in paragraph 6 that it does not limit the Star Federation in any way.  If you will go to menu AA you will find a copy of the Alliance Laws.  There you will find where their council added a paragraph 7 to their Star Laws using the exact same wording.  You will also find the Star Federation and Alliance trade laws were not modified.  Also if you make note of the dates you will notice that we came into possession of FTLD at that time.  I arranged a technology transfer of all public knowledge between the Alliance and Federation.  The most important item we gained was the FTLD and locations of all their planets.  They already knew the location to over half the human worlds.  We had no central location for our government at that time and because the Star Federation did not possess FTLD it would have taken decades to gather a government commission to iron out a peace treaty.  If the Alliance had thought of it they could have launched their complete military force against one human planet and then the next and then the next until all were conquered before word of the first planet attacked could pass to the next.  They grudgingly approved what he had done and approved paragraph 6.
Then they all went to tour the office complex assigned to the desk they sat at.  The only fault that they could find after touring the identical office complexes was the fact that some were further away from the central meeting chamber than others.  
Commandant Mooney was fairly pleased that points 2, 3, and 6 were approved.  He knew, of course, that point 8 would be approved because he knew politicians.  
The next day the VIP and Ortranto arrived.  They were the 2 newest ships built by the Saturn ship yards using the old ships from the supply orbiting Neptune.  Both were privately owned and designed as passenger and cargo ships.  Their owners designed them to transport older gravity drive trader ships and shuttle passengers that would pay the price.  For their maiden voyage the owners volunteered to transport all the ambassadors back to their home planets free.  Free advertising from a luxury trip to circle the human worlds was worth more that the expense involved.  Also they hoped to pick up a few of the older trader ships and make a little profit on the side.  The only problem Commandant Mooney saw with them was the fact that they were not armed, however each carried a cube warship aft for their maiden voyage.  Their design allowed for a total of four trader size globes to be transported at the same time in addition to a cube aft.  The mass and volume was such that they could use their FTLD without a cube in the aft bay or any trade vessels in the four side bays.  One Enterprise officer stated that they looked like pregnant whales.  
* * *


The Walk

On the 205th day of 2247 the PHOENIX arrived to relieve the Enterprise 4.  Sissy spent a week showing her brother around the system and introducing him to the people in charge on the planet.  He agreed that the Plan was the best way to continue bringing the planets population up to Star Federation education level and civilization level.  
In his historical studies he suggested that as soon as there was a fleet of steel trading vessels and the population was comfortable with powered steel hull ship that a cargo submarine be introduced. That would allow the mariners to become used to closed in spaces.  Then after the planet progressed to rockets the idea of gravity drive be seeded into the educational program.  If they came up with it on their own then they could use their best built cargo submarines as spacecraft to build a space station. Then they would be ready for general contact with the Star Federation.
Sissy agreed that that would allow for a more efficient use of their limited iron ore resources, but it would seriously hamper their present free access to the Villa.  
Then Albert said he would think about it.  As for now the Plan will proceed as written.  We can always seed the planet with high iron ore content asteroids in various places including shallow areas of the ocean.  The ocean surveys indicate there is a shallow area in the northern ocean only 30 meters down, that indicates it was above sea level in the past.  Also on the opposite side of the planet from the main continents that string of islands that also show indications that they were a continent at one time.  I think that I'll ask for volunteers to do a deep sea survey. 

The next morning RAMD Medina told Captain Jones to take the Cyclopes to the new SFMDF HQ. Ten days later he called her to the bridge for the first look at the SFGSS and the SFMDF HQ.  

Commandant Mooney greeted her with a warm smile as she boarded the SFMDF HQ station.  After several days of briefings she was informed that the new capitol warship Artemis would arrive shortly.  Its captain was a Commander Swift.  It would be her flag ship for the exploration fleet that he was putting under her command.  You are well aware of the fact that a 2nd SF mining colony was found destroyed.  The area I suggest you explore first is that sector out to 100 light years.  Unofficially you will also be a War Fleet.  With the new communications system that the Gobblers furnished us instant communications is now possible.  I know it wasn't listed in the briefings you received.  We only have 6 of them.  I am positive that the Seals, not the Gobblers designed and built them.  The Gobblers were very specific on who would have access or even knowledge of them.  Also the technology to build them is extremely alien.  The scientist I had examine mine informed me that part of the transmitter doesn't even exist in normal space.  You are the only officer that the Gobblers did not demand appear before their communications board before giving a communicator.  Admiral Seven will be here tomorrow to give you yours.  When I appeared they grilled me all day and I thought that I lost several hours of memory.  I didn't suffer any ill effects because when I returned I had the most complete physical I've ever had.  They found from that exam that I was missing 2 hours and 3 minutes of memory, wiped cleaner than a virgin data cube.  
Admiral Seven also indicated that he has some new weapons for you.  For a little red head you sure influenced at least one alien military.  One trader that stopped at the Goshen home world saw references to a Dame Captain Sissy that was The Red Warrior Queen.  Since you are the only Sissy that has had as much contact with the Alliance as Captain Sissy Ransome, I think you are the one they were referring to since she has black hair.  She also has a Gobbler communicator.  She will have the CUBE 9 here day after tomorrow.  It just finished refit and is now FTLD capable.  You will be amazed because it is pure warship like CUBE 13.  Your exploration fleet will consist of:
1. Artemis (flag ship),	Commander Artemis Swift 
2. Asp  (CUBE 9), Captain Sissy Ransome 
3. Enterprise 4	, Captain Sissy Ironstone 
4. CUBE 13, Captain Orville Elberts 
5. KILLER II, Captain Clarance Freeman 
6. Specter, Commander Luke Fredericks 
7. Waterbug (Seal warship), Captain Tooth (translation of name) 
8. Spike (Gobbler warship), Admiral Eight (Admiral is family name, rank unknown) 
9. Total of 92 gravity drive globe fighters plus 40 alien fighters.

By the way the Seal warship was named in honor of one of the early asteroid belt fighters ships.  That is what I was told when they requested to join the exploration fleet.  Then the Commandant then told her, “Enjoy yourself this evening off because tomorrow when the Artemis arrives you will have no time off for the next few years.”  
Late the next day Admiral Seven arrived with a small fleet of five ships.  After greeting Commandant Mooney he asked to see Sissy.  
When she entered the command briefing room he handed her a dark green sash and showed her how to fasten the neck strap.  Suddenly she heard several voices talking.  Admiral Seven then told her to think the name Admiral Eight.  As she thought that name the voices dissipated and another voice answered, with the question, are you Sissy Medina the Red Warrior Queen that my father told me about?  When she thought yes I am Sissy Medina, he replied my father Admiral Seven says my life is yours to command.  The crew of my Spike are also in awe of you from just the stories my fathers brother tells about you from the battles in the DIRT system.  My younger sister is named after you and that is a great honor.  
Sissy thanked him and turned to Admiral Seven and then said aloud, “How do I really control this Seal communicator.  I can wear it, but I might want some privacy without taking it off.”  
He twitched one tentacle and then replied,  “Once you have used it many times you will realize that only when you direct your thoughts toward it will it pick them up.  You will hear when someone calls you using it and as you just demonstrated you will be able to tell the difference between its voice and a voice of someone communicating to you in person.  You are now what the Seals call within the pool or school of the communicator.  You are one of three persons that have two names, one is Sissy Medina as the humans know you and the other is Red Warrior Queen as the Seals and Gobblers know you.  No Kerth even knows about the Gobbler communicator.  Why did you say it was a Seal communicator?”  
She thought Admiral Seven it uses mental communication power instead of the usual technology that I have seen in use on your spacecraft.  I know that the Seals use their mental powers to hunt and control their oceans.  That is unless you tell me that there is another race that the Gobbler's are in contact with that the Alliance does not know about.  
He thought back you are correct however we must talk aloud so Commandant Mooney is included.  He has not used his communicator enough to be able to use it at a distance.  He raised one tentacle and Sissy touched it with a finger.  
Aloud she said, “Well now that that is completed I shall wait for the Captain of the Waterbug to contact me.”  Then she thought Admiral Seven, am I able to mount emblems on this sash without damaging it so it will look like my clan sash?  That way I will be able to wear it at any time and its real function will not be suspected.  
Commandant Mooney was saying I have just received a signal that the Artemis has arrived.  
Sissy heard in her mind yes it was designed that way at my suggestion because I know how much the Humans and Kerth like to adorn themselves with symbols of power.  
She answered the Commandant by saying, “Then we should call Commander Swift to meet us here.  Has she met any alien species yet?  While we wait I should like some refreshments and I'm sure that Admiral Seven would like something also.”  She thought Admiral Seven what is the range at which I will be able to hear the communicator and reply so it can carry my thoughts to others.  
She received the thoughts it will increase as you use it and learn more control.  My brother detected that you had some natural talent when he worked with you in the DIRT system, but you had no training.  He is aboard the Spike and his name is Admiral Beak.  When you get alone contact him and he will teach you more because he is a master communicator.  
Sissy then thought at Admiral Seven and asked aloud, “What would you like as refreshment while we wait. 
He thought back a large pool of slightly salted water to bask in while saying aloud, “I've been told that a drink called black tea is excellent.”  
Sissy held up her right hand and wiggled her fingers for a moment and then heard his thought, you are learning fast. You shan't trick me again because I have dealt with 5 humans and none of them were able to do what you just did. 
Commandant Mooney then stated, “I don't know what you two are up to but please include me, after all I am the Commander of all the Human military forces.”
Sissy the asked the Commandant, “Where is your sash.”
He replied, “In my cabin, about 200 meters forward.”
She shrugged her shoulders and said, There are capabilities once you learn how to use it that are very interesting.”
Looking at her he said, “You've only had it on five minutes, what have you learned?”  
Suddenly she hear another voice that identified itself as Admiral Beak you must not teach yet, you don't have the control.  Some of the others given the Seal communicator have the talent but others don't.  They will never be able to do what you can do because of your raw talent.  There are very few that can do as I can and that is use the communicator to listen in on those I have known.  There is another on the spacecraft you arrived on that has raw natural talent and as soon as I can identify them I must meet them, can you arrange that.
Yes I can arrange that and I think that I know who you mean.  It may be Captain Jones, we have worked together for several years and it seems that he and I almost know what the other is going to do before the other does it.  I can arrange the meeting in the morning.
“Well Commandant, I think that you may want to wear yours more often so you will not be out of contact with those that have theirs.  After all if one of us needed to contact you immediately we would not be able to.  Of course I would not wear it or have it close by during a classified briefing.  From what I understand you will be able to communicate through it at a small distance once you train your mind.  Of course I don't know yet what the distance is or how much mental training is needed.”  
Looking at her he said, “You have been talking to more than just Admiral Seven haven't you.  One of the other captains that was selected for a communicator hinted that he heard other voices that were not human.  I however have a hard time using mine, so the only thing I can conclude is that you and some of the others selected have a talent that I lack.  I've been selecting the brightest and most intuitive for years to be the leaders of the military.  All the captains they selected are among the ones that I also selected.  I don't know which of you will be my replacement when I retire but I believe the SFMDF will be in excellent hands.  I think I shall retire to my quarters and let you meet Commander Swift on your own.  I'm sure that there is a pile of paperwork that needs my attention.  Also I will contact my communicator instructor and request more training.  I'll see you later.”  
She grabbed his hand and looking deep into his eyes said “I'm sorry, at least you have never been accused of being a witch because you can sometimes sense what is going to happen and act almost before it happens.  I considered it a curse and suppressed it for years.  However, now I think it might be a talent that I should develop.  We should keep this communication device a military secret, even from others in the military that will not be able to use it.  How many did go for the selection process that were not selected?”
He looked at her and answered, “I sent thirty five of my most intuitive and only 5 were selected.  This talent must be rare.  I guess my age must be one of the factors that make it hard for me to use.”  
As soon as he was out the door she thought Admiral Beak I need to speak to you about the Commandant.
Instantly she heard yes.
I tried to divert my first suggestion to Commandant Mooney, however I think he must suspect that I was not completely truthful.  Does he have the talent to use this communicator or did you do something to him so that he could.
He has the talent but it has been unused for so long that he has almost lost it.
Will he be able to use the communicator with more ease if he uses it more often?
I doubt that he will ever be at complete ease with the communicator.
Well he said he is going to contact his communicator trainer for more training.  Please tell him the problem and make it easier for him.
I will answered Admiral Beak.
A few minutes later Commander Swift walked in and introduced herself.  
As she went to get a cup of tea Sissy heard she has some of the talent but it is different than yours.  I must have my brother meet her.  Sissy introduced Admiral Seven and told how he brought some new weapons developed by the Gobbler and Human scientist.  Turning to Admiral Seven she said aloud, “As soon as we finish our refreshments we will visit your ship and look at some of the weapons and your expert can tell me how they work” and thought and your brother can meet her.  If he wants I can have Captain Jones meet us there also.
Admiral Seven answered I shall call and set it up now and have your captain meet us also.
Sissy stepped over to the wall intercom and called commo and told them to contact the Cyclopes and tell Captain Jones to meet her on the Gobbler ship in 30 minutes.  That is all.
Sissy observed and tried to sense what Commander Swift was about as they headed for her shuttle.  It wasn't until they all reached for their safety straps that she seemed to notice that the strap started moving toward Commander Swift's hand before she actually touched it.  She then quietly said, “Artemis you practice moving things when you're alone don't you.”
Commander Swift looked shocked and then said, My mother warned me but I like the feeling of being able to do it.  How did you know?  We only just met.”
“I'm RADM Sissy Medina, known to some alien species as the Red Warrior Queen, and to some childhood friends as a witch.  You moved the safety strap before you touched it.  As your new commander I'll give you a choice right now.  You may stay and do completely as I say or I will have you reassigned without prejudice by Commandant Mooney.  I will expect your answer after the tour tomorrow.  In the next hour I shall learn much more about you and you will learn a little about me.” 
As the shuttle docked Captain Jones stood just inside the airlock.  He looked at Commander Swift and said, “I see you've met my master as he extended his hand her.”  
Her shocked look stopped him.  
“Just kidding, Sissy is a great commander and I wish I was going with y'all on this expedition.”  
Commander Swift took his hand and said, “You don't know the secret I have and she discovered it in less than 15 minutes.  I need to talk to you privately today.”
Admiral Beak are you aboard and can you sense the two standing near me?
No I'm still on my way but I can only sense the strange talent of the female because you are so close to her.
Sissy then turned to Captain Jones and instructed him to wait at the airlock and meet Admiral Beak and escort him to where they were when he arrived.  She then told Commander Swift to have her shuttle back off from the airlock until they were ready to depart and get a communicator while you tell the pilot. 
They were met and guided to a meeting room.  There a Gobbler joined them and explained that he could give them a full tour of the ship, but the cargo bays were off limits because they were in vacuum. They were kept that way because the weapons there had to be installed on the outside of spacecraft and it was much easier simply to move them from the cargo holds directly to where they would be installed. However they had the weapon installed on the hull of their ship and after giving them a tour of the ship they could observe the outside of the weapon mounted on the ship when they departed.  He led them through several compartments to a tube.  He explained that they would have to proceed one at a time and this tube led to the control room.  
As they entered the control room they looked around and saw what looked like baskets mounted on the walls in front of the controls.  The guide pulled himself up to one and slipped into it.  All 8 tentacles extended through holes in the basket.  It also had a hole in the bottom where the beak and mouth were and the mesh was wider near the top where the eyes were.  He demonstrated how he could reach controls with five tentacles.  Then he came down and said if you will follow me.  He then jumped back down the entry tube and headed back to the meeting room.  As the last of them arrived he brought up a view screen.  I am going to show you the rest of the ship using the screen because most of them are wet.  In fact you may have noticed the other entrance to the control room was closed.  It is a three chamber separation lock to the wet portion of the ship as you can see there.  Here is one of the wet meeting rooms and as my viewing person moves to the next chamber you can see are rest areas.  I will not show you our feeding area or food growing area.  The extra light would disturb the growing balance we maintain.  Now here is my other viewer with his view recorder in the cargo bay.  
This is one of the weapons being assembled.  What this one does is send out a non-directional sphere of power that disrupts the quantum beam that is projected in front of the enemy ship.  This second one sends out an aimed power beam similar to your laser that travels in more that one layer of space.  It should damage the physical structure of the enemy ship.  We have tested the weapons against unoccupied ships and it preformed as designed.  We have detected no adverse effects from the control ships when using our known propulsion systems.  However the 1st weapon will not affect the antimatter beam if the control ship is in FTLD.  They must turn of their FTLD and return to normal space to attack the enemy.  Our ships are set up so the 1st weapon engages instantly as the FTLD propulsion field stops.  The suggested attack procedure is to drop several of your small fighting globes ahead of the enemy and then attack with the 2nd weapon from another ship as the enemy propulsion field collapses.  We have 150 pairs of weapons so all your expedition can be armed with them.  We will start with your flag ship and its globes.  All the controls are contained in small computers that attach to your weapons master control panel.  Only 2 circuits are need because everything else is contained in the weapon itself.  I could even operate both weapons from a space suit and the control computer.  
That concludes the tour.  If you have any questions my assistant will get the information for you.
As they returned to the airlock they saw Admiral Beak talking to Captain Jones.  
Immediately she received the thought, he does not posses the talent but he is extremely perceptive and able to sense into the future for a short time.  This is another talent that we have never encountered. The female with you has a different talent and it is not compatible with the communicator either.  I do wish to study both but understand only the female will travel with the expedition.  
Sissy then told Captain Jones that it would be preferable if he talked to Commandant Mooney and made arrangements for a mixed crew aboard the Cyclopes as a Human Gobbler liaison.  Also ask if the Gobblers have plans to mount several of the weapons on the SFGSS or SFMDF ships performing security.  Then she instructed Commander Swift to call for her shuttle.  We will install the weapons on our globes first and run test.  By then your weapons master will have his main controls set up for mounting the weapons on the Artemis.  Lets get started.  I will come aboard the Artemis tomorrow morning and inspect the crew and tour the ship itself.  Drop Captain Jones at the Cyclopes on your way back to the Artemis.  I am taking his shuttle and going directly to HQ.  Winking at Captain Jones she commented, “I know that Swift has many questions about our working environment.  Don't give her any future information.”  
He simply smiled and bowed his head.  Then he and Swift boarded her shuttle and departed.  
As Sissy boarded the Cyclopes shuttle she used the shuttle radio to send a message to Commandant Mooney stating that she needed to communicate with him.  She waited a few moments and thought Commandant Mooney can you hear me.  It took 3 tries before she heard yes I can hear you.  She the outlined the tour and informed him that she suggested that Captain Jones talk to him about a liaison aboard the Cyclopes.
He replied we have another ship being built at the Saturn shipyard now that will have compartments for each species of the Alliance and Humans with joining meeting rooms.  If I do allow a liaison from the Gobbler aboard the Cyclopes it will only be for a year.  
She outlined what she had been told by Admiral Beak about the two different talents that Captain Jones and Commander Swift had.  Unfortunately he says they are not compatible with the communicator, but he would like them studied and observed so we can learn more about those talents. They might be useful to the military although I don't know how.  My grandmother told me about strange talents that many had back on Earth, but I never gave her stories that much credence until now.  I think that you might want to have the commands from the SF worlds checked out also when they rotate through.  I'll be aboard in a few minutes and in my quarters until noon.  With that she looked around and noticed that the co-pilot was observing her intently.  She waived him back and moved to the rear of the passenger compartment telling the cargo master to move forward.  As he sat down across from her she asked why he was looking at her so intently.
Embarrassed he answered that he had heard rumors that she was known by the aliens as the Red Warrior Queen and there were even rumors among the ships crews from the battles that she knew things that she should have no way of knowing.
Smiling she reminded him that all good commanders were rumored to have supernatural powers and she had even been called a witch a time or two behind her back.  There is also a command rumor mill that reports what the officers hear.  As you advance you will become more aware of it.  Right now you mainly associate with the other pilots and your crew so you hear more of the crew rumor mill.  Enjoy your position and listen to what is said.  You will be amazed at the information passed that shouldn't be.  As a junior officer you may be able to correct some misinformation sometimes.  Notice where the information comes from, like in the mess when several officers or crew sit and gossip.  There is always someone listening to pass on flavorful tidbits.  Now you had better get back to your post, we will be docking in a minute.  
He glanced up at the view screen and realized that they were only a few hundred meters from the docking port.  On his way forward he thought back about the conversation and realized that she was sitting with her back to the view screen.  This left him with another point to ponder,  how did she know how close they were to docking.  There had been no announcement or signal and the gravity plates within the shuttle would have prevented anyone from feeling the turnaround.  He decided he needed to talk to the pilot after they docked.  
Sissy disembarked and watched as the copilot whisper to the pilot.  Another rumor started.  All those years of piloting sure paid off when you could tell almost exactly what a shuttle was doing by the background sounds.  Those little telltales, switches and hydraulics.  She thought back to the mechanical training her father insisted upon when he taught her and Albert how to fly.  Also his insistence that they listen to every sound made by the flier as they learned to fly.  Then the after flight checks.  Both of them were light years ahead of their classmates in the academy.  Jones would have to develop and use his talent to keep the crew on their toes.  She made a mental note to have talk with him before she left.  

The next morning she heard Commandant Mooney calling her.  Jerking awake she realized that no one was in her quarters and the intercom was silent.  She thought I'm awake now, is there an emergency.
No I was just going to invite you to meet me in the HQ enlisted mess.  This morning I heard another rumor about you from a senior pilot.
Sissy laughed out loud and replied yesterday I was talking to the copilot of the shuttle on the way back here.  If you remember your days back at the academy the instructors kept telling us to listen to the sounds the shuttle made while flying and the feel of the controls.  Well he was sitting in the back seat and I was facing him with my back to the passenger view screen.  When I heard the hydraulics I told him he needed to get back to his post. The pilot waited to the last minute to rotate to docking attitude and we were only a couple of hundred meters from the airlock.  As I got off I looked and the copilot was whispering to the pilot.  I'll be there in 15 minutes.  I've got to hear what kind of witchcraft I'm supposed to have done this time.  As she walked into the enlisted mess all conversations stopped.  She said, “Carry on,” and walked over and ordered breakfast.  Turning she headed for the Commandant at a corner table hunched over a cup of coffee.  He had his sash on and looked like he was concentrating fiercely.  He didn't even notice when she sat down so she sipped her coffee and waited. 
When he noticed her he said, “I've just received another report of pirate activity.  That is the second this year.”  He was talking loud enough so he should have been overheard at the next table.  “You will unofficially look for the pirate planet on the expedition.  This last attack was close to the border of the area you are to explore.”  Then he winked and said, “Lets go to the bridge.  I need to show you some reports that came in yesterday.”
They got up and as they left the crew mess she heard a burst of conversation start up.
Then he said, “Janet called me before her ship hit the security zone and gave me a brief about the reports that will be transferred shortly.  I enjoy occasionally starting a rumor about myself.  Now the rumor the senior pilot told me about this morning is that you knew what the shuttle was doing before the pilot completed the maneuvering to dock.  You now have a new supernatural power.  I don't know if you knew or not but Freddy, the pilot that just transferred to the Cyclopes, is my great grandson from my first wife.  He called me last night and told me that his copilot was positive you were a witch and that is basically the rumor I heard this from my senior pilot this morning.  I'm sure that it will be all over the Artemis by noon and probably throughout your expedition as each ship arrives.  Oh and by the way I overheard the weapons master being told about the Red Warrior Queen right after shift change last night in the officers mess.  I wish I was 50 years younger and had your reputation.”  As they approached the bridge he guided her to the weapons station and indicated the new computer mounted on the wall. It was a cube about half a meter on each side.  Only 3 cables ran from it, one to the pilot station and 2 to the weapons station.  He indicated that the Gobbler team had installed it last night with the assistance of the weapons master.  The external weapons are being installed as we speak.  Nine of my globes are over at the Gobbler convoy now being installed along with all the globes from the Artemis.
Then he turned to the Commo Chief and told him, “Broadcast to CUBE 9 to proceed directly to the Gobbler convoy location.”  
The Commo Chief then said, “We haven't received any report that CUBE 9 is in our area yet.”  Just then CUBE 9 popped up on the ID screen at its far north curve.  Immediately the Commo Chief keyed in the directive and as he hit the transmit button he dropped his jaw because CUBE 9 was changing course toward the Gobbler convoy location.  
Navigation control then reported that CUBE 9 was not proceeding according to standard SOP and wanted the bridge officer to their station.  A moment later they canceled the request, and then queried commo as to the exact time the message was transmitted.
The Commandant grasp Sissy's elbow and guided her off the bridge.  “Now Ransome will be given some supernatural power also.  The expedition I'm sending you on is as you know dangerous.  The college indicates a 15% chance that you will find the enemy home word or one of their colonies.  They also say that if you do there is a 97% probably that only one ship will survive to report back.  Probable contact with an individual enemy ship is 20% with a 42% chance of surviving that contact.  Over all they give the expedition a 3% chance of completing its mission and returning with all ships.  I want every crew to be absolutely positive their commander knows what is going on and is the best.  Like my grandfather used to say it's easy to walk on water if you know where the stones are.” 
Sissy then asked him what he had heard from the Artemis.  “Any rumors enlisted or officer and anything about Commander Swift.” 
“Now that you mention it the enlisted rumor mill says that when she returned to the ship she sat in the officers mess for over 2 hours thinking about something.  They say she kept sliding her coffee cup back and forth between her hands and sometimes her hands didn't move.  Finally the mess steward called the medical officer and as he entered his medical clipboard just fell apart.  As he was gathering up his papers Swift got up and left.”  She was then reported on the bridge raising hell about the slackness of the area and stating that when the Admiral arrived if anything was out of order she'd have the responsible party cleaning the bilge for the entire expedition.  From there she hit every department on the Artemis and put the fear of God into the whole crew.   
Sissy then told the Commandant that yesterday she had given Swift a choice, an now she was positive what answer she had decided upon.  I need to get aboard and walk the ship without anyone knowing.
The Commandant said, “I'll have Freddy swing by on his supply run.  You can carry your sash in a clip under your jacket, Admiral Beak told me that since you heard me while asleep you don't need to wear it anymore, just have it near.  Here is a copy of your command codes for the expedition and each of the human ships.  Catch up with me later today or tomorrow.”
Sissy changed into a plane jump suit and went down to the cargo deck to wait for Freddy.  
When he arrived he announced that he was short handed, would she please assist unloading when they got to the Artemis.  His grandfather told him that she wanted to enter quietly and he had to leave his copilot because he would blab.  Just let granddad know and I'll be back to pick you up anytime.  The shuttle docked and Freddy joined the cargo chief and Sissy in unloading twenty cases of computer parts.  
The chief handed her a clipboard with the paperwork and other papers on it saying here is a survey of request.  Tell them it needs verifying and it should get you through 9/10ths of the ship with no questions asked.  It's listed by departments with contact names.  I've changed a few of the quantities so they will gripe about supply and hopefully not look at you to closely.  However you will catch some flack.  See you tomorrow.  
Sissy looked at the clipboard and walked into the Artemis and asked where the first department on the list was.  The ensign started to give her directions and then asked to see the clipboard.  She then renumbered the list and told Sissy to start with the new number 1 and that department was down the corridor 50 meters on the starboard.  Sissy looked at the new number 1 and started off.  Six hours later she was sitting in the enlisted mess eating and chatting when Commander Swift walked in.  
She had her cup of coffee almost to her lips before she noticed Sissy sitting in the corner with a group of crewmen from the engineering section.  She walked over and sat down.  Of course that killed the joking conversation.  Then she asked Sissy what she was doing aboard her ship.
Sissy just slid the clipboard over.
After looking at several pages she said, “Come with me please.” 
Sissy then told the engineers, “See you guys later if I don't end up in the bilge.”  
Then one of the older engineers at the table said, “Captain don't go to hard on the kid, they gave her a crappy job and I heard the hell the chief engineer gave her because the request weren't correct.”
Commander Swift laughed and looking at Sissy asked, “Shall I tell them who you are or wait until the bilge is full.”
Sissy then opened her blouse pocket and pulled out her stars and handed them to Swift.  “Would you please do the honor and then I will officially be aboard.”  
The silence at the table spread throughout the enlisted mess as Commander Swift pinned the stars on Sissy's collar, stood up and stated, “Welcome aboard admiral.  If you will accompany me to the bridge I'll have your gear sent for.”  
Sissy stood up and patting one of the engineers on the shoulder said, “Like I said I'll see you guys later.”  Then she followed the Commander out.  
Commander Swift said as they proceeded up the hall tomorrow I'll give you an official tour of the ship.  Where would you desire to start, fore or aft?
Sissy then said, “Lets go to the bridge and then I'll go pack.  Would 0800 be a good time to board at the main lock.”
Commander Swift looked at her and said, “You didn't plan on officially coming aboard today did you.  You just wanted to see how I ran my ship and how much gossip you could learn.  I should be outraged, but instead I'm just puzzled how you got aboard and how you planned to leave.  Security should have caught you.” 
Sissy look down at the clipboard and said, “Look at this clipboard, guess who renumbered it after checking it.  Your security is good, but as any cargo chief knows the way around security is to have the proper paperwork and end up on the shit end of the stick with the shit job.  After one look I had the sympathy of the security personnel because they realized I was at the bottom of the bilge and it all rolls that way.  If they had asked me to enter my access code for any area and I had entered it your computer would have immediately informed you that I was aboard.  It's just like now, we just passed a security check point and they didn't ask for my security code because I was with the ships captain.  Those marines know you and probably half your staff by sight and won't stop you.  The crew probably also knows you by sight and would follow your orders even if you were wearing a stained work jumper. They will know their fleet commander as well as they know their captain soon.  Every ship will, so please don't tell the other captains before I have a chance to talk to their crews.  By the way the time you spent in the mess shuffling your coffee cup had half your crew worried.  Then when you raised cane with them and told them everything had better be prefect when I arrived they knew that I must be the  cannibalistic monster from hell that would space anyone for the slightest infraction after ripping their limbs off and beating them to death.”
By then Swift was chuckling and drawing attention to the them as they proceeded toward the bridge.  
A moment later a pair of security guards blocked the hall and demanded access codes to proceed. They handed Swift an entry pad and she entered her code, it turned green and she handed it back.  Then he handed it to Sissy and when she entered her code it flashed red,  looking down he said, “Admiral you are not authorized to be aboard until tomorrow.  Where did you enter the ship?  We have a security breach.  You weren't logged aboard.” 
She asked for the pad back and entered another code and the pad turned green.
The pair looked at her and the other one then said I've still got to notify the Major, he's the only one allowed to clear a security breach.  By then two more security guards stepped up behind her and she could see another pair round the corner by the bridge entrance.  
Smiling Sissy said, “Your major is a little slow responding to this.  I've traveled the full length of the ship.  I think the lieutenant coming down the corridor will be very embarrassed when he finds out I've been aboard 6 hours.  Call your Major and tell him I want him in the officers mess in 5 minutes, now Sergeant have your men behind me escort me to the officers mess and tell the lieutenant to meet me there also.”  She then thought Commandant Mooney who is the senior marine officer in charge of security for the SFMDF or the SFGSS.  I would appreciate if you sent them to the Artemis immediately.  Make sure they know what I look like.
Are you in any danger or just having fun.
After six hours aboard I finally got checked and now the Major in charge seems to be delinquent.
Ha Ha Ha Ha, you sure raise cane when you slip around.  We are on our way to my shuttle,  I'll log us aboard quietly, where are you exactly.
If the sergeant obeys my order I'll be in the fore-ward officers mess.
Sissy then said, “Sergeant do you recognize my rank and authority.”  
When he answered, “Yes”, she said, “Then why haven't you given the two men behind me an order to escort me to the officers mess.  Commander Swift will authorize your entry if that is what you are worried about.”
Swift then said, Sergeant I suggest that you follow her suggestion before one of us makes it an order. The lieutenant is still sundering along like he has all day to get here.”  
“Corporal escort the Admiral and Commander to the officers lounge and secure the area.  I'll be along directly.  They are to have full freedom within the officers mess.”  Then the sergeant turned and marched up the corridor toward the lieutenant. 
Sissy heard one of the men behind her say this way please, lets move quickly.  Ten meters down the corridor they turned into the officers mess.
Commander Swift just told the three officers there to find somewhere else to drink their coffee.  She then called the master chef and told him that she wanted a quick snack for two and then secure all entrances except the main door.  
As he came out with chips and tea he looked at Sissy and said, “My uncle told me about you when you were a LT.  Who ever you want killed, let me know!  I'll have a snack worthy of you in a minute.”  He then turned to the corporal and said, “No one gets in here until she has had time to relax and have a snack, or else.”  He returned a moment later with caviar and wine.
Commander Swift looked at the snack and said to the master chef, “That was reserved for the fleet commanders dinner.”
He looked back at her and said, “Captain, the fleet commander doesn't rate when it comes to my families honor.  Sissy Medina is worth more than any fleet commander ever will be.  You may have my stripes and put me in the bilge for the rest of my life, but she still rates as far as I go.”
Sissy looked at him and said, “Is your uncle's name Fredericks.  I remember some of the incident, but I was hospitalized for almost a year after.  How is your uncle?”
“He died a decade ago, but my brothers and I will never forget what you did for our family and the others aboard Jackal 6.”
The corporal then said, “Admiral are you ready to see the major now?” 
Sissy picked up a cracker and smeared some caviar on it and took a bite.  Then she took as sip of wine. Then she said, “Show the major in please.”  
As he stomped up to the table Sissy gave him a look that would melt steel and said your ID and keypad.  His bluster dissipated immediately as he looked at her collar.  He reached into his pocket and handed them to her.  “Well major, it usually rolls down hill but this time it rolled to the top.  Have a seat over there and where is that slow lieutenant.  I want him here also.”  
The major turned to the corporal and said, “Page the deck officer and tell him to report to the officers mess.”  Then he went over to the table by the door and sat down.  
Five minutes later the lieutenant wandered in and said to the major, you wanted me here sir.
Sissy snapped, “Lieutenant over here now, give me your ID and keypad.”  
He looked over at her and said, “Who are you to order me around.”  
Sissy then said, “Corporal place the lieutenant under restraint.  I'll have his side arm and keypad, if he resist I authorize the use of lethal force.”
“Aye-aye ma'am,” was all she heard and then the start of a scuffle which ended quickly.  The lieutenant was then marched over in front of her table and one marine pulled his side arm and the other reached into his pocket and pulled his keypad.  
Then the corporal said, “Sir do you have any other weapons?” 
The lieutenant replied, “I'll have your stripes boy.”
The major then stood up and said, “Corporal search and cuff him.”  Then he sat back down.  
Just then the intercom chimed and said Captain we have an unauthorized shuttle docking.  They are using override codes.  The XO request instructions.
Commander Swift hit the intercom button and said have them escorted to the fore-ward officers mess and then send a security detail commanded by the SNCO.  
A SGM with six marines arrived just before Commandant Mooney and two full colonels walked in.  The SGM looked at the major and then the LT.  Then he looked at the Captain and chief chef standing on either side of RADM Medina.  His first words were, “Ma'am, what can I do for you.”  
The first colonel in said, “SGM she's to high in your chain of command, however I'm not. Secure the Major and Lieutenant.”  Then he said, “Fleet Commander, what are the charges.”  
Sissy then said, “The major is incompetent and lazy, he needs at minimum a Page 11.  The lieutenant is a blue falcon, insubordinate and resisted a lawful order.  I don't want to see him again unless I take a tour of the Pluto penal colony.”  
“Ma'am, will be done, the JAG might give me some static, if he does I can deliver them back to you for your punishment once you are underway.  SGM deliver the 2 prisoners to my shuttle at the fore-ward air lock.” said the colonel.  
Then Sissy said, “Corporal pass the word that the Red Warrior Queen will be aboard tomorrow and any REMF that wants off better be gone by then.  Dismissed.”
“Commandant, Colonels, Captain, would you please join me for a snack.  Master Chef would you please bring us some mud.”
“My pleasure ma'am.” was his snappy reply.
The coffee he brought wasn't the run of the mill mud that everyone drank.  It must have come from someone's private stock.  Commandant Mooney looked at the master chef and said, “You want to work for me?”
“No sir,” he replied, “My commander is here now.”
Commander Swift then said, “Soon you must tell me what your uncle told you.”
“Ma'am that is privileged information from Jackal 6.”  
Commandant Mooney then said, “Captain you don't want to hear the details of that story, it is history that is best put out the hatch.  That's also the reason there is a penal colony on Pluto.  And anyone that tries to crack that particular file will end up there, as long as I am around.”  
She looked chastised and then said, “0800 will be fine for your official entry tomorrow at cargo docking hatch #2.  If you will excuse me I have a few small details to attend to.”
Sissy turned to the master chef and said, “May I call you by your first name.”
He blushed as he said I was named after my uncle, “Just call me Frederick.”
Then she said, “Commandant I need a ride back to HQ.”  
* * *


Enemy detected

At 0745 the shuttle pulled up and docked.  It took 8 minutes for the airlock to cycle.  Another minute for the four passengers to pass through the airlock into the corridor.  The marine at the airlock had each log in and that took another 2 minutes.  Then they were directed to the cargo platform directly opposite the airlock.  Since RADM Medina stepped on the platform first she had the best view.
The cargo hold was immense.  There were formations on three walls facing the floor of the hold.  On the floor was a small reviewing stand with chairs.  That is not what drew her eye though.  
20 meters below the ceiling of the hold floating in space was a detachment of space marines in space suits with full combat gear including jet sleds.  She knew that just one of those jet sleds could incinerate everyone in the cargo hold in a matter of seconds.  She had seen the jets of a civilian jet sled used as weapon before.  She turned to Commandant Mooney and the Colonels and asked if they had irritated any of the marines lately.  As they shook their heads they looked to where Sissy pointed.  
Exactly at 0800 they heard a Boatswain's whistle pipe the command Still.  Then the band behind the reviewing stand started playing and their platform lifted off and floated down to the reviewing stand.  As they stepped off the platform onto the reviewing stand the band stopped.  Then the Bosuns whistle piped General Call.  
Commander Swift stood up and facing the center wall read the order assigning Sissy as Fleet Commander.  She then stated that if they would stand and hold the front rail they could review the formations.
As they stepped up and laid their hands on the rail the front half of the reviewing stand lifted off an approached the left most wall.  The pilot was good because his rotation to come down in front of the first rank was smooth.  Slowly they drifted past the formation from left to right and then moved to the next wall and its formation.  They drifted past that formation and then moved to the last wall and drifted past that formation.  Then he spiraled up to the marine formation.  He drifted slowly from left to right of the first rank and then the second rank moved up and the first rank moved down and behind them.  He drifted back from right to left and then moved to a position in front of the formation.  A marine jetted forward and then stopped at the right end of the reviewing platform and handed a scroll to the aid standing there.  He unrolled the scroll and read, “Rear Admiral Sissy Medina, commander of the forces resisting attack from unknown alien enemy force in the DIRT solar system on Star Federation date 14208 is here by inducted into the 39th Space Marine Company with the honorary rank of Commander.”  As soon as he finished and rolled up the scroll, the aid turned and handed it to the Colonel standing next to Commandant Mooney.  He passed it to the Commandant and he handed it to Sissy with a smile.  
Then the reviewing stand drifted back to its location on the floor and Commander Swift turned and rendered an old style hand salute.  Then she whispered would the Fleet Commander like to say a few words.
Sissy looked around and then said, “I am pleased to see such a professional and proficient crew of a starship.  I accept your honors and hope that I live up to your expectations.  Captain Swift take command of your starship.”  As she stood there, the band struck up another tune and at the Captains signal and the reviewing stand lifted off and moved to the entrance of the hold by the airlock.  
Then Captain Swift stated, “Department heads take charge of your departments.”  Then she turned and said, “If you will follow me I'll escort you through the ship.”  Behind them they heard Carry on piped and the movement of the crew moving to the different exits from the hold.
The first stop was the engineering section.  As they stepped through the door from the hall the Chief Engineer announced main engineering section prepared for inspection.  Then the ranks moved smartly in three directions and lined up along the walls.  The Chief Engineer approached and said if you will follow me please.  The then led them counter clockwise around the engineering section until they returned to the main door.  When he stopped he looked at Sissy and said I apologize for the verbiage I directed toward you yesterday.  You have my resignation if you desire it.  You are welcome here at anytime.
Sissy stuck out her hand and commented yesterday the Fleet Commander wasn't here.  I appreciate your invitation and will drop in unannounced from time to time.  Thank you for the tour.  Then she said Captain continue please.
The Captain then led them to Cargo Hold 1.  As they entered the Chief Cargo Master had them piped in.  The crew was lined up in front of the entrance mounted on cargo moving equipment.  With a wave of hand the line of small equipment made a right turn and then a slow circle past them standing in the entrance.  After the equipment and crew returned to their original position the Chief Cargo Master welcomed her aboard and stated that she was welcome and if she ever needed anything moved just call.
Sissy thanked him and then said Captain proceed. 
Captain Swift led them from department to department and in each the chief had his own department display.  Finally they reached the bridge and the XO reported.  Prepared for inspection.  
Sissy walked around the bridge and the announced that she was satisfied and the Captain could proceed. 
Captain Swift then led her to a room behind the bridge and announced that this was her briefing and control room.  Then through a door to her quarters.  Inside her quarters Frederick stood at attention. Captain Swift then announced that this disreputable freeloader was her enlisted aid.  He would be at her beck an call 24 hours a day and if she was ever displeased with his service there was always the torpedo tube and it would be her pleasure to launched him.
Frederick then smiled and announced that refreshments would be in her briefing room directly after lunch.    
Then Captain Swift led them through the rear door and down a short corridor to the officers mess where the ships officers were standing at attention.  Lunch was being placed on the tables and Captain Swift led her to the central table on the far wall.  As they sat the stewards placed plates in front of everyone except Sissy.  Frederick then entered with her meal and placed it gently in front of her.  With a small bow he and the stewards filed out.  Captain Swift then raised her glass and announced a toast to the new Fleet Commander.  Then they all started eating.  Just as dessert was placed on the table Sissy jerked upright and announced General Quarters.  
Secure the ship for combat.  Captain Tooth of the Waterbug has detected an enemy drive headed this way.  Commandant Mooney ETA less than 1 hour.  You will probably want to be on the main station.  
He nodded and headed for the door immediately followed by his colonels.  
Captain Swift how many globes are armed with the new weapons.  I'm not kidding, sound general quarters now and get underway.  Captain Swift stepped over to the wall intercom an keyed the bridge telling the XO to sound general quarters and prepare the ship to get underway.  Then she said get everyone to combat stations.  I'll be on the bridge in five minutes.  All the officers were sitting in their seats like toad stools and only started moving when the klaxon sounded.  The they almost fell all over themselves as they rushed out the door.  Sissy took a last sip of coffee and then said, “Captain in my briefing room please.”
As she entered her briefing room Frederick was standing there with a heavily armed marine sergeant.  Sissy looked at the sergeant and said, “Where is your post during ship combat actions.”  
He said, “Ma'am my post is at your side.”  
She then said, “You will stand guard outside the corridor door.  In the future I'll have a staff in here working, but for now I have extremely sensitive information to pass to the Captain.”  “Frederick you will secure the door and corridor to the officers mess.”
They both said, “Yes ma'am” and moved out.
Then Sissy sat down an waived the Captain to sit also.  “Shaking her head she said what I am about to tell you will go no further than this room.  There are a few instantaneous communication devices in existence.  I am in possession of one.  There are only six in the Star Federation.  With the knowledge I acquire instantly some of my commands will seem entirely insane and without reason.  Notify all ships that have the new weapons system to form a square formation and proceed ten light years galactic south.  The enemy ship is approaching from that direction.  We now have approximately 39 minutes.  Go.”  
As Captain Swift stepped onto the bridge she called to commo.  “Inform all ships that have the new weapons to proceed 10 light years galactic south.  Navigation give commo the coordinates.  Weapons master what is our combat status.”  
The weapons master stated, “We have 9 globes with new weapons, 2 that have finished and passed testing.  Only 6 pilots with complete briefings.  Our new weapons computer is installed and the weapon 1 is mounted.  CUBE 9 has both weapons installed and 9 globes armed.  None tested.  Enterprise and CUBE 13 no new weapons.  KILLER and Specter haven't reported in yet.  Alien ships status unknown.” 
Sissy stepped onto the bridge and said, “Spike is armed with 6 fighters armed with new weapons. Where is my command chair.”  
Captain Swift then reported, “We are on station.  CUBE 9, Spike, and Waterbug show on the navigation screen 1 million Km out.”  
Sissy then said, “Launch all globes with new weapons to take up positions 50 thousand Km galactic south and activate weapon 1 to form a wall.”
Captain I'm picking up 2 gravitation wave disruptions approximately 25 light years out.  Also the alien ships are launching their fighters.  Now I have only one wave and it is fading out like the first one did.  
Sissy then asked him if he was picking up any FTLD drives in that direction.  
A moment later he said yes but it is very faint and appears to be on a diagonal course.  I'm now getting sensor readings from our globes.  Contacts have faded out.  From my briefing it seems to indicate that they either slowed below .2 light or accelerated above .8 light speed.  Spike and Waterbug just went FTLD.
Sissy said Captain have CUBE 9 and Artemis hold position.  Spike and Waterbug just went to investigate the enemies last location and trajectory to see if they can determine whether they were decelerating or accelerating.  Then she heard Admiral Beak sensor readings and path of matter missing indicate the enemy was accelerating.  Waterbug is going forward along their path 10 light years and I am taking Spike 10 light years back along their path to get sensor reading.  We will return to your location in 2 hours. Sissy then thought back I understand and will wait here.  Will your fighters need anything before you return?  
She received the thought no.  Then she thought Sissy Ransome can you hear me.  After a minute she thought Commandant Mooney can you hear me. 
Yes 
Waterbug and Spike are investigating enemy trajectory.  Enemy seems to have accelerated out of our space.  We will remain on station until they return.  Out.  Then she said, “Captain have the globes maintain locations with all sensor reading fed back here for analysis.  I'll be in my office.  Report any changes and when the Waterbug and Spike return.”
Back in her office Sissy sat down in front of the computer array panel.  There was an instruction book.  She knew she had at least an hour before any predictable results would be relayed to her.  As she opened the book and started reading she realized that she had at her desk a tap into the computers of all her Exploration Fleet.  Following the instructions as she came to them on each page she brought up the navigation and weapons screens for the Artemis and assigned them to the top row of displays.  Then she drew up the navigation and weapons screens for CUBE 9.  Just for kicks and giggles she entered the codes for the Spike even though she knew it was light years away.  The panels labeled themselves but remained blank.  She then entered the codes for the Waterbug and assigned them to row 4.  They came up and she saw their present location 10 light years away.  
A voice said Red Warrior Queen are you accessing the data from our Waterbug.  This is Captain Tooth.  
She replied yes I am testing my office computer system, we are holding station where we originally set up.  I am not receiving any data from the Spike.
He replied the Spike has not had all its computers installed yet.  We will be returning to your location shortly.  
Sissy then paged Captain Swift and informed her that the Waterbug was on it way back.  However no contact with the Spike.
Captain Swift reported that navigation reports the Spike fighters had changed formation off to one side of the general globe and fighter formation.
Sissy then thought Admiral Eight where are you.  After a few seconds of no response she thought Admiral Beak can you report where you are and what is your status? 
Admiral Beak immediately answered her by saying We have a faint track on the enemy.  Can you pick up our fighters and bring them to us.  They are well away from the SF station and headed toward the edge of the galaxy.  I will instruct the fighters. 
Sissy the called for Captain Swift to come into her office.  As she stepped through the door she told her to prepare to have the fighters from the Spike dock with the Artemis.  Have our fighters return to their bays.  Tell CUBE 9 to hold station until Waterbug picks up its fighters and the return to SFMDF and download all data and sensor readings.  Inform me as soon as this is accomplished. 
Swift stepped back out the door onto the bridge and gave the orders to jump the Artemis closer to the globe formations.  As they arrived the Artemis globes started returning to their docking bays.  Then the Spike's fighters swarmed around the ship and attached themselves.  Captain Swift then informed Sissy that the information had been downloaded to CUBE 9 and they replied downloads received.
Sissy again called Captain Tooth and said do you have contact with your fighters
Yes.
Instruct them that I am taking the Spike fighters and my few to the location where the Spike is following an enemy spacecraft.  CUBE 9 will remain at this location until you return to pick up your fighters and then return to the space station.  I have no orders for you at this time. Do you have a suggestion.
No, I can either follow you or return to the station.
After a few seconds thought she replied return to the station and assist in security.  You can also monitor the Spike and Artemis and relay the information to Commandant Mooney.  
Will comply was his only answer. 
Sissy then called Swift and told her to head a point 100 light years down the spiral arm on the trailing edge.  She would have more accurate target destination soon.  Then come to my office.  As soon as Swift entered Sissy said, “I don't have a staff and need one desperately, at the minimum a computer operator that can bring up and relay data to me.  As you can see I am only getting partial use of the system.  I'm only 6 pages into the instruction manual and as you can see I have a view of the Waterbug, however as soon as we went FTLD we lost CUBE 9.  Do you have someone that can temporarily fill in until I get a trained staff on board.”
Captain Swift said, “I have two possibilities, one is my senior weapons master and the other is Fredrick.  He was a weapons master until one day he just refused to fire upon another ship.  I think he got religion.”
Sissy called Frederick and asked him, “Can you in good conscience operate a data gathering system that would allow me to determine who will go into battle and possibly die.”  
He answered her by saying, “So long as I don't have to pull the trigger that would destroy an intelligent being, I can operate and pass the information received.”  
She then handed him the computer manual and said, “Start reading.  I need to monitor contact with all my fleet.”  
He then flipped to the back of the manual and entered some codes listed there.  All the monitors blinked momentarily and then each ship in the fleet was listed on the bottom monitors from left to right with a menu.  He then touched the Artemis menu by the navigation icon and then weapons icon.  On the top screen above the Artemis menu a galactic map appeared with a blue circle moving slowly down one spiral arm.  Below that was a view of the weapons masters screen with all resources listed on the left.  He then touched CUBE 9 menu screen and on the top screen appeared the words NO CONTACT.  Then he went to screen 7 and 8 and pressed the navigation line of each menu.  Both popped up above their respective menus showing their location with a blue circle.  On the top Artemis screen a blue number 6 and 7 appeared.  
Sissy reached past him and pressed the navigation menu lines for the Enterprise, CUBE 13, KILLER, and Specter.  Surprisingly CUBE 13 came up.  Then she said, “Monitor Spike closely and as soon as you can figure out an intercept course relay it to Captain Swift.  Keep me advised of any changes you detect concerning the rest of the fleet.”  As soon as Captain Swift left the room she went and sat down. Thinking furiously she came to a conclusion.  Commandant Mooney can you hear me?
Yes I hear you, do you have any updates.
The Artemis is proceeding down the spiral arm to intercept the Spike.  It is following an enemy spacecraft.  Waterbug and CUBE 9 will be returning to the station ASAP.  My control panel indicates that CUBE 13 is operational.  However I can not communicate with it or CUBE 9.  I need a list of who has the Seal communicators, their location and their name for contact.  
Prepare to copy came his reply.  
SFMDF HQ---------------Commandant Mooney -{Commandant} 
Artemis--------------------Sissy Medina -{Red Warrior Queen} 
Waterbug------------------Captain Tooth -{Tooth} 
Spike-----------------------Admiral Beak -{Beak} 
Enterprise 4---------------Alfred Jones -{Alfred} 
Saturn Military HQ------Vice Admiral Freeman -{Freeman} 
Command academy------Captain Elizabeth Yanez -{Yanez} 
Margaret 7-----------------Captain Rita Skipper -{Rita} 
Alliance planet Seal------LTJG Tiffany Ballard -{Tiffany} 
Alliance planet Goshen--Admiral Seven -{Seven} 
These are the contacts that I've made.  Tiffany was a mistake, she was with Rita when she met a Gobbler envoy and then I was told she and Rita both rated high with the talent.  I've been thinking about starting a new branch of the SFMDF.  If I do I'll have to call it something, however I would rather have our group as ship commanders and command staff.  Specter just arrived.  Out.
Sissy this is Beak,  We have lost their spoor.  Will drop to normal space outside next star system.  Rendezvous?
Frederick how far are we from Spike?
If I read this correctly we are less than an hour behind them, wait they just dropped out of FTLD near a star system.  Their weapons screen indicates radio sources.  Their navigation screen is now showing movement into that star system.
Frederick give navigation the star system location now and page Captain Swift.
Captain Swift entered and left the door to the bridge ajar.
Sissy said, “I had Frederick relay to navigation a star system coordinate.  Spike is now exploring that system because there are radio sources there.  Hopefully your navigator can put us within a few light minutes of the Spike, so be prepared for anything.  ETA 50 minutes.”  
As Captain Swift stepped back out onto the bridge she became aware of the silence.  Everyone was listening attentively.  She cleared her throat and then stated, “What ever you heard is classified so high that the penalty for talking about it is a life long vacation at the Pluto penal colony for all concerned.  Enough said.  Now navigation I want you to do a quick survey and as soon as Spike appears plot a course to drop us 3 light seconds from their location on the far side of any other spacecraft or navigation hazards.  Weapons master put out an alert order we are entering an unknown populated star system.  Also I want a 5 minute warning to all fighters and globes prior to entry.  Communications I want a complete sensor sweep the second you pick up anything.  No questions, good.”  
She then stepped back into the office and firmly closed the door.  “Admiral, I screwed the pooch, I didn't close the door last time I was in here and the bridge crew heard our conversation.”
Sissy looked up and said, “It was bound to happen sooner or later.  I hope you put the fear of God in them.”
“I promised them a life long vacation on Pluto for them and anyone they talked to.”  
“I'm not sure you can deliver on that Captain, but hopefully it will do.  Grab a seat.  Frederick, who do you trust to fill in for you as far as refreshments go.  There is an intercom at both ends of the computer control desk.”
Refreshments were served and they waited.  About 30 minutes later Sissy raised her hand and listened intently.
Sissy this is Beak, we have surveyed the system from an orbit out from the radio source.  The planet is in its early space stage.  There are several hundred satellites in low orbits.  We detected one larger satellite in a slightly lower orbit just above the atmosphere that must be occupied by members of the planetary population.  Unable to approach closer without being detected.  Recording audio and video signals for later analysis.  Rendezvous behind orbit of 5th planet.  Out.  Sissy then told Swift the message she just received and told her that the orders should stand as they were.  They would simply off load the Spike's fighters, make quick survey of the system, and depart with no planetary contact.  We can tag this system for contact in about 50 to 100 years.  
Frederick said we are about 5 minutes out.  Weapons just sent the activation order to the globes and fighters.  I am picking up a faint radio source beyond the 2nd gas giant.  It is mostly telemetry.
Inform commo and tell them to record it for as long as we are within range. 
He reached for the intercom and Swift said never mind, I'll be on the bridge.
The transfer Spike's fighters went quietly.  Then they set course for SFMDF HQ.  Sissy wrote up her after action report and then said to Frederick, see if you can figure out how to transmit a written after action report to Commandant Mooney.
After 20 minutes of reading he asked for the report and then typed it in:
FROM:          Artemis 
                       Fleet Admiral Medina 
TO:                SFMDF HQ 
                      Attn: Commandant Mooney 
SPACECRAFT INVOLVED:  Artemis, CUBE 9, Spike, & Waterbug with globes and fighters (under-strength in number).
DEPLOYED TO: 10 Ly S SFMDF, fighters deployed in wall formation 50k km galactic S
ENEMY: On sensors then signal faded our, Spike and Waterbug without fighters proceeded to last sensor location to recon.  Spike followed a faint sensor signal down the spiral arm until lost.  Lost signal dropped out of FTLD near star system and located radio source within system.  Investigation found a early space faring civilization with 1 manned orbital satellite and one deep space probe beyond orbit of 5th planet.  See attached survey report.  Recommend no contact for 50 to 100 years.  
STATUS: Returning to SFMDF location for completion of upgrades.  
After a few minutes the printer started working.  Out popped a page with the single line, RECEIVED ALL BUT SURVEY REPORT.
Frederick typed in, Survey report not transmitted.  There was no reply. 
* * *


The Incident

When they docked at the SFMDF HQ station an aide to Commandant Mooney met them at the airlock.  He informed Sissy and Admiral Eight that Commandant Mooney would see them in 1 hour in the Officers Mess.  He then escorted them to the upper officers mess and left them.  They got coffee and Sissy also ordered some coffee cake.  However Admiral Eight ordered smoked salmon to go with his coffee. 
Sissy then commented you should not eat to much smoked salmon before a meeting.  This was a big joke to him and they were still laughing when the mess steward delivered their refreshments.  
About 50 minutes later Commandant Mooney arrived with Admiral Seven.  His first comment was, “I haven't furnished you with a staff to choose from yet.  Who was operating you computers?”
When she informed him that she had started reading the manual and then with consultation with Commander Swift she selected Frederick her steward.  She trusted him to keep the secret.  
Then he informed her that Frederick had transmitted one message after she assumed command.  The results of that message was a flurry of replies to him and request for transfers to her command.  This included 5 warship captains and 19 engineers plus a few others.  They are all related to or descendants of the surviving population of the Jackal 6.  I'll let you make the decision on who and what to do with the request.  One thing that I found out by interviewing the 3 that are assigned locally is that none of them actually knew your last name.  Their parents only called you the Redhead or Sissy.  I am assuming that only a few might recognize you from their parents description.  One of them was on the short list as a computer operator for your staff.  Now I think I will keep her here.  Also for your information the Jackal 6 has an encrypted web site in the Saturn system and after checking I found one here.  It took 14 hours for the master computer crew with help from Admiral Seven's computer experts to break the password.  Their encryption password includes your name.  On it list all the survivors and their descendants as well as comments and status of many.  The website is so well hidden that without a through search of all computer access the personnel that requested transfer did, we probably would never have discovered it.  I have asked the intelligence section to completely search all computer systems for other hidden web sites.  Any questions about that web site?  
Sissy just said she needed the address and password.  She'd talk to Frederick about the transfer request that she was informed about.  She would let the Commandant know if she was interested in any of the personnel.  Now about her staff.  She wanted to know when she would get a list and a chance to interview each one.  Let Captain Swift have the list and arrange the interview times.  Oh and by the way the computer isn't as secret aboard my flagship as I wished it was.  A shift of the bridge crew overheard me talking about it with Swift.  She however offered them a lifelong vacation at the Pluto penal colony for any one that talked about it along with whomever they told.
Commandant Mooney laughed and stated that the computer system was in the rumor mill around the general staff and operators 3 days after installation.  
“Secrets, secrets, anyone know a good secret,” Sissy said.
In fact I had the raw sensor data from the Spike before you sent your after action report in, and by the way I expect a better and more complete report next time.  I'll have a good report writer among those to be your staff.  
When Sissy returned to the Artemis she informed Swift about the interviews and told her that as soon as she had reviewed the records on each individual to give her a short list.  The she went to her personal computer and accessed the Jackal web site.  After looking it over and reading many of the comments she logged off.  Then she waited for Frederick to bring her dinner.  While he was serving her dinner she asked him if there was a Jackal 6 web site.
He looked dismayed and then told her that yes there was one and it was maintained by a few of the survivors.  
She asked him to bring up the site so she could look at it and if he would guide her through the site it would save her some time.
He brought up the site.  Looking at her he said, “Someone aboard this ship has broken our site security.  I'll explain each section as I check it.  The designer of the site designed it to upload itself aboard any main computer that accessed it.  They designed it to emulate a maintenance backup file system.  It also updates any copy of itself whenever it meets itself on another computer.  All updates are time and location stamped.  As he showed her the survivor and descendant list he also pointed out the numbers attached and how each number would draw up a note from that individual.  He then went down to his name and drew up the note.  Please read this.”
As Sissy read the note she queried the tags to see the stamps to see when he had accessed the site. All entries except one were from before the time he met her.  After they returned there was a 1 liner and it said She is definitely the one.  Sissy then turned to him and asked, “Can you tell who had accessed the site lately and how far the site had spread.”  
After a few keystrokes he said, “Someone on this ship accessed the site an hour ago, there were five accesses from the main station in the last 2 weeks.  Only one of them was from a member and she says that she is in training on a new computer system and hopes to be selected for the expedition in planning.  My brother accessed the system relaying to me a message that mother died happy because of the message I sent her.  A friend relayed a message that Commandant Freeman is acting strange and he is worried about him and the Saturn home system.  He is giving commands and writing orders that have no current meaning.  There are a bunch others that I haven't checked yet.  Also there are over several dozen addressed to me.”
“What is his name?  The one writing about Commandant Freeman”
After a quick check Frederick answered, “Chief Petty Officer Smith and he is on his extended staff.”  
Sissy then said, “I need to know if he is he completely trustworthy and loyal?”
Frederick pondered the question a moment and said, “Yes I believe he is.  His comment indicates he is worried.”  
Sissy told Frederick to type a message to him and tell him that Sissy said Commandant Freeman was privy to information that he wasn't and not to worry and give him all the support he could.  She then told him to thoroughly check the site and see if anyone else had any clue to the upcoming expedition or the enemy.  I would like to read them. 
He offered to give her the site address and password and set up a page for her.
She replied I have no need, however I would appreciate it if you would keep me updated on anything important like which of the survivors descendants want a transfer into the expedition.
He contemplated her statement a moment and then stated that he would set her up a page and password so the next time she accessed the site it would show her.  He then asked if she knew who had accessed the site from the main station.
Sissy then told him how they found the site because of the background checks.  These checks were started because of the number of request to transfer into my command.  The intelligence section had no idea that site existed.  They are now thoroughly checking all computer systems to find out if there are other sites like this.  That is privileged information.  If you know of other sites I would appreciate it if you would tell me and Commandant Mooney. 
He said he would and then excused himself.  
An hour later he returned and asked if he could see Commandant Mooney immediately.
Sissy leaned back and thought Commandant, I have someone that needs to see you immediately. Can we come over?  After a few seconds with no reply she got on her comm unit and called him.
When he answered she told him that she needed to bring someone over immediately to see him.
He OK'd the meeting and signed off.
She then called the bridge and informed the bridge officer that she needed a shuttle immediately.
He replied that the standby shuttle had just arrived.  Did she want to see Captain Swift before she departed because she was on the shuttle.  
She said no, but Frederick motioned that she should so she then said, “Yes inform her to wait for me on the shuttle.” 
As they departed through the door into the hall she noticed a different guard at the door and after securing the office she asked him to accompany her as far as the shuttle.  When they arrived she left the guard at the airlock and entered the shuttle.  She asked Commander Swift to accompany them to HQ.  As soon and Frederick checked to see who was aboard he returned and sat opposite Sissy and Swift.  
He then told them that he had discovered a subversive site on the ships computer.  There were at lease 2 crew aboard that were members of a group that called themselves Man Only.
Sissy then asked, “Is CPO Smith a member of that group.”
He replied that he didn't know of any from Jackal 6 that were members.  He would find out.  Also there is at least one member of the Man Only group in the SFMDF HQ.  Their site was hidden like the Jackal site.  It's origin was from Saturn as best as he could determine.  The biggest problem is that it is a data gathering site that reports back to a site on Saturn by way of mails.  The new computer system and weapons systems were in it.  There were indications that it may have penetrated the alien computer systems also.  
Commander Swift then interrupted him and turned to Sissy and stated that for the record she knew something about the site because it was a counter intelligence site and she had been recruited by counter intelligence back when she was an Ensign.  However if it had penetrated the alien computer systems and had information on the new weapons systems it was going to far.  It was originally designed to flush out unsavory and individuals that weren't loyal that were looking for others to join with.  The other individual aboard the Artemis was the weapons master.  

Aboard the SFMDF station Commandant Mooney met them at the airlock and introduced them to RDML Adams and stated he was from counter intelligence.
Sissy then asked him for a completely secure briefing area.  She then brought up the following points:
1. The Jackal 6 web site was everywhere that survivors of Jackal 6 were.
2. Frederick had briefed her on it and it seemed clean.
3. A source discovered a site for a presumably subversive group calling itself Man Only.  This site had highly classified information on it.  From another source this type of information should not be on it.  It reports all this information back to an unknown site in the Saturn system.  
RDML Adams then asked her, “What are your sources?”  
Sissy looked at him and said, “My sources are mine and privileged.”  
Sissy then looked at Commandant Mooney and said, “We have enough problems right now to worry about, and if I give up my sources they won't be of any use to me in the future.  My steward and Commander Swift have been briefed by me to keep an eye out on the Artemis.  All the other ships need to be made aware of this subversive website and to be on the alert.  She then pulled out the table computer and said Frederick show how they showed you to get to that site.”
He pulled a search engine and typed in Mankind.  On the 16th page of references was the site called Man Only. Clicking on it he brought up the page and then using its search engine typed in latest news. A page jumped up listing several ongoing operations and down near the bottom was a link stating weapons.  When he clicked on it another page came up listing links to alien weapons, human weapons, and future weapons under development.  He brought up all 3 pages and reduced them so all showed on the screen at the same time.  This is where they said the weapons system we now have installed on the Artemis is located, also here.  I asked the weapons master about this thing here called a disrupter and he said it was a weapon that lots of science fiction writers wrote about back in the 20th century that was supposed to make matter fall apart, but it was never developed.  As I was leaving the bridge he was making a private comm call.  
RDML Adams then said, “I'll check into it and send you a copy of the report if Commandant Mooney approved.”
Sissy then moved over in front of the keyboard and queried the website for it's home page.  With only 3 more entries she had it pegged back to an unidentified site.  She copied the site number down and then went into command mode on the computer and queried the computer for all history of that site.  It came up with a list that went on for several pages and then she printed out the data.  One of the oldest accesses was by a Captain Adams.  She then printed another copy and handed it to the Commandant and simply said here is a hard copy.  Hopefully Adams can complete his investigation before I depart.  
Now Commandant when are the Enterprise and the KILLER due in.  Their weapons systems will need to be upgraded.  Captain Swift can give a brief explanation of what is involved.
Commandant Mooney turned to RDML Adams and said, “That is all.  You can give me the preliminary report verbally in the morning.”
As soon as Adams left Mooney gave Sissy a hard look and stated, “You know it dangerous to twist the tail of a bureaucrat like Adams.  His connections in the Saturn government are almost as high as mine. You will have to learn to play the political game when you return.”  
Frederick excused himself saying he had someone he needed to see.  The Commandant invited Sissy and Swift to dinner.  Then he said the topic at dinner will be this new website you discovered. I'm sure that a lot of ears will be listening to whatever my supposed mistress has to say.  That is the latest rumor my aide caught.  So ladies you will both hang on my every word at dinner please.  I think we can start a new rumor or two.  
While they were eating Sissy heard a voice.  Then it repeated Sissy can you hear me.  This is Freeman.  She said to Mooney, where is your communicator, I am hearing Freeman and my communicator is on the Artemis.
He replied it is 60 yards forward, but I don't think you can be picking anything up from it.
She leaned back in her chair and thought Freeman this is Sissy Medina.  I'm at present not close to my communicator.
Doesn't matter once you've used it enough.  I have an aide that just put in a request for a transfer to the SFMDF and the Artemis.  
If it is CPO Smith tell him that Frederick is taking good care of me and I need him there.
Sissy, he just turned pale and asked how I could know that.
Tell him that I know many secrets including a certain web page and I talk to you.  I'll have Frederick send him a message, but it won't get there until the next ship arrives.  By the way tell him that Frederick and I know he is worried about some of the written orders and commands you have given in the last few weeks.  That should really set him on his heels.  Frederick assures me that he is trustworthy.  Then she leaned over to Mooney and whispered in his ear Freeman just got another request for transfer to SFMDF and the Artemis.  When does the next courier ship leave for Saturn.  
Mooney looked at her and said, “Adams put a hold on it until every computer and mail can be checked.  Why?”
Sissy batted her eyes and whispered back, “I have a high priority message that needs to get through without Adams knowing about it.”  
Mooney put both elbows on the table and then his face down in his open hands.  Shaking his head slightly form left to right he said in a low voice,  “Girl you are going to get me in trouble yet.  Just keep it up.”  
“Swift find Frederick for me I have a message he needs to send.”  
Then to Mooney, “Does Adams or any of his crew know about the Jackal site.”  
“No they weren't involved it finding it, but by now they might know,” replied the Commandant.  
Then the chief mess steward walked over and leaned over Sissy and said in her ear, “You have a private message and you can take it in the mess kitchen.  If you will follow me please.”
Sissy gave Mooney a shrug and followed the chief into the kitchen.  Waiting there was Frederick. He pulled a data cube out and a portable reader and handed them to her.  Before she put the reader over her head she told him that he needed to send CPO Smith a message that she wanted him to remain where he was and protect the Commandant.  Tell him that the Commandant and I share the same dream and assure him that I am greatly appreciate his desire to transfer.  One day I'll see him in person.  Now what is on this cube?
He simply said, “You got to see it to believe it.”  
After looking at it she asked, “Is this the only copy?”  
He said, “I'm afraid not, I copied this from another and I don't think it was an original either.  It's making it's way around the enlisted crew.”  
She asked the chief, “Do you have any champagne and can you would bring a bottle out for the Commandants approval and mention it will be on ice in his quarters in 30 minutes.  Also I hope you know someone completely trustworthy that can sweep the commandant's quarters for any listening devices.  We need a 100% private conversation and don't want anyone listening in.”
He said, “It will be done for the Red Warrior Queen without question.”  
Sissy laid her hand on his arm said, “Thanks!”  
“I'd do it for you even if Fred hadn't asked me.  I owe him my sisters life.  Let me get started.” replied the Master Chef.
Sissy looked at Frederick and asked, “Need I know?”
His smile answered the question.  Then he said, “I have a few friends in many places.  Let me arrange for the message to be delivered.”  He then turned and walked out.
Sissy returned to the dinner table and whispered to Swift, “I think we need to talk about Frederick later.  We will be remaining here for the night so let the XO know.  When I return we will both need high security so figure out who you trust.”  
Then she turned and whispered in Mooney's ear, “You are going to have company in your quarters tonight so get ready for a scandal.”  
Commandant Mooney's glanced at Sissy and his eyes glazed over.  “I think a good scandal is just what the station needs right now.  Also I would like to know what you have planned.” 
Just then the chief brought a bottle of champagne out and asked it it would be suitable for later.
Then the Commandant answered yes.  
The chief said, “It will be on ice in your quarters with some strawberries and chocolates.” 
The Commandant thanked him and turned to Commander Swift and said, “You are staying for awhile I hope.” 
She answered him by saying, “I have to contact my XO and tell him I won't be back til morning.  I can't let Sissy have all the fun, can I!”  
By Sissy's timepiece 32 minutes later they got up and headed toward the door.  There were more eyes on them than fuel pellets in the main backup drive.
As they entered the Commandant's quarters a Petty Officer snapped to attention and then motioned with his hand to continue.  He then pulled out a light fixture and soldered a micro-switch on the wire. He then cut the wire and pressed the switch button.  Then he picked up a wand with a box on it end and started going over the room again.  Then he informed the Commandant that there were 8 microphones hidden in the room besides the standard 3 used for monitoring him by his aide, his steward, and the bridge.  Those he put switches on and he pointed out their location.  They are all turned off right now and will need to be reactivated in the morning for normal operation.  The other 8 I burned out.  Any time you have a really secret meeting let the Chief Mess Steward know.  Then he turned to Sissy and said, “Ma'am Frederick said to let you know he will be with the marines tonight if you need him.  Then he turned and marched to the steward's door and left.”  
Mooney then turned to Sissy and said, “I gather that I will have a womanizing reputation in the morning with the marines.”  
She replied, “Only if you want it.”
Just then there was a knock at the steward's door and the chief breezed in with a bottle of champagne and the snacks.  Commandant Mooney thanked him and told him that he would rather have coffee and high energy snacks several times tonight.  “Just bring them in at your convenience.  I'll need an empty bottle in the morning to leave for the spy's to find.  We have to much work to do so enjoy it chief, it's a birthday present to you.  Also if you see any marines tonight tell them I should appreciate maximum security tonight.  I think the ladies might feel safer with an armed escort back to the Artemis in the morning.  Also I will need an NCO or two that will volunteer to transfer to the Artemis.  Between you and Frederick you should be able to find them for me.”  
The chief then asked, “Does the Commandant think there might be any danger to him or the Red Warrior Queen?”
When the Commandant hesitated he walked over to the light by the steward's door and pulled the switch out.  Pressing the button he said, “Smutty I need 3 of those special glasses.”  Then he pressed the switch again and it's LED went out.  There was a single tap on the door and he opened it a fraction.  A hand reached in and handed him three laser pistols and belts.
When the chief handed them around he said, “Standard marine security force issue.  If you want to check you will find security outside the door to the hall, mess corridor, and for some strange reason tonight there is bridge security.  I'll bring you a snack and coffee later, sir.”  Then he turned and left.
As Sissy was adjusting her pistol belt Mooney sat down and said I haven't seen security like this in over 50 years.  Then it was a mutiny on a cruiser near Mars.  Sissy what is going on?
Sissy sat down and said you have a problem on the station.  She then pulled the data cube and placed it in the projector.  After it was through she pulled it out and said this is being distributed to the enlisted crew.  Frederick spotted it and made me a copy.  Some one wants to start a war or at least create enough friction that we will not be able to work with the Kerth.  
Mooney leaned back and thought Yanez, Freeman, and Rita conference call.  There is a propaganda cube being distributed that will cause friction between the enlisted crews and the Kerth.  I need Margaret 7 at my location immediately.  Confirm.
Freeman here, Rita will be on her way as soon as she recalls her crew.  
Rita here, WILCO
Yanez here, I'll keep my eye out here at the academy.
Alfred this the Commandant, are you awake.
Sir
What is your ETA.
9 hours Sir. 
Talk to your senior enlisted marine and inform him that the Kerth look like an upright cat, but are civilized.  Then tell him that we have discovered a propaganda plot to disrupt working conditions between the Humans and the Kerth.  If he has any questions take him to your combat computer and have him call me.  Was Tiffany OK when you dropped her off.
Yes Sir, all she asked for was a dozen swim suits when we made the next supply run.
That sounds like her.  Tiffany this is the Commandant.  Are you available?
Yes Sir.  
I need you to tactfully inform the Seals that someone that lacks a civilized mind is trying to make trouble between the Humans and the Kerth.  If they can offer any assistance or advice I would be grateful.  Sorry but I don't have any swim suits here.  
They just entered their night period.  Will inform them in 9 hours at dawn.  Will call you soonest.
A few minutes later there was a knock on the hall door.  Commander Swift walked over, pulled her pistol, placed her foot a few inches in from the door and opened it just a crack.  When she asked what the problem was a male voice from the hall said, the base Kerth commander is here with an armed escort demanding to see Commandant Mooney.  
Sissy said, “I'll handle it.”  She stepped into the hall and the Kerth took one look at her and bowed his head.  
“Red Warrior Queen some uncivilized humans have attacked some of my workers.  I hesitate to arm my workers and sincerely request you talk to the humans.  We have 2 in a storeroom below.”  
 She stuck her head back into the commandant's quarters and said it has started.  Inform Frederick and get a detachment to meet me below at the entrance to the Kerth section.  She then bowed to the Kerth and said lead me to them please.
When she stepped out of the elevator on level 16 there were 3 marines lined up against the wall. Thirty armed crew members had them covered with their laser pistols and bats.  She waived the Kerth back and moved boldly into the corridor.  The loudly asked who is in charge here.  Everyone looked stupid for a minute and then one spaceman turned and said I guess I am.  Good, she stated now explain why you have 3 marines under guard.
He then said they would not allow us to enter.  The cats have 2 of our guys and are torturing them.  
She looked at him and then said, “I want you to have 3 of your men rearm the marines.  One of them will stay here at the entrance.  You, 3 unarmed men, and the two marines will escort me and my prisoners into the Kerth area.  You do have a responsible shipmate you can place in charge, don't you?”
He looked around and called over another spaceman.  “Have those guys return the marines weapons and then set up on one side of the corridor entrance about 10 feet back.” 
As soon as the 2nd spaceman had everyone arranged Sissy called the Kerth from the elevator.  She then told the Kerth commander to lead the way and the 2 marines to follow.  Just inside the entrance there were several Kerth with knives.  She hissed at them and told them to lead them to the injured Kerth.  When they arrived at the dispensary there were 2 Kerth laying on the tables.  One had a broken leg and the both showed signs of being beaten.  They were bloody all over.  Sissy called the spaceman and the 3 unarmed men accompanying him to look at the 2 Kerth.  Then she asked the Kerth commander to lead the way to where they had the 2 humans locked up.  Two corridors over they could hear the noise of someone pounding on a door.
Instead of a door there was a large panel jammed up against the door frame.  As soon as the Kerth saw Sissy they pulled the brace away an then the panel.  Inside was a ragged looking human.  Lying on the floor was another.  The smell of booze stank up the whole area.  She turned to the spaceman and 3 unarmed men and asked if these were the crewmen being tortured.  
Then one of the unarmed men said they were the ones that he saw enter the Kerth area.  
Sissy sniffed the air and then told the marines to place them under restraint.  Beside the human laying on the floor they found an empty bottle of whiskey.  He was to drunk to walk.  She then told 2 of the unarmed men to pick him up carry him behind the marines.  She then turned to the Kerth commander and informed him that these 2 humans had drank an intoxicant and they would be charged and punished.  She would send a marine representative to guide him to the court in the morning.
As they entered the main corridor by the elevator quite a crowd had accumulated.  After calling them to order she ordered the spaceman to recount the trip inside the Kerth area.
He started off by saying that they visited the Kerth medical dispensary and saw 2 cats that were in real bad shape.  One had its leg busted and the other was beaten bloody.  Then they went over 2 halls and found a group of cats that had a panel jammed in a door.  Inside were these two.  One was passed out and the other was drunk.  Wasn't nobody in the room with them.
Then Sissy asked how many had seen the propaganda cube.  Almost every hand went up.  Then she told them that she became aware of the propaganda cube that evening.  Someone wants to start trouble between the Kerth and the Humans.  Right now we are allies against an enemy that attacks both of us without warning and has killed Men and Kerth.  Does anyone have a problem with being allies with the Kerth, Gobblers, Seals or the Goshen.
Someone in the back hollered who are the Goshen.
Sissy laughed and then told them that the Goshen were a space faring species that resembled a beaver without a tail.  They were one of the 4 species that made up the Alliance. 
Someone else hollered whats gonna happen to those guys.
Sissy then informed the crowd that they were under arrest and would be charged with being intoxicated and assault.
Someone else stated that you can't charge them with assault for beating up a couple of cats.  They ain't human.
She then asked, “If you were beat up by a drunk what would you want done?”
A stammered answer came from the middle of the crowd,  “I'd want them to spend some time in the brig.”  
Then Sissy asked, “Would it matter if the drunk that beat you up was a Human, a Kerth, or a Goshen?”  After waiting a minute she demanded an answer from someone.
Several answered that it wouldn't matter they should spend some time in the brig.
These two drunks beat up 2 intelligent beings, they will be charged with assault just like if they beat up two intelligent humans, and I expect that the commander will let them spend some time in the brig.  Any objections?  Now go back to your quarters and tell your buddies what you've seen.  Two drunks that got themselves into a bit of trouble.  Then she turned to the spaceman and said have your two men carry this drunk down to the brig with the marines.  Then you three are dismissed.  Turning again she loudly said to the third marine, Marine you will secure this corridor.  If you have any trouble from drunks call the sergeant of the guard.  I'm sure there is enough room in the brig for several more.
After hearing that the marine smiled and quietly said, “Look at the rats scampering down the hall and around the corner.”  Then the elevator door opened and a sergeant and 6 more marines stepped out.  She quickly briefed the sergeant and he sent 3 of his detail to catch up with the other two escorting the drunks to the brig.  He left 2 marines at the door and proceeded down the hall.  
Sissy looked around and grabbed the elevator and headed back to the Commandant's quarters. When she arrived back she walked straight over to the steward's door keyed the mike and asked if there was any fresh coffee.
Within a minute a steward knocked on the door and entered with a fresh pot and poured her a cup. After a sip she turned to Commandant Mooney and stated you have a nonjudicial punishment to oversee in the morning.  Two drunks went into the Kerth area and beat up one Kerth and broke the leg of another.  They are on their way to the brig now and a crowd of enlisted crew saw and most agreed that a drunk that beat up an intelligent being should spend some time in the brig.  Also before the court in the morning a marine detail should pick up the Kerth commander to witness the court.  “Can you get the Provost Marshall up here for me?”
As soon as the Provost Marshall arrived Sissy briefed him on the incident.  She then told him that it would be an excellent idea to get a team to the incident site to gather evidence and statements.  He agreed and departed.  Sissy then sent Commander Swift down to the Kerth area with a camera to gather pictures of the injured and the site at the storage room.  If you can find the area of the attack take pictures of the floor and walls also.  Also monitor the evidence team and let us know if they do a thorough job.
Next she called the JAG and woke him up and told him to come to Commandant Mooney's quarters.  As soon as he arrived she instructed him to review the military code of justice in conjunction with the laws of the Alliance and Star Federation.  When he asked why she informed him of the incident.  She also ran the propaganda cube and watched is expression change from know it all to absolute dismay.  
Then Commandant Mooney told him that there were several issues that needed to be investigated and brought to resolution.  First, was who made the propaganda cube and distributed it to the enlisted crew.  Second, was to analyze their motive and bring charges against them.  Third, was the incident, it in his opinion should be handled just like a drunk and disorderly incident and the assault should be handled just like an assault between 2 humans.  The punishments were already listed in the code and equal administration would probably do more good than any special made up punishment.  Also it would set an example that all the crew could recognize and admit was fair because they have seen the same punishments for the same behavior before.  Did he have any questions.
He didn't and said he would wake up a team to immediately start on it.  
The next morning Sissy went down to the Kerth area and met with the Kerth commander.  She explained that the human justice system set forth certain procedures that must be followed.  First an investigation would be conducted, then charges would be brought, next a hearing would be held where the accused would be read the charges and given the choice of type of court and either admit their guilt or innocence.  If the charges were minor then they could accept nonjudicial punishment and the punishment would be told them immediately.  For more serious charges a courts-marshal was demanded by the code.  In that case they would be assigned a lawyer and given time to prepare a defense.
He said one of his men had reviewed what they had access to as far as the human military laws were.
She then asked him whether the assault and injuries came up to the level where a courts-marshal was indicated or did he consider in an incident that a local or junior commander should handle.  If the incident had occurred between 2 Kerth what would the charges be and what type punishments would be given to the guilty.  
He explained that similar incidents did happen between Kerth and usually the beating of an individual was punished by a public thrashing and then removal of all privileges the guilty had.  An injury like breaking the leg of an individual could result depending on the circumstances from a thrashing and removal of all privileges to death.  The death penalty was rare.  
Sissy then asked him to make a list of charges just as if the incident had happened between two intoxicated Kerth against 2 other Kerth.  Then if you gathered any statements from the victims and witnesses along with any other evidence that a Kerth lawyer or commander would use in deciding the innocence or guilt of the individuals involved.  Then a list of the punishments any guilty would be subject to.  She then explained that since this was the first incident she was aware of it would be a test case and widely looked at by the military and civilians in both the Alliance and Star Federation.  
He said that he needed a day to prepare everything
She agreed that a cooling down day would probably be best.  She then left and went to the provost marshal's office.  As she walked in she was directed to the chief's office.  She asked if she could see what evidence had already been gathered and the preliminary decision line they had outlined.
He had the file brought in and told her to that he might be able to discuss some of it but not the decision line.  
She sat and started reading.  Both individuals were intoxicated with alcohol and the one that was passed out had narcotic in his blood that was not a prescribed medication.  Both individuals were in an area that was not an area usually visited by humans when off duty.  Both individuals showed physical injuries consistent with a physical altercation.  One individual had 2 broken ribs and the other had a broken finger.  The conscious individual had an extra charge added to his charges because of belligerence and he also attacked the jailer in the brig.  After reading the files she asked him if he was open to a discussion about the charges.
When he agreed she informed him of her conversation with the Kerth commander of the station and the Kerth punishments.  Also the fact that this incident would probably define how any future incidents would be handled between the species and who's laws and punishments would be applied.  
He replied you don't make my job any easier.  Now I can't split the charges like I was originally going to.  I shall have to list the charges from the minor to the major and have the court make a decision on each.  I shall also have to incorporate the charges from the Kerth commander.  The first hearing will have to be scheduled for tomorrow. 
* * *


The Trial

The preliminary hearing was held in the larges auditorium on the station.  There was a Kerth group to watch as well as over 60 off duty crew members that had heard about the incident.  
The individuals were in the same work section, but under different immediate supervisors so the leadership bumped the supervisor reading the charges up 1 level.  He read the charges, Drunk and disorderly, trespassing in an unauthorized area, and assault resulting in major injury to one individual and minor injuries to another individual.  Due to the severity of the third charge the accused individuals would be courts-marshaled with a ship board Captain presiding.  He then told them to decide whether they wanted an enlisted or officer court and separate or combined court.  While they made their decision he would entertain additional evidence that might affect the charges.
The Kerth Commander stood up and requested to address the court.  Since he was not familiar with the Human procedures he would present his evidence as he would in a Kerth court if that was permitted.
The court judge OK'd that and asked whether the accused in a Kerth court were allowed to see the evidence in advance of the courts-marshal.
The Kerth commander allowed that the evidence he had gathered would probably supplement what the Human investigators had gathered, but may contradict a small amount of it and should be combined.  In a Kerth court all the evidence was made available to the accused so that they might decide whether to admit guilt or try to defend themselves.
The court judge admitted that since a similar procedure happened in the Human court it would not prejudice the court for the evidence to be made public.  Proceed please.
The Kerth then asked for a projector.  As the scene started on the big screen there was a view of a Kerth on his knees scrubbing a corridor deck.  This individual was on punishment detail for talking back to his supervisor.  Two humans staggered into the camera view and one of them kicked the Kerth in the leg, lost his balance and fell half on the Kerth and in the process tripped the other.  The Humans then started striking each other until 2 other Kerth started yelling at them.  These individuals were tested for intoxicants and test results showed no intoxication.  This corridor is under video and audio surveillance because it contains storerooms that sometimes contain valuable personally owned items.  The cameras are on a 30 day record.  This second camera view shows where one of the Kerth ran for help and the other kept yelling at the Humans.  It also showed both Humans rushing and starting to beat the Kerth individual until a larger group arrived.  He highlighted on Kerth with a metal bar and stated that this individual is being charged with improper conduct for striking individuals without care to the individual, uncivilized conduct.  He was striking Kerth and Humans alike.  The scene dissolved into two fights one Kerth against the Kerth with the bar and the other between the Kerth and Humans that resulted in the damage to a storeroom door and the Humans being forced into the room.  Several Kerth retreated out of the room with a flat panel and placed it in front of the door.  Then one ran out of camera range.  The Kerth commander then explained that he went for a supervisor.  It was clearly visible that the panel bounced several times from impacts from the inside of the room.  The final scene was Admiral Medina and two Human marines arriving accompanied by 4 other humans and 5 Kerth.  The individuals were removed from the room and removed from camera range.  Then he asked to be allowed to prefer charges against the individuals and these charges could be considered by the court in the final charges the accused would be charged with.
The court allowed.
The Kerth Commander then pulled another data cube and plugged it into the viewer.  It showed the face of one of the accused and listed:
1. Charge 1:  Misconduct of a civilized individual resulting in major injury to another individual. Penalties range from personal public disgrace and loss of privileges to death in severe instances.
2. Charge 2:  Misconduct of a civilized individual resulting in surface injury to another individual. Penalties range from personal public disgrace by thrashing and loss of privileges to confinement in severe instances.
3. Charge 3:  Misconduct of a civilized individual through use of intoxicants.  Penalties range from public disgrace to loss of privileges and confinement.
Then he showed the face of the second individual:
4. Charge 1:  Misconduct of a civilized individual resulting in surface injury to another individual. Penalties range from personal public disgrace by thrashing and loss of privileges to confinement in severe instances.
5. Charge 2:  Misconduct of a civilized individual through use of intoxicants.  Penalties range from public disgrace to loss of privileges and confinement.
He then removed the data cube and presented both to the court judge.  He then stated that he would greatly appreciate the court considering his charges per individual because the Alliance military judged each individual as responsible for their own actions whether in a group or when alone.  That is the reason the one Kerth that took and used a steel bar was under charges as misconduct of a civilized individual resulting in surface injuries to another individuals.  As soon as the accused made his decision his trial would be open to the Human chain of command if they wished to attend.  
The court judge looked at the data cube and pondered the facts presented for almost five minutes before he said anything.  Then he slowly addressed the court.  In light of the additional evidence presented I will give the accused 5 minutes to decide whether they wish to be tried together under the original charges or separately under the charges brought by the Kerth commander since the crimes were committed in Kerth territory on the station and against Kerth individuals.  Any punishment will be in accordance to Human military code if the individuals are convicted.  They still have the choice of enlisted or officers judge them. Their trial will be officiated by a ship captain selected by lottery of the Human military ships presently in the SFGSS area.  After a timed 5 minutes he addressed the accused.
Both shamefaced stated that they wanted separate trials and both wanted officers as judges.
He then told them that a JAG defense lawyer would see them later that afternoon and they were to be kept in separate cells in the brig.  They and their assigned lawyers would be heard in 3 days for pleas at 1600 hours and trial would start at 0800 hours 3 days following.  There would be room for 20 Human and 20 Kerth to witness the trials.  If more than 20 wished to attend a lottery would be set up to determine who would be allowed to be seated as witnesses.  All evidence gathered would be considered by the prosecuting lawyers and they would determine what evidence they would use.  All the evidence from the Human and the Kerth investigators would be made available to the accused and their lawyers at 1600 hours today.  
Lieutenant Junior Grade Jones closed the court and left.  His first stop was the JAG office where he was ushered into the chief's office.  Standing nervously in front of the chief's desk he said you put me in a very tight spot with your instructions.  I hope I didn't screw up to badly.  When Sissy cleared her throat he jumped and looked around and then paled.
Sorry ma'am I didn't see you when I entered.
Sissy then said the instructions you received were as specific and general as we could make them in each area.  Commandant Mooney, myself, and the Chief of JAG tried to cover all possibilities, yet leave you room to make your own decision.  Now I will tell you that your decisions will be second-guessed from here to the edge of both the Star Federation and Alliance space. Your decisions will be quibbled over for years to come.  A leader doesn't just give orders, but must be able to make the tough decisions and stand by them in the face of later criticism.  Neither of us knew what the Kerth commander wanted to present.  I personally am proud that you considered and decided to combine the evidence gathered by the Provost Marshal and the Kerth commander.  Now the defense lawyers are going to have a real dilemma trying to figure out how to defend their clients.  Be glad your being assigned as court judge for the preliminary hearing puts you out of the pool as courts-marshal judges. You now only have one more task, you need to take the Kerth commanders charges and align then to charges under the code so no one can say they were not tried under the code.  I'm sure that the JAG will allow you access to the JAG library and a few ensigns to find the appropriate code violations.  You need to have this done by your own deadline of 1600 hours.

At 1600 hours on the 3rd day Lieutenant Junior Grade Jones called the court to order.  He then asked the individuals if their council was satisfactory.  When they both answered yes he asked them to think of their plea as the court clerk read each charge against them.  The Kerth charge first as listed by the Kerth commander with the applicable military code charge which is the charge you will be tried for.
Charge 1:  Misconduct of a civilized individual resulting in major injury to another individual. Penalties range from personal public disgrace and loss of privileges to death in severe instances.
Code 128 – Maiming – (3) seriously diminished his physical vigor by the injury of any member or organ. 
Code 128 – Assault – (b)(2) commits an assault and intentionally inflicts grievous bodily harm with or without a weapon.
Charge 2:  Misconduct of a civilized individual resulting in surface injury to another individual. Penalties range from personal public disgrace by thrashing and loss of privileges to confinement in severe instances.
Code 128 – Assault – (b)(2) commits an assault and intentionally inflicts grievous bodily harm with or without a weapon.
Code 134 – conduct prejudicial to the good order and discipline.
Charge 3:  Misconduct of a civilized individual through use of intoxicants.  Penalties range from public disgrace to loss of privileges and confinement.
Code 134 – conduct prejudicial to the good order and discipline.
The judge then asked how the individual desired plea to each charge.  He plead not-guilty to charge 1 and guilty to charge 2 and 3.  
Then the judge had the clerk read the charges against the second individual:
Charge 1:  Misconduct of a civilized individual resulting in surface injury to another individual. Penalties range from personal public disgrace by thrashing and loss of privileges to confinement in severe instances.
Code 128 – Assault – (b)(2) commits an assault and intentionally inflicts grievous bodily harm with or without a weapon.
Code 134 – conduct prejudicial to the good order and discipline.
Charge 2:  Misconduct of a civilized individual through use of intoxicants.  Penalties range from public disgrace to loss of privileges and confinement.
Code 134 – conduct prejudicial to the good order and discipline.
 The judge then asked how the individual 2 desired plea to each charge.  He plead guilty to charge 1 and 2.  
Then the judge recessed the court for an hour while he considered the pleas and rules of the code.
When he called the court back to order he informed individual 1 that his presiding judge would be Captain Al Jones of the Cyclopes,  Then he informed the second individual that his presiding judge would be Captain A Medina of the PHOENIX.  Three officers from the pool of remaining ships would be assigned and their courts would meet at 0800 hours 3 days from now.  The judges would be advised of the pleas.  The judges of individual 2 would be advised also of the punishments each violation of the code.  He would enter the punishment phase of his courts-martial.  Were there any objections or motions to be entertained.
The lawyer of individual 2 objected that Captain Medina was closely related to the Fleet Commander and should therefore excuse himself.
Lt. Jones noted the objection and then reminded the defense lawyer that military laws were very specific when it came to discussion of courts-marshals in progress.  I will have standby presiding judge selected and held in reserve, you may raise that motion with Captain Medina 3 days from now.  
Then the lawyer for first individual then made a motion to suppress the evidence furnished by the Kerth commander.  His reasoning was that it was not gathered in the prescribed manner outlined in the military code. 
Lt. Jones noted the motion and then informed the lawyer that he needed to research the Kerth military code as far as gathering evidence.  With that information he then would have all the procedures outlined and could bring that motion up with the presiding judge.  As for now I will deny that motion, but make a ruling that none of the judges be allowed to see any of the evidence against your clients.  Lawyer for individual 2, will you be making a similar motion.
When he answered in the negative, Lt. Jones asked if there were any other motions.
Neither answered.
He then remanded the accused back to the brig guards and dismissed the court.
As he approached the JAG office he met Captain Medina and asked him if he knew anything about the courts-martial being convened.  He then told him that it was a hot topic and since he was selected to be a presiding judge he should not even listen to the scuttle-but that was going around.  
Captain Medina then informed him that he was told by his sister when he arrived last night that she could not see him until after the courts-martial because she was directly involved.  
I immediately informed my crew that a hot button courts-martial was going to happen on the station and no one was to discuss it.  My ship was supposed to only be here for 10 days for a weapons upgrade.  Now I don't know how long we will be here.  Meanwhile the DIRT system is without real protection.  
As they walked into the JAG office Medina stopped and looked.  His sister walked up and kissed him on the cheek and said I'll see you after the courts-martial; then left.  The JAG then waived them into his office.  Captain Jones was sitting waiting for them in front of the desk.  
The JAG then said I watched your court on the view screen and you are getting better.  Now Captains I have some instructions for you and the third officer that will be here shortly.  
Captain Elberts walked in and immediately said welcome home Albert.  Hope you had a nice jump.  
As he sat down the JAG said, Orville is the backup, Al you will be challenged in the first moments of your sitting as the presiding judge because your sister is the officer that defused the incident and has kept this incident from becoming an interstellar incident if not a war.  Feeling are running high in both camps.  I really don't want to put this on video, but I must and there will be 20 witnesses from each camp in your court room each day.  Al you also have a challenge coming up.  Individual 1 plead not guilty to the first charge against him.  His lawyer has already made a motion to exclude the evidence that the Kerth commander brought to the preliminary hearing.  Have you seen it yet.
No, I've been to busy, I figured I'd watch the trial.
Oh boy, said the JAG.  Now what I want you to do is not watch or discuss it.  However you need to review the evidence gathering procedures under the code and get with the Kern commander and become familiar with their evidence gathering procedures.  When you are challenged you will have to make some tough decisions such as calling the Kerth commander in and grilling him as to whether all the evidence was gathered in a manner to prevent tampering or exclusion.  Shall I ask Admiral Medina to explain the procedure to him or do you want to contact him directly.  
Would it be within the code for me to take the defense lawyer with me when I went to talk to him.  
If you take only the defense lawyer he might be able to claim undue influence upon appeal.  
What if I call the Kerth commander to the court on the day of the motion.  I will need someone from the Provost Marshall's office of equal rank to testify as to the procedure they went through gathering their evidence and then put the Kerth commander on the stand after him.  Now legally can I inform them in advance or would it be better to jump it on them with no warning.  Also I will need at least three translators.  
Well Al do you think you can handle it?  You probably realize now that you will be second guessed for the next 50 years and the arm chair lawyers are going to have a field day no matter what you do.  
And by the way Joe, I want 4 of the ugliest, meanest looking female marines you got in my court room as bailiffs.  I want them only armed with clubs and knives.
Captain Al Jones what are you planning.
Nothing provoking I assure you, I've read up on the Kerth and know that the females rule and a knife is their preferred weapon of choice.  Now the billy club is recognized by all the enlisted crew on every Human ship as the weapon of choice by the MP's.  I will have order in my court and reserve the right to eject any trouble makers using force if needed.  Albert you may want to consider that also.  The first thing I intend to do is set up my court room with the translators to one side along with the cameras. Then I am going to have the 40 witnesses sit Human, Kerth, Human, Kerth all the way through the gallery.  Any witness that doesn't like it will be ejected and the next in line let in.  On second thought I will need 6 female bailiffs.  4 will be in the back corners and 2 at opposite ends of the lawyers tables.  I will explain my procedures and expectations for everyone in the court room and then start.  To bad you won't let me hold court on-board my ship.  

Three days later 5 tough female marines started letting the witnesses into the court room.  The 6th told the witnesses where to sit.  She also informed them in English and Kerth that if they objected to sitting where assigned the other door led directly into the hall and they could either walk or be thrown our.  Only one individual objected and he was ejected.  As soon as the witness were seated Captain Al Jones entered and stopped just in front of the lawyers tables.  He motioned one translator over and then told her to translate every word into Kerth.  The first thing he announced was that this was his court and anyone that caused any disturbance would be thrown out.  I have enough young ladies here to enforce my decisions and I won't need to call for more because the Provost Marshall and Marine commander are watching from their offices.  That means that if there is a disturbance here that the bailiffs can't handle I have no authority over the reinforcements until order is restored.  Does everyone understand, if so raise your hand.  All the hands went up.  
Then he told the bailiff to bring in the lawyers and accused.  While they were doing that he walked around behind the bench and sat down in the middle seat between 3 lower ranking officers.  He looked at them and asked if any of them needed to be excused because of the way he was going to run the court.  They all assured him that they could make a fair judgment as long as he was fair. 
As the accused and lawyers sat down he informed them of the basic rules.  Any time they asked a question they would wait until the translator was finished before getting an answer or asking another question.  The defense lawyer objected.  
He looked at a translator and said TRANSLATE.  
He translated the objection and then Al answered the defense lawyer with a few sentences.  These proceeding have a language mixed group of witnesses in the gallery.  Also the viewing audience is mixed as far as language goes.  The record of this trial will be carried throughout the civilized universe, so English and Kerth will be the main languages used here.  Those that do not speak either of those languages will have to get their own translation.  The defense lawyer opened his mouth to say something and Al simply hit the bench with the gavel and said shut up.  As the translator finished he asked her if she also translated the gavel and his instruction to the lawyer.  Another translator made a downward chop with her hand and then pointed at the defense lawyer and repeated in Kerth what the judge said and then pointed at the other translator and what he was told.  There were a few laughs in the gallery from both humans and Kerth.
Before the laughter died out Al said defense attorney, if you have an objection or motion to make wait until the translation is complete and then I will hear you.
The defense lawyer then said I make a motion that the evidence gathered and submitted by the Kerth commander did not follow the procedures outlined in the military code for gathering and safeguarding evidence.  With that he sat down.  
As soon as the translator finished Al conferred with the other three judges and said.  I am going to call several witnesses and then rule on your motion.  They will be an expert from the JAG office on what minimum procedures need to be followed for proper collection of evidence, then the individual in charge of gathering the evidence from the human side, and then the individual in charge of gathering the evidence from the Kerth side.  Then we will know if any or all the evidence was gathered and safeguarded properly.  Is that satisfactory with both sets of lawyers.  He strummed his fingers on the bench as the translators translated and then pointed at the prosecuting lawyer.  
He answered that he had no objection.
Then he pointed at the defense lawyer.  He was conferring with is client and then he said he had no objection and his client wished to change his plea on charge 1 and throw himself on the mercy of the court.  
After that translation Al said in that case do you have any objection to all the evidence being place in the record for future study after the verdict is announced.
The defense lawyer then started conferring with his client while the translator translated.  Then he announced that his client had no objection.
After that was translated Al informed the prosecuting attorney to give all the evidence gathered to the court recorder.  There would be a 15 minute recess or more until the judges reached an agreement on punishment.  Then he turned to the 3 junior judges and stated, since the accused has plead guilty to all charges you may only make your decision on punishment on his plea.  No other factors may be considered.  You must make a decision on whether minimum or maximum punishment is warranted for each violation of the military code.  If you need any further guidance you may call upon me here.  As soon as the translator finished they got up and walked through a door behind the bench.  He called one of the bailiffs up and told her to secure the door and make sure it is firmly closed.  
She checked the door and assured him that it was closed.
Al then stated that the same rules applied but this was unofficial.  As soon as the translator finished he looked at the accused and said, the three junior judges will make their decision on your punishment.  I just have a few questions for you.  One, why do you drink until you don't have any common sense?  Two, why did you and your buddy go into the Kerth area that night?  Third, do you have any idea how much trouble you caused and could be in?  You have a choice to make, you may answer or not.  I'll wait until either you make a decision or the 3 judges return with their decision.  Then the translator started.
As soon as the translator finished the accused stood and said I don't know why I drink that much.  As soon as the translator finished with that he said we went over there on a dare from another guy we were drinking with.  He passed out before we got up to go.  The translator finished that quickly and waited for him to continue.  All he said then was I don't know and I'm sorry.  Then he plopped down in his seat and put his head in his arms on the table.
There was a lot of whispering and low talking in the gallery which Al ignored.  The bailiff started pacing up and down and finally Al told them to take their post.  The bailiff at the judges door came forward and said to Al that they had made their decision and were ready to announce it.  He told her to bring them in.  As they came in he moved his chair to the end of the bench.  As they sat down they looked puzzled and finally one asked why he wasn't in his place.  After that was translated he tapped the gavel on the bench twice and stated the court is back in session.  As soon as the translation is finished the accused will stand and face the three judges and one of them will read and explain the punishment for each charge.  Don't get to far ahead of the translators.
The middle judge stood up as soon as the accused did and then read from the paper charge 1 punishment for violation of code 128 is up to 7 years confinement and a dishonorable discharge.  We sentence you to 1 year confinement and an undesirable discharge.  If the discharge is ever contested it will automatically become a dishonorable discharge.  On charge 2 violation of code 128 assault your punishment could be 5 years confinement and a undesirable discharge.  You will serve 1 year confinement.  On charge 3 misconduct as defined in code 134 you may be punished by up to 2 years confinement and a undesirable discharge.  You have disgraced the military and will receive an undesirable discharge upon completion of 2 years confinement plus the 1 year from charge 1 and the 1 year from charge 2 for a total of 4 years confinement.  You have 30 days to appeal to the station commander for relief before being transferred to the military confinement facility on Mars.  
As soon as the final sentence of the translation was finished Al asked the judges why the punishment for charges 1 and 2 were so light and charge 2 was the maximum.
As soon as the translator finished the judge on the far end stated that without seeing the evidence they could not in good conscience impose more that the minimum on charges 1 and 2.  However his admission of guilt on besmirching the honor of the military deserved the maximum allowed.  Most of the humans in the gallery moaned as he finished and as the translator finished the many of the Kerth jerked back in their seats.
Al then slammed the gavel down on the bench and told the bailiff to remove the prisoner.  As soon as he was out the door he instructed the bailiffs to assure an orderly exit from the gallery.  The he slammed down the gavel again and growled court dismissed.  The camera swiveled from him at the bench to the gallery as the witnesses quietly filed out.  He then with a jerk of his head headed for the door.  The other 3 judges thinking him mad followed him slowly from the courtroom into the judges room.  There he sat down and told them to close and lock the door then sit.  As soon as they sat he told them that this was so far off the record that he would personally help them out the airlock without a suit if they ever repeated what he said here.
He knew he had their attention and then smiled and said I don't completely agree with the punishment on charge 1, I'd have nailed him with at least 3 years under article 128, but your reasoning and the announcement that he besmirched the honor or the military and then gave him the maximum allowable punishment made up for it.  The Kerth will kill their own for besmirching the honor of the clan.  You just told them that you consider the military a clan.  Now Mars ain't a vacation spot and I'm sure the military confinement facilities are being researched right now.  The only place worse is Pluto and it is a life visit there.  The prisoners run it and the guards drop supplies from orbit.  The standard order for any attempt to escape is the blaster from orbit with no rescue attempt.  I hope that the Kerth got the impression that I was not pleased with the lightness of the sentence.  
Now lets retire to the officers mess and I'm buying.  As they walked into the mess Commandant Mooney and Admiral Medina lifted their cups in salute.  After getting a glass of tea Al walked over and sat down and then said do we get a pass for our performance.  
The Commandant said that the Kerth commander had already called him.  He stated that no sane Kerth to his knowledge had ever survived more than 3 years confinement and the victims have already petitioned him to request a reduction in the confinement sentence on that human.  They felt that we were putting them to death for getting drunk and getting in a fight.  By the way Al you are now on the Kerth shit list as a blood thirsty male because they interpreted your actions at the end as wanting to gut the accused for his actions.  Several of their commanders don't feel that he violated the honor of the military that much.  I can't wait to see what Albert does.  His junior judges have already called him back twice for advice.  If I didn't know better I'd think they were having a party or watching a view screen to find out what you did.  
Just then the steward brought over a portable view screen and said that Captain Medina was announcing the sentence on his accused.  
4 years confinement on Mars and a general discharge.  Both charges punished under code 134.  He did allow the accused to make a statement before he sent his junior judges back.  That must be why he didn't use 128. 
Then the commandant said I better get back to my office.  I know I'll probably get more calls from the Kerth.  At least he didn't act like he wanted to gut the kid.

That afternoon Sissy was in the mess with Al when Albert walked in.  
His first question was, “Am I on the Kerth shit list too?”
Al answered, “You didn't make the top ten like I did.”  Then he got up and went over and got Albert a cup of coffee.
Sissy was telling Albert that she thought that if they appealed they might get off with just a year or two because the commandant had already received calls from several Kerth commanders requesting that the such bloodthirsty sentences be reduced.  The two humans that were on trial did not violate the honor of the Kerth enough to demand death.  Fights like this were minor honor violations.  It seems that the Kerth cannot stand confinement and one commander stated that he knew of no sane Kerth that survived more than 3 years confinement.  Confinement itself is dishonorable for the individual and their clan. 
* * *


Departure

Finally all the ships weapons were upgraded and the personnel trained.  
The initial target stars were identified and the rendezvous points designated.  
Departure ceremony was scheduled for 0800 hours Monday morning 28 December 2247.  It was 1430 hours when the last VIP left for the station and Fleet Commander Medina ordered all ships to assemble 1 Ly Galactic North of SFGSS.
The first destination will be 23 Librae where Star Federation explorers found a space faring civilization years ago.  At that time they were just getting to their system asteroid belt.  April 3rd was what was recorded in the official log as entry into the 23 Librae system.  The initial survey from beyond their 6th planet showed much activity in their asteroid belt and a large metallic mass orbiting just sun side of the belt.  From its shape and it could be a generation star ship.  
Sissy called for a meeting on the flagship of all captains.
It was decided that CAPT Freeman would take the KILLER 2 into the system and observe.
“Remember Clarance,” she said, “Don't let them get a good a look at your ship.  Kind of drift in and through. Hopefully they aren't hostile.”
As the Captains returned to their ships she sat down and made mental contact with Commandant Mooney, 23 Librae has progressed to the point that they are building a generation star ship.  We need a trader and contact team.  I have Captain Freeman doing a drift through the system to gather data.  Then we will proceed to the next system and rendezvous back here in three months to assist.  Any new orders?
A few moments later Commandant Mooney replied, A member will contact you with ETA.  Happy hunting.
A week later they departed.  There were four star systems within ten light years so they explored them all.  Nothing of interest or life forms either.  A few had asteroid belts that contained mineral deposits that registered as rich.  
L 624-20 even had a moon circling a gas giant within the habitable zone.  Unfortunately it was just like Jupiter with its strong radiation belts.  Paraterraforming would be the only option there.  
* * *


LOST

Arriving back at 23 Librae they set up outside the 6th planet and continued to observe.  Two ship days later the Ortranto arrived.  Not only did it contain two contact teams, but a mixed human and alliance trading team.  Two weeks of analysis and the contact team leader considered themselves ready.  
Also monitored was a flurry of activity around the home planet and asteroid belt.  Oscar Medina the leader decided that the traders globe would enter the system and take up a position between their star ship and home planet which was third from the star.  Communications had been intercepted and analyzed, however no pictures were received.  No one knew what the aliens looked like.  The plan was to assemble a meeting platform like the one the FREESTONE assembled to make contact with the Saturn ships.  
Two weeks passed and the contact team finally decided that they would build a pressure enclosure over half the platform for their own comfort.  The second day an unsuited member sat on the platform eating his lunch one of the alien ships edged up to the platform and three beings walked over to the airlock.  They looked at the pictures on the airlock door and then one entered.  He cycled into the pressure enclosure and then pulled some instruments out and started taking readings.  The planet was an M type and the air was as close as possible to the analyzed readings they had taken.  Scott Friar sat and watched the alien for half an hour and then got up and walked over to his computer and put on one of the musical tunes that they had recorded from the planet.
When the music started the alien jumped and then approached Scott.  Scott picked up and unrolled a sheaf of plastic pages and handed them to the space suited figure. Then he turned and unfolded a bench and placed it in front of his chair and sat down.  After pouring himself cup of water and drinking it, he poured two cups and placed one on the bench and started drinking the other.  The suited figure approached and pulled another piece of equipment out and then proceeded to analyze the water in the cup, and then it snipped a piece of cup rim off and analyzed it.  
After about twenty more minutes it reached up and removed its helmet.  The skin was almost jet black.  No visible hair on the head although it was human shaped.  As the suit was removed it displayed more characteristics of a human female.  
Scott picked up his radio and called back to the ship for a medical analysis kit to be brought over by a linguist.  He then started talking rapidly trying calm himself.
The surprise almost caused him to fall out of his chair as the female stumbled over a sentence that almost made sense. It sounded like she was saying that we were welcome and they were from a planet far away.  It reminded him of the old Star Federation language that some of the older traders still spoke.  
Scott then got up and went over to the computer table and picked up a glass.  Pulling out his knife he nicked his finger and showed the female a few drops of blood as they dripped into the glass.  Then he set the glass down and returned to his seat and motioned for her to go over to the table.  
She picked up her helmet and placed it over her head and he could hear her talking.  After a few minutes she approached the table and picked up the glass.  She then pulled an object from her pocket and cut her finger and dripped some red blood into the glass on top of the other blood and observed it closely by holding it up above her eyes in front of an object that could only be a camera of some sort.  Talking excitedly she conversed with someone about the fact that her blood and the aliens was the same color and the analyzer indicated that they contained just about the came compounds.  
Running Elk entered the airlock and started removing her suit.  As she did so the alien female walked over to her and touched her face.  After all Running Elk carried her grandmothers skin coloration and was several shades darker than Scott.  Running Elk started talking to Scott and he told her that the alien female talked in a language that to him sounded like the old Star Trader language.  
Running Elk opened the medical kit and removed the emergency medical nanobot pack and set it aside.  She then set up the medical kit and took a blood sample from Scott and printed up the results.  Then she repeated the procedure on herself.  Taking a new needle out she motioned the alien woman over and pantomimed taking blood from her arm.  
She put her helmet on again and after a brief conversation extended her arm.  After running the procedure Running Elk asked her her name in Star Trader talk.  It only took two tries for her to understand and then she said, Debra.  
Running Elk printed Debra's results and then after a few keystrokes got a combined printout showing all three side by side along with a DNA breakdown.  Except for the junk DNA and nanobots the results were remarkably similar.
Debra looked at the results and then got a shocked look on her face when she realized that she could read many of the letters and numbers.  After another brief conversation in her helmet she started sounding out words to Running Elk.  Running Elk's language computer was the combination of an advanced learning machine and then as the words were input pictures started appearing of animals, plants, and inorganic objects.  
Meanwhile Scott had called for more chairs, and partitions to make sleeping and sanitation accommodations. A crew came in and assembled them without removing their space suits.  
After about ten hours Debra indicated that she must go and Running Elk then had to convince her that she would be hazardous to the health of her ships crew.  Using the medical printouts and a microscope she showed her the pathogens that she carried and the pathogens that we carried.  It took about thirty minutes and then a shocked look came over her face as the fact finally penetrated. She sat down on the deck and put her helmet on and then had a long conversation with someone and then with someone else.  The second conversation must have been with someone on the planet or in the belt because the time lag was many seconds between each talking.  
Scott listened in on his com-link and the language computer translated a little over half of the conversation. Then he called Oscar and requested that they send for another ship from the exploration fleet to come to their position with all the medical packs that they could spare. The estimated population within the system was nine billion humans.  Also if they could send for supplies to treat the system population it would be helpful.
As the comprehension of the language was hammered out Debra and Running Elk entered everything on the computers and transmitted it to both sides ships.  The population of LOST celebrated with great joy until they found out that pathogens from both sides were deadly to the other.  Then they were relieved to find out about the medical advancements of the HoM of man system.  
The side fact that there was hostile alien species roaming the galaxy was a side fact that caused some concern.  The other fact that there were four other friendly space faring species hardly mattered after the fact that they had been found and would soon be reunited with humanity.  

The Story of LOST.
Established year 12181

This my children is the story of a generation colony ship from a moon of the fifth planet in a eight planet solar system many light years away.

Our original destination was only a hundred or so years away and we had just started decelerating when the accident happened.  A meteoroid in deep space hit our ship engines.  Our course had us on an almost direct impact with our destination star.  Lucky the orbital plane on the star wasn't in our path.  We approached the star and found out that there was a gas giant planet on in a tight orbit.  We passed behind it in orbit and the bend we got from its gravity field accelerated us to an orbit only two light seconds out from the surface of the star.   By then our engineers had one engine operational.  Our Captain determined that if we accelerated during our closest approach we could leave the star system and continue on our journey to find a suitable home.  Still, we sustained twenty percent casualties from heat and radiation.  

Our original journey was supposed to last one thousand and twenty seven years.  We visited four star systems and found them unsuitable.  It only took us two thousand and sixty one years to find this star system.  On the moon of the third planet we set up three archives.  

After landing all the survivors the Captain at that time did the impossible.  He managed to land the star ship in a shallow lake without to much damage.  The power supply lasted almost three hundred years and then without the gravity plates to support the ship it collapsed.  

The descendants of the original colonist used the refined metals to keep their civilization operational.  We did loose space flight and it was slow path back to the moon.  We had two colonies set up there before the first archive was discovered.  It took a generation for the experts to match up the language with what we spoke at that time.  Many did not want to believe their findings.  A war erupted over that issue and it took us another hundred and fifty years to get back to the moon only to find the archive destroyed.  Two hundred years later the second archive was found by a mining crew.

Six hundred and nine years passed for us while started using our solar systems resources.  We have three automated exploration ships out to the nearest stars.  They should arrive in the next decade or two.  Our leaders decided that we would try to retrace the original path recorded and launched an automated ship over a hundred years ago.  This brief history was recorded and included on the ship we sent off aimed at the home world. 

You wouldn't believe the excitement and fear the ship that drifted through the system six months ago caused.  Part of our population feared that the aliens in the ship would conquer us.  The others hoped that the ship had people from the old home world.  

Another ship has arrived in the system and stopped between our world and the asteroid belt where we are building our colony ship.  We have some defenses, but not enough to repel an invasion if that is their desire.  Our scouts have determined that there are eight more beyond the orbit of our last planet.  The in system ship has set up what looks like a platform and yesterday they built a clear shell over half of it.  Today one of the aliens entered and removed his space suit.  He, she, it looks like us only the skin coloration is very pale.  

Early in 2249 the medical supply ships arrived along with representative of the Star Federation Government.  
* * *


Exploration continues

Twenty two star systems and 400 light years later they found a derelict spacecraft at the edge of a star system, and in the asteroid belt a damaged space station.  It was the month of May in the year 2233.  
CUBE 13 and Enterprise 4 were dispatched to the two closest star systems to check them.  CUBE 13 found and reported an empty star system.  
Enterprise 4 found the wreckage of a civilization and a radioactive planet in the habitable zone.  Captain Ironstone reported that it could have been a species war, but some of the damage looked like the planet had been bombarded from space by meteors, however the asteroid belt orbits were stable.  Also the damage to space stations in the asteroid belt indicated missiles and energy weapons.  
After viewing such devastation Fleet Commander Sissy Medina determined that R&R was needed so she started the fleet in the direction of the nearest human world.  It was Aaist, only 73.26 Ly and 20 stars away.  Figuring a week to survey each star, they'd be there in just over 223 days.  
Half way there Sissy received a message from Aaist reporting a pirate attack on a trader.  The only good news in the message was that the trader didn't have FTLD.  Calculations indicated that the Fleet could be there in 42 days, and she hoped that the gravity disturbances from the pirate vessel were still traceable.  
Captain Tooth suggested that all ships bind themselves together in a single mass and let his FTLD propel them.  Sissy's mental conversation with him showed her that his was the most powerful FTLD engine plus experiments the Seals had performed indicated that greater mass would allow faster FTL speeds.  Spike was the only ship that couldn't join the mass so they proceeded under their own power.  The mass of the Fleet ships arrived in 33 days.  
The government of Aaist was overjoyed to see the Fleet and gave the radar reading for the trajectories of the pirate and hijacked trader vessel.  Immediately the Fleet started out in the direction of the radar track and after 7 days travel they started picking up the gravity tracks of two ships.  Three days later they lost them and found that the trajectories had changed.  On the twentieth day after leaving Aaist the Fleet located the pirate ship and the captured trader.  When the pirate was surrounded by six warships and given the ultimatum they surrendered.  It only took the Seal computer expert one hour to crack the pirate ships computer and find the location of their home planet.  It turned out to be HIP 47620.  
The Fleet arrived just outside the outermost planet on April 14, 2234.  After a quick survey Sissy had the Waterbug and Specter move to the main asteroid belt station and the Artemis, Asp, CUBE 13, and KILLER 2 surround the pirate planet.  The Enterprise was to intercept any spacecraft that tried to come to the aid of the planet or try to escape from the system.
Enterprise only had to disable three spacecraft trying to come to the planets aid.  Four others surrendered and had their crews removed.  
The main asteroid belt station tried to fight, but when the Specter started cutting the surrounding asteroids in half they realized they didn't stand a chance and surrendered.
The planet launched missiles and spacecraft from the surface.  All were destroyed.  Also the spacecraft launched from the moon were either destroyed or captured by globes.  Eight days later the government surrendered.  Captain Sissy Ransome was allowed to take the Asp down to the planets surface.  Sixteen globes spread out over the capital city and all aircraft were told to land.  The Asp settled into the central park.  As the marines aboard disembarked the local police opened fire.  A miscalculation they soon discovered when half their force was eliminated by a laser from the ship.  The highest ranking member of the police was instructed to instruct the surviving police to round up the politicians and bring them out to the park.  
An hour later the fifteen members of the planetary government were sitting on the ground beside the ship.  When Sissy Ransome came out of the ship with the captain of the pirate ship one of the middle aged men stood up and said, “Grandfather, I never expected to see you in my lifetime.” 
The pirate captain looked at him and then stated, “Gentlemen of the government.  No longer can we follow the path our ancestors laid down for us.  There is a Star Federation government and an alien Alliance that have combined.  There are four nonhuman races that also have star travel. 
“I was almost fifteen light years from the point I captured a trade ship and they tracked me down.  After my ship was captured I saw one of the aliens crack the computer security in less than an hour.  This fleet of warships traveled here in less than a month.  It's time to quit raiding and become honest hard working members of the Star Federation.  
“This is Captain Sissy Ransome.  She is not the Fleet Commander.  The Fleet Commander personally told me that after I landed and was handed over to the government that the government had twenty-four hours to notify the population of this star system that the days of piracy have come to an end.  
1. “A governor will be here in less than a month from the Star Federation government.  
2. “Elections will be held and no member of the present government will be allowed in the new government.  
3. “In the words of The Alliance, uncivilized behavior will not be tolerated and those individuals will be exterminated.  I've seen the pictures of whats left of one uncivilized race.  The planet is a radioactive globe and all their space defenses are gutted.  They are extinct! 
4. “This meeting is being broadcast on all the communication frequencies they detected, so the population is forewarned.  Your choice.  They are going to wait in orbit for the planets decision.
5. “My crew and I were tried on the way here, convicted, and sentenced to 365 days confinement at hard labor. As the planetary government you are to carry out the sentence.”
With that Captain Ransome turned and entered the Asp.  The marines followed her leaving the pirate captain standing with his head down and then his crew was marched out.  The young marine escorting them turned and said, “You got 2 minutes before we lift off.  I suggest you move your asses away from the ship unless you want to be dragged into space in our wake.”  With that she entered the ship.
A few minutes later the Asp lifted off and as it exited the atmosphere the globes accelerated up to it's location.  Then the four warships moved over to Enterprise.  
The prisoners were given the choice of returning to  their ships and going back to the planet or being dropped off at the asteroid belt station.  They all wanted to return to their ships.  
Then the Fleet moved to the Asteroid Belt station and picked up the WATERBUG and SPECTER.  They reported the belt population independent and ready to fight to the death.  The only reason they surrendered was to protect their wives and children.  As they listened to the broadcast from the planet they realized that we were not here to conquer them, plus they were outraged at the piracy the system government had sanctioned.  
Luke called Sissy and informed her that the Asteroid Belt declared themselves independent of the planet and system governments.  They immediately saw the advantage of an alliance with the Space Federation.  They doubted if the majority of the planets population knew about the pirates the government sent out.  
Fleet Commander Ransome addressed the hastily assigned Belt Government and explained that each star system could only have one government.  What they needed to do was send a delegation to the system and planet governments and make sure that they followed the rules.  
Then the Belt government offered facilities for the fleet to relax and meet the local populace.   
Sissy Medina told them, “We appreciate your offer, but we cannot accept it until there is a duly elected system government.  We will be in the outer system until then.  Thanks for the offer.”  
Thursday the 24th a new ship appeared in the system and called the Fleet to find out the systems status.  
Captain Todd Friar of the Whale wasn't surprised that the  system was had given up as easily as it did.  After all the only outside contact was the pirate ship captains and crew and he doubted that they talked.  The shock of the Exploration Fleet and the weapons efficiency would convince them that further fighting would be planetary suicide.  
* * *


The Falcon

Late in the year SF-14236 the Falcon arrived at SFGSS and reported in to their ambassador.  After a few days of ceremonies and political shenanigans the ambassador introduced and processed the paperwork assigning the Falcon to the SFMDF under Commandant Mooney.
Commandant Mooney was accompanied by the ranking Kerth, Goshen, and Seal military personnel as they toured the new warship.  As they retired to the Captains cabin the Seal commander informed Captain Lane that his weapons system was impressive, but there was a new weapon system that needed to be installed.  He then arranged for a tour of one of the other human warships that had the new weapons installed.
At 0900 hours the next morning the Captain, XO, and all three Weapon Masters departed to tour THE CUBE.  None of them appeared impressed by the new weapon system, but took the Commandant's word that it was the only thing that they thought might stop the unknown alien enemy. 
Admiral Beak informed Commandant Mooney that there were 2 strong communicating presences in the group that toured THE CUBE and he wished to have the Falcon's XO and all the weapons masters tested.  Commandant Mooney then told him, “The Red Warrior Queen told me that there might be others having the talent from the Star Federation worlds.  I thought she was just hopeful.” 
After testing Admiral Beak informed Commandant Mooney that the one known as the Wizard and XO Leslie Elm were the two strongest.  The other two weapons masters had low level talent, but enough that they could be trained.  
It would only take 10 days to install the new computer system and weapons system on the Falcon.  The best way would be for the Falcon to travel to SEAL for installation.  Travel time is only 31 days each way. 
Orders were cut placing Commander James Yanez in command of the Falcon for 100 days training.  The following personnel were transferred to THE CUBE after they volunteered for permanent extended duty with the SFMDF: LT Leslie Elm & LT Juliet Goodwin.  
Commander Yanez ran the bridge crews into the ground the first 3 days drilling them on FTLD jumps in gravity wells and gravity well slingshot maneuvers.  After he was satisfied that they wouldn't accidentally wreck themselves he gave them a course for the SEAL system starting off with a FTLD jump, sling shot under gravity drive, to a FTLD jump.
30 days and 4 hours later they dropped out of FTLD 62 light minutes out from the SEAL star.  As the weapons board lit up like a Christmas tree with acquisition warnings the Commander leaned back in his chair and watched the weapons master tell the pilot to jump.  Finally after 3 low energy hits the weapons master finally remembered he had an emergency jump button, and pressed it.  This was programmed for a 3 light second random jump.  As his board started lighting up again he jumped again.  This time the pilot and navigator comprehended the situation and jumped the Falcon one light hour out of the system.  Only then did Commander Yanez announce to the bridge crew that they had destroyed their ship twice because of laxness and he was turning them over to Lieutenant Commander Lane for keelhauling after he had a word with him.  
Back in the Captains cabin the look on Lane's face caused him to burst into laughter.  Then he said, “I set up your crew because the SEAL system defense force knew where and when we would drop out of FTLD and that's why their energy weapons were set on low power.  Your maintenance crew will find a few things on the hull welded and melted, but no permanent damage.  Rake them over the coals, because if we'd jumped into a hostile system we'd be dead.” 
Then Lane said, “But the ID transponder is supposed to prevent that.”
Yanez said, “Listen to me carefully and make sure your bridge crews understand.  Acquisition computers register a spacecraft and automatically target it.  If the ID system doesn't identify it as friendly within 1 second an energy beam or missiles are fired automatically.  You can't call back an energy beam.  There are new missiles that have the capability to do FTLD jumps within a star's gravity well.  I know the young lady that helped develop them.  She managed to evade them within the stars system for 5 jumps.  The next best was 4, and all the Captains knew they were targeted in training and they were evading only 1 missile.  Fleet Commander Sissy Medina, the Red Warrior Queen, is the best intuitive Master Pilot I've ever heard of.  Now after you keelhaul the bridge crew call up the other shifts for a complete briefing.  I want one of the other shifts to reenter the system in two hours and six minutes from now.  We will be expected.”
Lieutenant Commander Lane looked at his time piece and went to the bridge.
Two hours and six minutes later they jumped back into the SEAL system and everything was repeated plus a missile was launched.  The 3rd shift crew got the Falcon tagged after the first jump.  
Lieutenant Commander Lane looked at his bridge crew and told them, “It's not bad enough that the 2nd shift got us all killed, the 3rd shift knew what to expect and you still got us killed in record time.  No wonder Commandant Mooney said we were amateurs.  1st shift take over and contact the SEAL military defense force and politely request where we can park this wreck for maintenance.” 
Eleven days later after the new weapons and weapons computer were installed on the Falcon and its fighters the war games started in earnest.  Both the GOSHEN and SEALS were aboard and two shifts of the bridge crew were aboard their ships for over a week training.  
All the commanders were satisfied and told Commander Yanez to tell Commandant Mooney they would like another SF warship within a month or two to train with. 
A month later the message was hand delivered to the Commandant.  
* * *


The 'T' qualifier

Commandant Mooney finally had to set up a specialist branch within the SFMDF.  It was called the Talent group and those that qualified got a 'T' qualifier added to their rank.  
Rumors were put out that these personnel had mild physic abilities.
* * *


Falcon

Early SF-14237 the Falcon departed SFGSS AO to rendezvous with the Exploration Fleet. 
Travel time was calculated at 46 days, however 30 days out Captain Lane decided on additional training and dropped out of FTLD near a binary star system.  The weapons master detected the signature of the enemy's gravity wave immediately.  He hit the emergency jump button and informed the bridge officer.  On full alert they dropped back into normal space 3 light minutes from their previous location.  Immediately his board lit up showing missiles headed for them.  Slapping the emergency jump button he yelled, “Pilot get us out of here.”  
As soon as they dropped back the pilot jumped them 2 Ly to the other side of the closest star system.  
In less than a minute the weapons master informed the XO, “We have multiple missiles headed this way from an enemy spacecraft.  They must be a new type, because my board reads enemy drive signatures on each one.”
Captain Lane asked, “Lets see if we take out the main ship and capture a missile?” 
As the Falcon jumped behind the main enemy ship, it pivoted attempting to bring it quantum beam to bear.  Weapon 1 was active, but out of range.  Realizing the problem the pilot charged toward the enemy spacecraft under full emergency gravity drive.  After a second realizing they couldn't make it he activated the FTLD.  As it cycled up the enemy's quantum beam made contact with the FTLD field.  Only the computers registered the jump as every crew-member of the ship mercifully went unconscious.  As the weapons master regained his senses he realized that every acquisition light on his board was lit.  Slapping the emergency FTLD button he realized that it wasn't working.  Thankfully the pilot was awake.  “Take us away from here,” he yelled, “FTLD down.” 
The pilot immediately activated the gravity drive and the navigator gave him a sling shot trajectory toward the star only 9 light seconds distance.  
As they circled the star the weapons master reported 2 missiles inbound and fired the linear accelerator and knocked out the nearest, but by rotating the ship to fire it threw the planned trajectory off.  
Engine room to Captain came over the intercom, “The FTLD is fused.  Can I cannibalize one of the fighters drives?” 
“No,” replied Captain Lane,  Weapons Master, lock down all fighters and link their drive systems to the pilots board”  
“Pilot, use the fighters FTLD drives to get us out of here.  I want a hundred light years now,” yelled the captain.
As soon as they were underway using the fighters FTLD, Captain Lane asked how many engines were being used.  
The weapons master replied, “I only got fighter one linked before the pilot engaged.  I don't know how long it will last.” 
“Engineering, start transferring the FTLD from one of the fighters, and get the main drive operational,” ordered the captain. 
A moment later LT Goodwin staggered onto the bridge and over to the Captain and announced, “I've notified Admiral Medina and Commandant Mooney of our situation, both requested details and location.”
Captain Lane looked at her like she was insane and said, “My office now!”
After she explained the talent he called up on his display all the data the computers recorded and she thought the data to the Commandant and Admiral. 
Then she informed the Captain that the Fleet was on it's way and Sissy requested they change course toward 47620.  
Six hours later the ship dropped out of FTLD and a member of the flight deck crew reported that fighter number 1 needed to be ejected immediately because it was beginning to glow.  The weapons master hit the launch button for fighter number one and as the ship moved away it exploded.  
The Captain came over the intercom and ordered the pilot to use fighter number 2 and set course for 47620.  “Try to drop us out of FTLD before the fighter self destructs so we can analyze the results of over stressing the drive.” 
Just before the pilot engaged the FTLD the Captains computer flashed on and then the printer started.  
Computer has you located near Arcturus.
Proceed to 47620 20 days ship time.
Will contact with rendezvous point.
Need data on last FTLD jum...

Captain Lane sat down with a thump and said, “LT, you know a hell of a lot more than you're telling me, don't ya.” 
“Yes sir,” LT Goodwin replied.  “Star Federation and Alliance security is involved.” 
Then he said, “Keep me updated, and see if you can give the Chief Engineer any assistance you can without blowing your cover.”
On day twelve the Chief Engineer called the Captain and requested they drop out of FTLD so he could test the rebuilt main drive.  The test was successful and he informed the bridge that they could now use the main drive at 83% power without doing any damage.  
Eight ship days later they dropped out of FTLD near an uncharted star and Goodwin informed the Captain that the Fleet was stealth within the star system.  
The Commander said to proceed to the system. If they'd been followed, they'd ambush the enemy.  
Captain Lane instructed the pilot. “Proceed under gravity drive to that star system, however vary our speed and make it look like we're having problems.  We are the bait.  
“Weapons Master make sure we don't get caught flat footed by the enemy.  Inside the stars gravity well is a fleet of ours.”  
Less than a minute later, “Sir, we have enemy contact, they overshot us and are decelerating now.  Does anyone know how long it takes them to decelerate to attack?” 
The Captain replied with a sigh, “No, we're in unknown territory now.  We're probably the first solo ship to survive.  That's why we are the bait.  Admiral Sissy Medina is hoping we can lure that ship into her trap.  
“Captain, they just launched 4 missiles.  Three are decelerating and the fourth is headed toward the galactic center, my guess is that it is a messenger ship.”
Lane grabbed the intercom and said, “Wizard, to the bridge now!
Then to the weapons master, “Plot everything, you should remember Goodwin, she'll be here in a minute to assist you.”
As Lt Goodwin entered the bridge the Weapons Master said, “I've set up all plots.  Do your thing Wizard, I've always been jealous of your skill.” 
After a few minutes she fired the linear accelerator three times targeting the enemy ship and then used the lasers and destroyed two of the missiles.  Then concentrating she fired once more at the third missile using the accelerator.  Then she asked, “How long before we pass the star's asteroid belt. 
The navigator replied, “Six minutes.”
Goodwin then informed the Captain, “I hit the enemy ship  and the missile.  I can hold them off.  Make for the 4th planet, it's on the other side of the star right now.  Ambush location being set up one AU galactic north of the asteroid belt.  They only need 4 minutes to get everything prepared.  We need to zigzag a little.”  Then she turned her attention back to the weapons board and started slowly and methodical firing the laser and linear accelerator.  
The enemy missile impacted the outermost planet.  The resulting explosion data indicated an antimatter warhead.
As the enemy ship passed over the asteroid belt the fleet activated their Weapon 1 and launched 50 SEAL drive missiles.  Twenty globes and fighters attacked with lasers and cut the enemy ships into hundreds of pieces.  The Specter approached the ship and started loading pieces as quickly as the marines boarded and verified no survivors and all computers powered down.  Their hack and cut method was quick.  After thirty minutes Sissy called a halt and ordered the fleet and Falcon to the next star system.  Killer 2 remained in the system and accelerated all remaining parts of the enemy ship to an impact orbit with the star, then loaded all his globes and left.  
Six point three light years away the Fleet secreted itself in the asteroid belt of the binary star system and waited for any passive sensor readings.  
An engineering crew from the Waterbug boarded the Falcon and assisted making repairs to the FTLD propulsion system.  They were amazed that the tinkered fighter propulsion system hadn't exploded.  Jury rigged parts were replaced.  Then they started analyzing the fighters propulsion units that had been used to move the Falcon.  
After seven days Admiral Medina ordered the fleet to proceed to Sirius B.  Specter then proceeded to the SEAL system with the parts of the enemy ship.  Two teams of human scientist also headed there.  
* * *


Plans

The SFGSS was buzzing with activity after they found out that one of their SF ships had been attacked and damaged by the enemy.  Almost everyone voted to build a war fleet to protect their planets. 
When Commandant Mooney informed the Alliance council of the events they still didn't think it came up to the hazard to civilization level.  Upon returning to SFGSS he was informed by the GOSHEN representative that they and the SEALS would join them in building a large protection fleet and training personnel.  Their only problem was a shortage of manufacturing facilities.  
Commandant Mooney told his secretary to put out a query to find the best locations to hide manufacturing facilities.
She must have been having a bad day because it went out generally on the net and not to the scientist.  A week later this came back from a young spacer.  It made more sense than many of the other suggestions that came in.  
Plans were sent to the HoM system for ten large radiation proof habitats and three open ended manufacturing shells.  Request for mounting frames and engines were sent to the SEALS with the explanation of what they were for.
They replied that the FTLD propulsion system would not work through the radiation proof hull and the high radiation levels near a flare star destroyed the engines.  They'd lost several exploration ships and crews near those type stars.
Commandant Mooney then ordered test to see if the gravity drive would work from inside those hulls.
It wouldn't!  That left only rocket power to move and stabilize any manufacturing stations put in a flare star system.  
The HoM system government transported one of their old ships to Wolf 359.  The Sissy, one of the original ceramic radiation proof hull warships from the belt, still powered by it's original rocket engines was the ship picked to survey the flare star system.  It took four months and the star flared 27 times.  The crew reported that the first few were very worrisome.  The ship and the old style ceramic suits worked fine.  They also processed many asteroids for fuel, and the analysis of the sabots stored were rich in many of the metals needed.  
Only five operational fuel type rocket ships were located.  However no ceramic hull mining ships were found.  
Commandant Mooney and Freeman pushed an aggressive plan to build several mobile manufacturing plants plus support ships.  Once the SEALS and GOBBLERS were informed of the work around for the gravity drive and FTLD problems they volunteered to build the transport frames, computers, and all the weapons. 
* * *


The Hawk

“Sissy, I need you to return to the exploration area and complete the survey.  We need a secure area and a distraction.  Your fleet will be the distraction and bait.  The enemy, if they are anything like us, will send a fleet of ships to punish the civilization that had the audacity to defend itself against them.  Do your best,” said Admiral Mooney.  
Sissy then said, “I would like the Falcon to join my fleet as soon as it is repaired, and get a volunteer crew because they will be our point.”  
Commandant Mooney then told her, “The Falcon has gone back to its home world for repairs, however its sister ship the Hawk was on it's way to the SEAL system for weapons upgrade and training.  From there it will proceed to join your fleet.” 
When the Hawk entered the SEAL system the weapons master jumped them three times before the pilot got them out of the system and almost immediately a SEAL warship appeared on their screens and hailed them.  
The SEAL commander requested to be allowed to come aboard with the comment, “You are a little slow, but your crew shows promise.  If you will send a shuttle over I would like to accompany your ship into the system after briefing your Captain.”
In his briefing of Captain Garner and XO Sims he explained that training started the second they arrived. If they would explain to their bridge crew that they'd been killed on their second and third jumps within the system it would shock them.  Let them brief another shift of the bridge crew and let them enter the system for another training session.  This was very effective when the Captain, as Captain Lane had done, chewed them out and explained that they weren't ready for anything, they got him and their ship mates killed several times.  Their next entry would be accompanied with low level weapons attack.  
LT Sims asked, “Can I make a few modifications to our SOP prior to entering the system.”
Commander Fly from the SEAL ship said, “Don't tell me, but will it improve your performance?”
When LT Sims said, “I believe so.”
Commander Fly exclaimed, “Good, anything to improve our training will also be welcome.”
After Captain Garner told the bridge crew they'd killed her and their shipmates several times because they weren't ready for any situation when entering a star system they had ten minutes to brief their replacement because they were all casualties.  The first and second shift were briefed and the first shift took the bridge post.
LT Sims then informed them, “Your buddies got us killed twice, see if you can do better.  Either that or I'll have to replace you with a crew from the fighters.  They are all in their fighters monitoring your performance.  Pilot, plot us a course to enter the system from the south just inside the asteroid belt.” 
“Aye aye ma'am,” the pilot replied, “ready to execute.” 
“Execute.” was all the LT said.
Point two five AU inside the asteroid belt was where the ship appeared.  The weapons master located three SEAL ships before his board started lighting up.  He hit the emergency FTLD button and it didn't do the usual two light second jump.  Five light seconds later they appeared elsewhere in the system and they were there almost four seconds before the first weapons indicator lit.  When it lit he yelped, “Pilot take us out,” as he hit his button again.  Three light seconds distance as they dropped out of the emergency FTLD jump the pilot took them out of the system.  
Commander Fly sat with his eyes closed and then said, “You did something wonderful, can you set your weapons for very low power so they will register hits, but not harm the targets?  I must talk to you in your office again.” 
Once in the Captains office Commander Fly explained, “Your lieutenant caught our training group by surprise by where she had the ship enter the system.  Then again because the emergency jumps were not the standard two light seconds.  The whole training group is loosing a strip of skin because they didn't anticipate your actions.  Only one ship after the first jump registered a hit on you.  Can you put your other crew on and reenter the system at you pleasure.  I'm sure this time they will be ready, I hope.”
Captain Garner said, “We will eat first to give them time to worry, and then the fun will begin again after I inform the bridge crew we only got killed once.” 
Captain Garner got the weapons masters together with the navigators and told them they had an hour to figure out how to keep them from getting killed again, or they would get to clean the bilge.  She also told them that a complete map of any system should be automatically made upon any entry.  
Three hours later she had the pilot jump the ship three times around the perimeter of the system before jumping the ship two light seconds from the strongest radio source.
As the weapons masters board registered acquisition he jumped the ship.  Three light seconds later they appeared between two defending ships and fired on both and jumped again.  Six light seconds later they appeared on the outside of the asteroid belt and fired on another defender and launched two missiles at what registered as a space station.  Three light seconds later they appeared again and fired upon three ships that were lined up near another space station.  
Then Captain Garner said, “Enough fun, outside the system pilot.”  
“Commander Fly, is that a satisfactory entry into a possibly hostile system?  I think we shall wait awhile and then jump to where ever you pick as a rendezvous point,”  Captain Garner laughingly said.  “I am interested in your training groups comments and I shall have my navigation section display for you what we learned about your system.” 
Commander Fly then asked a strange question, “Are you related to the Red Warrior Queen?”
The Captain and LT said, “Who's that.” 
Commander Fly said, “You will hear much about her and your ship has created its own story.  I think you might know her by her human name which is Sissy Medina.”  
A week later Admiral Seven had identified both the Captain and the LT as having the talent.  LT Sims was replaced as XO and reassigned to the Warfish.  She and Captain Garner learned rapidly to use the communicators.
After fifty days the Hawk departed to join the Exploration Fleet.  LT Sims aboard the Warfish departed for the SFGSS. 
* * *


2nd Destroyed Civilization

In December 2255 the Hawk caught up with the Exploration Fleet just as it was about to enter 63480.  Sissy had the Fleet hold position and sent Killer 2 on in to explore the system.  Captain Freeman called after only 3 hours reporting another devastated civilization.  After only 4 days of exploring, Sissy agreed that this civilization was destroyed by an external enemy.
The Star Federation government decided that 20 parsecs was to close to find a second civilization destroyed by an unknown enemy.  Even the Kerth finally agreed that there might be a hazard to civilization out there.  
At least when they entered 61451 they found an M-6 type planet.  The survey of 63833 was almost complete when mental communication came that a 2nd SF colony, Deep, had been attacked.  The governor ordered one of the defense ships to the SFGSS to report the attack.  Sixty light years and sixty eight days travel time was to much of a stretch to do any good.  However Sissy turned the Fleet around and headed for Deep.
Then communication came in that a trader reported strange gravity disturbance returning from TRAY to HoM.  TRAY was closer so they were ordered there.  Two of the fleet navigators picked up gravity disturbances in the vicinity of 46816.  
Sissy told, “Captain Elbert, drop to the rear of the disturbance, get two seconds of sensor readings and rendezvous with us in the vicinity of 46488.  We will set up an ambush within that system. 
As the fleet dropped out of FTLD in 46488 system they detected an enemy ship.  Hawk reacted faster than the rest jumping and launching all its fighters. One minute seven seconds later the ambushing enemy ship was sliced and diced.  Fleet Commander Medina had all communications and sensor readings checked to determine it any signals went out from the enemy ship.
None were detected. 
Eight days later when the Cube 13 dropped into the system Captain Elberts reported, “We have detected five distinct gravitational signatures trailing us.”  With that he launched all sixteen of his globes and slowly started toward the second planet of the system.  
Two hours later five large and one small enemy spacecraft dropped into the system in a globe formation that centered around Cube 13.  
Captain Elberts immediately launched every missile he had and did an emergency jump, however there was wreckage left where he jumped from.  Between his missiles and lasers he managed to destroy one enemy and damage one other.  Sixteen globes converged on the five remaining enemy ships firing their weapons full bore.  Two more ships were destroyed before communications started picking up signals transmitted by the other ships.  Hawk lost one fighter as another enemy ship dropped into the edge of the system, however it didn't last long.
One hour later Sissy counted the casualties, Cube 13 damaged, four globes destroyed, 2 fighters destroyed, and minor hull damage to Hawk.  Enemy Casualties, six large spacecraft and two small spacecraft.  She ordered, “Retrieve what we can in thirty minutes and put all enemy ships and our damaged ships on trajectories that will take them into the star.”
One propulsion system was retrieved, and it looked complete including what appeared to be the field generator from the nose of the spacecraft. 
Cube 13 was located and emergency repairs started.  Only ten globes could dock because of the damage.  FTLD was intact.
Waterbug was tasked to analyze the enemy drive while carrying it back to the Gobbler system.  
“All in all a successful ambush.” announced Sissy.  After contacting Commandant Mooney she set the fleet on a course to iota Leonis.  
Commandant Mooney informed her that Cube 15, commanded by  LCDR Kimberly Sims will meet you there, and Cube 13 can accompany Waterbug.  They will arrive about a month after you do. 
Just before arriving at iota Leonis Sissy instructed Hawk's commander to drop in and out of FTLD and then head into the system.  The rest of the fleet proceeded past and then doubled back and set up another ambush in the system.  Then the Hawk came limping in and assumed a solar orbit where they were exposed.  Gravimetric disturbances were detected several dozen times over the next 28 days.  On day 32 six enemy spacecraft dropped into the system.  Only this time their formation was an open arc with the ends on either side of the Hawk.  
Two hundred SEAL drive missiles instantly targeted the enemy ships.  Sixteen hit three.  Sabots were launched from the linear accelerator of the Hawk but none hit.  Hawks remaining eight fighters destroyed one more enemy ship.  The Hawk was cut in half.  The remainder of the fleet completed destroying the remaining 4 enemy ships just as another group of 6 entered the system.  Specter was destroyed with all hands.  Its rear gravity drive cube and 8 globes survived and destroyed 2 more enemy spacecraft.  Of the last four enemy escaped the system.
Total damaged, two fleet ships, 8 fighters, and 20 globes.  Enemy spacecraft destroyed 10.  
Cube 15 and Warfish entered the system six hours later and reported damaging one of the fleeing enemy spacecraft and destroying the second.  LCDR Sims bowed her head and said, “I am honored to meet the Red Warrior Queen,” to Fleet Commander Sissy Medina as she handed over her after action report.  
Admiral Seven said, “This youngster is talented and gave our defense force a trying test.  Her talent is almost as good as yours Red Warrior Queen.”
Sissy smiled and replied, “I am glad that both of you are here.  How is the manufacturing of new war craft coming?”
Admiral Seven thought, three factories are complete and in position and they should be able to build 4 ships each a year.  Aloud he said, “They have started.  HoM has added much to the project.  There was a partial star map on the first enemy computers you captured, however we have not yet been able to match the stars.  The SEALS have sent out two ships, one galactic north and one south, to get better pictures of the galaxy to see if they can narrow down the area the enemy is from.”  
Sims then said, “One theory going around is that they aren't even from our galaxy.  As soon as we get an operational drive we can find out.  All the trails to their exit points are aimed at the galactic core.  So my personal theory is that they are either from the other side of our galaxy or using the black hole in the middle of our galaxy as a sling point to their galaxy.” 
* * *


1st Contact

Then Sissy said, “My plan is to hit iLeonis route in this area and then proceed to Nablus.”
Needless to say the best laid plans of mice and men ... 1st contact with a generation exploration ship of a new alien species calling themselves Avians.  When the ship left their home planet they had two colonies.   
They were hesitant at first to even tell where their home system was fearing we would conquer them.  The use of the teaching machines and when we showed them the extent of the Star Federation and Alliance they capitulated, and we transported their whole ship to 53486.  The planet wasn't exactly what they were looking for, but it was the best they had seen.  Then we gave them the choice of letting some of their representatives go with them to their home planet or we would come back in fifty years after they had themselves set up.  
We concluded that after thinking about it they wanted the FTLD so they picked a group and we took them to Avian, star 66222.  
As the fleet dropped out of FTLD at the edge of their system the Warfish instantly reported 2 enemy spacecraft in the system.  One was attacking the 2nd planet and the other was attacking the asteroid belt.  
Sissy immediately transmitted, “Fleet Commander orders, Destroy the enemy ships and don't let them escape!”  
Seventy minutes later the only thing left of the two enemy spacecraft was junk and Cube 15 had jammed their communications attempt.  
After contacting the planetary government Artemis made orbit and sent down the Avian representatives.  The next day a group from the government came up and met with Sissy.
Sissy explained, “We are at war with the enemy that was attacking your planet.  We have found two other civilizations that were utterly destroyed.  We don't know who they are or where they are from.  They just attack and destroy.  If you want you may join our Federation and Alliance.”  
The senior representative asked, “Will you furnish us with weapons?”  
Sissy explained, “That is up to the civilian government, however we will give you the FTLD technology and provide you security for awhile.  Talk it over with your leadership and we will transport an ambassador group to our government.”
The first thing they wanted was to check on their two colonies.  Both had regressed and were starting back into a planetary industrial age.  After warning them not to broadcast their location with radio transmissions they promised to return in a few years.  
While the ambassador team was loading Sissy contacted Commandant Mooney and asked how the Federation was doing as far as building war ships.  When she informed him that they'd made first contact with another space faring species that still used ion rocket generation ships he blew a gasket and then asked if they could be of value to the Federation.  The Kerth were still discussing whether the enemy was a threat to civilization.  The Gobbler and SEAL governments had formally withdrawn from the Alliance and joined the Star Federation.  
The Goshen had simply withdrawn to their home system and isolated themselves.  The last trader to visit there was simply told to leave.
Sixty-six days later the Artemis entered the SFMDF defense zone and was immediately challenged.  Sissy transmitted, “This is Exploration Fleet Commander Medina, Commandant Mooney is expecting me.  Clear our way now and drop those weapons locks.”
A moment later communications picked up a transmission from SFMDF HQ, “Clear and escort the Artemis to HQ station without delay.  The Exploration Fleet has racked up over a dozen enemy spacecraft destroyed!”
A moment later they heard, “This is RDML Albert Medina, the Phoenix will escort the Artemis in, resume your stations.  Sissy, do you want to jump in or come in with fanfare?”
Sissy replied, “We'll jump half way in and let you get the parade ready.  Out.”  
“Sissy,” Frederick said, “good thing our transponder still works, there were weapons locks registering from 87 different locations and the computer located over a hundred standby missiles.  Hope they give us some new toys.”  
* * *


Resupply

Commandant Mooney said, “Sissy, we have nine new ships and I am assigning two of them to the Fleet.  You will not be getting a full complement of fighters.  In the empty bays will be supplies and two types of missiles.  One is the SEAL Missile t4 and the other is a new FTLD / gravity drive type.  Both types have a 50 mega-ton fission warhead in combination with type one SEAL weapon.”
“Thanks, is that all you're going to give me.  I could use a few more communications personnel so I can have one per ship.” replied Sissy.
Mooney then said, “The talent is very rare, I should pull a couple from your fleet because I need more here.  
“By the way HoM system was attacked last year.  Two globes ended up ramming the enemy ship to stop it.  Before the enemy spacecraft was destroyed we lost 11 globes, 5 warships, and 2 mining ships with crews.” 
After over a month of negotiations the ambassador and his crew boarded the Artemis and returned to Avian as members of the Star Federation.  
* * *


setup on Avian

It took all of two days for the Avian government to approve the treaty.  Then they wanted the fleet to stay and guard the home world and colonies plus give them all the technological advancements they didn't have.  Sissy was called before their assembly and told to arrange for the protection and rebuilding of their planet.  
Sissy replied to the government with a short speech.  “You are now members of the Space Federation.  It is made up of independent planets.  That means that each planet, or species group of planets stands on it's own.  Each planet  provides for it's own.  
“The Space Federation requires a small tax and a few other requirements from the member planets.  In return we have whats called public technology.  That means when new technology is developed it is freely transmitted to all member planets.  That does not include military technology.
“Traders travel between our member planets.  They make a profit on private technology and the trading of physical objects.  Look at the Trading Laws.  
“As soon as your scientist and engineers are ready we will download to your computers all the information on our medical, space travel, spacecraft propulsion, and other technology.  You will be responsible for the use and implementation of that technology.  We aren't your mothers.  If you invent something new you are required to upload that technology to the traders.
“Sometime soon the traders will start calling.  They carry new technology to all member planets.  You can tell them what you want and offer them something of value to them.  They will only keep coming back as long as they can make a profit off their trips.  
“For example the technology to build the FTLD engines is public and free.  However, if you want an engine built and delivered to you, you will have to trade for it with something the traders feel they can make a profit off of.  If you make an improvement on the FTLD its public knowledge.  If you build and trade the physical parts that make the improvement work, you can make a profit from the parts in trade.  
“Military technology and techniques are secret.  No planet shares these.  This secret technology allows all the planets to maintain their sovereignty.  You may build your own space defense force.  We won't interfere.  You may build your own trade fleet.  We won't interfere.  As long as you follow the Star Federation and Trade laws you may do as you please.  
“We have members of different species that have moved and settled on planets of other species members.  Each species has it's own way of thinking and interaction between the species improve the knowledge of all.
“Any questions?”
One member stood up and then asked, “Will you help us set up our computers and ah trading network.”  
Sissy said, “Yes, we will give you guidance on how to set up you planetary Trade Commission and the first computers.”   
Then another asked, “How and where can we learn all these things?”
Sissy replied, “When the first traders arrive your Trade Commission can make arrangements for some students to travel to other member planets for training and return.”  
Then another asked, “How much will this cost us?”
Sissy replied, “Your Trade Commission is the business coordinator.  It's members will have to bargain with the traders for the students travel to, living expenses, and return travel just like it would for any physical objects it wants to trade.  
“Another example was the planet named DIRT.  They wanted the medical machines because they could not build their own.  The trader made a contract with them for wood.  The trader carried that to a system where most of the population lived on space stations.  Wood was in very short supply there so it had a high value.  The trader traded the wood for medical machines and returned them to planet DIRT.  His next trip he carried objects made out of wood.  They were considered even more valuable.  He brought more medical machines plus other objects he thought he could trade.  He made enough profit off two trips that he had a second ship built, and each customer got something of value to them, and were satisfied.”  
Then a young member arose and asked, “What do we have to trade.”  
Sissy tersely replied, “That is for your Trade Commission to determine.  They must look at what is available from your planet, and what the planet wants from others.  Then the negotiations start with the trader.  When an agreement is settled upon, a contract is made.  If either party fails to live up to the contract then an appeal may be made to the Star Federation military for judgment and penalties.  Other than that, your Trade Commission makes all trade decisions for your planet.  I suggest you choose entrepreneurs and businessmen to be the planning members with a lead negotiator.  I will furnish you copies of Trade Commission charters and contracts from several planets that you can uses as a guide to write yours.
“Now you need to select a location on your planet for a main spaceport, and Trade Commission computer location.  Then I will send down a crew to prepare the area, I suggest a dry desert area where you can build storage and transportation facilities for the trade goods.”  

While two ships placed passive sensors around the star system several other crews prepared a landing field and built the building to contain the Trade Commission computers, surveillance, and communications equipment.  Other crew took the selected technicians up to a ship and taught them how to operated and maintain the furnished equipment.  
The first trader arrived just before they finished and had to wait a day before contact could be established.  CAPT Tooth and CAPT Ironstone assisted the new Trade Commission members set up their planet charter and make the first trade contract.  Their negotiator was amazed at the amount of data that downloaded.  He claimed it would take years to study it all.  
CAPT Ironstone told them, “Every trader that arrives will download his public technology data file and the computer will automatically sort and add the new information to the data base.  Any new technology information you enter will automatically be sent up to them.  That's the way it works.  Here is the place you hook in your planetary computer network so anyone on your planet can access any of the data.  Of course your military defense computer network should not be directly connected to this network.
On some worlds data files are copied to detachable portable memory devices and then the device is moved to the computer that will utilize it.  Nothing except the operating system and search menus are on the connected computers.”  
# # #


The Star Federation

Agreement 

On HoM date January 1st, 2248, SF year 14233, the Star Federation officially adopted the month and day from the HoM system using the SF year.  That made the date January 1st, 14233.  The SEALS, Humans, Goshen, and Avians all adopted it as the official government dating system.  It would be entered on all official documents and technology data files as year month day (14233 01 01) in that order.  
Every fourth year there would be a SF official holiday where the HoM calendar added a day to February.  
Beyond that each planet would set its own holidays and local calendar with a conversion program to match their dates with the official date.  
Other business agreed upon was:  
1. It was written into the SF laws that it would never be more than, the equivalent of pay to any adult citizen, one days work per citizen per year.  Record keeping will be the responsibility of the planetary government and data updated to SFGSS yearly. 
2. A census will be performed by every planet to determine population and average wage for all adults (sentient being reaching sexual maturity).  Record keeping will be the responsibility of the planetary government and data updated to SFGSS yearly. 
3. An account will be set up of tax due to SF government and payment, (whether in manufactured goods, labor, materials of set value, or other means), will be determined as need arises.  Record keeping will be the responsibility of the planetary government and data updated to SFGSS yearly.  
4.  Compulsory military defense service is required by the SF government.  This will be 10 days per adult citizen in their lifetime.  The local planetary government will determine who and how this military defense service obligation is to be fulfilled. Record keeping will be the responsibility of the planetary government and data updated to SFGSS yearly.
* * *


47620 

After having the technicians checked out, VADM Medina informed the Avian government that the fleet had to depart.  It's mission was to explore the sector of space.  So on 14254 08 29 the fleet departed the Avian system.  After stops at their two colonies Sissy detailed three ships to survey the surrounding stars while the rest of the fleet returned to the vicinity of the pirate planet.  
Sixty nine days travel time and they arrived to find another battle going on.  Three enemy spacecraft were junk and the last one was taking its time to destroy the Whale by slicing it up using its energy beam.  
Needless to say Sissy issued one command, “Get it!”  
Less than five minutes later the pieces of the enemy spacecraft were slowly floating in a dozen different directions.  
The Artemis jumped directly to the side of the Whale and emergency crews were spilling out the airlocks as she focused the gravity drive to stabilize the tumbling wreckage.  
Eight of the crew survived.  They told of the battle and the fact that all the missiles were launched, and all the globes were destroyed.  Then they started slowly slicing up the ship.  
Sissy had the fleet set up for ambush while the Artemis remained in solar orbit with the wreckage of the Whale.  Then she retired to her cabin. 
Sissy slumped in her desk chair and thought, Commandant, we have a problem. 
Not receiving any reply she thought, Freeman, Yanez, Commandant, I need a reply now.  Freeman and Yanez both answered.  She quickly outlined the situation and told them to get the Commandant to her immediately. 
Then she thought Kimberly, have Cube 15, Killer II and Cube 19 drop out of FTLD now.  I need to contact their captains immediately by computer.  The pirate planet was attacked.  
The only reply she got was a strong yes ma'am. 
While waiting she called her XO and staff in and said, “We need to make plans, I feel that we will be attacked by multiple enemy groups as soon as these don't report back.  That includes the Avian system. 
“XO, I want half the globes patrolling around our vicinity and the other half ready for immediate launch.  If any enemy Gravimetric signatures are detected launch them.  Rotate the globes and don't let them get complacent. 
“Staff, we have 9 war ships and 2 star systems to defend that I know of right now.”  
Then she walked out on the bridge and addressed the XO again.  “Have the weapons master launch 1000 of the type 4 missiles on ballistic orbits and set up for passive monitoring.  I hope they are at space temperature before the enemy arrives.  If you can spare any technicians have them check out the enemy wreckage to see if they can tell what kind of detection systems they have.  Also get everyone in space suits.” 
As she walked back into her office she heard the announcement over the ship intercom, “All personnel will put on their space suits, until the enemy is detected. Have your helmets and gloves attached for immediate use.  When the enemy is detected the atmosphere within the ship will be evacuated.”  
Sissy wasn't sure how the weapons master was launching the missiles, but she could feel thumps through the slippers she was wearing.  As she entered her office her staff was busy on the computer.  She told them, “All of you go get your space suits and bring them back here now and tell the marine outside the door to get his also.”  She stepped over to the wall and pulled a panel off.  Behind it was an old type 5 mining suit modified with SEAL weapons and drive.  After checking to insure that all tell-tales were green she left the suit hatch open.  Just as she sat down at the computer the klaxon sounded and the intercom announced, “Enemy detected, ETA five minutes, launch all fighters, combat stations, suit up.”  Sissy looked at the board for a few seconds and then ran over and jumped into her suit and sealed it.  
Flipping on the comm unit she asked the XO, “Are you suited up and prepared for the fight of your life?  This time we are the bait!”  
The XO replied, “The bridge crew isn't suited.  Our relief should be here in a minute, but until then we'll kick some enemy butt.  2000 type 5 missiles launched to orbit the star system at 100 AU and another thousand type 4 in the tubes to be launched in one minute.  The navigator says from the number of waves detected there must be at least 20 of them.” 
Just then the Commandant called her and she thought back, We have an estimated 20 enemy entering the Pirate planet system.  Wish us luck! 
Tiffany she thought, We have about 20 enemy about to enter the pirate planet system.  If we don't make it make sure Captain Freeman has my last order to protect the Avian system and make the enemy pay for any trouble they give you.  
Her suit blinked and went on internal power.  Shit she thought we got a problem.  Suddenly she was weightless and realized she hadn't fastened the harness as the suit started moving down the escape tube.  
The first thing her eyes focused on was half a ship floating toward the wreckage of the Whale, and missiles were spewing out of the hull like beads on a string.  There was a flash above her and as she looked she saw a gash open up in the side of an enemy spacecraft.  Even at a distance, it was bigger than any spacecraft she'd ever seen.  Then it exploded.  
* * *


A Win? 

The report from Eight Admiral of the Spike told of the battle.  A total of 53 enemy ships entered the system.  Six made it as far back out as the Oort cloud before the type 5 missiles got them.  What was left of his ships instruments indicated that there were 40 enemy ships destroyed on the way in.  
Only the Asp and the Cube 24 were salvageable.  Six globes were operational and they were shuttling survivors to the planet.  The Red Warrior Queen hadn't been located yet, but they were still looking. 
His last thought to the Commandant and his Commander was we shall miss her. 

Something was bumping against her suit.  As she opened her eyes she realized she was looking at the nose of a missile.  If it was one of hers it was 50 mega tons of death.  Looking around at the stars she realized she was in a graveyard of junked ships.  The power level of her suit was low.  Her communications panel was dead.  At least her air, food, and water levels were good.  She thought, Commandant, Tiffany, Albert, anyone can you answer me.  
Faintly she felt the thought of Albert and then Tiffany.  Admiral, where are you.  
She thought back, I'm in a space junk yard.  My suit took a beating, but is basically intact although low on power.  How long have I been out of contact. 
A week, Albert thought back, we'll notify Cube 24 and the Asp.  They have been pushing all the wreckage out to the asteroid belt to clear the inner system.  
Sissy thought back, tell them to be careful, because I am up against a missile and don't know who's it is.  
Red Warrior Queen this is Seven.  I am aboard the Cube and we are on our way.  Just keep thinking so I can find you. 
Several hours later she felt weight and then her suit was pulled away from the missile and toward the ragged end of a spacecraft.  As her suit cleared most of the junk a globe swept over nudged her down the length of the spacecraft and into a large airlock.  As it pressurized several humans & SEALS approached and tried to open the suit hull.  
Realizing their problem Sissy reached up and pressed the hatch release.  Nothing happened.  Someone thought Red Warrior Queen, the hull of your suit is completely coated with something harder than metal.  We are going to have to bring in a laser and cut you out. 
After 3 hours they took the laser away, and she realized the one they were bringing in was one of the Belt lasers from a weapons pod.  It was powerful enough to cut a hole in a spacecraft hull.  
All she could think was I hope I live through this and then she felt the Commandants calm thought, You will live through this because we've duplicated the enemy drive and located their stars.  There are sixteen ships loaded for war on the way to you and you will let them know not to mess with us again.  One of the boys figured out how to make a star to nova and the plan is to let them detect you and then set off a line of stars between their stars and the Star Federation.  Any of their ships that pass that line are to be destroyed and you will have the weapons to do it. 
* * *


Out of a Sardine can.

The Belt laser was lined up to fire out the open hatch with Sissy's suit just inside the projected beam.  The angle was very slight to reduce the chance of reflection into the suit.  Sissy wedged herself into the side of the suit away from the projected beam and braced herself. 
The communication came to her that the Belt laser would only fire for two milliseconds and then the medical crew would grab her and put her in a medical vacuum suit that was really only a big bag with its own air supply.  Are you ready, came the thought? 
She thought back, ready as I'll ever be.  She wondered what would happen if the beam didn't cut completely through the shell and they couldn't get her into the medical suit.  Instantly she felt intense pain and then nothing.  As she looked down she saw that her left leg was gone, and passed out.  
She felt like someone was sitting on her chest.  She opened her eyes and was presented with the view of the rear end of a light weight space suit, and immediately felt sick because of the jerking of the container she was in.  
There was a ripping sound and then she felt hands grab her and she passed out again. 
Finally she thought I must be dead because I can't feel anything.  I guess I'll open my eyes and look at hell.  The blueish face inches from her eyes was hideous.  
“She's awake,” someone said. 
Then the hideous face moved back and she realized it was a human.  Slowly her eyes focused and the medical bay came into focus.  
Sorry about the leg Red Warrior Queen came the thought.  They say they can make you another.  They also tell me that in two days you will be able to get out of the machines they have you in. 
Thank you Sissy thought back to Seven.  How many survived. 
Four ships captains and 46 crew.  Only three others from your ship.  I am very sorry we didn't do better thought back Seven. 
Then the Commandant's thought came in, well it's about time you woke up.  Captain Freeman reports through Sims that only one of their ships sustained slight damage when 10 enemy spacecraft attacked the Avian system.  All he wants is nine replacement globes and another 8000 missiles.  He's an arrogant shit, ain't he. 
Sissy thought back to the Commandant, you just don't know how to deal with him.  I have a feeling that we haven't seen the last of their war ships.  The one that got me was larger than the habitats around Saturn.  
Well you rest now, because there will be no rest when your new fleet arrives.  VADM Freeman is sending a special courier ship with a staff and aide to you.  Frederick knew him, he threatened to steal a ship and crew if he wasn't reassigned to you.  How many people in low places do you know?   Don't answer that!  

Sissy's missing leg hurt with every step.  She had to keep shooing CPO Albert Smith off.  He was constantly under foot trying to anticipate her every request.  Almost every hour she threatened to throw him out the nearest airlock.  To bad she thought, he's a natural on the computer.  
Her fleet computer sat up and purred when Albert caressed the keyboard.  The staff computer expert was still having problems with it after two weeks.  Sissy contemplated having Albert teach Mabel, but he wouldn't take his eye off her long enough to get two sentences strung together.  
“Albert,” Sissy said on day 15 of the training, “If you can't teach LTJG Nugget enough, fast enough to operated the computer, I'll have to assign her job to you.  That means that if you take your only good eye off the keyboard I will bust you down to Petty Officer Third Class and ship you out.  Is that understood!  On top of that I will talk to Fredericks ghost and tell him you've failed me.” 
Albert turned as white as a piece of paper with the last sentence and said, “I won't fail you ma'am.” 
“Frederick never failed me and I miss him like a brother.” Sissy exclaimed.  “He never got under foot.” 
“But you weren't crippled then.” exclaimed Albert. 
Sissy looked at him for a second and then calmly said, “Maggot, I ain't crippled now, I can kick your ass, leave a boot up it, then hop around and stomp on your face till you cry for your mama.  If you think otherwise meet me in the gym and prepare for an ass whupping!” Then she turned and went to the gym.  She was so mad she broke the punching bag cover and ripped her knuckles on bag mount.  
The spaceman assigned duty in the gym was so terrified at the blood she was slinging around, he called the Captain directly.  
The Captain called the LCDR Redhead.  She turned to Albert and said, “I don't know what went on between you two, but Sissy is in the gym breaking equipment and tearing up her hands.  Get a medical team and get down there now.” 
Albert made a call and took off at a run.  As he entered the gym he said, “Red Warrior Queen, I'm here and I brought a medical team to patch me up after you're finished with me.”  Then he sat down on the mat and covered his head. 
Sissy looked at Albert and then at the medical team.  Then she realized that her hands hurt.  Looking down she scowled and said, “Albert get this mess cleaned up.”  
Then she walked over to the medical team and said, “Can you fix these.” as she held out her hands.  
Before the medics finished with her hands she heard Commandant Mooney's thought, Are you OK Sissy, what happened?  Half the humans we have with communicators are down and they all have bleeding hands.  Was there another attack?  I've even got SEALS calling me telling me you are in danger.  
She thought back, I'm sorry if I hurt anyone, I lost my temper and went into what you would call a killing rage.  I'll have to check on all my communicator personnel here.  You check on Kimberly. 
Then she said to the chief medic, “I want a list of anyone that has bleeding hands in the fleet today.”  Turning she headed for her office leaving everyone standing open-mouthed. 
Once in the hall she thought Seven can you hear me?  She hurried to the office and told CAPT Fryer, “Contact Cube 29 and find out the status of Captain Seven Admiral.  After that contact all the ships captains and tell them that I want a list of all personnel that had their hands bloodied in the last hour.” 
She then walked onto the bridge and said, “Jimmy I need to know it anyone else on this ship had their hands bloodied in the last hour.”  
Jimmy turned and said, “One of the globe pilots crashed in bay 7 thirty minutes ago.  His weapons master said he just started punching the instrument panel until they sedated him.  Also one of the Ensigns in Engineering went nuts about the same time.”  Looking at her bandaged hands he asked, “Were we attacked with some kind of mental weapon?” 
Looking him straight in the eye Sissy said, “No, it's my fault, I lost my temper and was in a killing rage in the gym.” 
With fear in his voice CAPT Jimmy Fink replied, “You'll have their names and medical status within the hour ma'am.” 
As Sissy entered her office and sat down Albert brought her a drink and said, “Ma'am, I apologize.  Frederick told me you were special, but I didn't realize how so.  Here is a list of hand injuries Mabel just got.” 
As she looked down the list there were 56 pilots, 19 weapons masters, 1 cook, and 2 engineers.  All were LTJG or lower and Petty Officer Third Class or lower.  “Anything from Cube 29 on Captain Seven?”, she asked.  
“No ma'am,” replied Mabel, “according to the board half their systems are down.” 
“Admiral Medina,” said Mabel, “I just received a signal from Troop 03.”  39th Space Marine Company will be on station in one hour.  No Blue Falcons here!  “What does that blue falcon comment mean?”  
Sissy then said, “Call a ship Captains meeting for 1900 this evening, and send the movement order effective 1200 hours tomorrow.”  
* * *


Start

Sissy sat in front of the computer console and looked at the faces of all eighteen Captains.  She was thinking Captain Seven looks like he went through a wringer.  “First I want to apologize for injuring 78 members of your crews.  
“Now that the troop ship is here, we will proceed tomorrow at noon.  We will follow the original plan, but be prepared for change as circumstances develop.  Can anyone think of any changes that need to be made to the plan before we implement start?” 
Captain Justin replied, “My navigators took it upon themselves to study the empire through visual optics and radio while off shift.  Those guys brought a telescope.  Anyway they noticed two star systems near the center that had a higher than usual amount of traffic.  I suggest that we send one ship to seed nova missiles near those stars.” 
Sissy scratched her chin and asked, “Did they suggest how we penetrate that deep into their empire without being detected?”  
Justin replied, “They thought we might use the Qdr, but then I pointed out that we had a prohibition against using it except in emergencies.  Then they suggested launching them on ballistic trajectories from the nearest ship during the surveillance phase of the operation.  It would only take 16 years at ½ light speed.”  
Sissy said, “I'm adding that to #9.  If the marines gather intelligence implicating those 2 star systems, they will be added as primary targets to #13 & #14.  Any thing else?”  
After no more suggestions Sissy said, “I'm transmitting the updated RFBP now.  

Revenge Fleet Battle Plan (RFBP) /updates/ 

1. Travel to star 30438 using Qdr. 
2. 30 days globe training /cut short/ 
3. Edge of enemy star empire 15 days (FTLD) on other side of 30438 
4. Disperse, survey & gather data (stealth)/ start day 17/ 24 hour per star system/ 
5. Rendezvous 30438 
6. plan on which stars to make Nova 
7. seed 18 selected star systems with missiles /survey system quickly to determine if there is intelligent life – this will disqualify nova seeding/ 
8. Two Cubes enter enemy empire and bait enemy fleet to Nova ambush using gravity and FTLD. (use Qdr only in emergencies to save ship) 
9. Raid one enemy planet to gather data while 8 is being  implemented.  Attempt to determine capitol government planet and military targets. /Check for references to 2 star systems identified/ 
10. After 8 and 9 are complete Nova detonate 10 of selected stars. 
11. Regroup at 30438 & put out pickets every 50 Ly 
12. Destroy any enemy ships detected beyond Nova line and detonate 1 more star. 
13. If they launch a fleet [16 or more ships] Nova 1 star inside empire and intercept fleet.  
14.  If they launch more than one fleet, Nova 1 star in their empire for each 16 ship fleet detected and then intercept fleet.
* * *


Battle

Number 3 and 4 went off without a hitch.  Number 5 & 6 were dropped and 7 was implemented by survey ships.  
Cube 34 & 35 implemented number 8.  
Troop 03 reported completion of mission (number 9) and their communicator transmitted all data back to Sissy while retreating.  Their only problem was the natives, which resembled the one captured before.  They exhibited such unreasonable xenophobia that they attacked with whatever they could lay their hands on.  As soon as word spread on the planet, other cities were bombing our locations with no regard for local population.  Their local weapon of choice was fire bombs.  Reporting six casualties and two slightly damaged drop ships.  
Report from Cube 34:  Contact made, original 3 enemy patrol spacecraft joined by 18 more in less than 6 hours.  Proceeding to Nova star 4 and will detonate as we pass through system.  
Report from Cube 35:  Contact made, having to use combination of gravity and FTLD to avoid capture.  Two enemy spacecraft destroyed or disabled by other enemy spacecraft while trying to fire upon us.  Nova star 9 closest.  ETA 2 hours.  
Fleet commander to all ships. “Only set off Nova in star systems 2, 6, 10, 14, & 18.  Set other systems missiles for proximity detection and detonation of enemy spacecraft within five light minutes.  
“Cube 36, go ballistic on course to two star systems your navigators identified.  
“Troop 03, as soon as you clear their empire relocate to SFGSS.  
“SUP 01, I want you to mine both ends of the NOVA star chain with 1000 type 5 missiles over a 10 Ly field.  
“Cubes 32 & 33, go galactic north of Nova line and seed 20 more star systems. 
“Cubes 37 & 38, go galactic south of Nova line and seed 20 more star systems. 
“Remaining Cubes execute number 11.”  Then she put her head in her hands and thought, Commandant, we have new data and a situation here, the alien empire exhibits extreme xenophobia.  Send a resupply to us of all the type 4 & 5's you have available.  We may have to completely exterminate their civilization immediately.  Also any of the new Cubes that are available. 
A return thought from the Commandant immediately came in, We are in a shit-storm here.  There is a fleet of at least 20 enemy spacecraft roaming the Star Federation.  They hit and run.  Two of our colonies have been exterminated along with three Alliance colonies.  The only ships we have that have survived contact are the new Cubes because they have the firepower.  The SFGSS is split and the representatives have given the SFMDF cart blanch to exterminate the enemy civilization as a danger to civilization. 
Albert walked over and asked Sissy if she needed anything.  
She replied, “Send the following.  Enemy Fleet roaming and exterminating all planets they come in contact with.  
Change of orders.  
All of the enemy empire is now target.  Hit and run tactics. 
Hit identified military systems first, if possible, but don't pass up any high technology systems. 
Any space fleets identified, ambush by mining area with missiles then bait.  
No resupply possible at this time due to warfare in Star Federation.  Sup 01 stop mining operation.  
Troop 03, I need a planetary government for interrogation.  
Use of Qdr is now authorized.  
Cube 36: What is your 1st target system.  Cube 27 will take the second.  
Then she pressed the intercom button and said, “Captain Fink, start toward center of enemy empire using Qdr.  Albert will give you the first target in a few minutes.”  
An instant later the klaxon sounded and CAPT Fink announced over the intercom.  “Battle Stations.  Complete destruction of enemy empire is our objective!  Say your battle prayers now.” 
* * *


Cube 38

Final report by Captain Shawn McGee.  
We delivered 8 Nova missiles to the line before change of orders came in.  
In the five weeks since we've sent 61 of their star systems and 92 of their spacecraft to wherever they call their hell.  I'm down to two operational globes and are fighting at least 6 enemy spacecraft in this system. 
We have just launched the last 6 type 5 missiles.  We are out of type 4.  
I just ordered both globes to launch their Nova missiles into the star.  LT Gleason jumped his globe to two solar diameters and is launching now.  We will see you on the other side.
* * *


Supply 01

Summary of Reports transmitted before every jump:  
Week one:  Resupplied ten Cubes. 
Week two:  Resupplied six Cubes, slight damage by enemy scout ramming ship. 
Week three:  Resupplied 9 Cubes.  Rescued 8 globes from Cube 30.  Lost 2 due to enemy action and they took stars and enemy fleets with them. 
Week four:  Almost ambushed by enemy that destroyed Cube 33 after they arranged resupply point.  Resupplied 6 other cubes. 
Week five:  Resupplied 5 Cubes.  Rescued surviving globe from Cube 38.  Report Cube 28 & 40 destroyed. 
Week six:  Out of missiles after resupplying 2 Cubes.  Last seven globe commanders request we drop them in 7 systems and then head for SF space.  Have dropped 3 and have estimate 2 enemy spacecraft following.  Dropped another and he was hit just after he launched his Nova missile.  Hit while preparing to jump.  Lost FTLD.  Dropped another globe and engaged Qdr.  
Week seven: Dropped last globe and powered up Qdr.  Headed for SF space unless we receive further orders.  Navigator detected more than 20 Qdr signatures following.  Am altering course to known black hole.  Pilot thinks he can skirt the event horizon and hopes they can't.  Reengaging Qdr. 
* * *


Troop 03

Final report of Colonel Sims to Fleet Commander Medina & Commandant Mooney. 
We have sustained 80% personnel casualties and loss of 16 drop ships.  
We rescued one globe crew.  We put their Nova missile to good use.  
After detaining government personnel from 6 different planets we finally convinced one enemy to talk.  It has started repeating itself so here is the basic information. 
Species name:  Grrth 
Star Civilization: At least 9 thousand years old at this location in galaxy.  Prisoner seems to indicate that this isn't the first empire location.  It also does not know if there are other empires. 
Reason for attacking us:  It claims that they are running out of raw materials and the supreme government decided to move down the spiral arm.  {We just happen to be in the way.} 
Society:  Similar to ants or bees only more levels or cast.  It happened to be of one of the upper classes.  Lower classes are completely expendable.  
Enemy casualties:  They are in shambles.  Evidently we have destroyed their highest upper level classes {1, 2, and 3}.  Their telepathic link is their control over the lower classes.  This one was a star system controller.  It claims to be on level 4 of the 6 levels.  Distance of telepathic link unknown.  
Enemy spacecraft:  It had control over 50 war craft and another 50 cargo spacecraft {His level as a star system controller}.  That is not counting the higher levels fleets of ships or their military war craft.  
Our survival-ability:  Very limited.  We are now in full retreat.  Over a dozen enemy spacecraft are pursuing us.  It claims that only one of the spacecraft is his. {My opinion is that they are trying to rescue our prisoner.  I've ordered CAPT Parnell to head for one of the mined Nova Stars.  I plan to eject him in a damaged drop ship with the self-destruct set.}  
{No blue falcons here.  If my plan does not work we will sit in the next system until they come in to get us.  If it does work we are headed back in for another government group.  My navigator claims that there are 14 star systems he knows of one piece.} 
* * *


Cube 29

Sissy was sitting in the wreckage of her office.  They'd defeated the last group of enemy ships that they'd lured into a trap.  
CAPT Fink had informed her not fifteen minutes ago that only one globe was still operational.  The Qdr engine module had taken a hit and was trashed.  The chief engineer had informed him that they'd be lucky if they had a full jump left in the FTLD.  
She finished reading the printout from Col Sims.  Damn him she thought, what a waste of good marines, but he'd gotten results, and now they knew. 
With her head in her hands holding the SEAL communicator she tried to enter the pool because she couldn't contact any of her usual contacts.  
Red Warrior Queen came the thought, this is Tooth.  We are now damaged beyond repair and have only one option.  We have fought a good fight and I hope my children survive to remember me. 
Red Warrior Queen this is Eight.  We rendezvoused with Cube 34 and salvaged one of their globes and saved 12 survivors.  I now have 3 operational globes, but no missiles.  Where should we rendezvous?  
Sissy thought back, Rendezvous at Nova star 1 and be prepared to jump immediately if you are followed.  We will jump directly into the area mined by the supply ship before I had to change plans.  My ships chief engineer says he may be able to hold the FTLD together for one more jump.  
“Albert,” she called, “I've got a task for you.” 
“Yes ma'am,” he said. 
“Get with Mabel and Jamie and figure out what resources the fleet still has and their locations.” 
As she was getting up a strange voice said in her mind, I am Flying Fish.  My fathers brothers brother was known to you as Tooth.  We have defeated the enemy fleet in Star Federation space.  We have 4 of the cube war ships left that can come to your aid.  The one factory still making missiles will have us rearmed in 7 days.  You need to think for Sea Flower, Sissy Tooth, Mooney Squid, Red Swimmer and Ironstone Swimmer.  They are all in positions for communication.  You may call me Fish.  I am the communications officer of Cube 51. 
Sissy slumped back into her seat and thought, Thank you for the update, however even with your 4 ships we cannot completely defeat the enemy.  Inform the government of that fact.  We must build an immense fleet and return to finish the destruction quickly.  
Then she jumped up and rushed onto the bridge.  “CAPT Fink, take us into the middle of the area mined by the supply ship near Nova star 1.  We can gather some of those missiles to rearm.” 
Back in her office she concentrated on calling Sea Flower, Sissy Tooth, Mooney Squid, Red Swimmer and Ironstone Swimmer.  
Immediately all four answered, Yes Red Warrior Queen.  We are delighted to hear from you.  
Did Fish tell you what I told him? 
Yes, we are so sad to hear that you will die. 
Instantly in a flash of anger Sissy thought back, I'm not dead yet, and not beaten completely.  So sorry, I hope I didn't hurt you. 
Ironstone Swimmer replied, you are very strong yet, I think we didn't understand you before.  
The enemy call themselves the Grrth and are mildly telepathic.  We have wiped out the top three levels of their leaders, however there must be hundreds of level 4 leaders left.  They have no regard for the lives of those under them or any other intelligent life.  They use up their stars resources and then move to a new area.  We just happen to be in their way, thought Sissy, and I don't intend to let them move into our Space Federation.  Our only option is to remove all the leadership and reduce their technology to a planet bound level. 
We understand now.  We will tell everyone what the Red Warrior Queen says.  Is there anything we can do to help? 
Sissy thought furiously for a few seconds wondering if it was worth sending a resupply ship.  Then she thought, I hope my supply ship made it back,  I could use resupply of missiles and Nova missiles.  Let me know if it is possible.  
Yes Red Warrior Queen, came their reply, and they were gone. 
Albert walked over slowly with his shoulders slumped.  “Here is the results ma'am.” 
Looking at him Sissy said, “Cheer up a little, we aren't beat yet.  I just got bad and good news from the Federation.  In fact I could use a tall glass of tea if you can manage it.”  Then she started reading down the list. 

7 Cubes operational & 13 globes - operational 
8 cubes - destroyed 
2 cubes along with 9 globes - status unknown 
supply and troop ships - status unknown 
missiles type 4 - 0 
missiles type 5 – 0 
Nova missiles – 0 

“Thanks for the tea Albert,” Sissy commented, “We can fix one of the problems on this list.  Send out a signal to operational ships reminding them that a portion of space was mined with type 5 missiles.  The captains will know where so don't send any coordinates.  One transmission received from the supply ship hints that the Grrth have started intercepting our communications.” 
Twenty days later the klaxon sounded and the XO announced, “One hour to destination.  We have two enemy signatures behind us.  Everyone into suits.  All air will be evacuated from the ship except for the airlocks.  If they are enemy ships we will blow the airlocks to simulate structural failure.  The weapons master hopes that it will give any missiles in the area time to target the enemy ships.”  
Sissy looked at Albert an then said, “Well, that's one trick I didn't think of.” 
Albert replied, “A historian in the crew thought that one up and what the XO didn't say was that there is several hundred mass of junk in the airlocks.  It will be blown out by the air and look like parts of the ship.  The pilot has also been instructed to put the ship in a slow tumble so wherever the enemy is, a laser pod can come to bear.”  
As the ship dropped out of FTLD, two ships appeared nearby.  One immediately fired upon the other because it was Cube 41.  After destroying the enemy spacecraft Alfonzo got on the radio and called. 
“CAPT Fink, sorry about the deception, but we're using a Grrth drive salvaged from one of the ships we destroyed.  It works just fine.  We'll help you install this one that just became available.” 
CAPT Fink replied by radio with, “Alfonzo, you are an ass, but thanks for the help.  As soon as we clear the main cargo airlock our engineering crew will be out.” 
“Jimmy, how much structural damage have you got.  The junk floating away from your ship looks bad, or is that a new deception?” 
“Well, we are now short a few inoperable pieces of equipment, wall panels, and stuff that our casualties won't need.” replied CAPT Fink.  “Your ship looks a little funny toward the stern.  Alfonzo, did you also steal part of the enemy ship, like the weapons.” 
“I wouldn't exactly say steal, they were just floating around so I picked them up.” 
Sissy thought I need this like a hangnail, and then broke in and said, “This patting each other on the back can go on for hours.  We need repair parts for our FTLD and several thousand missiles gathered up from this area to rearm.  If you boys can get that started I'll buy the iced tea in my office in half an hour.” 
“Yes ma'am,” they both said in unison.  
“CAPT Fink, can you tractor some of the junk over around your ship, as soon as the main cargo lock is clear I'll position mine cross-ways so it looks like a wreck.  I'm launching my 4 globes to go search for missiles now.” 
As Jimmy and Alfonzo entered Sissy's office Albert said, “If you upset her I'll pull your tongues out.” 
Sissy replied, “Albert, sit down and relax.  I can pull their tongues out without your assistance.  Now Alfonzo, why haven't you checked in with a status for the last two weeks, and don't tell me you were hiding from the enemy.” 
“Ma'am,” Alfonzo replied, “I was hiding from them and had my crew rebuilding the ship.  Also I salvaged computers from two of their ships.  There was some very interesting data on them.  Such as recognition codes, communications protocols, and a program to intercept and translate our communications.  Also references to a few of our gravity drive ships.  I don't think they realized we had FTLD.  Then there was a reference to two species exterminated early because they had achieved star travel, a race that can only be the Avians with a proposed extermination date along with a list of 10 human planets and 4 Kerth planets.  No mention of the SEALS, Gobbler, or Goshen.  There is also a reference to an unknown species down the spiral arm that was to be monitored.  They were just achieving space flight when discovered.” 
Sissy felt pained, and then commented, “Not bad for a two week vacation.  Now did their computers just happen to have a fleet self-destruct code?”  
“No ma'am, If it had I'd have used it on them.” 
“Now Jimmy,” she said, “Do you think you can get this piece of junk war ready in a reasonable length of time?” 
CAPT Fink nodded, then said, “A two week vacation sounds nice, but the master engineer says he can have the FTLD rebuilt in a week.  Al says he can gather a few thousand missiles in a week.  Then we can stop by a few of the Nova stars and pick up their missiles.  
“Our navigators claim that this area has been visited within the last few days by FTLD spacecraft.  We may have to range a little further to resupply our missiles. 
“Another point not mentioned by Alfonzo, the Grrth drive attracts missiles even with the ID transponder working.  That is going to require a change in tactics.  The weapons master detected 207 missiles activating when they dropped in.  They went inactive again when he cut off his drive.” 
“Well you two get your weapons masters work out the tactics and a way for us use the missiles while underway.  I don't want any missiles blowing up in the tubes or as soon as we launch them, nor do I want to have to dodge my own missiles.  Finish your tea then get to work boys.” 
Albert walked over and said in a shaky voice, “I hate to have to inform you ma'am, but we lost contact with Cube 32.  One of their globes escaped and is 3 Ly away broadcasting a distress beacon.  The weapons master stopped communications from replying and said we could intercept them five days with our globe.  The weapons master claims that they could not travel at that distance from the Nova star in the length of time we've been here.  He thinks it's a decoy and a trap.”  
Sissy looked at Alfonzo and said, “CAPT Lane, you might have two of your four globes gather some missiles and place them parallel to the trajectory of the signal.  If it is a Grrth ship it will come through this area at just under .6 light speed so its quantum field will clear a path.  Maybe we can teach them a lesson.” 
* * *


Teaching a lesson

CAPT Lane's globes placed 20 missiles in a 1/3rd Ly cylinder formation along the projected path of the distress signal.  They started activating as soon as the signal passed their position.  
The Grrth drive was neutralized by weapon 1 aboard several missiles as they got within range.  Shortly after that the missiles went inactive.  That told the weapons masters that there was a ID transponder on the spacecraft.  
The Cube 41 weapons master wanted to just use the quantum beam weapon to slice the spacecraft as it passed ¼ Ly distant.  Sissy's weapon master then asked him, are you absolutely positive it's Grrth and not one of ours that has a Grrth drive. 
Sissy solved the problem by ordering one of the globes to get a visual, or if they were fired upon fire back.  That would identify the unknown spacecraft.  Then we shall know how to proceed. 
CAPT Fink had the globe launched on a ballistic course to come up behind the unidentified spacecraft just after it passed their position.  The ship fired on the globe. 
Alfonzo's weapon master instantly fired all his weapons at the ship because it had identified itself as hostile.  The combination of the quantum energy beams and Belt laser beams made quick work of the spacecraft even at 3/4th of an AU. 
Then communications announced the bad news, “They got a signal off, however I did get their ship code.  Maybe we can use that code as bait if anyone comes looking.”  
A few hours later Albert announced that Cube 37 was in the area and requested positive ID from us because our ships didn't register true. 
Sissy told Albert, “Tell her the coffee is on, the two wrecks she has on her optics are hybrids.  Locate her position before sending that and make sure it's her.” 
After a few minutes Albert returned and said, “Our weapons master spotted her on a ballistic course about a Ly out.  There is one globe signal approximately 1 AU to her side.  Rendezvous possible in 40 hours if she doesn't change course.” 
Sissy then said, “Send this, The coffee will be cold in 40 hours.  Need some cream for the Red Queen.” 
CAPT Fink stuck his head in the door and said, “The weapons master just announced that she went FTLD and destination unknown.  However the globe is still headed this way under full SEAL drive and appears to be accompanied by many small objects, probably missiles. 
Two hours later after the globe arrived Cube 37 appeared a short distance off.  The automatic alarms went off.  Alfonzo's weapons master was standing in the office with everyone else and started laughing as Sissy immediately reached over on her computer panel and canceled the alert. 
Looking at him Sissy said, “So you think that looks funny, have you taken a good look at your ship.”  Then she called communications and told them to connect her directly to the bridge of Cube 37 and 42. 
Communications announced, “Contact established.” 
Sissy then said, “Welcome to the junk yard Jane.  How many survivors aboard 42?” 
A different voice came over the radio, “This is LT Johanna Stroke, acting XO of 42.  We have 19 survivors.  We also need medical aid for 6 of those.  Can you assist.” 
Sissy keyed another switch, “Medical alert, Cube 42 needs medical teams immediately.” 
Then she asked, “What's wrong with CAPT Garner?” 
Johanna answered, “In our last battle, she was thrown across the bridge hard enough to put cracks in her hard suit.  She's been unconscious for the last six days.” 
“What's left of your ship looks like Swiss cheese, give me a quick report.” demanded Sissy.  
Johanna started, “We had seeded a system with type 4's and returned baiting 3 enemy spacecraft.  As we dropped out of FTLD an extra enemy ship came from behind the planets moon and caught us in a crossfire.  We destroyed all four, but they managed to get a few good shots.  We lost the Qdr, FLTD engine room, gravity drive engine room, the last ½ of the ship, and our last 3 globes.”  
“What armament do you still have operational?” asked CAPT Fink. 
“One Belt laser module and six type 4 missiles.” Johanna answered. 
CAPT Fink then said, “We can accommodate all of your personnel if you decide to abandon ship captain.” 
Johanna then said, “I was the master engineer.  I'll get the crew to start salvaging operational components now.  If you will contact your master engineer we can coordinate.” 
Sissy then turned to Alfonzo and said, “Get you master engineer involved also, we may be able to get three operational war ships out of this mess.” 
Then she said, “Jimmy, as soon as she comes aboard I want to see her here.  Also I want an immediate medical report of CAPT Garner.”  “You all get busy and out of my hair for awhile.”  
As soon as her office emptied out she told Albert and the remainder of her staff to get out also.  Putting her hands over her face she contemplated the known status of her fleet.  They had possession of two of the enemy drives, computers, and a few of their weapons.  She had three barely operational ships and six globes.  She felt like a planet had been dropped on her head.  Decisions, decisions, she then thought Flying Fish. 
Almost immediately the reply came, Yes Red Warrior Queen. 
Who is closest to the Star Federation military commander, I need to contact him, she thought. 
Sea Flower came his reply. 
Thanks she returned, then concentrating Sea Flower I need to talk to the Star Federation military commander. 
Sea Flower immediately answered with I am in her presence now. 
Sissy then thought I need to report to her, what is her name?  
Her name is Elizabeth Yanez and she is known as Yanez, came Sea Flower's reply. 
Yanez, can you receive me, thought Sissy. 
Yes, replied Yanez.  However communicating this way gives me a terrible headache.  I'll listen, but send the report to Sea Flower. 
Sissy thought, Sea Flower and Yanez, here is the situation here, I have 3 barely operational ships and six globes, out of missiles unless I gather those I used to mine several sectors of space, and more casualties than I want to think about.  We have captured 2 Grrth drives systems, a few of their computers, and energy weapons systems.  I am going to send one ship back with the computers and weapons.  The energy beam weapon is slightly better than ours.  I estimate that we've destroyed ½ their star systems and hundreds of their war ships, but their remaining resources are unknown at this time.  I'll take my remaining 2 ships and the globes in and do what ever more damage I can manage. 
No! came the thought from Yanez, You will bring your ships back to SF space and report to me in person.  That's an order Fleet Commander. 
Yes ma'am thought Sissy.  Then she called Jimmy in, “Inform Captains Donuts and Lane that they have 8 hours to secure their ships for a long jump.  Inform Captain Stoke she has 4 hours to prepare her ship as bait.  When we depart I want the emergency beacon left on and a type 5 missile inside.  Also tell her to pull all computer memory, but leave a short range radio message stating we are ordered home.  
* * *


Return

Eight hours later they used the FTLD to leave the area and rendezvoused at 30438.  After checking the area they went Qdr with the destination SFMDF HQ.  
After 2 hours travel Sissy retired to her office.  She felt a wave of relief at leaving the enemy war zone.  Leaning back in relief she thought Sea Flower and Yanez, can you read me. 
As she got a reply she then thought, We will be in SF space in a few hours and ETA to SFMDF HQ is 47 hours and 40 minutes.  Are there any defense positions we need to avoid because two of the ships are powered by salvaged enemy drive units. 
I'll get back to you, thought Yanez. 
Sea Flower to Red Warrior Queen came the thought, I have new information for you.  SFMDF HQ is now at 87937.  Do not use enemy Qdr any closer than 50 Ly.  There are new Qdr missiles defending the area. 
Thanks, thought Sissy. 
“Albert,” called Sissy, “I need you to do your thing and contact the other two ships immediately and give them an order to drop from Qdr in one hour.  I need to see them here.” 
An hour later facing all three captains Sissy announced, “We have a dangerous situation developing.  I was just informed by SFMDF that they have deployed a Qdr missile and we cannot approach within 50 Ly without being automatically targeted because we are using enemy drives.  Also they've changed location. 
“You know how the missiles we set out drifted.  What I don't know is exactly were they mined the new missiles.  I think we will be safe using the Qdr for another 33 hours.  That will leave us about 92 Ly years out.  However, if your crew detects any Qdr signature immediately drop out of Qdr and change course and go to full alert to defend your ship.  From there we will proceed using FTLD. 
“Any questions, objections, or suggestions.” 
None of the Captains had any suggestions.  They agreed and told Sissy that they would be on high alert when they reentered Qdr.  Then  Jimmy said, “This is going to be a ticklish trip.  I'm going to have double bridge crew, all with abort buttons active.  Ma'am, I suggest that you transfer to Cube 37 and ride in with Jane.” 
Bristling Sissy jumped up and leaned over Jimmy and said, “You would have me abandon my flagship!” 
“Yes ma'am, I would feel better knowing you are safer.  The Star Federation needs you more that me or my crew.” replied Jimmy. 
Sissy sat down and then said, “I guess that all of you probably agree, but I don't and that is that.  Jimmy if you don't trust your crew with my life then relieve them and put some replacements from the engine room on the bridge.  Do I make myself clear.” 
“Yes ma'am,” replied Jimmy, “I'll also pass on your sentiments to the bridge crew and promise them if they fail you I'll haunt them wherever they end up for eternity.” 
Sissy then said, “OK get back to your post and we'll go Qdr in thirty minutes.” 
Thirty-one hours and six minutes later Sissy heard “contact” yelled over the intercom.  She could feel the second they dropped below .8 light speed and returned to somewhat normal space.  Then she felt something she hoped she'd never feel again.  Gravity drive running at at-least 200% recommended power levels.  Everything in the office vibrated for about half a minute and then there was the stomach twisting lurch from activating the FTLD while the gravity drive field was still collapsing.  That was something else she hoped never to experience again as she threw up everything she'd eaten recently.  She tried to get up and hit the floor.  Looking around she saw her leg in the corner.  Dragging herself across the floor she grabbed it and jammed it on her stump and fastened the fasteners. 
Getting to her feet she stomped onto the bridge to see two weapons masters concentrating on their boards so intently that they didn't even notice they'd thrown-up on themselves.  Their hands moving rapidly tracking something and hitting the firing button intermittently. 
The XO was laying against one wall, evidently he must have been moving when the maneuvers started, ignored and bleeding,.  
The pilots were sitting with their hands over the FTLD jump buttons waiting for a command from someone.  Then one of the weapons masters said jump and both slammed their hands down on their buttons, and started talking to each other and programming in their next jump. 
Sissy reached over to the bridge officers position intercom, “Medical team to the bridge, XO has a head injury.”  
Then she asked, “Anyone else need medical attention, or just someone to clean up your station.” 
One of the navigators yelled, “We're clear, SFMDF just self-destructed missile.” 
Then one of the weapons masters replied, “We'll be clear when we're docked.  Call for the relief crew and someone call for the medics, the XO hit my station and bounced, haven't heard him say anything since.” 
Sissy slipped into the bridge officers seat, put on the headset and replied, “Medics have already been called.” 
The navigator came back with, “Ma'am when did you get here.” 
Flipping the bridge all switch she replied, “I got in here right after you boys and girls threw me across my cabin.  I'm glad to find out you were doing your jobs.” 
There were several apologies, but no one looked around. 
Sissy then keyed the engineering section and said, “Report.” 
Engineer Wilson here ma'am, “Chief engineer injured, being treated, Qdr OK, FTLD OK, Gravity drive being repaired, should be operational in ah 20 minutes, no hull ruptures on instruments, cargo bay reports some damage.  Commander, please tell those guys up there they lied to us, it wasn't as bad as they said it would be.  Can we re-install the safeties now or should we wait.” 
Sissy replied, “When the Captain and XO are functional again I'll have them let you know.” 
“Pilot,” Sissy then said, “don't go over 125% power on the gravity drive again unless we are targeted between missiles.” 
One pilot replied, “Yes ma'am, chief engineer told us we could use up to 208% power provided we didn't hold it for more than 63 seconds.” 
“Until the chief engineer is released by the medics and the gravity drive is completely checked out don't go over 125%, is that understood.” 
“Yes ma'am,” both pilots replied. 
Then she said, “A gravity drive has over a hundred-thousand mega-tons worth of energy twisted into a knot the size of your fist at 125% power.  For your information only, guess what we were using as a warhead in those Nova missiles.  A globe gravity drive with all safeties removed.  That classified information is to go no further.” 
Jimmie walked onto the bridge with his arm in a cast and looked around.  Looking at Sissy he asked, “Where is my XO.” 
“Medics diagnose him with a head injury,” replied Sissy. 
Then Jimmy said loud enough for all the bridge to hear, “If any of these amateurs disturbed you I'll have them hung up by the toenails.” 
Sissy then flipped a couple of keys and when the tel-tail lit she said, “Albert, please bring me a glass of tea to the bridge, I spilled my last one.” 
Jimmy looked a little green as he looked at her, and smiled as they heard several of the bridge crew loose what they had left on their stomachs.  Then he started laughing.  Bowing slightly he said, “Red Warrior Queen, you live up to your reputation, and when I tell this story it will need no enhancement.” 
Albert even looked green as he staggered over and handed Sissy her tea.  Then he said, “Sorry ma'am, it will take awhile for me to clean up my mess in your office.” 
Jimmy said, “Albert, I can get you some help if you need it.” 
“No Sir, but if you can keep her busy for awhile I would appreciate it.” 
“Don't worry about it Albert.” Sissy said, “I intend on doing a compartment by compartment inspection of the Captains ship, unless he has some objection.” 
Then Sissy got up and said, “Captain, you have the bridge.  I am relieved.”  Then she circled the bridge squeezing each crew members shoulder and saying, “Good job!”  Then she walked out. 
Half an hour later she walked into the officers mess and looked around.  The stewards were still busy cleaning up and one was even wiping down the the ceiling.  As soon as he noticed her she asked, “Was anyone hurt in here?” 
“No ma'am,” he replied, “but they did make a mess.” 
“Well page me when you have a meal prepared.” she said over her shoulder as she walked out the door. 
Stopping outside the door she heard someone say, “If she can eat after that Albert has was lying to us when he claimed everything had to be perfect because she had a delicate stomach.”  She was still chuckling when she entered the next compartment which was empty. 
Later when she entered the Engineering compartment everyone was so busy no one noticed her.  She was turning to leave when the Chief Engineer walked in and stopped dead in his tracks.  As he was opening his mouth she held up a finger to her lips and pointed outside, and followed him into the corridor.  There she said, “Let them work, I told the pilots not to go above 125% power on the gravity drive until you had a chance to completely check out the engine.  You may tell your crew that I am proud of them.”  Then she turned and headed toward the cargo bay. 
Stopping just inside the hatch she looked at the pile of what used to be good repair parts and exclaimed, “I guess this is coming out of my paycheck.” From behind the pile the Cargo Master popped up and after taking one look hollered, “Fleet Commander on deck!” 
“As you were,” yelled Sissy back and then started over toward the Chief Cargo Master.  “Any injuries during maneuvers or just junk damage?” 
“This stuff wasn't junk until the bulkhead buckled.  No major injuries, just a few sprains and bruises.  My boys know how to dodge flying junk.” he said. 
“Well tell them I'm proud of the good job they've done, and I'll get out of your area and let you get back to work Chief.”  With that Sissy turned on her good heel and went through the hatch and headed further back toward the rear weapons pods. 
Several hours later as she was leaving the last weapons pod, a mess steward caught up to her and said, “Dinner is ready in the Officers Mess ma'am.  The Master Chef sends an apology for taking so long.” 
“Tell him no problem,” Sissy said, “I was busy touring the ship.” 
After eating and complementing the dining stewards she went back to her office and found Albert sitting dejected in a chair.  She looked at him and commented, “Well I toured the ship and thanked the crew for the good jobs they've done.  I even finally ate a solo meal in the officers mess, and I think I may have gotten you in trouble because they found out that I don't have a delicate stomach.”  
His head jerked up and then exclaimed, “So that's it!  No wonder they gave me such a run around when I went in and ordered your dinner.  The master chef said all they could handle tonight was some soup made from left-overs.  What did you have?” 
Sissy chuckled and answered, “The steak was to perfection and I didn't even need my knife, I don't know where they got asparagus, but it tasted fresh, and the dessert was delicious and fattening.  They even brought in an extra cushion for my chair and excellent coffee after dessert.  
“From the look they gave me when I walked in earlier today, I think they either expected a privileged bitch or a cripple.  
“Thanks for cleaning up my mess in here Albert, I lost my breakfast.  Last time I went through something like that I had to clean up my own cabin. 
“I will say one thing though, CAPT Fink has a helluva good crew.” 
“Yes ma'am.” replied Albert. 
“Albert, you've done an excellent job also.” said Sissy, “Now I could use another cup of coffee and then take the rest of the evening off.  I'll be on the bridge.” 
As she entered the bridge she saw Jimmy slumped in the command chair.  Looking at him she said, “Captain, you are relieved, get something to eat and take a break.  By the way how is the XO?” 
Concussion and broken neck,” replied Jimmy, “I'll be back after grabbing a snack.”  With that he staggered off the bridge.  
Sissy picked up the headset and called the officers mess.  “The Captain will either be in or call for a snack, give him a full meal, my orders understood.”  
The mess steward answered, “Yes ma'am.” 
Then she called the medical bay and told them that the Captain was exhausted and needed to be ordered to bed or sedated for several hours.  The medic on the other end said something to someone and then the Chief Medical Officer came on the intercom and said, “No one, not even someone on the bridge orders my medics to give treatment to anyone, is that understood.” 
Sissy then calmly said, “This is Fleet Commander Medina and I watched the Captain stagger off the bridge on the verge of collapse.  You may either locate him in his cabin or the officers mess.  If he doesn't get some rest, I shall be relieving him of duty, along with several other officers.  I'll not have my officers working themselves to death trying to keep this wreck operational.  By the way what is the XO's prognosis?  Will he make it 60 days to port?” 
“No ma'am,” replied the Chief, “If he isn't operated on in the next 24 hours he'll never walk again and will probably die.” 
Sissy broke the connection and called the commo position and said, “I've ordered the captain to rest, I'm probably going to nod off myself.  If I do then it is your responsibility to signal me if anything happens out of the ordinary.  Am I clear.” 
“Yes Sir,” she snapped. 
Sissy closed her eyes and thought, Sea Flower, I need some assistance. 
After a moment she felt the mental contact and got an answer. 
Then she thought, I need a medical team capable of operating on a severe head injury within the next 24 hours.  It is my XO and I have other injured crew.  My ships medical facilities are limited. 
Red Warrior Queen, I'll divert a ship to pick them up immediately. 

Red Warrior Queen, came a thought, Yanez wants you back here immediately, and said for you to get on the medical ship also.  They will be leaving a flight officer in exchange for the XO.  Rendezvous in one hour.  Out. 
Sissy keyed the bridge intercom and said, “We will be rendezvousing with a medical ship in one hour.  Communication inform medical to prepare the injuries for transport.  Navigation, be alert and coordinate rendezvous.  Weapons Master, don't shoot them down.  Pilot, do your thing.” 
Then she called Albert and he appeared at her side with a fresh cup of coffee, Albert she said, “I've been ordered to get aboard the medical ship so I need you to pack me a bag.  Sorry, you can't go with me this time, but you'll catch up.  Take care of CAPT Fink like you do me, OK.” 
With a downcast look he said, “Yes ma'am.” 
Then the medical tel-tale lit up and Sissy answered it.  “The Captain is sedated for the next six to eight hours ma'am.” said the Chief Medical Officer.  The casualties will be prepared for movement within the hour.  Now about you, I'll be on the bridge to check you shortly.” and he broke the connection. 
Sissy laughed loud enough that the pilot and comm positions flashed her and asked if anything was wrong. 
She replied, “The Chief Medical Officer will be up here shortly to check me to see if I am OK to command the ship.  I've been ordered to board the medical ship for immediate transport to HQ.  Who wants to start the rumor that we will have a strange flight officer in command of the ship in an hour.” 
She heard several chuckles over the bridge intercom and then the navigator announced, “Picking up a large Qdr signature dead ahead, ETA 30 minutes.  Doppler shift indicates it is moving twice as fast as any we've come across before.  
Then she said, “They've veered off by 30 degrees and decelerating.  My God, their putting out an energy signature that would shame a brown dwarf.” 
Thirty two minutes later a thought came to Sissy requesting they drop out of FTLD.  As soon as they dropped back into normal space a voice came across the radio requesting docking permission. 
When commo acknowledge they answered, “Rendezvous to dock five minutes.” 
“Inform medical bay.” said Sissy.  
“Damn, you've taken a beating, do you need engineering assistance also,” was the next transmission received. 
Sissy signaled commo to patch her through to the radio, “No, not unless you have an extra Qdr that won't attract missiles, we are using one salvaged from an enemy ship.” 
“If you will remain at this location the Munched will pick up your ship in 9 hours, will that help?” stated the voice. 
When Sissy answered, “Yes.” 
The voice asked, “Am I talking to the Red Warrior Queen?” 
“Yes,” Sissy answered, “and whom am I talking to?” 
“It is my greatest pleasure to flip my flippers in greeting the Red Warrior Queen, this is Red Swimmer commanding SFMDF warship Red Swimmer.” the voice answered.”  Then the thought came to Sissy, Please come to my bridge as soon as you come over.  
Sissy replied, “As soon as I am relieved by your flight officer.” I shall be delighted to. 
A SEAL and a human flight officers reported to the bridge five minutes later and announced that they were replacements for the XO. 
Sissy introduced them to the bridge crew and then said, “You have the bridge.  CAPT Fink might be upset about having two XO's.  I had the medical officer sedate him so he could get some rest.” 
Then she got up and headed for the Red Swimmer.  As she went out the bridge hatch she heard one of the officers telling the Weapons Master that 3 fighters would remain to safeguard the Red Warrior Queen's warship.  
Five hours later Sissy was standing outside the door to Commandant Yanez office.  Sadly she wished Commandant Mooney was the person on the other side of the door that she had to report to.  
As she walked through the door a tired looking woman stood up and said, “I'm Elizabeth Yanez.  Thank God you're back.  I need a ton of help!”  
As they sat down Sissy said, “I'm sorry to hear about your husband and son.”  
Elizabeth said, “They saved the SFGSS and HoM system.  I was bumped to HoM Commander, and then here in less than two months.  If it wasn't for the SEALS, those sneaky little flippers, our bacon would have been cooked. 
“They built five warships to protect their system.  When the Grrth attacked and they lost one they offered us the next three. 
“Together with the new cubes we managed to destroy the Grrth fleet, but the cost was very high. 
“On top of that they built a recovery ship that can pick up and haul anything we have in space.  They used it to move the SFGSS here in one trip.  
“They wanted to send all their ships to you when they found out that you were in trouble and CAPT Tooth died.  They think you walk on water, air, and probably even empty space.  That's why I ordered you back even though it will probably give the Grrth a chance to rebuild their military. 
* * *


Briefing

“Sea Flower come in and brief the Red Warrior Queen on SEAL status,” said Commandant Yanez into her intercom. 
“As you may know Tiffany was a mistake, she was with Rita when she met a Gobbler envoy and then we were told she and Rita both rated high with the talent.  After being assigned temporary duty on the Warfish she was assigned liaison duty on the SEAL home world.  There she developed a passion for swimming.  
“One morning she was swimming and was attacked by one of our sea's most deadly predators.  This animal resembles your earths octopus and it injects a deadly venom while holding it's prey.  She was rescued.  The predator was still attached to her leg, but dead.  She was expected to die, so the proper ceremonies were performed and the wait started.  However the doctors were surprised when her leg began to heal and then she awoke.  
“The doctors examined her thoroughly and question her.  Then they went back to the public data that we'd received when the Alliance and Star Federation joined. 
“There is where we found the information about the nanobots.  It was modified and applied to our medical field.  After that we lost no more citizens to those predators  
“Before the war started one of our scientist looked again at the nanobots and modified them to mine metals.  One advance led to another until a series of nanobots was designed to build the different components we used in our society.  Finally these nanobots were combined to build spacecraft.  
“When the war started a program was started to build system defense warships.  They were successful.  Each series of nanobots are combined in a package and dumped on a large metallic asteroid.  It takes about 100 days for the basic frame, hull, and engines of our warships to grow.  
“Then the specialist move in and install the other components that have been grown in other places.  
“Our biggest problem is we can produce warships faster than we can train crews, not to mention the fact that we will run out of trainable people soon.  
“The government gave 3 warships to the SFMDF.  We have fifty more without crews hidden.  
“We have one set aside for you named The Red Warrior Queen.”  
“What a story, and all from just Kimberly's passion from swimming.” exclaimed Sissy.  “I guess the SEALS developed the Qdr missile also.”  
Yanez replied, “No, that was actually developed by a combined crew of Gobbler and Human engineers on a warship after the Grrth fleet escaped during one battle.  They salvaged the drives from the surrounding wrecks and built three from type 5 missiles.  They were ugly but extremely effective.  
“When part of the Grrth fleet returned two of them were the first targets.  They didn't escape.  
“We've got the size down to where it will fit a standard launch tube although they are half again as long.”  
Sissy asked, “Are there any more surprises in store for me?” 
Elizabeth pushed a button on her desk,stood up, and said, “Gentlemen, would you please com in.” 
A Human, a SEAL, and a Gobbler entered and stopped in front of Sissy and announced,  “By the authority of the Star Federation Government effective 14224 05 23, Vice Admiral Sissy Medina is promoted to Admiral and offered the position of Commandant of all Star Federation Military Defense forces.”  Then they handed her a placard, shook her hand, bowed and left.  
Elizabeth and Sea Flower sat down and Elizabeth said, “Well, now you really out rank me.  I've held this position as a mere Rear Admiral.  Sissy get spruced up, tomorrow the ceremonies start.  
“The three surviving ships of your fleet will be docked and the crews on hand late tonight.  They will also be present for your promotion ceremony.  
“Every member of your Fleet will automatically promoted one grade and then assigned out to the ships the SEALS have for us. 
“I know what you had planned for the Grrth, but the Federation assembly by 100% vote has ordered the complete extermination of the Grrth species.  
“Day after tomorrow I'll see you here again.  Sea Flower will be your guide til then.” 
* * *


Speech

When Sissy awoke the next morning Albert had her coffee prepared and set it on the table as she entered the kitchen.  
“Can't get away from you more than one day, can I.” she quipped. 
Albert just smiled and said, “Someone has to take care of you.  I just got stuck with the job.  Sea Flower will be here shortly with your new uniform and today's schedule. 
“I notified Col Sims and CAPT Garner as soon as I heard you moving around and they will be here to join you for breakfast.  
“The XO is expected to make a full recovery and should be back on duty in two months.” 
As soon as the three finished eating Col Sims started, “I am writing up all the members of the 39th,  I would appreciate your endorsement.” 
CPT Garner then said, “I am doing the same, however I would like a special favor.  LT Stroke did a superb job far beyond anything expected.  I would like her promoted, and given bridge training and a ship of her own.” 
Well Sissy replied, “I see your points, Col Sims I'll write a cover endorsement for the awards, Dauphin you will have to train her yourself and I think she'll make a good XO or Chief Engineer.  Leave her the choice and I'll approve whichever way she goes. 
“You two may be surprised at the ceremonies this afternoon. 
“Albert, have you got your uniform set up, I'm going to need someone to carry all the junk they give me and I expect you to stand right behind me. 
“Sea Flower and I have a full morning, so I'll see all of you there.”  
After her medical examination and measurements for a new leg, Sea Flower took her to see the Gobbler representatives. 
They wanted her to take over as the Star Federation Commandant. 
Sissy told them she would think about it. 
Then she was taken to see the SEAL representatives.  They wanted the same thing. 
Then she met with a few of the Human representatives and they wanted the same thing except they also offered to push for her to become the Star Federation President.  With her record she'd be a elected easily.  “War heroes don't make good political leaders,” was her reply, “but I'll think about it.” 
Then Sea Flower took her back to her apartment and said, “I'll pick you up in two hours for the ceremonies.” 
Sitting in the reviewing stand Sissy remembered several of the military parades she'd attended down on the field.  She felt depressed because it would be the same boring speeches, political back slapping, and general BS.  Her crews deserved the fruits of their labor, but at what cost.  The crews of 13 ships would never know.  Her eyes teared up as the enormity of the job she'd done weighed down on her shoulders. 
Then they called her up and pinned on the new stars.  Choked up she realized it was her turn to blather about how everything went.  
“Ladies and Gentlemen of the Star Federation, I thank you for the honors you have heaped upon me and the crew of the Revenge Fleet.  Today is a turning point for the Star Federation.  Decisions made will determine whether we follow the footsteps of the Grrth or act in a civilized manner.  Many of you want to exterminate the Grrth from the universe, I simply want to remove all their leadership and technology and confine them to a single planet and keep them there.  Which of those two decisions is better?  One will determine the future of our civilization.  Thanks again.” and she turned and sat down. 
There was stunned silence on the reviewing stand, and not a sound from any of the bleachers.  After a minute cheering started, but it came only from the crews on the field. 
Sissy approached the podium and said, “At Ease crews of the Revenge Fleet, remember the SFMDF is the strong right arm of the civilian government.  We must abide by their decisions.  Thank you for your support.”  Then she sat back down and motioned to the politicians on the stand.  
She felt the anger radiating from several of them about her speech.  Not only was it to short, but it was opposed to their plans for the Grrth. 
* * *


Perseus spiral arm

Sissy had her personal warship with an assigned crew of SEALS plus a few human volunteers.  
She departed planning to go past the Grrth empire and report back to the Star Federation government her observations.  After reporting the collapse of the Grrth empire she picked a random direction and ordered Qdr activation.  
After traveling several hundred light years they reentered normal space and detect energy signatures of a large civilization so they immediately went stealth, performed a quick mapping of the area and reported back to SF government.  Then they went in for a closer look.  
Within a few hours they are detected.  Since The RED WARRIOR QUEEN was outnumbered Sissy ordered FTLD.  A force beam of some sort gripped the ship, but they manage to enter FTLD and escape.  After a few hours they dropped out with the intention to immediately go to Qdr and leave the area. 

As the Qdr engaged Sissy's navigator reports that they are not on the course he set with the pilot.  They are curving toward an area of the unknown star civilization that they didn't survey. 
Sissy ordered, “Record everything and have both Evening Star and Janet Sims relay all data to different groups back in the SF.” 
After about 30 minutes of mental communication with the SF scientist both women claimed that they lost contact and were blocked.  They even reported that they had trouble contacting each other sitting across the bridge. 
Flying Star told Sissy, “Never before have I heard of anything like that happening.  I have called for one of the globe weapons masters to report to the bridge.  She is a natural and can't use the communicator device, although her range is limited.  I'll have her try to detect where the interference is coming from.  If they are blocking the communication devices maybe we can figure a way around it.” 
Fast Swimmer reported and was briefed and then went to the officers mess and meditated.  After about half and hour he reported back, “I detect no interference.  However I did detect that there are many mental voices within my range.  I could not understand them and I didn't try to contact them, I just listened.” 
The navigator reports that from the readings that he has taken they are not on the course he set with the pilot.  We are past the area of the unknown star civilization and what is impossible is that we are traveling over a million times faster than Qdr is capable of. 
Several of the scientist aboard the ship reported that they couldn't detect any equipment failure with the communicators, but when they used them even locally after a few minutes they quit working.  Any that quit working could still receive, but couldn't transmit.  The higher functions of the communicator device are definitely being blocked.  After several hours of discussion they wanted Fast Swimmer to try to contact a relative back in the SF.  They knew that he didn't have the range, but it would allow them to monitor and see if the aliens were able to block him.  Others wanted him to report all he could hear mentally from the aliens and try to contact one of them. 
Sissy called him into her office and then questioned him.  After that she said, “This will be dangerous because we don't know their technology level.  The Aliens have already hijacked our ship.  They somehow disabled the transmission function of the communicators.  I need you to mentally tell me everything that you heard when you were meditating and I'll just listen.  If that works then I'll want you to listen to one alien if you can and just relay all that you hear from him to me.  If at any time you feel that you are detected break contact.” 
They sat facing each other for over an hour probing the mental area's surrounding the ship and the scientist watched and listened in using their limited natural abilities. 
Suddenly Fast Swimmer jerked straight in his chair and started uttering phrases in a strange language. 
Without thinking about it Sissy focused a thought through Fast Swimmer, we can't understand your language and you are injuring a sentient being.  Almost immediately the contact was broken.  Sissy jumped up and rushed over to Fast Swimmer and said, “Are you OK?” 
Haltingly he said, “Yes, whoever that was, was very strong and I detected no communicator device.  My family can mentally talk long distances without communicators, and over longer distances with them.  The feel is different.” 
Turning to the scientist, she then said, “Well, what are your impressions?” 
After conferring they concluded that the aliens must be like them with some natural abilities and used a type of communicator to enhance that mental ability.  They detected our communicators, blocked them one at a time.  We know each user has their own signature with their communicator, so no two are exactly the same.  That must be why some are blocked and others not.  They evidently couldn't block Fast Swimmer so they made direct contact and it overwhelmed him. 
The doctor then reported, “Fast Swimmer isn't injured mentally as far as I can determine.  However I do detect another in contact with him even now.  I can understand a word or two now and then.  He is in no distress, however I think that whoever is in contact with him is trying to learn how to communicated with us.  If there was only some way we could monitor what they are learning and learn from them the same. 
Sissy then mentally heard Flying Star comment, We've changed course again, the navigator says we are no longer accelerating.  Also we are no longer in the Orion-Cygnus spur and are entering the Perseus spiral arm.  We are so far from home now that anything we learn will be useless. 
Sissy mentally replied, Tactical information yes, but pure scientific information will always be useful. 
Then everyone felt a mental contact, Red Warrior Queen, you are different from the others aboard your ship, what are you? 
Sissy thought back, I'm not the only one of my species aboard my ship, however I am the leader. 
We understand came back the mental reply. 
Then Sissy thought, Where are you taking our ship and how are you doing it? 
We work in what you call pools of minds, and another group is using mental power to bring your ship to us.  Your group will be here in 2 of your hours as you count time.  We are an old civilization and when we detected you destroying the Grrth we almost stopped you, until we traced their history and saw the species they had eradicated from the universe.  We have changed them and they will no longer be a threat to others, you however may be and we have determined to study you before making a final decision. 
Then Sissy thought, And what gives you the right to determine the fate of other species? 
The thought returned saying, Like we said, we are an old civilization.  We don't normally interfere, but we won't tolerate other sentient beings being destroyed without provocation.  Any species that possesses that power must be responsible, or be limited.  We observed you exterminate all life around 841 stars.  That is something you should not have done and is a sin against the Creator of the universe. 
Then Sissy thought, I am responsible, for I planned the war.  We were on the low end of the technology scale against a superior enemy.  Out of sixteen warships I commanded only three damaged ships with partial crews returned to Space Federation space.  I fought for the survival of the four species in our Space Federation, two other species that we are friends with, and one that we know of that is unaware of our existence.  If anyone is guilty, it is you and me.  You have to power to prevent the annihilation of a species, yet you did nothing to stop the Grrth.  From what some of my people learned the Grrth exterminated every species they came in contact with before they intruded into Star Federation space and destroyed several of our colonies. 
Then the though came back, we must ponder the accusation you level against us.  One of our people will meet and board your ship in one hour for a face to face conversation. 
Sissy turned to CAPT Flying Star and stated, “We will arrive in an hour and there will be a visitor boarding.  Prepare a friendly reception for him.” 
Turning to the scientist she said, “I now think that the level of our retaliation against the Grrth is what brought us to their attention.  Not the fact that we fought back.  They told me that we destroyed all life around 841 stars and we had 960 of the Nova warheads in the fleet.  From this distance the destruction of those stars won't be seen for thousands of years.  Quickly figure out how they detected our war and if possible a defense.” 
An hour later the navigator reported, the ship has stopped.  The star system consist on one rocky planet and 3 gas giants.  None are within our habitability zone.  Also I am picking up a large spacecraft approaching from the 2nd gas giant.” 
Sissy thought, Is your representative an oxygen breather?  It may not be safe for us to meet face to face. 
The spacecraft halted one diameter from the hull of the RED WARRIOR QUEEN.  It was 5 times the diameter of the RED WARRIOR QUEEN. 
Then Sissy received the thought, You are correct, we didn't realize that you were so small, and our instruments indicate your spacecraft is primitive compared to ours. 
This causes additional problems, we've removed you from your natural space in the universe and even though you are an aggressive species you are not like the Grrth.  We realize we made an improper move bringing you here.  We will stop blocking your communications and allow you your freedom for now. 
Sissy then thought, Can you put one of your scientist in contact with one of the scientist we have on our ship.  The exchange of ideas and knowledge may be beneficial to both. 
We will take it under advisement and contact you with our decision. 
Sissy then called the CAPT Star and said, “While we are here lets do survey of the area one hundred light years around this star.  We may need a planet to settle on.  If not maybe we can find a civilization more compatible with ours.” 
After a few weeks the navigator reported to Sissy.  “This area of the spiral arm is different than our spur.  These are much older stars and don't have as high a concentration of the heaver elements.  We will need to travel down the arm probably 2000 or more light years to a section of younger stars more like our own to find a chance of an oxygen breathing civilization.  We have mapped 3 planets in zones around stars that we could survive on for awhile.  However all three are lacking in certain groups of elements that we need for long term survival.  A representative from the scientist wants to see you.” 
“OK, send him in,” said Sissy. 
The representative from the scientist on board entered and sat down.  “Red Warrior Queen,” he started, “This may take awhile.  There are only two people aboard the ship that can communicate with the Gazers without distress.  One is you and the other is Fast Swimmer, everyone else is either ignored or in mental pain when communicating, even your weapons master Janet Sims.  Neither you humans nor us SEALS have enough genetic material aboard the RED WARRIOR QUEEN to start a colony.  Our death sentence is our life span unless we can return to our space.  Some have contacted their families and informed them.  We need some direction from you.” 
Sissy then told her, “Let me think on this for awhile and then I will call a ship meeting and inform the entire crew.  In the mean time send Fast Swimmer to me, I wish to talk to him.” 
Sissy called the XO in and told her, “Have the navigator find us a G2 star with a spectrum similar to ours.  Then head for the Gazers planet.  I'll be calling a ship meeting as soon as I make a decision.” 
Fast Swimmer arrived and Sissy told him to sit down, “We have a lot to discuss.  First tell me what you've learned about the Gazers, I've read the reports for the last six months and still don't know much about them.  You've been in personal contact, what are your impressions and unimportant tidbits of information that no one would consider important enough to put in, or leave in a report. 

The trip back to the Gazers solar system would take about a week.  Fast Swimmer sat in her office with the medical personnel standing by while Sissy and Fast Swimmer tried to make contact with the Gazers. 
Sissy thought using one name pattern that Fast Swimmer indicated.  I need to communicate with your governing pool about something of importance that needs immediate resolution. 
After a few seconds an answer came back stating that a decision pool was being formed and would contact them shortly.  
After a half hour waiting Sissy called for refreshments.  No sooner that Albert delivered them than contact was reestablished. 
Sissy then thought, When you removed us from our space you consigned us to death.  Not all of us are capable of communicating with our families at home.  Also this area of the universe is not compatible for us to live in.  If you cannot return us to our space then we need to travel to an area compatible with our life forms.  The closest star of our type is 2000 light years down the spiral arm.  With our technology it will take almost a lifetime for us to travel that far.  You commented that our ship was primitive.  We need you either to return us to our space or give us a propulsion system that will allow us to travel 2000 light years in a short time so we can find a compatible planet to spend the rest of our lives on. 
The thought returned that we cannot return you to your space at this time, and it is against our laws to interfere by giving advanced technology to primitives. 
Sissy then thought back, You have murdered us by your own ignorance and hubris.  
The thought came back, Your actions caused us to bring you here for investigation. 
Sissy replied, Not true, with your advanced mental powers you could have investigated and made a proper decision without bring us from our space to yours.  You investigated the Grrth and made a decision without bring that species here.  You claim that you fixed them so they would no longer be a threat to surrounding species.  That means that you did not need to bring us here!  You have even violated one of the primitive principles we go by. 
Then she leaned back and put her hands to her head and signaled for a drink. 
Shortly contact came back saying, We have determined that we will teach the other how to build a drive system that will allow you to travel the required distance.  However we must have your promise that you will not pass this knowledge to other primitives.  
Sissy thought back, I will promise not to pass this technology to other primitives.  Is this technology within the abilities of our ship to build?  
Again the mental contact said, Yes it is possible and we will direct you to a power source. 
Fast Swimmer had fallen out of his chair and was writing on the floor.  The medics rushed over to him and were preparing to inject something in his arm when Sissy told them to stop. 
One turned to her and said, “He is in extreme mental pain, we must do something.” 
Sissy replied, “He is receiving advanced technology information that may allow us to return home.  I imagine the results would look the same if you tried to teach a young child advanced mathematics.  He is our only chance, unless you want them to try to teach me how to build a propulsion system that will travel a million times faster than Qdr.” 
They sat back and looked upon Fast Swimmer with a look that Sissy had never seen on the face of any SEAL.  It pulled a knot in her throat and took her breath away.  She felt that it was more than a look as she turned away and cried.  
After an hour Fast Swimmer lay still upon the floor and the medical personnel gently picked him up and carried him back to his quarters.  Later they reported to Sissy that he was in a brain sleep and they would know if he would be OK in a day or two.  
The next morning Fast Swimmer was in the officers mess when Sissy entered.  Her immediate impression was that somehow he was different.  
Getting some coffee she sat across from him and said, “Are you OK.” 
Immediately the thought came to her, Red Warrior Queen, he is still recovering, now that you are by him he needs nourishment, but no stimulants.  We got him this far, but were unable to make his needs known to any other of his species.  After nourishment he needs to return to his resting place and then more nourishment every few of your hours until his mind comprehends and assimilates the information we gave him.  The other pool has been chastised for not taking into account the condition of the mind they were putting the knowledge into.  This pool will monitor him and help him heal. 
Sissy called a mess steward over and said, “He needs a high energy meal, but one that contains no stimulants or additives that will keep him from resting and healing.  Keep it as natural as possible, and if you need to tap my supplies, do so.” 
She paged Albert and instructed him, “You will care for Fast Swimmer until he was recovered.  Get with the most knowledgeable SEAL doctor and make sure he gets natural high energy food, and tap my supplies for anything that is good for him.  Right now his recovery is more important than my life.  Am I understood!” 
With a shocked look on his face, Albert replied, “But ma'am” 
“No buts about it Albert, he is our survival now, not me,” said Sissy. 
Turning Albert left the officers mess and returned minutes later with one of the SEAL medical personnel.  Together they approached Sissy and Albert said, “Please explain exactly what needs to be done for Fast Swimmer.” 
Sissy explained to the SEAL doctor what she had learned from the Gazers mental contact and the fact that they were also monitoring him.  Then she added, I think that they may also be causing him to move without his mind being in control because he was not responsive to what I said to him earlier.” 
Small Looker the senior SEAL doctor went over and stood behind Fast Swimmer for a few seconds and then returned to Sissy and said, “You are correct, he is in a deep sleep, almost to the point of death.” 
Sissy then reminded him, “The Gazers insist that he only take natural nourishment.  The first pool didn't take into account the fact that we are considered primitive and they've been punished, a second pool was formed to monitor and help Fast Swimmer recover so there is no telling how they are going to accomplish it.  I've given Albert the task to insure Fast Swimmer gets anything he needs and now you are included. 
“One fact I picked up earlier was they changed the Grrth so they would no longer be a hazard to surrounding species, so they have much more power at longer ranges than we suspected.  Also we have a small mystery, how did they do it?” 
“He will be well cared for ma'am,” replied Small Looker.  “I detected strange emanations in his brain and body and will carefully study him to see what I can learn.”  
Eight days later Fast Swimmer walked into Sissy's office and sat down across from her desk.  Looking around he stated, “This is a mess!” 
Sensing something weird, Sissy asked, “What do you mean?” 
“I have the knowledge on how to build the machinery to build a drive system that will take us almost anywhere in the universe, but I'll have to teach the engineers how to build it.  Also we'll need to build a factory to get the raw materials.  My best estimate is a decade just to build the drive.”  
Sissy then said, “Hopefully you will be able to use your natural abilities to teach to engineers.  I'm going to call a meeting of all the crew to brainstorm the problem.  I hope we have some other hidden talents among the crew.” 
* * *


Gazer drive

The RED WARRIOR QUEEN needed an operational crew of 40 plus Globe crews totaling 81.  There were 15 extra crew and 19 scientist aboard.  Of the 155 aboard only 16 were Human and 7 were Gobbler. 
Two suggestions came out during the crew meeting.  One was to set up in a yellow star system and mine the asteroid belt.  The second by a Globe engineer was to reprogram some inactive nanobots and let them build the drive.  The only problem was a pattern was needed to program the nanobots from.  
One hundred and eight light years from the Grazer planet they found a suitable unoccupied star system.  Setting up shop in the asteroid belt wasn't as easy as half the crew thought it would be.  Nanobots were activated to build another ship when a suitable asteroid was located.  
Then a few visits to the two rocky planets procured enough materials to build the computers needed.  
After the personnel needed to work on the new drive moved into the new ship the RED WARRIOR QUEEN departed to find a world with vegetation to replenish their supplies.  
Dropping into a system containing a red dwarf star the weapons master immediately hit the emergency jump button and yelled we've been targeted.  The pilot took over and they stopped 3 light hours out from the system to gather as much data as they could.  Neither the navigator nor the weapons master could detect any indications of civilization from the star system.  However there were two planets on opposite sides of the star in the habitual zone.  Telescope examination reveled indications of civilization on both.  
Sissy ordered, “XO prepare two unmanned probes to proceed through the system on ballistic courses to gather data.  When their instruments indicate they have been targeted, program then to jump out and we'll then pick them up and see what we have.”  They were inserted into what was left of the Oort shell and one picked up a comet headed in and piggybacked in its shadow.  
Both made it withing 4 light minutes of their targets before being detected.  Spacecraft swarmed off one planet headed for the comet.  The probe detected no life forms on any of the spacecraft so it went FTLD back to the Oort shell.  
The second probe continued on its ballistic course.  Every 6 seconds it detected a sweeping beam.  The beam was to powerful to be just radar and after the 9th sweep it used its gravity drive to change course.  On the 11th sweep the beam locked on.  Then the probe went FTLD to the Oort cloud.  
When the data was analyzed from both probes the conclusion was reached that the civilization was purely mechanical.  No organic life forms were detected on either planet.  
CAPT Star and her bridge officers determined that whatever species originally built the civilization had died off or been exterminated.  Only their machines still inhabited the system.  It would be to dangerous to try to make contact with the machines.  If the machines killed off the organic species they would probably still be hostile to any organic species they contacted.  Their recommendation to Sissy was, “This system should be marked as extremely hostile and avoided.” 
Sissy simply replied, “Set course for the next likely star.”  
Two hours later the navigator reported a spacecraft running on a parallel course to theirs.  It was transmitting on a very short radio frequency a message that the translator finally deciphered. 
When she reported to the bridge officer and then to Sissy she said, “It's been running parallel for over a half hour with no hostile moves.  The translator indicates that it is requesting information about where our species originates and why we visited its star system.” 
Sissy asked, “Can we loose it or outrun it?” 
The navigator replied, “Doubtful, after leaving that system we changed course and changed velocity twice.  It found us a little over a half hour ago and accelerated up to its present position parallel to our course.  Sims and Evening Star both targeted it and it ignored the targeting beams.  It even ignored the globe CAPT Star sent to investigate.  Whatever it is, it considers us no threat or it considers itself expendable.  All transmissions from it have been recorded even those not aimed at us.”  
Sissy thinking furiously decided, “Transmit back to it a star-map of the Orion-Cygnus spur, but no indication what star we're from.  Then tell it we are lost and looking for a planet where we can get supplies and repairs.  Then ask it what type of organic species built the civilization and if we can communicate with them directly?”  
The navigator replied, “Yes ma'am, although I don't think the last question is wise.”  
Sissy smiled and said, “With a technology that can track us down between the stars, I think that it has already determined that this spacecraft contains organic beings.  If it was determined to be hostile it probably would have attacked us already.  That leaves two obvious options.  First, there may be an organic species hiding behind it, or second, it wants to lead us into a trap or capture our technology for some reason.  We will prepare for both.  Send in the XO.”  
Not ten minutes after the message was sent, a second spacecraft caught up with them and attached itself to the hull of the RED WARRIOR QUEEN.  It slowly moved past the weapons ports until it was over an airlock.  The tell-tails indicated that the airlock doors were being opened.  
Sissy grabbed her weapons and she and Albert rushed toward the airlock.  As she rounded the corner of the main corridor they spotted a metallic globe.  As they skidded to a stop two SEALS caught up with them. 
The globe settled to the deck and then they heard the hiss of pressure equalizing and a hatch started opening.  
Sissy held up her hand and said, “I think we have an organic visitor, weapons down unless they fire first.” 
Out of the hatch stepped a five foot tall biped the color of a cooked lobster.  It turned its head toward Sissy and enunciated, “Are you the leader of this mixed species crew?” 
Sissy quickly realized from the metallic background sound that there must be a translator machine. 
She replied, “Yes I am the leader of this spacecraft, and who are you?”  
“I am Zorn, a member of the species that built the twin civilization around the star you just departed from.  You are lucky your spacecraft is as primitive as it is.  Otherwise the defense robots would have destroyed it as soon as it was detected.  We have one enemy that has been meddling in our civilization for many thousands of years.  Once our machines reported that there were at least 2 distinct species aboard I was sent out to determine if you were friendly and could become a possible ally.” 
Sissy held up her hand and said, “Is your enemy a member of a species that lives on gas giant planets?” 
Zorn swiveled his head and replied, “Yes.” 
Then Sissy said, “They drew us from our space to here because we defended ourselves from a hostile species that exterminated any intelligent species in it's path.  The Grrth attacked us, and since they had a technology advantage we attacked back by turning 841 of their empires stars into novas.  Our federation consist of four different species, there are two other species in an alliance we are friendly with, and another species that we know of that is still unaware of us.  At present they've released us on our own because I accused them of being responsible for allowing the Grrth to attack us forcing us to defend ourselves in the only manner we were able to.”  
Zorn sat down on the deck and said, “We have much to talk about, we must do it here near my protector.  Are you still in mental contact with them?”  
Sissy walked over and sat against the corridor wall opposite Zorn and said, “Only two of us are able to communicate with them without mental pain.  I am one and the other is at another location building a propulsion system that is supposed to be able to allow us to travel at velocities many thousands of time faster than our ship can at this time.”  
Zorn said, “They may have given you a real propulsion drive to let you return to your space, but then again I would not trust them not to meddle in your affairs later.”  Reaching into his globe he pulled out a small cube and said, “This is a communication device that will allow you to enter our star system and come to one of the planets to meet with our leadership.  Keep it in a solid metal container until you enter our system.  Unfortunately your primitive technology will not help us or them in our conflict, but it puts you in harms way.  I must leave now.”  With that he stepped into his globe and sealed the hatch. 
Sissy watched it float down the corridor to the airlock and then through the hatch.  When the hatch closed she handed Albert the cube and said, “Put this in an isolation shell and then in a metal container.”  
As Sissy stepped on the bridge the weapons master reported, “The spacecraft that just departed red shifted for 3 seconds and I lost it when it exceeded the speed of light.  The other ship moved out to five light seconds distance and is holding position.” 
Sissy turned to the pilot and said, “Change course 90 degrees, then 45 degrees twice.  I want to see if the other ship parallels our course or if we are left on our own.” 
Weapons Master, “Monitor for any alien ships and report.” 
Navigation, “Plot us a round about course through 3 stars back to the Twin Planets star.”  Then she called CAPT Star to follow her to her office. 
As they sat down Sissy said, “You know the crew better than I.  We need the sneakiest planner to build us a plan to fool the Gazer.  You will report to me only information that the planner designates.  I don't know what the Gazer can read from my mind when I am in contact with them.  Hopefully they won't try reading anyone else mind because of the mental pain it causes.  Instruct all the crew that the recent contact is not to be discussed with the engine building crew, especially with Fast Swimmer.  I know that this puts us at a definite disadvantage because the Gazer can probably intercept any mental communications, and any references to the Twin Planets civilization will probably put us in more peril.  Do any of the Doctors know how to remove knowledge from another persons mind without damage?  If you or they can think of anything else implement it, I know this exceeds anything you ever thought of when you became XO, but stuff happens and we need to adjust.” 
Albert listened to Sissy instruct CAPT Star and then said, “Admiral, you are laying a lot on her.  I hope we are successful.”  

Six hours later Sissy lay on a table in the medical bay and watched the doctors shave half her head and then cut part of the scalp away.  After inserting a gold plate they sewed her up.  Her head felt like a weight had been added.  Emotionally she felt drained and then two of the doctors placed their hands on her head and the first thought terrified her because she felt herself flying through the air and crashing into the wall head first.  Just before she passed out she felt something like fingers in her head churning up her brain. 

Albert brought in her coffee the next morning and said, “You're looking better this morning, after the accident.”  
Sissy put her hand up to her head, and as she felt the bandages she remembered flying toward the wall.  
“You were the only one injured,” Albert replied, “when the gravity plate failed.”  
“Gravity plates don't just fail!” Sissy exclaimed.  
Albert replied, “You can read the combat report after breakfast.  Until then concentrate on eating.  The XO will be in after you eat with the report.”  
After eating Albert helped her sit up in her bed and the XO entered. 
Entering star system at 6499/8415/10610 we were immediately were targeted and fired upon from 1000 KM.  Kinetic missile hit section 5 grid 47 plate 17 causing massive electrical shorts.  Defensive weapons vaporized launching station.  Star system showed no signs of present or past civilization.   Conclusion, launching station was a rogue, probably left-over from defensive grid of some civilization.  Age unknown.  Origin unknown.  Casualties,  2 crew members in compartment hit, injuries 1.  
Sissy sat up straighter and addressed the XO.  “How is it that the defensive measures failed to detect and stop the missile?” 
Captain Flying Star snapped to attention, “No excuse ma'am, we entered normal space less that 1000 Km from the launch point and the computers didn't have sufficient time to react.  The missile was a solid chemical rocket.  It was still accelerating when it hit and continued to burn until we extracted it from the compartment and cut it in half.  There were no electronics, just a solid arrow shaped warhead designed to penetrate hull plating without explosive aid.  Estimated maximum speed from launch to fuel burnout would .07 light speed.  Very primitive and probably designed to be launched in waves.”  
Looking stunned Sissy replied, “That's like a marine being knocked over by a rabbit trap.”  
Then Flying Star said, “The crew is worried about you so you need to walk to the officers mess and let it be known that you are OK as soon as possible.  The doctors say you should be able to tomorrow.  I'll leave you now and continue the survey you ordered.” 
As soon as she left the compartment Sissy tried to get up and fell back on the bunk.  Beside the aches and pains all over her body, her head felt like it weighed 5 kilos.  Very carefully she eased out of her bunk and onto the floor and crawled over to her locker and opened the door.  In the mirror she saw she was a mass of bruises and her head ... her head almost all her hair was gone and over the back was a huge bandage.  Pulling a hand mirror she angled it to show the back of her head.  There was an arc of dried blood on the bandage.  What the hell did I hit, she thought.  
Suddenly there was a voice in her mind and it asked, What do you mean? 
Instantly she knew that the Grazer pool that she contacted last was back.  She thought back, My spacecraft was attacked by a primitive robot station.  We suffered casualties and I was injured.  
She instantly knew that they were reading her mind because of the memories that flew to the surface and then dissipated.  It stopped as soon as the briefing by Flying Star reappeared.  
After a moments relief she heard, The station was built by a primitive warring species that ended up destroying itself.  Our ships have made contact with their robots, however the one your officer described is very primitive.  Be aware that there are more sophisticated robots still operating in that area and they are completely automatic and self-replicating.  We would advise you to relocate your ship quickly.  We also detect extreme trauma to members of your mind and recommend rest.  Several sections seem to be erased of all memories.  
She thought back, That is why I can't remember anything after I was flying toward a wall and hit it. 
That may also explain why you are not as mentally strong as you were before.  There seems to be a piece of metal surrounding part of your mind, the Grazer pool replied.  Is it needed?  
Sissy thought, Yes it is needed, when I hit the wall I broke part of the bony protection around my mind.  This protection allows me to survive and function.  
We will converse with you later the Gazer pool replied and then mental silence. 
Without a thought Sissy crawled over to her desk and pulled herself up into the chair and pressed button 4 on her communications panel.  She then started repeating the mental conversation thought to word.  Part of her felt the irresistible compulsion and tried to resist, but couldn't.  She was still sitting in at her desk when Albert reentered her quarters.  
Looking at her he asked, “Did the Grazers contact you?”  
She nodded and he then said, “You must be extremely tired, let me get you back to bed and then I'll get you something cool to drink.” 
As she started to stand she passed out.  
In one swoop Albert scooped her up as she fell and carried her to her bed and tucked her in while thinking It's a damn shame she has to go through this to protect us.  As soon as she was asleep he quietly walked out and down to the marine detachment and grabbed the sergeant major by the arm. 
Normally marine sergeant majors don't like being manhandled, but after one glance at Albert he submitted and asked “What do you need?” 
Albert choked out, “I need two of your toughest females to care for the Admiral.  I can't tolerate the pain she's in and function properly.”  
The sergeant major said, “I'll get three so you can have some rest.”  
Then Albert's voice broke as he said, “Thanks.” and wiped a tear from his eye. 
* * *


Baby sitters

Albert was sitting in the enlisted mess a few minutes later when three female marines walked in, picked him up and slammed him against the wall.  The shortest one said, “You bastard, you got us on baby sitting detail, you're dead.” 
Albert looked at her and said, “You can try to kill me later, but now you will look after my charge and like it, or I'll rip your limbs off and deliver you back to the sergeant major in a bag!”  
Nancy smiled as she applied pressure to the nerves just under Albert's collar bone.  
Brenda, the short redhead whirled and stopped the four members of the kitchen crew with one look and a soft comment, “He needs this, but I need some exercise, come ahead.”  
Alice said, “This ain't no fun, lets take him forward,” as she grabbed Albert's ear and twisted.  
Albert's eyes came back into focus and he growled, “Are you the women I need?” 
All three jumped back and one answered, “Good he's back.  Now we can get to work.”  
Albert looked at the four members of the kitchen crew armed with cleavers and rolling pins and calmly said, “These young lady's need some coffee, NOW!”  Then he picked up the chair he had been sitting in and pulled it over to the table and sat down.  He then tapped the table.  
The three female marine sergeants stepped over and sat down.  
Albert looked at them and said, “This goes no further, and if you don't think you can care for the Admiral's every need report back to the sergeant major for relief.”  
In unison all three said, “The sergeant major hand picked us, there are no better in this galaxy than us.  We're known as the three bitches from hell and we earned our title.”  
As Albert explained the situation he watched the three's appalled look change to outrage and then horror as they comprehended the treatment the Admiral put herself through to protect the ship.  Then he quietly said, “I've cared for the Admiral since she lost her leg.  If you mother her she will rip your arms off and use them to beat the hell out of you.  You'll each have to find the point of support she'll tolerate.  It's just to much for me to tolerate alone,  I need your help.” 
Brenda looked sick, but said, “We'll take good care of her.  You know you owe us, and we will collect, when we get home.”  
“Thanks,” was all Albert said as he led them to her quarters to introduced them to Sissy.  
He told Sissy, “These girls are here to help, because I have some additional duties to perform.  They can get me on a moments notice if you really need me.”  Then he turned and left through the bridge hatch. 
Sissy looked at the three and said, “What's going on, Albert doesn't have any additional duties.”  
Alice commented, “He's getting soft in his old age.” 
Sissy launched herself off the bed and just missed Alice's throat my inches when Nancy and Brenda snagged her out of the air.  
Alice apologized by saying, “I had to know if you were still as tough as the grapevine and Albert says, or if we had to wipe the nose of a spoiled officer.  Albert said you'd been through hell and he needed some help.  You're tougher than he said, and now I know why he asked the sergeant major for help.  The three of us are here to make his life easier, not yours.  Also, you don't get to kill us, Albert has first call on that!  
“Girls, get her cleaned up and dressed while I go rustle up some grub.”  
Sissy looked at Alice as she marched out and smiled.  
Brenda looked at Nancy and commented, “He definitely owes us now!”  
After polishing off a small steak, eggs, and half a pot of coffee Sissy said, “Find my leg, I know Albert hid it somewhere around here to keep me off my feet.”  
After Alice handed it to her she said, “You will use one of us for support, because if you fall down and get another bruise Albert will know, and make our lives miserable.  
“I'll take first shift, Nancy bring our gear up here and one cot, two of us will be on-shift at all times and don't forget my knives.  I feel naked without them. 
“Admiral, where do you want to go first.”  
“Now I want to visit the senior enlisted mess, and in the morning we'll have a nice breakfast in the main enlisted mess.” said Sissy.  
Brenda walked into the senior enlisted mess and looked at the CPO sitting at the corner table.  Smiling she hissed, “Clear this table for the Admiral now.” 
He looked at her and then across the room at Albert.  He saw that Albert was in deep conversation with the two most senior NCO's aboard.  He picked up his coffee and sundered over to their table and sat down.  
When he opened his mouth and said, “Sergeant Major, you got some snotty female marines” Albert grabbed him by the throat and said, “If one of those female marines that are assigned to me say jump, you better go through the upper deck using your teeth to chew a hole.”  
The sergeant major said, “Albert, cut him some slack, this must be her first trip out and no one knows yet.  
“I'm sure the chief will apologize to sergeant Brenda as soon as  the Admiral is seated.  Right chief?” 
The chief turned to look at sergeant Brenda and saw the Admiral being helped into the seat he'd just left.  His eyes got wide and all he muttered was, “What happened to her?” 
Albert simply commented, “She was protecting the ship, what else would the Red Warrior Queen do.”  
They watched as a SEAL marine walked in armed to the teeth and hand Brenda and Alice enough armament to wipe out a small army.  The first thing Alice did was pull a knife and start picking her teeth.  
Albert looked at the marine sergeant major and commented, “Are you sure they're the right girls to take care of the Admiral?  They look a little rough for wear and it's only been two hours.” 
Laughingly the sergeant major said, “I haven't seen those girls look so happy since they tore up a town on leave.  I forgot to tell you but those are the original three bitches from hell and their reputation was made the hard way.  Alice and Nancy were the twin bitches that nobody messed with until Brenda came along.  She ran into them on pacification mission.  After wiping out the pirates they argued over something and all three ended up needing medical treatment.  Since then no one dares to even try to separate them.  That is a story in itself.  SEAL high command and Commandant Mooney classified it.” 
Albert looked at him and said, “Now I know why they were so gentle with me, and I got three for the price of two.  Do you think I'll get the Admiral back when this is over?”  
All the sergeant major said was, “Not without a fight.” 
* * *


Wave of silence

The enlisted mess was its usual noisy bedlam when Alice stepped in through the hatch.  In her best voice she bellowed quiet.  A few heads turned toward her and then back to their business.  Brenda joined her and together they cleared the table to the left of the hatch, and used the slowest of the occupants to wipe the table with.  That got no more attention than a few crewmen cursing them.  
Nancy helped the Admiral in and sat her down.  Nancy then stepped back against the wall and started honing two of her knives against each other.  After a few seconds when most everyone was looking she quietly announced “Admiral on deck – AT EASE.”  A wave of silence swept the mess.  
Then a few crew members walked over and talked to Sissy and a line formed.  
A senior petty officer looked in and started to say something, stopped, and left.  
There was only one slight disturbance and that only lasted a few seconds until the line realized that the mess steward had four cups of coffee and pastries.  Then it opened a path for him directly to the Admirals table, and he told her that breakfast would be served at her convenience.
* * *


Robot

Two weeks later the RED WARRIOR QUEEN finished its route and returned to the twin civilization star system.  As they entered the system the communications master received a message from a member of the crew left at the star system with Fast Swimmer.  An accident had severely injured two of the construction crew.  They weren't expected to survive.  
Captain Flying Star informed Sissy and then said the code word, “zeolite.”  
Sissy went to the officers mess and ate a large meal and retired to her quarters and went to bed.  Her sleep was so deep that when Nancy checked on her, she called the medical personnel to check her.  They assured her that Sissy was OK and the said they'd be back later to hook her up to a life support machine.  
Albert looked in, shook his head and removed the communications cube from its containers and took it to the bridge. 
Captain Star placed it on the communications station and said, “Albert, I hope Zorn was telling us the truth.” 
The weapons master reported, “There is one spacecraft approaching from the closest planet at high speed.  I've detected two scans of our ship, but no weapons locks.”  
It only took a few minutes for the small ship to attach itself at the airlock.  
Captain Star was waiting as the airlock opened and a robot stepped out.  
Its first words were, “You must leave this star system immediately and without any delay!”  
Captain Star lifted her communicator and informed the bridge to do an emergency jump out of the system and then go to Qdr.  Then looking at the robot she asked, “We were invited back to the system by Zorn, what changed?”  
With the neutral voice of a machine it replied, “Upon further investigation we discovered your ship is in two places, one here and one outside this portion of our spiral arm.  I must talk to the leader.”  Then it became immobile. 
Captain Star returned to the bridge and called her planner detail to report immediately. 
After discussion she went back to the robot and asked it, “Why didn't Zorn come and warn us?”  After waiting and receiving no answer she returned to the bridge and the detail agreed that they must awaken the Red Warrior Queen.  
Entering Sissy's quarters she walked over and said, “Quarto.”  
A few moments later Sissy yawned and looked up, “Are we having a problem Star?” 
“Everything is going wrong, your plan is trashed.  The planning detail agrees that we must bring you up to speed again.  If you will follow me to the medical section they will explain it to you.” 
Sissy got up and the walked to Small Lookers office.  As they entered he bade them sit and called in a young SEAL.  He sat down across from Sissy and held out both hands and grasp hers.  Leaning forward he pressed his forehead against hers.  After a few seconds he collapsed and other medical personnel carried him out.  Sissy sat looking stunned and then said, “Oh God, are we clear or in immanent or immediate danger captain?” 
Star answered, “Upon entering the Twin Civilization star system a robot boarded the ship and instructed us to immediately exit the system and then demanded to talk to you.  It said something strange, that our ship existed in two places, one here and the other outside the spiral arm.”  
Sissy grabbed the intercom and instructed Albert to place the communications cube back in the isolation shell and metal container.  Then she said, “I need to see your planning detail, lets use the officers mess.” 
Minutes later she demanded that they brief her completely on what had happened.  After pondering the briefing she said, “While I was out I had a very strange dream.  When I opened my eyes, I saw the whole crew, even Fast Swimmer hooked up to machines and we were all in a large room.  The beings moving in the room were tan colored bipeds with short fur.  Any ideas?”  
“It could mean that we are prisoners somewhere else,” replied on of the detail.” 
“Follow me, I'm going to talk to the robot,” said Sissy. 
As she approached it, it floated up from the deck and a compartment opened.  On its extended tray was another cube.  Immediately the robot started by saying, “Further investigation by our machines found a entangled quantum state exist within your spacecraft with another spacecraft approximately 12000 of your light years distance.  Our scientific community has come to the conclusion that you and your crew are doppelgangers.  We have located the originals, but are unable to communicate with them.  All but two are in a dormant state.  Those two are being examined by a species that calls itself Froth.  They are technologically more advance than your species.  They are also an old civilization that is beginning to die out.” 
Sissy felt sick, then she asked, “What does that mean for us?” 
Again the robot started speaking, “We were monitoring your other crew when two individuals expired.  At the same time those two individuals awoke in the facilities maintained by the Froth.  Then our monitoring of them was detected and blocked.  Our monitoring of that civilization has continued, but they are dying out.  Our leadership was discussing whether to make formal contact, when we detected them monitoring us.  
“For our safety we need to destroy you and your crew, also we need an intermediary in contacting the Froth formally.  Our hope is that you will cooperate.”  Then the robot turned and entered the airlock and its ship departed. 
Sissy turned to Captain Star and the detail and said, “My ready office now.” 
As she sat behind her desk, she paged the pilot and instructed him to change course to the engine crew star system.  Then she said, “We now have more mysteries to solve.  If we are doppelgangers, then we are keeping our real selves from existing.  If not then we are dead anyway.”  
“Can we trust the word of the machines,” asked one of the detail, “and if what it said is true then what are we going to do, commit suicide.” 
“Do we have anyone anyone board the ship that knows the two that died?” asked Sissy.  “We need to have them try to contact them.”  
Captain Star rubbed her head and then commented, “No, Fast Swimmers group was picked because it was so tight.  Those scientist are a strange group and most people can't communicate with them easily.”  
“Everyone knows me and my pattern, I volunteer to go first,” said one of the detail.  “I will not need any preparation time because I have no one here to say goodbye to.”  Then he launched himself toward Alice and cried, “DIE!”  
Without even thinking Alice and Brenda reacted and shot him in mid-stride.  
Lying on the floor he mentally reached out to all of the detail and thought listen for me, and died.  
They were all in shock until one of them said, “He's in a room hooked up to machines.  He thinks he sees you Admiral, and you are being looked at by several furry bipeds.  He says he is going to make a noise to see if they react.  They've turned toward him.  I've lost him, but I didn't feel his death.”  
Sissy then said, “OK, we'll pick up the crew working on the Gazer drive.  Dump all the stuff they've built in the star and then make a final decision on whether we follow the equipment into the star or not.”  
Two weeks later with the whole crew aboard Sissy called a meeting in the main cargo bay.  Only Captain Star wasn't present, she was on the bridge.  Sissy explained everything to them all and then said, “I've ordered Captain Star to enter the star right behind the last piece of equipment that was built.  We shall leave no traces of our presence in this space.”  
The star went supernova with them. 
* * *


The Room

Sissy awoke to find three crew members pulling tubes and wires from her body.  As soon as her arm was free she felt the back of her head and realized there was no plate on her skull.  Suddenly she remembered everything and looked around to see if any of the Froth were present.  Several crew members had a dozen or more herded into the corner of the room. 
Captain Star was walking over toward the group.  It seemed that the only crew on their feet were the SEALS.  Janet and Brenda were sitting on the floor shaking their heads.  Suddenly Sissy realized she had terrible headache.  She reached out mentally for Captain Star and realized that she had little strength, but just enough to make Captain Star turn and rush back to her.  
She gasped out, “Don't hurt the prisoners, we need friendly contact.”  
Star replied, “I was going to try to make contact with some of them.  Also I was thinking about sending the youngest out.” 
Sissy said, “No, if there is anyway to determine sex, then send half the males and half the females out.  Also see if the doctors can find us anything to drink.” 
Of the nineteen Froth, nine were herded toward the door.  One looked back and then rushed between the SEALS and took a place beside another in the corner. 
Alice helped Sissy from her section of the room over near the corner and helped her sit on the floor.  Then Sissy told Captain Star to bring the two to her.  
The two were surrounded and crowded until they moved out of the corner.  As they approached Sissy, Captain Star pointed at them and then herself.  Then she sat on the floor and patted the floor and then pointed back to them. 
They weren't stupid, it only took a few seconds for them to realize that she wanted them to sit.  Then she made gestures for drinking.  The shorter of the two turned and hissed some words at the group in the corner. 
After a minute of confusion, one stepped forward and started between two of the SEAL guards. 
One of the guards stopped him until Sissy commanded him to let him go. 
The Froth walked over to the wall and pressed a colored panel.  When it opened he pulled three cubes from it, turned and walked over to the seated group.  After placing the cubes in front of the shorter of the seated pair, he returned to the corner.  The shorter of the two picked up a cube, turned it and pressed a colored spot on the side.  The lid popped up, and steam arose from the opening.  As soon as the steam stopped, she placed it on the floor in front of Star.  
Star looked into the open top.  By then the shorter of the two had opened the other two cubes. 
The two Froth dipped their hands into the cubes and placed the food into their mouths.  
Star looked at Sissy and said, “Do you think it is safe to eat?  I don't like the smell.” 
Alice stepped over and dipped her hand into the open cube and tasted the contents.  She then exclaimed, “It taste like rotten meat.”  
Sissy pulled the cube over in front of her and dipped her finger in it and smelled and then tasted it.  “You're right, it is rotten meat.”  Then she dipped her finger into the cube again and drew on the floor a circle and put a dot in it's middle.  Then she drew two circles and put 2 dots on the inner circle and 6 on the outer circle and 8 dots in the middle.  Tapping the floor Sissy then put an H by one and an O by the other.  Then she drew two of the single circles and one larger double circle between them. 
The Froth couple looked puzzled and then the taller of the two hissed over his shoulder and two from the corner started over.  He pointed at the single circle, then at the double circle, and then at the combined circles.  A hissing conversation ensued and then one of the ones from the corner walked over to the wall panel and started pressing circles on the open panel.  A few seconds later several round cylinders popped out.  He grabbed them and returned and set them on the floor in front of Sissy.  
Sissy picked up one and looked it over and found a button.  When she pressed it the top opened, only she had it upside down.  As the water splashed all over her bare leg all four Froth started what must have been their equivalent of laughter. 
Sissy and Star also started laughing.  Then Sissy picked up another, held it the opposite way and pressed the button.  As it opened she looked into the cylinder and then offered it to the Froth with the motion of drinking.  
Then she picked up another, opened it, and took a sip.  She then passed it to Alice and said, “Captain Star, just in case it is drugged I don't want you to drink from it.” 
Alice took several drinks and then passed it to Brenda.  Brenda drank most of the rest and passed it back to Sissy.  Then Brenda sat down and said, “We need a computer or at least some paper to start a common trade language with.  Sissy thought to Nancy, see if you can find something to write on. 
She noticed that the smaller of the two Froth recoiled with a jerk as she thought her command to Nancy.  Then she held up one finger and said, “One” and thought one.  Then she held up two fingers and thought two and said, “Two.”  Pointing at the shorter of the Froth she held up one finger and blanked her mind. 
Faintly she felt a voice in her mind say something.  Then she held up two fingers and listened again.  A different sound thought came through.  Aloud she said, “Star, they are somewhat telepathic, blank your mind.”  Then Sissy held up three fingers and thought three.  
Pointing again at the Froth she held up one finger and tried to imitate the sound she faintly heard, and then two fingers and its mental sound, and then three fingers. 
The shorter Froth made another mental sound and then started hissing at her companions and waiving her arms. 
Sissy leaned back and said, “Star did you hear anything.” 
Star replied, “No” 
Then Sissy heard in her mind a familiar voice, I heard her words for the numbers.  Fast Swimmer sat down and said, “I don't think that these are the brightest of the species.  I think they are only low level technicians.  There is one huddled in the back of the corner that the others have surrounded, that I think may be the one in charge here, or of a higher caste.  Shall I get him?”  
Sissy looked at the one in the corner and thought, Come here.  She felt his shock when he realized that he had been summoned. 
Slowly he walked over and as he sat down the other four slid back to make more room for him in the front.  
Sissy had never tried to mentally whisper, so she just tried not to project as much. 
He grabbed his head with both hands and fell backwards. 
Sissy then said, “Alice help me move back from him.  Fast Swimmer stay and listen and then speak to me what he says in case he doesn't have any range.”  Alice helped Sissy move halfway across the chamber, but still in line of sight with the last Froth to join the group. 
Then again she thought, Can you understand me without pain?  
He looked at her and put one hand to his head and faintly she heard, Yes, you are to strong at close range.  I am second in charge of the technicians here, your people sent the leader out.  May I call for some communication specialist. 
Sissy looked back at him and thought, Your species is called the Froth, am I correct?  
He thought back, That is the older common name, yes.  I have summoned the communication specialist.  They will be here shortly.  In the mean time, where are you from and how did you become so disabled?  
Sissy thought back, We are explorers, we are two species in a Star Federation that has four species in it.  We are also friendly with an Alliance that has two other species in it.  So there are six star traveling species plus yours in this section of the galaxy.  We were hijacked by another species in another section of the galaxy and helped by a different species in that same section of the galaxy.  None of us are alone.  Can you arrange for food to be brought from our spacecraft for us? 
Mentally he replied, I will try. 
Just as Sissy was thinking Thanks, a group of Froth entered the door and walked over.  After a brief conversation with the second in command they sat and the others returned to the corner. 
One held up his hand and Sissy heard his mental voice as he thought, My name is Mellow, and I am the spokesman for our group.  We have studied the first two to regain their minds, and the third is being studied now.  Where are you from? 
Sissy thought back, We are explorers, we are two species in a Star Federation that has four species in it.  We are also friendly with an Alliance that has two other species in it.  There are six star traveling species plus yours in this section of the galaxy. 
Mellow thought back, You have not encountered the Grrth yet? 
Sissy slumped, then thought, They Grrth attacked our Star Federation and we destroyed 841 of their star systems.  We were forced to stop because of our casualties.  Their empire still has over two hundred star systems intact. 
Mellow replied, We were lucky when they attacked us, we had just finished a war with another species and together we repelled their invasion fleet.  We found out later that they were moving from one area to another.  Our leaders are still not sure that you are not the scout for an invasion fleet, so you will consider yourself prisoners.  Do you understand? 
Sissy sat up straighter and thought back, There are several things you should know.  First, we are not the scout for an invasion fleet.  Second, there are two much older species in the next arm of the galaxy that have been at war for thousands of our years.  One of them hijacked us and made doppelgangers of us.  That is why we were all asleep.  Third, the other species told us how to escape.  Fourth, sooner or later another exploration ship will come looking for us.  Fifth, we can and should make an agreement between your Star Alliance and our Star Federation.  We have a much more powerful enemy than the Grrth. 
Mellow thought, I will arrange for the food machines to make food suitable for both your species and we will converse later.  Then he turned and hissed a few phrases at the group behind him and got up and left.  
After he left the second in command thought to Sissy, I have been ordered to remain here and instruct you on the use of the food machines.  My name is Yellow.  May my daughter and her mate leave. 
Sissy looked at him and thought, The smaller of the first I communicated is your cub? 
He thought back, She has progressed past that point.  She is now a full member of our pride.  
Sissy thought back, I apologize, it's just that your species reminds me of another that I know.  They are not telepathic, they are mind numb like many of my species. 
He replied, The fact that you and some of your group are telepathic terrifies our leadership.  All of the Froth are telepathic to some extent, although the leaders are the strongest.  Close up you are stronger than they are, but you don't have the strength at a distance.  Mellow was happy to discover that fact.  That and the fact that your weapons are more primitive than ours is the only reason you were not destroyed outright.  What does worry him is your claim of destroying 841 Grrth star systems. 
Sissy then said, “Allow the others to leave when they wish,” and then thought the same to Yellow.  
Then she thought to Captain Star, We need to talk and bring the planning detail with you.  Instruct the guards to allow any of the Froth that want to leave or stay, also anyone that has not demonstrated mental contact with another to hide the fact that they are telepathic. 
Nancy, I need another group near us to talk to cover our conversation in case they are beginning to translate our language.  Also arrange some non-lethal fights among the marines and tell them they are a distraction, so lots of laughter after one wins should confuse any watchers.  
Nancy thought back, “Admiral, when naked marines wrestle some may end up pregnant, are you ready for that? 
Sissy started laughing and thought back, If we live that long, I won't hold it against any of them.  Also inform them that we are probably under observation so don't show all their moves.  
Sissy saw Yellow headed for the door and thought to him, I had an artificial leg on when I got here, can you get it back for me. 
He didn't miss a step and was out the door in an instant. 
Sissy wondered if he heard her thought as the group sat down for a planning session. 
* * *


Interrogation

Hours later Yellow returned.  He had Sissy's leg with him.  Approaching her he thought,  The leadership wants to see you, I am to take you to them. 
Brenda and Alice rushed over and assisted Sissy putting her leg on and getting up.  Alice looped Sissy's arm over her shoulder and helped her across the room with Brenda following.  When they reached the door Yellow thought, You are the only one that they want to see, the other two must remain here. 
Sissy thought back, Are you strong enough to support me? 
After a moment Yellow returned a thought, Only one may help you. 
Sissy turned to Brenda and said, “I can only take one helper, go rest, I'll be back.” 

The leadership hall was bigger that the main cargo bay of the RED WARRIOR QUEEN.  The first thing Sissy noticed was a lack of security.  She was seated at one end near the door.  All the Froth were seated at the other end.  
The first thought Sissy heard was, You claim to be an explorer, yet I can see from your scars that you are a warrior.  That makes you a warrior scout.  Why did you attempt to deceive my workers? 
Unable to tell where the thought came from Sissy thought back, I was the leader of the defense fleet that defended our Star Federation when the Grrth attacked us.  As you know I only have one leg so I cannot function as a warrior.  I was given the choice of staying home or exploration.  
The one with you is a warrior also, we can tell from her attitude and scars, came the thought. 
Sissy thought, Yes, a small group of warriors was assigned to protect and aide me in my explorations.  
Again came the powerful thought, Then your leaders still consider you valuable.  
Sissy thought back, Yes, you could assume that, in our Space Federation we elect local leaders, that choose leaders over them, that choose leaders for the Star Federation.  Most of the people in our Federation are not telepathic.  Few of our leaders are telepathic.  Honorable service is rewarded with some privileges.  Because of the honorable service and the hardships I endured I was given the choice to do what I wanted.  I've always wanted to explore the stars and new planets.  That is how our Star Federation and the Alliance met.  We made friends and now the five different species are friends and we trade among ourselves.  We also found a young civilization that had colonies at two nearby stars and offered them the choice of joining our Star Federation.  We also found a planet bound civilization and hid ourselves from them because they are to young to make that decision.  Our leaders determined that when the young civilization reaches out for the stars, then they should be mature enough to make a decision to either join the Star Federation or go their own way without interference.  
If it had not been for the attacks by the Grrth and our defense, we would not have come to the attention of the ancient Gazer civilization.  We think they live on gas giant planets.  They hijacked us and left us defenseless.  They have been interfering with other civilizations for thousands of years and at war with one, the one we call Twin Planets.  They are the ones that informed us of the situation and instructed us on how to escape.  That put our minds back here where you had our bodies.  
We must consider this information, came the thought.  Explain what this Star Federation does.  
Sissy replied, Every species governs itself and some planets also govern themselves.  The Star Federation is a framework over all that smooths the way for trade among the planets, and different species.  Some planets have more than one species living together.  The exchange of ideas, and physical goods is handled by the traders.  Until we were attacked by the Grrth we had no common warriors.  We banded together to create a warrior group to defend all.  Some species are better at some things than others.  With the exchange of knowledge we all benefited and survived.  
Our our explorers found remains of two extinct civilizations.  Our leaders realized that separately we would suffer the same fate.  Both had been utterly destroyed by an outside enemy.  Our explorers are task with the mission of finding other civilizations and if they are mature enough, offer them the choice of joining the Star Federation.  If they decline, they get none of the benefits of the Star Federation.  However, they will know they are not alone.  
Again the thought came to Sissy, What benefit would an older civilization gain from your young Star Federation.  
Sissy replied, That I do not know.  It would be up to them.  
Again Sissy heard, Your star federation has nothing to offer us, your weapons are primitive compared to ours.  
Sissy fired back the thought, Warrior technology is not traded among the members.  The technology to build my spacecraft is a combination of technologies of three members, however the weapons on the ship are were jointly developed by only two.  One weapon on the spacecraft was originally developed by my species as a mining tool and refined to make it a weapon.  Any warrior technology you posses remains yours.  Any warships remain yours.  Any planets you occupy remain yours.  Non-warrior technology is shared free among the members of the Federation, like the information gained from our exploration.  Physical goods like machinery and raw materials are traded.  I, as an explorer, offer you the choice of advancing your civilization.  The choice is yours.  Other exploration ships from the Star Federation will eventually come this way.  If you don't join the Star Federation we will simply note your civilizations border and none of our traders or explorers will come here again.  
Then another voice thought, How can we be sure you are telling us the truth?  
Sissy leaned back and sighed, Build a ship of equal technology to mine.  Travel to our Space Federation space and look around.  Let your delegation contact our leaders.  Communicate with them.  Make your own decision.  Or you can allow me and my ship to transport or guide the delegation.  Our fastest propulsion system will take several weeks travel to reach the border of the Space Federation and Alliance.  
Done, came back the thought, an equal number of your crew will remain here until the delegation returns.  Choose your crew.  We will depart today.  The delegation will consist of twenty persons. 
* * *


The Delegation

An hour later Sissy had completed briefing the complete crew including the three that returned to their bodies first.  She had enough volunteers to remain behind including over half the marines. 
The crew was guided to another room and then transported to the RED WARRIOR QUEEN.  Captain Star had the crew gather all the clothing and personal belongings of the ones that stayed behind gathered up and sent down to them.  
Then the delegation moved in and their engineering crew installed something in the main cargo bay.  
Sissy gave the delegation leaders a tour of the ship and bridge.  After returning to her office she ordered the ship to head for Avian.  Then she explained the history of Avian to them, how they were discovered while under attack from the Grrth and the battle that happened.  
Captain Star announced over the intercom, “Admiral, I don't know what happened, but we are dropping into the Avian system.  We've been challenged and cleared for the planet, ETA 15 minutes.  
After circling the planet several times the Froth leader, Mellow, informed Sissy that enough data had been gathered. 
Sissy then told Captain Star, “Take us to Lost, Nablus, HoM, and then SFGSS in that order.  It wasn't until they approached the SFGSS that they were denied permission to proceed.  
Three warships circled them and a shuttle came over.  Captain Star was informed that she was to escort the boarding party to Admiral Medina's office.  
RDML Elizabeth Yanez accompanied by Seven Admiral and Brown Turnage the captain of WARFISH 2 entered the office. 
Sissy saw Seven and jumped to her feet and rushed across and embraced him.  
“Not so tight, you'll crush me.” chirped his translator. 
Sissy backed up with tears in her eyes and said, “I thought we'd lost you.” 
Elizabeth cleared her throat and announced, “Don't I get a hug from the lost sheep?” and thought, What did you bring back. 
As Sissy gave her a hug she thought, They are a technologically advanced old civilization in decline that may decide to join the Federation.  Then aloud she said, “This is Mellow, the leader of the Froth delegation to determine if we are a suitable Star Federation worth joining.” 
Mellow stood and offered his hand palm outward.  Seven touched the end of his tentacle to Mellows hand and then Elizabeth and Turnage did the same only palm to palm.  
As they were seated Elizabeth stated, “This isn't the original RED WARRIOR QUEEN, it set off to many alarms, and the last scan shows anomalies that can't be explained.  The weapons systems don't even respond correctly.  The only thing on the ship that appears original is the crew that was contacted by relatives.  Therefore anyone desiring to approach the SFGSS will go through a complete biological scan and travel in our furnished shuttles.  That includes your guest. 
“Representative Mellow, I would appreciate it if you would contact your other spacecraft and request that they return to normal space nearby.”  
Mellow put his hand to his head and after a moment said, “I was not informed that a stealth war-craft would be following this ship.  The captain refuses to enter normal space, however he will not approach closer.  He also request that you remove the targeting missiles that he detected.” 
Elizabeth replied, “Relay to him that those are automatic and will not be removed.  The only safe location around the Star Federation government headquarters is in normal space.  Those missiles cannot exist in normal space.  His choice.  
“Sissy, we've had many advances since you left to explore.  We were contacted by another species and due to their distance we've only had mental contact.  Zorn was very impressed with you and the way you departed the Perseus arm.  You did some major psychological damage to their enemy.  They report that the Gazers have mentally withdrawn from several species that they were tampering with. 
“The technology transfer he arranged has allowed us to physically secure our borders.  We now also have a society monitoring department that watches for external influences to our natural development.  
We've also located two more species that are planet bound.  We'll watch them for a few centuries before making contact. 
“We've also been warned about another species that has the same civilization profile as the Grrth that is headed this way.  Their next leap will probably bring them into the Froth empire.”  
“Admiral, we have an unknown ship that just appeared to our galactic north.” came over the intercom. 
Sissy said, “Mellow, is that your other ship.” 
Mellow replied, “Yes, the captain wants to know how you drained his power?”  
Then Captain Turnage stated, “Tell him we just used a very destructive weapon on very very low power.  We can drain energy at any speed we want.  We used one of the lowest settings because he has some of our people aboard his ship.  We would rather not kill them or him.  I will guarantee him and his ship safe passage as soon as he returns our people.” 
Elizabeth then stated, “Mellow, you and your crew are also guaranteed safe passage and we would enjoy you visiting our government facilities.  Tomorrow a general meeting is scheduled and you are invited.  We will be back to pick you up early.” 
With that the got up and left.  
Sissy contemplated Mellow sitting across from her desk and finally said, “Is your ships captain going to arrange the transfer of my people to this ship or to one of the other ships?”  
Mellow replied, “He outranks me, I cannot order it.  She was right, this ship is not the one you arrived in.  We had to rebuild yours because we disassembled it while you and your crew were asleep.  Another problem is that the energy fields to keep this ship together are supplied by my other ship and it is nearly exhausted.  
Sissy immediately mentally contacted Captain Star, Notify all surrounding ships that we need emergency evacuation.  Notify all personnel we are abandoning ship and that includes the Froth personnel.  
Sissy watched as the RED WARRIOR QUEEN disintegrated into about a thousand slices.  Looking at Mellon she asked, “Is there any reason not to destroy this hazard to navigation. 
After a moment he answered, “There are no dangerous machines on what's left of your ship.” 
Sissy reached for the shuttle radio, “Attention all ships, as soon as all shuttles and personnel are accounted for, inform your weapons masters that the remains of the RED WARRIOR QUEEN may be used for target practice, as a hazard to navigation.” 
Mellon then said, “My ships captain request permission to join in the target practice also.” 
Then Sissy announced over the radio, “All ships form up on the Froth ship, they will also be participating in target practice.” 
It took less than 5 minutes for the remains of the RED WARRIOR QUEEN to be reduced to atom size dust. 
* * *


The meeting

The Captain of the Froth ship joined Mellow for the visit to the SFGSS the next morning.  Both took an instant dislike to the Alliance representative from the Kerth.  However, they liked everyone else.  
After two days reviewing the history of the Star Federation and Alliance.  Mellow announced, “We will make a favorable report to our government leaders and recommend joining the Star Federation.  However we will not recommend relations with the Kerth.  Will that cause problems?  We will return in the morning for an answer.”  
Sissy and Elizabeth gave them a formal diner and during the after dinner talk Elizabeth asked, “Sissy mentioned that at one time you had an alliance with another species.  What happened to them?”  
The Captain of the Froth ship replied, “During the war with the Grrth most of their colonies and home planet were destroyed.  They took the brunt of the attacks.  They were a very proud people.  A mistake by a politician is what started the war we had with them, and we surrendered to them with conditions to end it.  Anyway with most of their resources destroyed they just packed up their survivors and left.  We tracked them several hundred yellow stars toward the end of the spiral arm before our ships turned back.  If I remember my history correctly their name for their species was The People.  The history books speak highly of them, but also list their faults.”  
Sissy looked at the Captain and Mellow, “I think I know where their descendants are settled.  When the war started we tracked a Grrth several hundred light years down the arm.  There was a species there that was in its early space exploration stage within a single star system.  The Grrth went that far for no reason that we could think of.  Our quick survey of the system showed a few anomalies, but nothing that definitely pointed toward them being a colony.  I would like all the information you have on them and then I think I will explore in that direction.”  
The next morning in the SFGSS assembly hall the announcement was make to Mellow and the Captain. 
The members of the Space Federation see no reasonable reason why the Froth species should be excluded from joining as full members.  The Kerth are part of an Alliance that is not a full member of the Star Federation, however they are a friendly trading partner under the cap government agreement between the Star Federation and Alliance.  Members of sentient species like members of any family may disagree and even dislike each other.  That is not a reason to exclude, so long as no warlike activities occur between the sentient species, all may coexist.  Like members of a family one may not communicate with another, yet they are still members of the same family and will be expected to come to the aid of the other in dangerous times, and then may part when the danger is no longer eminent.  The Kerth have agreed to this, it is up to your government to decide.  
Mellow then said, “We thank you for your consideration and honesty.  My leaders will make a decision and inform you.”  
Then the Captain added, “As commander of the Froth space forces, I will welcome warships from your Star Federation on friendly visits.  A password will be given to Commandant Yanez.  Thank you for your courtesy and a pleasurable visit.” 
* * *


RED WARRIOR QUEEN II

The SEAL captain that delivered the RED WARRIOR QUEEN II to Sissy simply said, “Please bring this ship back in one piece.  Most of the old crew volunteered to go with you again so you only have six new crew and five new marines.  Unofficially, there are three marines on medical leave that request assignment to your ship next trip.  All three have added you to their records as honorary next of kin.  
Sissy sat with Commandant Yanez and discussed her next exploration direction.  “I got all the history and data available from Captain Fellow.  I will try to verify if the civilization we found is in fact descendants of The People.  That will be only one stop.  My plan is to go down another 100 parsecs and back up the other side of the arm unless I find something really interesting.” 
“Well Sissy, when do you intend to start?” asked Elizabeth. 
Sissy replied, “The ship should be fully stocked in two days, I'll leave then.” 
# # #



About the Author

{My claim to fame, written by someone else. Thanks.} As an earthbound retiree, Stephen writes mostly science fiction and short stories. He is a voracious reader and has written for a few years, publishing his stories on Smashwords. 
I've loved westerns and science fiction since I picked up my first book at the public library. 
You don't have to be a professional reader critique a story. Leave your comments either at my email address [Saturn2017@gmail.com], or on my Smashwords page [link]. Thanks!
I hope you enjoy them! 
