       


Billy
By A.H.French


Published By A.H.French @ Smashwords
Copyright Â© 2019 A.H.French






Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.





CHARACTERS

Billy—from boy to man
Alex—alien ship
Roger, Jane Calloway—Billy's parents
Joy—Jane's sister/ Billy's Aunt
Fred and Mary Johnson, Family next door






Table of Contents

CHAPTER 1 1939  
CHAPTER 2 1949  
CHAPTER 3 A Painful Start  
CHAPTER 4 Time to Tell All 
CHAPTER 5 Moving On To A New Life 
CHAPTER 6 Fishing 
CHAPTER 7 Good News 
CHAPTER 8 Earthquake and The Aftermath. 
CHAPTER 9 The Ship 
CHAPTER 10 The Choice 
CHAPTER 11 Aid for Stranded Ship. 
CHAPTER 12 Andaran Prime 
CHAPTER 13 Joy 
CHAPTER 14 Meeting 
CHAPTER 15 Charade 
CHAPTER 16 Doubts 
CHAPTER 17 Question Answered 
CHAPTER 18 Go Or Stay 
CHAPTER 19  Return? 
CHAPTER 20 More Answers 
CHAPTER 21 Return To Summerville 
About the Author 


















CHAPTER 1 1939 


It was the fall of 1939 and school was just starting. Jane Marlow walked into her home room and sat down in the vacant seat that was available. Her family had lived in Little Rock for the past fourteen years. After this year she would be going back to PA. to attend Penn State. 

Marge Marlow had been diagnosed with scarlet fever when Jane was three. For a few months it was not known if her mother would live. The powers that be gave her the strength to pull through. Though she regained her health, doctors told her she was barren; no more children. Shortly after that, Peter was offered a promotion that would take them out of Pittsburgh, PA.; out of the cold dry weather which would make life easier on Jane. The family moved to Little Rock, Arkansas and started a new life. Within weeks Marge was asked if she knew of anyone who would adopt a newborn baby. Marge told the church to look no further. The little girl was adopted that day and called Joy.  Jane didn't understand the quick addition to the family, so her mom explained that she could have no more children and this child had been abandoned. This event was good for both the child and Jane's mother. Jane soon came to the realization, having a little sister was not bad at all. The two of them became fast friends and as far as anyone knew they were sisters.  

Sitting there, she heard laughter outside the door and looked up just as Roger Calloway entered the room. He stopped and looked right into her big blue eyes and stated he sincerely would like to have a date with her. The teacher walked in before anything else could be said and told everyone to take a seat. After attendance was taken the teacher went over the classes and the rooms they were held in. As he went down the list she wrote in the room number for each of her classes. And so started the final year in Aldridge high. 


It took about a week to get familiar with her schedule and get to her classes without being late. After the first week She started to relax and actually enjoy school. The only problem she had was the southern twang the others spoke with. She was sure in time she would adapt. As she left school on Tuesday a voice behind her made her stop and turn around. It was Roger and he asked if she'd mind if he walked along with her till he got down town  "No problem," she said. He told her his full name and asked her in turn for hers. He then mentioned a sock hop was in the gym on Friday. If she'd like to go, he'd pick her up at seven and have her home by ten. " I'll let you know tomorrow as I need to check with Mom and Dad." "Okay; see you tomorrow." From that point on they were inseparable. 

The week before Christmas, Jane told Roger she was expecting. Roger went to his parents and told them he was getting married and the reason for it. Jane did the same. Roger's parents asked Jane to come live with them while Roger went to college. So, the happy couple settled in and Roger got his degree in medicine. After a year, neither liked living in the city, so they found a farm in Summerville that was the perfect answer for them. Roger was tired of living in a hospital and unable to spend any time with the family. Between farming and a part time job in town, they had the life that satisfied everyone.  



Summerville was the perfect place. It had a movie theater, bowling ally, drive in theater. a few very nice family restaurants and the folks were always friendly. At an early age, Roger would take his son Billy, and his dog Shep, to the job on those Saturdays when he had to work in the morning. The townspeople made a lot of Billy and his partner. As long as Billy did not go too far from the feed store, Roger didn't worry about his son. The farmers who came to  the feed store for goods got a kick out of watching Billy chase Shep and Shep chase Billy. When asked, Billy would help the customers find what they were searching for and proudly walk up to the counter and set the item down for his dad to finish the transaction. On those Saturdays when Roger was free, he and Billy would go fishing down at the stream. They both noticed a rather large trout swimming in the shade of a tree overhanging the water. At one time or another each had had the fun of hooking him, but he always got away. Still they brought home a few trout for dinner, Jane thought she couldn't be happier. She had a husband and son who loved her as much as she loved them. life couldn't get any better.  


CHAPTER 2 1949 

Everyone was astounded by the winter in 1948/49. The Southern part of the country had snow from December to February and lots of it. By the end of March it was gone and the temperatures rose to the sixties. The farmers began to wonder if they would have a harvest this year. It was rain. rain, and Cold nights that kept them from planting seed. the feed store was a regular hangout to hash over the problems of the weather and any thing else that was brought up. But by May all was looking up.


It was the middle of June, 1949, and the weather so far had been a little odd. The Almanac was more like a book of fiction because it was so far from getting the weather forecast right. When it rained, It came down so hard it looked like a fog. On clear days the winds raced across the south and blew loose items far from their original spot. It was forecast the hurricane season would be bad without accounting for the number of tornadoes. But true to their nature, people moved on with their lives and took it in stride. At the end of June the weather took a breather and nice weather came to the south. 

It is here we take up the story of nine year old Billy. Billy and his parents loved their farm in Summerville, Ark. It was clean and prosperous. It was a vegetable farm with a variety of fruit trees. Though not rich, they had a comfortable life. Jane Calloway was a stay at home mother and Roger worked at a local feed store and worked the farm. Billy thrived at school and was highly regarded for his mental acumen. Jane,  relished the time outdoors, after years of being stuck inside. Even keeping the rows cleaned out in the rows of vegetables and spraying the fruit trees was preferable to being inside. Roger loved the farm life and working at the feed store made the people in town more at ease. In an emergency they had Roger, a qualified doctor, to aid them. But this happy life was about to change.  

CHAPTER 3 A Painful Start 


Billy Calloway, loved to ride in the back of his dad's 1948 pick-up truck. He and his dog, Shep, were well known in the little town of Summerville, Arkansas.  His tenth birthday was a week away on July ninth and Billy was counting the hours. His Mom and Dad promised to take him to town for an ice cream sundae. During that week, Billy had to be reminded to do his chores in the morning, feed Shep, and not forget washing up or taking a bath. The only thing he did remember was that trout waiting for him down at the stream. Finally, that special day arrived. No one would ever forget that day. Mom had made his favorite lunch; burgers and potato salad. Being a Saturday it was his Dad's alternate day to work in the shop till noon. Promptly at twelve thirty Dad pulled into the drive way. In the back of the truck, Dad had gotten him a new fishing rod and reel. If it wasn't for that ice cream sundae, he would be down by the creek fishing for that large trout that broke his line last week.

Once the meal was over, Mom cleaned up and Dad went to change clothes for that ride to the soda shop. Mom and Dad got into the front seat of the truck and Billy jumped in back. Shep was nowhere to be seen. Dad said he was probably out chasing a rabbit. They waited a few minutes, but no Shep was to be seen. He started up the truck and they headed for town. Just after turning onto the main highway a car came speeding up behind them with a police car in hot pursuit. As the speeding car passed, it blew a tire and spun into the truck. The truck left the highway and rolled over several times. The police car radioed for help and the officer went to check the fellow in the car. He was a mess and would never cause anymore problems. He then proceeded over to the truck. He radioed a man and woman had been thrown from the truck and medical help was Marlow cough. Turning around he went back to the truck and walked enlarging circles from it. Forty yards from the truck he found Billy. Other than breathing, there wasn't any sign of movement. Two Ambulances arrived and took the three of them to the hospital. Unfortunately Mr. and Mrs. Calloway passed away before they arrived at the emergency room. Billy was rushed up to the x-ray machine and had x-rays of his entire body taken. Then the doctors cleaned and bandaged his wounds and put him in the ICU ward. 

The hospital could find no immediate family in Arkansas. They went back through the records and found Jane Calloway, aka Jane Marlow, had a sister named Joy Marlow.
Asking for help in finding Joy went all the way to the state authorities. A quick search turned up only a couple of names and after a few phone calls Joy was found in a little town in Oregon.  Calling the local law enforcement and explaining the situation sent them to the school Joy was teaching in.

The officer entered the office and had Joy brought down to him. Taking her outside and sitting down on a bench with her he carefully explained what had happened to her sister and brother-in law. Not waiting for the officer to continue, she asked about Her nephew, Billy. After finding out he was alive and in a coma, she asked to be kept informed if he came out of it. Not only would they do that, but the airlines would fly her to Little Rock on the next available flight. After the policeman left, she went to see the principal to make arrangements for a hasty trip to the airport when she got any information concerning her nephew. It was a few months later she got the news, they were hopeful Billy would wake up in the next week to ten days. Calling school and packing her suitcase, she called the airlines and they had a plane departing for Little Rock at six that evening. Her ticket would be there when she arrived.

For weeks he lay motionless in a coma; kept alive by intravenous feeding tubes. His mind replayed that noise of the car and truck hitting, the shock of being thrown in the air, and the awful sound and feeling as he hit the ground.  Then everything went dark. He was sure he heard sirens and people calling out orders. But again everything went dark.

Each day the doctors checked on him at the start of their shift. Finally, after three months, a murmur was heard by a nurse making her rounds at midnight. She rushed to the nurses station and called for a medical team after hitting the "red alert" button. A resident and a pediatric intern rushed to the nurses station and followed her. On the way she told them she had heard a murmur and was sure it was Billy. After a quick check, they were sure he was coming out of his coma. They called down and had a nurses aide come and stay by his side till morning and report any other signs of waking and or movement.  After leaving the boy, the doctor called human services and told them to call Joy Marlow at the hotel where she was staying and let her know Billy was awake. As he left the nurses station, he thought of the little boy and the shock when he found out his parents had passed away.

Billy awoke with a terrible headache and for a minute was totally confused. Where was he and how did he get here? Turning his head he saw a girl in a pink and white outfit sitting next to the bed he was in. For some reason his voice was not functioning properly. He tried to talk, but only a croak came out. Hearing that sound, the girl called out "he's awake". A nurse and someone else entered the room. Billy looked at them in confusion. Seeing this, the man told him he was Doctor Richards and for him to relax so they could examine him. Again Billy tried to say something, but a raspy cough was all that came out. The Doctor told the aide to get a glass of water and a straw. Within a minute the straw was placed by his lips and he started sucking in that cold fluid. After a sip or two, they set it down on the table by the bed. The doctor went over him carefully from head to toe. Billy asked them what was happening. 

Doctor Richards then explained he had been in an automobile accident. The doctor, so as not to cause him discomfort, Did not elaborate. He explained he was the resident on duty and a highly trained professional would stop by and check him out, shortly. He went on to say as far as he could tell he had fully healed from his injuries. He was about to say something else when a loudspeaker called his name and he had to leave. After a few more sips of water he laid his head back onto the pillow and asked for something for his headache. When the nurse returned she tipped a paper cup and two pills entered his mouth. a sip of water and within a minute he was fast asleep.


CHAPTER 4 Time to Tell All


Later that day, Billy awoke to find a different nurse going by his room. She must be checking other patients further down the hallway. Though fully rested and wide awake, he found he couldn't roll over. In fact; except for his right arm, he couldn't move anything other than his head. He remembered that another doctor was to come and see him today. While he waited, the nurse came in with a tray of food, sat down and started feeding him. He offered to feed himself if she would put the tray on the bed stand. She politely told him the doctors did not want him moving around till they had the opportunity to check on his condition. After finishing the light meal he felt better. He put his head down into the pillow and nodded off into a restful sleep. Voices speaking softly woke him up. Opening his eyes, he noticed the nurse and two men in white coats setting up some kind of machine. when finished, they turned and looked at Billy and smiled. "Hello Billy. My name is Doctor Stanton and this other fellow is a technician that will place pads on different areas of you body so we can see what the effects of the accident had on you. As the technician covered him with sticky pads, Doctor Stanton placed a ring on his finger and, as soon as the technician nodded his head, started at his toes and worked his way up.  Each time the doctor touched his body he told him he felt a pin prick. The read out from the machine showed reaction time of the pin pricks in relation to Billy's reaction. Doctor Stanton carefully looked at the paper graph and then looked at a large binder full of papers. He slowly shook his head and turned to look Billy straight in the eye.

"You have feeling in every part of your body; but a considerable time lapse to your reaction to the pin. Your concussion is fully healed and all physical damage from the accident has also healed. I have to tell you the bad news. Only your head and right arm will move. There may be damage to you spinal chord which we cannot, at this time, repair. In time you may again get the use of the other parts of your body; but only time will tell." Doctor Stanton went on to say he had a visitor waiting to see him. Thinking it would be his mother or father, he asked if he could see them. "Wait a second"  the doctor said and left the room. When he returned he had his aunt Joy in tow. The doctor nodded to the group and they filed out so Billy would have privacy with his aunt.

She came over and sat on the edge of the bed and told him she had a number of things they had to discuss. Aunt Joy was the sweetest lady he knew other than his mother. Looking at her eyes, he knew there was something wrong. What was so important that She came all the way from Oregon to see him. "Billy, It breaks my heart to have to tell you this; but your mom and dad are no longer with us. They passed away on the way to the hospital." He was shocked and said it wasn't possible. She cupped his face in her hands and said,"there's more." Other than your right arm and head, you are paralyzed at this time. The doctors believe, that in time you may get some use of your body after the shock wears off." Sharing a hug, they both let their tears flow.  Shortly it was time to move on with the rest of what will transpire in the coming months and years. 

"We have two choices, she said. You can come live with me in Oregon, or I can come here to live on the farm. " Without waiting, he told her they should live on the farm. "Your neighbors, the Johnson's will care for you till I make arrangements to sell my house and move my belongings out to the farm." She said it would take a week to ten days and she would be back. He was not going to be released from the hospital till they had his wheel chair adjusted to his body size. By then it will only be a day or two and they would be together on the farm. After they had things straightened out, she would take him to the cemetery to say goodbye to his mom and dad. The second thing they discussed was home schooling. He eagerly agreed to this as he didn't want people staring at him and feeling sorry about his condition. Knowing how your dad was about farming, the place would be in tip top shape. Come harvest time they would hire a few people to take the produce to market and sell it for them. After that it was either work the farm or lease the land and orchards to another farmer. Billy liked the second option the best. It was time for Aunt Joy to say farewell and start the process of moving here. As she walked by the nurses station the Doctor asked how things went. "For what Billy had been through, he was making the best of a bad situation. With support and love he would be fine in a few months." She thanked the staff and proceeded out of the hospital.


CHAPTER 5 Moving On To A New Life


Moving as fast as possible, it still took two weeks to get her life in Oregon wound up. A friend of hers was in Real Estate and would sell the house and deposit the check in her account. A moving company came and boxed and loaded what she was taking with her. What was left was sold in a garage sale or donated to a non profit to help those in need. With suitcase in hand, she boarded the flight to Little Rock and thought about Billy and the new life that was taking shape. It broke the hearts of her fifth grade children when she told them she was leaving to help a family member in need. She had no spouse or family to say goodbye to, making it easier to leave. Upon arrival at the Little Rock airport, she rented a car and proceeded to drive to Summerville. On the way through town she stopped at the hospital to see if there was anything special she needed to know in taking care of Billy. The doctor said the only thing you might do is massage his arms and legs a couple times a week. It might help; it might not.

Not wasting any time she drove out to the Johnson's farm to pick up Billy and hopefully spend the rest of the day adjusting to the life ahead. They would both have to make allowances to avoid friction. She arrived at the Johnson's just before two o'clock. Having already called them from the airport, they had a lunch prepared and Billy's things ready to go. Joy thanked them both for taking care of Billy and seeing to his needs. Putting his clothes and other items in the trunk, she got Billy into the car and his wheelchair in the back seat. Pulling out of the driveway and beeping the horn farewell, they headed home. 

She told Billy it will be a little awkward for her to help him into and out of his chair, but practice will make it easier as each day goes by. In a couple minutes they were home and so started their life together. She stopped at the mailbox and retrieved the mail. On top was a message from the town addressed to her and Billy. Putting the car in park she proceeded to open the note. It read as follows; "We hope you find the changes to the house we made are satisfactory. If there are any other alterations needed, you be sure to make the town hall aware of it. Signed: Your friends of Summerville." As she drove up to the house, she was stunned at what she saw. A ramp had been attached to the porch which would make it easy for Billy to come and go without Joy having to lift a finger. Once inside she noticed all the door frames had been widened to accommodate the wheel chair. Tears started down Joy's face and Billy asked her why she was crying. She told him she wasn't used to kindness like what had been done to help them out. She headed for the kitchen and asked Billy if he would like something to drink as she was going to make tea for herself. He said he thought there might be some lemonade and he would really like a glass if there was. As she was busy doing that he went to his room and there he found a suspended handle near the head of his bed. It was attached to a cable which led to a motor attached to the ceiling. He looked the handle over and noticed two buttons. One labeled up and the other labeled down. This would make it easier for Aunt Joy to help him in and out of bed. When he returned to the living room She had just set the trey down with the drinks. He told her what he had found when he entered his room. Looking at Billy she said, The town really knew how to make one feel at home. After tea she said she had to put clothes away for both of them. As she was coming in, Billy said he was going to get some fresh air. 

Down the ramp he went and out into the yard. He thought to himself, "I wonder if this wheel chair could make it over to the stream. Going around to the back he was amazed to find a gravel path wide enough for his wheel chair to go on. Without a thought, he proceeded down the path. A few minutes later he was at his favorite spot; watching the fish swim along the bottom. He must have lost track of time as he heard Aunt Joy calling him. "Follow the path" he answered. She was there in a minute and 
looking around, understood his reason for being there. It was peaceful listening to the noise the stream made, She could see the fish at the bottom of the stream; a quiet breeze. and shade trees nearby. She asked Billy if this path was always there and he replied, "not like it is now." After a few minutes they headed back to the house. 

Sitting at the kitchen table, they started putting a plan together on the daily things that had to be done. First, the hours spent on education followed by body massages every other day. Then came time allotted for TV and homework. He gave her the schedule mom had used for shopping, cleaning, and groceries. Together they made up a weeks menu for all three meals and snacks before bedtime. Daily hygiene was tricky but he had to be clean and he would have to get over his modesty. She would get toothpaste on his toothbrush and have water set to rinse.  Bathing was going to be a problem She asked if he thought a hose would do the trick. After the laughter stopped, they agreed that whatever else came up they would resolve it as easily as they could. 

Mr. Johnson stopped in to see if things were okay. Billy asked him if there was a way to attach a fishing pole to his wheelchair so he could try to catch that large trout down in the stream. Mr. Johnson said he would look into it and was sure they could come up with something. So started the life of an aunt, who loved her nephew, and a boy, who loved his aunt. Within a week Mr Johnson arrived with a device that easily attached to the wheel chair. The unique design allowed Billy to attach it one handed to the wheel chair arm. A small clip was attached to the base and would hold the hook while Billy attached the bait to it. Then grabbing the base of the rod and pulling back on it would lock it in place. Push the button and the spring loaded attachment would cast his line into the water. Billy got the hang of it after a few tries. To show her appreciation, she baked her favorite crumb cake and dropped it off for the Johnson's to enjoy. 

Within a few weeks the two of them were smoothly getting on with life. Billy found that he could take schooling at his own speed and Joy was avid in keeping him interested in learning. He was learning at a rate that kept Joy on her toes. What Billy lacked physically, he more than made up for in the classroom. He wasn't eleven yet, and already was taking freshman courses and excelling in his studies. At this rate, he would be ready to take his GED test for his high school diploma before his sixteenth birthday. The librarian in town let it be known The boy was flourishing under his aunts tutelage. Those that worried about an aunt he hardly knew raising him, soon changed their minds. When in town, the people went out of their way to compliment her on how well Billy was doing.


CHAPTER 6 Fishing


Not wanting to overdo it, Joy made a picnic basket and told Billy to get his pole and they would fish and enjoy a picnic lunch under a shade tree down at the stream He was ready to go before she had the basket packed. She attached a fold up chair onto the back of the wheel chair and together they made their way to the stream. The townspeople had made a wooden backstop where Billy usually tossed his line in. It helped Joy relax and kept Billy safe, in case he snagged that big trout. Joy, being no slouch, emptied the basket and lined the bottom with grass for any fish he might catch. After an hour and no luck, they went to the shade of an oak tree and had lunch, Tuna sandwiches, potato chips and a cola made a very good lunch with a chocolate chip cookie to round out the meal, Billy felt reinvigorated and made his way back to the stream. In less than a half hour he had caught four nice sized trout. "Well Billy, looks like fish and chips for dinner tonight." Soon The weather changed. There was no snow, but the temps stayed around fifty during the day and thirty five to forty at night. That kept them in the house more. Joy found board games in the closet of a spare room and they played games after Billy finished his homework after dinner. She watched the news while Billy took care of the lessons that had been taught that day. Once in a while the temp would go into the mid fifty's and Billy would go down to the stream and fish for awhile. If he caught anything, Joy would clean it and deep fry it for dinner. The two of them really enjoyed those fish dinners. This winter was not as bad as winters of the last few years. One day, coming home from shopping, she noticed buds on some of the trees. Spring would soon be here and once again they could enjoy the times they shared outdoors. It was about this time that Billy asked Joy if she would take him to the cemetery to see mom and dads resting place. Joy felt terrible. She had promised Billy she would take him to the cemetery almost a year ago. She was so busy making life smooth for them, she forgot about that promise. "Billy, go get your jacket while I get the keys for the car." After getting him in the car and the wheelchair in the back seat, she pulled out of the driveway and made haste to the cemetery. 

It took her a minute to remove the wheelchair and get Billy placed in it, Then, leading the way she led Billy to the headstones, She felt Billy should have his privacy at this time and left him alone. She walked around for a few minutes looking at the statues and then returned. As she walked near, she heard Billy say " I miss you mom and you to Dad. Thank you for making it possible for Aunt Joy to come help me make it through life. Because of her, I see a chance for a bright future. I guess that's it. Oh I forgot, I'm still trying to catch that big trout. I'll come to see you again. Bless you both."  She walked in front of him and asked if he was ready to go. "Yes and thank you for being you." She bent over and gave him a hug and they went back to the car. Joy ran into the librarian the next day and the librarian told her there was a movie at the theater her and Billy might enjoy. It was a comedy with Bob Hope, but she didn't remember the name of it. Joy thanked her and headed back home. When they sat down to dinner she asked if he would like to go see a movie with Bob Hope in it. She could tell he felt a little self conscious, but he said sure. It will do us both good to get out and try something different. 

When they entered the theater the screen still played ads and coming attractions. She stopped at the snack bar and asked Billy, "what do you recommend for a snack during the movie." his answer was popcorn and they both laughed as the counterman got them a large popcorn with lots of butter. The movie wouldn't win an Oscar, but had quite a few laughs in it. Afterward, they meandered around main street and window shopped for a while. Everyone they met was amicable and friendly. Looking at her watch, she told Billy he had homework to do. So they returned to the car and went home. They had a lively discussion the next morning about the movie. Each had their parts of the movie they liked and parts that left them in limbo. It was agreed however, that the evening had been a win win situation.


CHAPTER 7 Good News


Time passed swiftly and the aunt and nephew were inseparable. Billy had just turned fifteen and had taken his GED tests for his diploma. She asked Billy at dinner if he planned to attend college. if he passed. Billy thought for a minute before answering. " I may attend, but it will have to be a local college. She asked "why"; he answered, "I can't be truly happy away from you and my home." Just then they heard a scraping at the front door. Joy got up and opened the door and in ran Shep. Billy couldn't believe his eyes. Shep trotted over and laid his head in Billy's lap. Joy was in a state of shock. Where had he been these last five years. Looking closer, she could tell the dog had traveled a great distance and was worn out. She went into the kitchen and brought back a bowl of water and a can of tuna in another bowl. Both were empty in seconds. He then laid down in front of Billy and never moved until bedtime. 

He followed them into Billy's room and after Billy got into bed he jumped up and laid at the bottom next to his feet. Now that they were settled, she rummaged around and found the dog dishes and a small carpet that used to be by the chair in the living room. the chair was no longer there. room was needed for the wheelchair to maneuver. Moving the wheelchair to its normal place, she laid the carpet a foot to the side so he could lie next to Billy and not hinder his mobility. After the long day, she went to bed and wondered what tomorrow would bring. Early the next morning a cold nose, touching her hand, woke her up. Getting her housecoat on she followed Shep, thinking he wanted out. Instead he led her into Billy's room. Billy was still asleep, but from the movement of his head and his hands she knew he was dreaming. The movements of his hands!! Both hands and arms were moving ever so slightly as he slept. Patting Shep on the head she left the room and went to make coffee. 

When she stopped at the counter, a cold nose touched her hand. "In a minute boy; coffee first and your meal next." Another large can of tuna and a drink of water disappeared and over to the back door he went. She ambled over and opened the door and away he went. She thought to herself, "at least he's still house broken. After the first cup of coffee she heard Billy's arm lift drop down. She walked in and Billy was sitting up holding onto the bar with both hands. "Nice to see you haven't forgotten how to use your left hand", she said. A look of utter shock came on his face as he looked at the bar. Then he smiled. "One small step for the doctor and one for me." She came over and gave him a big hug; thanking him for not giving up on the use of his limbs. Getting him up and into his wheel chair; she went to make him breakfast. He came into the kitchen and asked for a cup of coffee with two sugars to celebrate a step in the right direction. As she poured coffee, Billy went to the rear door and opened it. There was Shep waiting patiently for someone to let him in. The day couldn't have started off any better, thought Joy. Off to the store they went to get Dog food and set up an appointment for Shep at the vet right after breakfast. When once more at home, Joy called the doctor at the hospital and gave him the good news that Billy had regained the use of his left arm. He replied; what great news, but don't get too excited. " He may or may not make more improvements. If he does; celebrate. if not be happy for him, as he can do more than yesterday".


CHAPTER 8 Earthquake and The Aftermath.


Joy was not overly pleased with what the doctor had told her, but after mulling it over in her mind for a while, she new he was right. Now she had to give Billy some exercises to strengthen his hand, wrist, biceps, and shoulder. The good from all of this is, Billy could do more and rely less on Joy or others he came in contact with. She was so thrilled with the happenings of the last couple days, she made Billy his favorite meal and followed that with Apple pie alamode. Even Shep got a bite of apple pie that Billy accidentally dropped off his fork?? The nice days returned and when the temps were over sixty, billy could go fishing with Shep by his side after his duties and exercises were done. Weeks went by and life was on a good footing. Then the summer storms hit and for many days they were marooned in the house. Joy thought it highly unusual to have this many storms. The news gave a running count on tornado's and they surpassed past years by a wide margin. Even Billy noticed the weather was unusually harsh. Finally the weather people gave them some good news. No storms or tornado's in the forecast for the next four days. Billy just flew through the jobs and his exercises to get outdoors and enjoy some decent weather. When outdoors, Shep would race in circles around them and act like a little puppy. Came the weekend and the weather was still nice. Billy said he was going fishing when he had finished his exercises. Joy told him to go ahead; she had one more load of clothes to put in the dryer and she would join them shortly. Billy grabbed his pole and bait and headed to the path. Shep was by the back door, but made no move to go with him. Okay, said Billy, come down with Aunt Joy when she comes. Then, off down the path he went. Shortly, he stopped and listened. There was a low rumble and the ground was shaking. He turned his wheelchair and as he started back the ground gave way all around him. He fell through the hole; his wheelchair going one way and he another. He landed with a soft thud and passed out. The fissure was still moving toward the house and Shep was putting up quite a fuss. Joy looked out the back window and saw the crevice coming right at the house. She opened the back door and ran out the front one with Shep right behind her. She ran as far and as fast as she could. Finally, she fell down from exhaustion. Looking back where the house was, all she saw was burning rubble. 

Shep came and sat beside her, whining and looking for Billy. That was her first thought; where was Billy? As she sat there a fire truck and police car came down the driveway. The fire truck proceeded to the burning rubble, but the police car stopped. The policeman came over Bringing a bottle of water. Are you okay ma'am, he asked. "Billy, I have to go back and find Billy." He led her to the car and had her sit in the passenger seat; telling her he would go look for Billy. "He can't walk, so look for his wheelchair." The policeman skirted around the house and found nothing. The fire was out and the firemen were searching to find anyone left in the house. As the fire chief looked up at the officer, he shook his head no. Seeing the path, he started walking down it. One half of the path was almost six inches higher than the other half. Using his shirt mike, he called in and asked to have help from the college come down to the Calloway farm. He needed someone with knowledge of earthquakes and plate shifting asap. He continued on down to the stream and was shocked to find it was empty. No water, just dead fish and weeds. Going back to the car he looked around and found no evidence of Billy or his wheelchair. She looked heartbroken when he got to the car empty handed. "I've called and a team from the college are on the way. Maybe they can explain what took place here." Joy looked at him and said," I know what happened here. There was an earthquake and a fissure opened up and came right through the house. If it hadn't been for Shep, I would have still been in there. It was then that the tears started. An ambulance came and they took her to the hospital to give her a checkup to be sure she was all right. The team from the college arrived and the policeman took them, over to the path. They had some portable equipment with them and started working from the stream back toward the house. A couple of the team walked away from the path till they were a hundred yards apart. Walking slowly and taking measurements, they converged at the site of the house. Standing together and sharing notes and measurements, they told the policeman and the fire chief who was still there, the earthquake had opened a fissure between the house and the stream. At the stream it was a foot wide and spread apart to a distance of around sixteen yards halfway to the house. At the point it hit the house it was slightly over twenty feet. When it started to abate the ground came back together at an unequal meeting. The six inch difference is proof of the measurements we made. We saw no sign of the boy or his wheelchair. I'm afraid we never will said the officer. Upon his stop at the hospital the head doctor asked about the boy. The officer thought it best if they sedated her a little before telling her there was no sign of Billy or his wheelchair. The officer then left to continue his rounds.


CHAPTER 9 The Ship


Billy started to wake up and his head really hurt. There was a kind of buzzing and above that noise he thought he heard someone talking. He then passed out for a short period of time. Next time, when he woke up, His vision was blurry. He thought he saw someone coming toward him, but then he returned to darkness. Again he awoke, only to find he was in some kind of enclosure with this blue light traveling up and down his body. He thought he must be in shock, as he had no headache, his eyesight was normal, and he felt he could float on the feelings going through his body. He went to move his arms and found they were bound to his sides by a soft fabric. He hoped some one was near and he called out, " is there anyone here?" Then a monotone voice replied, "You are in a chamber that is repairing your concussion, broken bones, and bruises. It will take another ten minutes and all should be well. It has come to my attention that your body does not respond to your mental directions except for your arms and head. Do you have feeling in these dormant areas?" "I do, but doctors say I may have permanently damaged my spinal chord, he replied. "In a few minutes you can be removed from the medical unit. While we are waiting, I will research your medical history." Then, all was quiet again. in a short time the blue light turned off and the feeling of being light disappeared. Then the monotone voice returned. "I have a platform that will allow you to do the things you could do before your wheelchair was destroyed. A unit will be coming with it momentarily. He will remove the restraints on your arms so you can be taught the use of the platform. Once, on the platform, I will teach you what you need to know before you make an attempt to move around." True to his word and Billy's shock, a robot with a sheen like oil on metal entered with a strange looking apparatus. stopping it near the side of the enclosure, he proceeded to undue the straps and lay a round disk on the middle of his body, the monotone voice told him to think the word "rise". Slowly, Billy's body rose up out of the enclosure. Now said the voice, Think "stop". He immediately stopped rising. Now picture the platform with you laying on it. Doing as instructed, his body floated to the platform and slowly let his body drop onto the platform. The voice then told Billy that the disc would be put on a chain and would be placed around his neck. "Whenever he needed to get off the platform or get on he would be able to do so by thought alone. Center it at the midpoint of your body. You can change the platform from flat to chair form, and also as a recliner by thought. Before we go any further, try and think of those positions one at a time.". Billy went through the exercise and was amazed how easy it was. "Okay Billy, now for movement. Think forward, stop, left, stop, right, stop, one at a time." Again he mastered it with no problem. "Billy, when you get on the platform, think the word "safety". Billy complied and a soft fabric belt came from somewhere under the platform and adhered around his middle, snug, but not tight. "Now that you have mastered the platform, would you like to have a short tour of the facility? Getting into a sitting position on the platform, He admitted he was curious. 

The robot turned and walked to the recessed panel in the wall and with a downward motion over a small light waited as the panel slid into the wall. Exiting the room, he stood to the side and waited for Billy.  Billy never hesitated. He thought forward and once clear of the panel, the robot repeated the procedure he used to open it and it closed. On the center of the panel was written in bold letters  "Med Room". The voice said if he would follow the robot he would get a feel for the place he was in.  Any questions he wanted answered would be provided after the tour. Following the robot was easy. At each place of interest the robot either opened the panel or pointed to where the point of interest was. They had been moving about for some time when Bobby looked at his watch. The wrist band was the only part that was whole. That monotone voice told Bobby to think time of day or night and the answer would be his immediately. Bobby thought,  time of day and the answer was vocal; seven thirty five pm. "How long have I been here? Billy asked." The voice answered," two days and four hours."  "Where is my Aunt Joy?" Last known position; ambulance, one hundred twenty yards from former house. " What do you mean " Former house"? "That structure was destroyed at the time of the earth quake" said the voice. Dog was taken by policeman. After another stop or two, the tour was over. All totaled, he had seen the med room, the library, Sleeping quarters, including a rest room. Large room that reminded him of a den. An exercise room and one room he had no idea what he was supposed to see. He had to go to three levels by lift to complete the tour. The robot went back to the sleeping quarters and opened one of the panels." While you are recuperating, this will be your sleeping quarters. After all that exercise you probably should take a rest. When you are refreshed, we will talk again." said that voice. Billy did not feel tired, but moved over to the bed and thought lay flat and the panel leveled, then thought " rise". He pictured himself on the bed and he slowly sank down on the bed. Not knowing what might happen if he fell asleep, he removed the device from around his neck and laid it on the night stand next to the bed. In minutes he was sound asleep. 

When he woke up, he thought "time" and a voice said seven thirty am. "I wonder how come I slept so long?" The voice replied," you have had your metabolism sped up so your injuries would heal faster. "How long have I been here?" he asked. "At four thirty pm you will have been here three days," Was the answer from the voice. "It took three months at the hospital and more to get me straightened out and you did it in three days! What kind of place is this?" he asked.

" I will answer that question after we have had a little chat about your future. Right now there are a couple things that have a bearing on your future. First and foremost,: your health. Your body has all the normal components for you to do any activities you wish. There is a breakdown on the nerves that makes the components useless. Given about six months to a year Your body can be mended and would be better than before the accident. Secondly; education. Your mind is similar to the minds that created me. Unfortunately, you only use about thirty percent of it. You could, with a little help, move up the scale to about eighty to eighty-five percent. Last, but not least, your anatomy falls short of what it should be capable of. All of these things listed, could and can be made better than most human beings. In one year to eighteen months Your health, body, education, mind, and anatomy could outdo anyone on your planet. There is a good chance to finish your education to the level of a doctorate degree for an extra six months added. There would be no cost to you except time. While here, time is meaningless. You are at the point where you will make the decision to stay or go. If you decide to go, I will make it so you are outside the hospital when you wake up tomorrow. If on the other hand you decide to spend a year or up to eighteen months with me, all you have been offered and more will be yours for the taking. Think about it for a while and when ready give me your answer. 


CHAPTER 10 The Choice

Billy worked at getting dressed and was getting more frustrated by the minute. In walked the robot and helped him. With a thank you, he put the chain around his neck and proceeded to move to the platform. once there and in a seated setting, he asked the robot to show him the way to the library. The robot answered, Think library. As billy thought the word library a red globe appeared and went out the panel. Billy followed suit and the globe went to the lift and waited for Billy. Into the lift and at the next level it opened. The globe went to the left and Billy was sure that was not the way. Just as he was about to say something, the panel Marked library came into view. He thought open and as he entered the globe disappeared. Everything there was little discs inside clear covers He slid one off the shelf and read what was printed on the cover. " Earth-Time of the dinosaurs" Opening the case he looked around and the only other thing in there was a unit suspended from the ceiling moving over to it, he thought down and it worked. The unit dropped down to eye level and a little door opened. He slid the disc in and it promptly closed and a screen lit up and showed what life was like in that time period. It looked like the whole thing was recorded from a height of about fifty feet. Now he had more questions than answers. He watched it for a while as his mind went over the choices that he would have to make. By now everyone would think him dead and there was no assurance that Aunt Joy was still alive. He had nothing to look forward to if he stayed and much to acquire if he agreed to the offer made by that voice. Back and forth he wrestled with these options and finally called out,"are you there?" "Yes Billy, I am always within earshot. I take it you have made a decision. "Yes and Yes. I will remain here for the chance to be whole again."

"Now I have a number of questions; like who are you, what is this place, how are you going to do the impossible job of making me whole, for starters." "I will try to answer your questions to the best of my ability; one at a time. Suddenly a ghostly shape took place in front of him. As the shape became more defined it resembled a large pair of saucers; one flipped over on top of the other. "This is who I am. You may call me whatever comes to mind for a name. You couldn't possibly pronounce my christened name. I am an inter galactic space ship. One of about two thousand that patrol this galaxy. That should answer your first two questions As to your condition, physically; you will sleep for about six to eight months in the chamber you found yourself in when you woke up. It will reconstruct your body on a cellular level. Certain improvements will be made, as you will be asked when we return to this solar system, again, will you leave or stay. While accompanying me on my rounds your mind will see what transpires as we travel. You will also be getting educated while sleeping. You will think you are in a classroom with others vying for credits. All food clothing and other things you need will be supplied. You should also know that your first tour was limited to the barest necessities. When you wake up you will see all there is to see on this vessel. Are you ready to begin?" "I said yes; so lets get started." Following the robot, they made their way to the med lab. He lifted and settled into the coffin like chamber. Pads, tubes, and a head piece were attached and the robot said good night as he slowly went to sleep. 

He heard a voice in the distance tell him that the ship would be leaving planet Earth around midnight and through the head piece he would be able to see it all. The closest he could come to the ships movement through the ground and up through the atmosphere was a special effects portion in a movie he saw a few years ago. once clear of the atmosphere, the ship started his education tapes and he was in a whole different world. A far off voice said the education segments could only last about four hours at a time. Your mind needs time to absorb and categorize the input. During the time the sessions were shut off, he could see what was going on inside the ship as well as outside. As they passed the orbit of Neptune the ship gained speed. At Pluto the ship vibrated for a few seconds then became eerily quiet. It is now time to start your education said the voice and he slowly returned to sleep. In the classroom there were a variety of students. Some were passable as humans and others were a little odd. But an automated robot instructor started to give them information and they were to take notes as tests would be administered periodically. It challenged him to keep up and he did.


CHAPTER 11 Aid for Stranded Ship.
     (ftls, faster than light speed)

At the end of the first week While Billy was not being educated by sleep, The ship dropped out of ftls and entered normal space. In front of them was a ship that was just plain huge. It looked like a large silver ball. Alex told him the ship was having a problem with its engines and needed help getting them started. As billy watched a small ship left a hanger and headed to the silver ball. Once inside a team of six robots exited and went to an elevator. the lead robot had a device that captured the area ahead of them and transmitted it back to Alex. A little furball about the size of a baby panda met them and escorted them to the engine room. The team unloaded a couple crates consisting of an assortment of tools and devices. There was constant chatter between the alien and the robots. After an hour the robots made some changes to the engines and after an attempt or two the engines started humming. Alex told the little guy when he got to his destination he would have to replace the engines as they were worn out. The chatter from the alien was translated to a thank you and he would get the engines replaced immediately. The robots reentered the little ship and returned to the hanger as the silver ball started to move and was soon going fast enough to enter star drive. Break over; back to the studies.  

When next he awoke, Alex was circling a sphere about the size of the moon. There was no sign of activity. After three or four orbits, Alex sent another team down to the surface. Again the lead robot transmitted what it saw back to Alex. "What's up Alex? " Billy asked. Alex told him there was a research station there that was recording the opening of a black hole. There were several scientists and technicians there. From what was transmitted back to him, it is obvious it was destroyed.  Storing all the information the robots could get from the site will be transmitted to other ships in the area. Whoever did this might still be close enough to apprehend. I also will be transmitting to the home planet of this research station what we have found and let them know we are searching for those that destroyed it. The robots returned and we were off to continue the circuit. It was time again for Billy to continue his studies. Billy had to admit, life was not total boredom aboard the ship. When the time came for a break from his studies and they were traveling in ftls he would have Alex pipe in music from various worlds. Some of it was soothing while much was an attack on his nervous system. All in all he was rounding out his life and learning from different venues. Some of the time he didn't care for music or chatting with Alex. On those occasions he would dwell on the life he had with aunt Joy. Joy made him feel like he was whole. He missed her smile and laughter. He missed those times when they fished and had a picnic down by the stream. They both laughed at each other and at themselves. Alex never said anything, though he knew for whom the aches and tears were. 


CHAPTER 12 Andaran Prime


At the halfway point of the circuit Alex dropped out of ftls and went into a large solar system. At the fifth planet he assumed a stationary orbit around one of it's moons In a few minutes Alex started to descend. " what was that all about?" Billy asked. "You just can't come here and land. This is the home planet of the "Andarans" and is protected one hundred per cent of the time. The moon we orbited is where you either orbit or get destroyed. Once security releases you, then and only then can you continue. There are four ships here at all times and every three months one of those ships is replaced by another. A total of eight ships a year. There is a complete turnaround of the two thousand ships every two hundred and fifty years. Simple, but effective. As billy watched through the head piece he saw one of the most beautiful sights ever. In his wildest dreams he could never match the splendor of the city they were headed for. Tall spires connected with walkways to others and what appeared to be a mono rail track with stands attached to the sides of buildings for egress There was greenery and flowers that covered the buildings in spirals. The buildings were the purest white he had ever seen.  The lowest would put the Empire State Building to shame. The highest touched the clouds. That much beauty brought tears to his eyes. As they passed over the city, Alex slowed so Billy could see the heart of the Andaran Capital. There were parks and groups of what looked like fruit trees. On the ponds were a variety of birds, some of whom were a multitude of colors on their wings. Robots were everywhere, working to keep the city clean and beautiful.  

Alex landed just outside the city and told Billy there were items that had to be stored in the hold. It was for one of the ships we would be meeting in a week or so. As long as Billy could look at the city he was in no hurry to leave. A large vehicle without tires arrived and a number of robots jumped out and started unloading boxes into an opening in the underside of Alex. In all, it took about fifteen minutes and the vehicle left. Alex asked how he liked the city and what he thought about living there. From what he saw, there was no doubt it would be something great. Alex said they would be leaving in a minute and he would go slowly over the city for one last look."Thank you", Billy said. Then the ship rose and silently skimmed over the city. Billy thought he would never get that image out of his mind. 

It was time again to resume his studies. Alex remarked that it was unusual for someone to learn at the speed he did. Billy replied that he had always been a fast learner. For the meeting with the ship that needed the items stored in the hold, Alex dropped out of ftls and waited for it to appear. Almost to the point of perfection, the ship materialized and floated over next to Alex. After a brief exchange of formalities, the items were transferred and they were on their way again. Billy knew the time was coming when he would awaken and be able to move about. Alex reminded him that it would be a slow process. 

The ship settled back into its routine that entailed times when the outside looked like fog. The voice said that was when they were using faster than light speed. At the speed they were traveling, time was, for all intents and purposes, at a standstill. Those times when not in light speed usually entailed checking on a planet or calls for aid from ships traveling between planets. He was enthralled by the sheer number of different species he saw. The amazing solar systems and sun types were way beyond anything imagined. He wondered how far they would travel? A spatial map appeared and showed the path they were taking. The ship would be skirting the edge of the galaxy and had preplanned points it had to visit, If there were no serious problems encountered, they would be back to Earth three months after they left; Earth time. There were times they dropped out of faster than light speed to meet a similar ship. Information was exchanged and then on to the next stop. If this ship is as large as those they met, it has to be one large vehicle. Again the thought came to him, they are duplicates of this ship. Each time he was aware of stopping, he knew within hours it would be back to the education level. He really couldn't complain; eighteen months versus eight to twelve years. It was a no brainer. on one of those occasions when they had stopped, Billy wondered how much time had passed on earth. Without going into detail the answer was, about one month would have passed due to the faster than light speed. Time stood virtually still. And now, back to the books.

When the ship was less than a month from returning to Earth, Billy's' time in sleep mode were over. He reawakened to find the robot removing the apparatus and pads from his body. While he had slept the ship which he now called "Alex" had imparted the layout of the ship into his memory. Before he had the chance to move, the robot told him there were physical functions to be preformed. Alex, step by step had him raise and lower his arms and legs, one at a time. The robot dropped a panel in the front of the tube and helped him sit up. After raising his legs one at a time and feeling no pain, he was able, with the help of the robot, to stand up. He was a little wobbly and had to lean on the robot. Alex told him this was to be expected. Going into the corridor, he and the robot walked down the corridor to the lift and then back. On the second trip to the lift he was able to walk back on his own. With the robot by his side, he went up to the dining area and was given a soft meal; consisting of a jello like substance and a creamy dish that reminded him of tapioca. When finished The robot escorted him to the exercise room and stayed while he, with alex's directions was put through a number of activities to strengthen his muscles. He realized that his body was way out of shape and would need a daily regimen to get back into shape. Alex told him that was why he had been awakened a month in advance. He was then escorted to the library to sit and take a number of tests to see how the education had taken hold. He was really surprised at all the information at his disposal. Alex congratulated him on passing all the tests with an average of 97%. For the next month Billy worked and sweated his way back to health.  As each day passed, he realized his body was Not only getting healthier, but something else was happening. He was fast approaching manhood, He remembered seeing those pics of body builders and when he looked at a reflection of himself, He would put some of them to shame. He asked Alex about it and the answer he got was " your mind and body have had minor improvements made to them. If you don't like it we will revert you back to your old self." Billy asked if there was a mirror around and a panel opened in the wall to a full length mirror. About all he could say was " WOW".  "No Alex, he said, this is just fine." He also found in the library information on how the human race had evolved on Earth. He decided he didn't want to delve any deeper. Soon, Alex told him, the day he had been waiting for was not too far off. A little over a day and he would be there. This bought up an option for him to make. 

Alex Told him it was time for him to broach a delicate subject. "First A history lesson. There was a race of beings that closely resembled humans on Earth. Over a hundred thousand year period, they had evolved into the most significant race in the universe. They had achieved almost perfection and wished the same for other races. though they tried to preserve peace and tranquility, other races developed weapons; weapons that could totally destroy a solar system in a single explosion. Others raced to keep up and soon war between planets broke out, When one conflict was settled another would start. The "Andarans", as they were known found it impossible to keep peace. Then an idea occurred to them. Keep these warring races in their own solar system. There, they could make war among themselves and leave the races close by alone. It took almost a century, but they made two thousand ships like me. We were given the eternal life span and other resources to stop aggression between planets. We were sent out to patrol this galaxy with one priority; keep savage races in their own solar system. If one of those savage races manages to exit their solar system, we are to return them to their planet or destroy them. The choice is theirs. 

It was also part of our destiny to travel with another living being. We can accept up to six residents at one time. They may leave and return to their home planet at any time; dropping them off as we pass by their solar system. Bringing a partner or partners, no one will ever age. If more than one entity comes aboard, a leader must be selected and the rest follow his lead. To continue; The ships were sent out and were not to return unless there was a breakdown of some sort. All worked perfectly and the Andarans were very pleased with their accomplishment. It's been ten thousand years since the introduction of the patrol ships. Three thousand years ago the resident that was with me left the ship on your planet to observe changes that were taking place. He was miles from the ship when a very large meteor struck. I was buried under the surface of your planet So; unable to get to him or him to me I went into a sleep mode to wait till someone would find me or the dirt on top of me moved to open up the sky. So have I waited for a being to touch my surface and awaken me. You, Billy, are that entity.

You have free choice whether to remain or leave. There are no repercussions if you decide to leave. Think about it and give me your answer after we land. Next; we had one ship that had a propulsion problem. With the help of another ship nearby, it was taken back to the Andarans home world. What they found made no sense. The planet was lifeless.  At first, it was thought they had moved to another planet; but a resident of one of the other ships found a journal in the hall of peace. It left a clear message that an unknown virus had gotten onto their planet and before they could find a remedy, they all perished. Their repair units were automatic, so they could fix the ship. It was decided that Every three months, a ship was to replace one that had stayed so four ships spend three months on the planet and are rotated off planet by replacements that keep the vital units working. It is also a deterrent for any race that might want to steal the secrets that lay there. While we were traveling on the circuit, the other ships brought me up to date on the history of all that I missed while asleep. I in turn explained what had happened, so the other ships could avoid what happened to me. Questions?" Billy replied that he had none at this time. Alex told him they would be landing about seven thirty at the spot where he had fallen through the earth.  That gave Billy time to have dinner and relax for a bit. 


CHAPTER 13 Joy


After the sedatives wore off, Joy was beside herself. She should never have allowed Billy to go to the stream by himself.  Now she new the pain of losing someone you dearly love. Doctors checked her out and other than a few scrapes, physically she was okay to leave. However the mental health dept. wanted her to have a few sessions with their psychiatrist. Now she would have to put a grave stone next to her sister and brother in law. Next, she had to decide to stay or leave. Loneliness was going to be a problem and to leave would take her longer to get herself together. As she left the hospital she noted the Johnson's pulling into the drop off area. They both exited the car and came over to her. After each had hugged her, they said they wanted her to stay with them till she either decided to rebuild on the property or buy another house. She tried to refuse but they wouldn't hear of it. They also had heard there was an opening at the school for a qualified teacher. Before she could argue, they put her bag in the trunk and literally pushed her into the car. 

When they got to the Johnson farm, she barely got out of the car and there was Shep licking her hand and wagging his tail creating a dust storm. Mrs Johnson told her that was the reason they wanted her to come home with them. They had seen him up by the path that led to the stream and he wouldn't leave. We went and brought him home to wait till you could be reunited with him. "Looks like a happy pup to me", Joy said.

After getting things put away in the guest bedroom, Joy said her and Shep needed to go over to the stream. "We won't be long. We just need to see the after math of the quake." together, the two of them made the short walk over to the path. Slowly they walked toward the place Bobby used to fish. Halfway there, Shep stopped and sniffed around. Then he sat down and whined. Joy knew this was where he had been when the earth split open and swallowed him. Saying a silent prayer, she knelt down and hugged Shep as He licked her face. Soon they went back to the Johnson's and she told them she couldn't believe the devastation. " I guess I'll have to go shopping for clothes from the bottom up." Joy said. "I don't even know your first names and we've lived next door for years." "He's Fred and I'm Mary. Our little girl is Jane, she said." " And you, Joy, are a celebrity in this town. Fred told her. Now we know each other, lets eat." The girls looked at him, then smiled and headed for the kitchen.

The next day Mary and Joy went to town and shopped for a new wardrobe. As they went to the local cafe for lunch, the Principal of the school entered just as they arrived. Mary invited him to join them for lunch and the three found a booth and settled in. After placing their orders Mary asked Mr. Thomas if that teaching position was still open. "Yes, he said and I'm getting desperate." Mary told him the answer to his problem was sitting across from him. It was then he stopped with his mouth open and asked Joy about filling the position. "At least help out till a candidate can be found. It's a fourth grade English class and you would only have three classes a day." Joy thought for a minute, then agreed. After the meal was over, he told Joy the school opened at seven and he would be there to show her around. "By the way, everyone calls me George". Grabbing the check, he told them lunch was on him for saving him from an ulcer.

Next morning at seven sharp Joy walked up to the front door of the school to meet with George. He was already there with a hot cup of coffee for her and showed her the places she needed to know about. Classroom, Gym, Cafeteria, and the teachers lounge. The lounge reminded her of the one in Oregon. Hot plate, fridge, and microwave oven. This one even had a coffee machine. Back in the classroom that was hers, she set about getting things ready for the children. The first class arrived between seven forty five to eight. At eight the door was closed and anyone not in the room would go down and see George and give a lame excuse for being tardy. By the last class she had at one thirty, she was feeling like her old self.  But on the way to the farm, she had to pull over and wipe a few tears away. Her grief of losing Billy would not go away that fast. She would have to work her way through it. She also looked around to see what was available for apartments to rent. After looking at a few, she started to think it would be better to have a three bedroom ranch built on the property. Everything that was her sister's was now hers. she was the only living relative since the loss of Billy. She talked with Fred and Mary to get their input on rent versus building. They both argued with her that it was too soon to make a decision like that. Give it another month or two and we'll go through this with you one step at a time. This will amount to three months of putting off doing anything. "That should make it about right," Fred said. Mary piped in, "You and Shep need to slow down or you will fall down." So, Joy reluctantly agreed.

Unfortunately, ten weeks after showing up at the door to the farmhouse to be with her and Billy, Shep took ill. Joy rushed him to the vets office, but after an exam, including x-rays, the vet said it would be better to let him go take the long sleep. After putting him down and making arrangements for cremation, She drove back to the Johnson's. She sat in her car and shed a gallon of tears for him. Life, right now, was very unfair. She shouldn't have to bear this much pain. When the tears stopped and she had blown her nose and dried her eyes, she went in and shared a stiff drink with her friends. For the next week she walked around in a daze. Slowly she regained her balanced look at life and was ready to carry on. The following week as she was sitting out back watching the stars, she thought she had seen something huge in the sky. Whatever the silhouette was, it had disappeared behind the hill over by the stream. Seeing as it was still early, she told Mary she was going to take a walk and see if the stream had returned. " Be back in an hour", she said. Then slowly she walked up the hill. 


CHAPTER 14 Meeting


At seven thirty the ship touched down and Billy walked out through a portal and set foot on the ground that he hadn't seen in over eighteen months. He went down to the stream and found the spot where he used to fish. There was no water in the stream bed. Turning around, he walked the path up to the house. Except for some cement blocks and rotting timber, there was no house. Then the tears started; what of Aunt Joy and Shep? Nothing could have survived this. There was nothing left for him here. Slowly he turned and headed for the path and the ship. A voice behind him made him stop. A woman's voice that wanted to know what he was doing on private property. He replied it couldn't be private property as it was his. Slowly he turned and the woman walked a little closer. "Is that really you, Aunt Joy." he asked. Stunned, she stopped and took another look at the young man. If not for his height and mature build, he could be Billy. Before she had time to reflect on him, he told her he had been gone over eighteen months even though it was only three months since he left. Now, she got a little frightened. "Aunt Joy, Where is Shep?" he asked. She came forward and looked again and tears started down her cheeks. "It is you!" she said. "But how; you were swallowed up by that fissure on the path."  "Come with me and I'll answer all your questions." he said. Walking beside her they went down and entered the ship. Taking her to the dining area, he got her a cup of coffee and a cold soda for himself."Billy, what is this place?"  "You listen and I will explain. The fissure did swallow me, but under a layer of earth was a ship in hibernation. I struck the ship when I fell through that fissure. It awoke and sent a message but I was unable to answer. I passed out and was just laying there when the ship sent a robot to get me. When I woke up, I was in an enclosed chamber and a voice was telling me I would be all right in a moment. The wheelchair was nowhere to be found, so a platform was provided so I could move around. Alex, The name I gave the ship, Told me that if I were to stay with him for about eighteen months he would heal me physically and give me an education second to none. Thinking you and Shep had died, I accepted his offer, and as you can see I am in very good shape and I no longer have to worry about attending college. Now, before I say any more, what about you and Shep. Emptying her cup and clearing her throat she started to explain the last three months. " Shep alerted me to the fissure and we got as far away as we could. When I looked back the house fell in on itself and started burning. An officer drove up and called for an ambulance. They took me to the hospital and kept me sedated for a day or two and Shep was taken to the pound. Without you and Shep, I really didn't have a life. The Johnson's next door to us had me come stay with them to get me straightened out. They also had gone and retrieved Shep. I was offered a job at the school and that helped a little. I think I was just about back to sanity when Shep passed away. Then, just as I get over that, I see that shadow go over the hill tonight. Now, I think I must be dreaming."  "No Joy, you're not dreaming", he said."She looked at him and asked how she was going to explain him to the Johnson's and the people in town. "I'm the long lost cousin that you thought had died in an airplane crash. I had a taxi drop me off and I walked up to find the house was no longer there, As I turned to leave you showed up and after comparing notes I decided to stay in town.  Alex! how long before you have to leave?" Seven days was his reply. "Is there some place we can hide you?" "If you still have the medallion, I can stay on the back side of your moon. If you press the center of it front and back It will tell me you are ready to leave. But, you still have to make the decision whether to stay or go, he said."  After a minute he said he had made a decision. "I will be going with you." As the ship started to rise The words, one week, came into his mind. Once the ship had disappeared, they turned and headed down to the Johnson farm. "You can't call me Billy or the Johnson's will get suspicious, he said". "The easiest way to get around this is for me to be your cousin Jerry. Luckily we won't need the charade for long." 

After they left, Alex descended and with a laser cut a tunnel into the hill at the bottom.  He left a dozen robots to excavate a large enough cavern to land in and a sliding canopy in the roof to open and close after take off or landing. With the equipment left with them, he calculated it would take less than a week to finish. When it was time to pick up Billy, the hanger would be ready. As the last robot went into the tunnel, he sealed it with a cover that could pass for grass and shrubs. Satisfied he then left silently for the back side of the moon.



CHAPTER 15 Charade


As they came closer they saw Mary on the back porch and waved. She waited patiently and asked her with a grin, "Another stray?" "No; this is my cousin Jerry; Jerry Bradford. He was declared dead after a plane crash in the east. They had his name on the passenger list and everyone perished. On the way to the airport, his taxi had a bad accident. He was thrown out of the taxi and into a river. A lady found him and got him to a hospital where he was diagnosed with amnesia." Jerry added that he came out of it about three months later and had seen a news brief on an earthquake in Arkansas that was highly unusual. Being considered a student on plate shifts and other things like earthquakes, he was asked to check it out for National Geographic magazine.  It also would give me a chance to see family. I had a taxi drop me off at the driveway and expected to find the Calloways at home. There is nothing there. I was about to start where the college profs had been looking when Joy walked up and scared me half to death. I would know her anywhere, so we sat and compared notes. I only have a week, then I must ship out, back to New York. Mary asked him in and said they were about to have dinner if he was hungry. He thanked her and asked Joy to drive him back to town afterward. Joy was more than willing. It would give them time to chat on the way. On the way to town Billy told Joy he didn't have a dime. "Not a problem, she said." Entering the town, she went to the rooming house near the hospital and got him a room for the week. She paid the bill by check and as they entered the room She gave him the hidden fifty she carried for emergencies. "After school tomorrow we will get you a few shirts and shorts so you look local. As she turned to leave he turned her around and gave her a gentle hug. Thank you, he said.

After leaving the house, she sat in her car thinking it was awfully warm. Opening the window didn't help. She whispered, get a hold of yourself. He's your nephew. But all the way back to the Johnson's these uncontrollable thoughts crossed her mind. True to her word, the following afternoon she picked him up and took him to a few men's stores and got him dressed like other young people in their late teens, early twenties. Joy had told Mary, that morning, she was spending the afternoon and evening with Jerry. They had a lot of catching up to do. Joy hadn't been feeling this good since the earthquake had destroyed her life. So, she was going to make the most of it. She knew Billy had a time limit on his stay. When he left, it would be a lonely three or four months till she would see him again. Fred and Mary pushed her out of the house, feeling this was the greatest thing to happen to her since losing Billy. Joy and Billy went to the movies, dined outside under the stars, Went swimming, and laughed like a couple of children. Billy told her what it was like during that period of time he spent in the enclosure. The things he had seen when the ship was in normal space. He even described the little Panda sized alien that Alex had stopped to help. His education was better than any university could offer. He especially wanted her to know how much he had missed her during that time.

The last day before his departure, they spent the evening with Fred and Mary. Joy said he had to leave the following evening and she was taking him to catch a train to Little Rock. Mary could tell Joy was unsettled knowing she would be alone again. Jerry piped up and said there was no reason for long faces. He would return in three or four months for vacation. 

That night he mentally tried to get in touch with Alex, but didn't feel he was close enough to reach. Just before he fell asleep that wonderful monotone voice answered. Alex told him he was a very unusual human. Billy asked what he meant by that. "You have a latent gift of telepathy in your genes, but I didn't think it was this strong. I'll have to research that sleep period. It may hold the secret that set it in motion. Meanwhile, what can I do for you." "Will this next trip use the same amount of time as the last one, Billy asked". Alex answered in the affirmative. "While we are talking, why do you call Joy your aunt?" "She is my aunt." "I've scanned all the records on this planet and can tell you positively you two are not related. Joy was adopted by your grandparents when she was a baby. After your mother was born, your grandmother became barren and no longer could conceive." "See you tomorrow night, "Billy said. Then, laying on the bed, he tossed and turned till finally falling asleep. The last day was here and he wanted to spend it with Joy, but he had to wait till school was out. He waited by her car till she came out the door, waving goodnight to the other teachers. 

Joy was a little surprised, but she gave him a hug, and asked what they were going to do the last day here. "Joy, I want you to teach me how to dance, he said." She turned and looked at him real close. Why would he want to learn to dance? Then it dawned on her, the last time on earth he was turning sixteen and in a wheel chair. That is why he had missed the opportunity to have a female classmate teach him. So after a light dinner, they went to a dance club and she taught him a few classical dances as well as some updated ones. It was getting close to that time of departure, so into the car and back to the spot for his meeting with Alex. 

Turning the car off she sat there and let a few tears fall down her cheek. "I'm going to miss you. Do you really have to go?" "Yes, but I'll be back in three months. I also have to tell you something. We are not blood relatives. Alex researched the records on this planet and found you were adopted as a baby by my grandparents. I still love you and that will never change." She didn't know how to react to this news. Shock, relief, sadness, Her mind was in turmoil. Billy walked over to her door and opened it. She got out and stood there looking at him. He slipped his arms around her waist; bent down and kissed her. At first there was a little resistance, then she returned that kiss; putting her arms around his neck. Unknown to them at that moment, Alex had landed. "Billy, it's time to go, he said. "Joy, over the next few months think seriously about coming with me. This will give you time to get things straightened out, and you can give me an answer when I return." One more quick kiss and he entered the ship. It slowly lifted and she watched it till she couldn't see it anymore. She had some serious thinking to do. Hmmm, not related. 


CHAPTER 16 Doubts


After Billy and the ship left, joy found herself down under the oak tree where her and Billy had enjoyed the summer picnics. Her mind was in turmoil. This last week with Billy had been like a dream. They shared all the ups and downs during that period of his prison in a wheel chair. Then the thought of him dying in that earthquake was unbearable. Her life was a roller coaster with all the ups and downs. She had had a good life in Oregon, but nothing happened to make her feel the way it felt to be around Billy. He was fun, intelligent, and knew how to make her laugh. At that time he was just a kid. Now, he was an adult, no longer tied to a wheelchair. He wanted to savor all those thing he had missed in a six year span. Those were the years that determined what and who he would be. The only person that had a bearing on his outcome was her. Had she really helped him or had she held him back. These were just some of the things swirling around in her head.

With mixed emotions she backed the car out of the old driveway leaving the lights off in hope the Johnson's wouldn't see her. Once on the road, she turned the lights on and pulled into the Johnson farm. She sat there for a minute thinking, here I am in limbo again. Getting out of the car she walked into the house in a daze. She entered and sat down with them for coffee and a slice of pie. Mary asked if Jerry had caught the train and Joy assured her he was on his way. Fred looked at her and said he thought Jerry was one of the nicest young men he had met in a long time. "He was like a younger brother to me. Always found a way to brighten my day, She said" Saying she was beat, she excused herself and went to bed. 

Though she was tired, sleep would not come. She kept hearing those words that Billy had said. "We are not related". How could that be? Her and Jane had been together every since she could remember. With sleep not coming, she went over the pros and cons of a life with Billy. There were things that made her heart jump and put her in heaven, while others crept in and repeated, away on duty, live here or on a star ship, was it infatuation, Would it be better to just leave. The ship must have made a mistake. She fell asleep with those words repeating over and over. "We are not related"!  

With sleep, came a dream. she dreamed of the fascination of seeing the stars and different planets, the home world of these aliens. It could be like "Alice in Wonderland", or a "Nightmare on Elm Street." Her alarm woke her up and her pillow was wet from her overactive imagination. Dragging herself out of bed she went into the bathroom and took a hot shower followed by a cold water rinse. Still her mind repeated those words, "We are not related."  

Over coffee with Mary she was very quiet. "Okay", Mary said. "What is going on?" " Nothing," she replied. "Well, if that's the case, you'd better go put your face on or the kids at school will think your a zombie." Looking at her watch, she jumped up and ran to the bathroom. A moment later, she was out the door and running to her car. Mary just stood at the door shaking her head. During her free time, Joy decided to do some research on her past. She had to find out if she should follow her heart or her mind.. Once back in the classroom, Joy felt the tension ease. Teaching for her was a cure all for any problem. As the kids walked in and said good morning, a bright smile appeared. she welcomed them to school. So, went the rest of the day. Classes were over for her at two o'clock and she bid the kids a good bye as she left the classroom. She decided to go downtown and do some clothes shopping and try a few of the new fragrances that were on the market.
 
After parking in the local parking lot, she entered the flow of shoppers and browsed at the shop windows. Going by one store she almost missed this great looking lavender blouse. Hurrying in, she checked to see if they had it in her size. Yes they did. taking it to the changing room, she quickly tried it on. It must be miss marked as it was too big for her. Back out to the rack and grab the next two smaller sizes. The next one she tried was a much better fit. Not too tight nor too loose. Perfect she thought as she paid for it and left. She walked around for another hour and then decided to go home. As she headed for her car she heard her name called. Turning around, she spotted George crossing the street and heading toward her. He asked how classes were going. Nodding her head, she said all was well and the children were eager to learn. He asked if she cared to have a cup of coffee with him, as he had an appointment, and was way early. Having nothing better to do, she took him up on his offer. 

After sitting down and putting their order in, George told her the kids had told their parents about this new teacher and how much they liked going to her class. The parents in turn had called George and asked if he could find about twenty more teachers like Joy. Further, it was plain to see, she cared about kids and teaching. "Thank you, he said. It makes my job easier when I have another fine member added to my team." "I won't tell if you don't, she said" They sat and chatted for another fifteen minutes and then George had to go to his appointment. "See you tomorrow" he said as he left. Before going home, she had long distance operator see if she could find her a number in Little Rock. She supplied the old address and the operator said the family was still there. Thanking her she hung up and headed back to the car. She was feeling pretty good about herself as she drove home. She walked in just as Mary was coming out of the laundry room. "Hi there! Glad to see you home", Marry said. Setting the blouse on an end table along with her purse, she said she was glad to be back and kicked off her shoes. Her feet were tired from walking around the classroom today. Mary didn't want to be nosy, but asked if she had something new. Joy pulled the blouse out of the bag and handed it to Mary. Mary held it up and looked at it front and back and gave her a perfect score for picking that one out. Mary told her Fred had gone to the barn to see if the mower blade needed sharpening and would be back in a few minutes. Sitting down with Mary over a cup of tea, she asked her thoughts on visiting an old friend of the family. Something came up when Jerry had visited and she wanted to determine whether or not it was true. Mary thought it was a great idea and might get rid of the stress she was showing the last day or two. She called Roger and asked if he could find a temp for tomorrow as she had some business to see to in Little Rock. Give me five he said and I will call you back. It was closer to ten, but yes they had a temp that would cover her classes. 

She wasn't sure about this trip, but Mary was level headed and always had good advice. Packing a change of clothes for two days, she drove into town parked the car in the lot and caught the train to Little Rock. Once there, she found a moderate priced hotel and paid for two days in advance. After unpacking, she took a half hour rest and proceeded to find some lunch.  So without further delay she called hertz and rented a small car. She knew she was wasting time and having second thoughts about meeting Mrs. Gardner. Finally, she called the number that long distance had given her. A woman answered the phone and Joy asked if Mrs. Gardner still lived there. "Yes, this is Mrs. Gardner speaking. Can I help you?" "Yes, Mrs. Gardner My name is Joy Marlow and you were my mother's closest friend. If you could spare a few minutes, hopefully, I could get some questions answered".  " Why don't you come over and we'll help you if we can." She drove over to the residence and' parked in front of the house, she made her way up to the door and rang the bell.


CHAPTER 17 Questions Answered


The door opened and there stood a robust lady in her early fifties. "May I help you", she asked. "Yes, if you are Mrs Gardner" she replied. "I'm Mrs Gardner and you are?" I'm Marge Marlow's youngest daughter " Mrs Gardner looked at her for a moment, then asked if Marge was all right. "I'm sorry to say she isn't. I'm here to see if you can shed some light on her history. You were close friends with her weren't you?" "Yes, my dear,  please do come in." After seating themselves in the parlor Mrs Gardner asked her to call her Tilly. your mother was called Tally. When our friends saw us together; it was here comes Till and Tall. "A question has arisen about my parents. It seems there was some question as to whether I was born to the Marlow household or adopted." Tilly asked if this question had legal ramifications. "Not that I know of. It will give me peace of mind to settle this once and for all." Well Joy, Marge and I were like sisters and we never kept secrets from each other. We were close even after she moved to the suburbs of Pittsburgh.  Then she married into the Calloway family. Your Mother got scarlet fever and almost died. She was strong willed and eventually got well. However She was barren after that illness. After they moved to Little Rock A newborn became available for adoption and she was asked if she felt able to adopt and care for this day old girl. Tally jumped at the chance. As long as she was alive no one was to know. And she named the baby Joy; as this was what she felt when she brought you home. Does this answer your question to your satisfaction? "Tilly you have removed a mountain from my shoulders and I will be eternally grateful for your help. " Standing, she went over and hugged Tilly and hoped to visit again someday.

After leaving Tilly, she went down to the paper and asked to view some of the old editions. Certainly, said the editor. showing her where the tapes and viewer were, he left her to do her research. She found the time she was looking for and scanned the birth records and any news on found children. She found one entry for that time period. A baby had been left in a church on South Main Street. The date and time fit perfectly the day before her birth announcement. Driving down to the church, she wondered if they would have any information on the child that had been left there.  The church was not one of the new modern ones, but one with character. Ivy ran along the brick and the trees around the area were old. Entering the church she spotted the minister and walked over to him. "Reverend, may I have a little bit of your time, she asked?" He ushered her into a study at the side of the church and asked how he might help. Joy started from the beginning. "About twenty five to twenty eight years ago, a baby was left at the doorstep of this church and I wondered if you had any information on the child. The Reverend went to a filing cabinet and thumbed through a drawer. Finding nothing he proceeded to the next drawer. About halfway through he pulled out a file and came back. This may have something, but I'm not sure. As he slowly turned pages she became more nervous that there was nothing and it was a dead end. Then he stopped and pulled out a stapled set of pages. Thumbing through them, he stopped and scanned the sheet. He looked at her and said very softly, "There was a baby girl placed in a pew in the front of the church about the time you asked. That is all we know, other than she was placed in a home the following day." "Thank you; that is the news I have been searching for." He escorted her to the main entrance and bid her a good day. 

The burden of not knowing was gone and she now knew that what Billy had told her was true. Back to the hotel and a relaxing shower and nap was called for. Later she went out for dinner and then to see the old home where her and Samantha had grown up. The house was still in pretty nice shape. Whoever owned it was taking very good care of it. Seeing it was all she needed. It satisfied her need to accept the past and make her future less hectic. As she was in Little Rock, she might as well do a little window shopping. The city was buzzing with people out and about on a nice Saturday morning. At lunch time she decided to pack and head back to Summerville. The hotel was very understanding and hoped she would return sometime and enjoy their city. The ride back was uneventful and she was home by six. Mary asked how the trip went and she replied that everything was fine and a lot of questions had been answered. Mary told her to go unpack and she would make her a sandwich and a cup of tea. When Joy returned Mary was just setting the tea and sandwich on the table. "Looks like you had a successful trip and some of those bags around your eyes have disappeared. "I'm not being nosy, but you had me worried there for a while, she said." It was then Joy told her she needed someone to confide in. Mary told her to let go; she wouldn't be judgmental and would listen very carefully to what she needed to get off her chest.


CHAPTER 18 Go Or Stay


Joy started off her story by telling Mary that Jerry was not her cousin. He was a free lance worker for the National Geographic Mag. She had met him just before coming to Summerville to care for Billy. They had hit it off and were starting to get serious when the magazine had him go over to Africa to cover unrest in the Sudan. Shortly after he arrived he came up missing. It was thought he was kidnapped and killed by the rebels. Government forces attacked the camp he was in and he was freed to return to America. When he returned he looked high and low, but I was nowhere to be found. He finally checked with the school and they told him I was in Summerville, Ark. with family. The timing was perfect as the earthquake had just happened and the magazine needed someone with his experience to check it out.  Not knowing what he would find he went to the house, and after seeing the devastation figured I'd perished along with whoever else was there.  It was then that I came across him at the path to the stream. After discussing a brief history of our travels, we decided to pass him off as my cousin and no one would be suspicious. It was great seeing him, but was unsure about my feelings toward him. The time we spent together was fun and he also gave me some information I had to check out in Little Rock. Now I have some serious thinking to do. I'll have to sleep on it and tomorrow I will let you in on my decision and see if you agree.

Another night of nervous sleep. turmoil in her mind was driving her crazy. She had lied to Mary and her conscience was chasing her, awake or asleep. Sunday Morning and she dragged herself to the bathroom. A hot shower with a cold rinse and she was ready to face the world again. Fred had left to pick up a newspaper and some doughnuts. That left Mary free to talk. "My conscience won't give me any rest till I tell you the whole truth. I've asked myself, am I really happy here? I have the greatest friends, but no family; Actually no family at all. 

This is going to sound like "the twilight zone", but Billy is alive. Mary looked at her to see if she was pulling her leg. No, she looked dead serious. But how, she wondered. Billy was here and we made up the story of my cousin to waylay any questions. Jerry was just an excuse till we figured out what to do. When Billy fell through that fissure he landed on something from another world. It had been hibernating; waiting till someone touched it and woke it up. " Mary interrupted her and said, "Billy is bound to a wheelchair." "He was, but not any more, Joy said. Please let me continue and I will answer any and all questions when finished. The ship healed his wounds and broken bones from the fall. Once he was awake and lucid the ship He named Alex said he had a proposition for him. Stay aboard while a circuit was made of the galaxy and he would make Billy whole again. Also, while his body repaired itself, he would be asleep and when he awoke, he would have an education that would outshine a doctorate degree. I don't understand the science, but the ship travels so fast, that time almost stands still. He spent eighteen months on that ship and only three months had elapsed here. He is an adult with a superb body and an educated mind that some people here would pay millions for. You've seen him, What do you think?"

Mary hesitated a moment then said," He is your Nephew. You know how the law reacts to people that close on the genetic tree. " "That's why I went to Little Rock. Billy said Alex had checked the records on this world and found we are not related. I called on a lifelong friend of Marge's; Mrs. Gardner, who was more like a sister than a friend. She couldn't talk about it as long as Marge lived. Yes, she knew I was adopted when a day old. I checked the church and they showed me a document that was made the day after they found me in a pew. The paper had the news of an infant found in church on micro Fitch. In one respect Billy says he loves me but I wonder, can I stand being alone for three months at a time so he can make rounds. Could I live on a space ship for three months and live on Earth for a week; then repeat it over again. What if he got tired of me; I'm older than him. In some ways it sounds like heaven, but I'm afraid." Mary was quiet for a time and finally she spoke. "Joy, you have given a number of years to caring for him and the two of you were always happy. Your problem is, when he gets back he will be at least a year older and you only three months. He is catching up to you fast. His education is complete. Now that he is a man, he knows what will make him happy. that is the woman he has shared his formative years with. Joy, you have nothing to lose and everything to gain. Go for it, or you will be miserable the rest of your life." Joy sat there with tears in her eyes and thanked Mary for listening. Her mind had just been made up. It would be another month before Billy would be home. She could hardly wait. 


CHAPTER 19  Return?


The month flew by and on the night Billy was supposed to return, there was no indication of his arrival. A few weeks went by and still nothing. She told Mary she was beginning to get worried that something awful had happened. Mary told her to get a hold of herself. The Galaxy was large and any number of things could have waylaid him. Keep the faith. By the end of the fifth month she was beside herself with worry and doubt. Mary and Fred talked her into a dinner out and she reluctantly went with them. 
While they were gone, Alex landed in the new hanger and explained to Billy that it had been made during that week he had been here last. Billy wondered when someone would notice the cover, which looked like glass. Alex assured him that the cover which he could see through would look like grass and shrubs to anyone standing on top. Knowing that, he left through the entrance and proceeded over to the Johnson's. Finding no one home he sat down on the porch and waited. 
They returned just after eight and there was Billy sitting in a chair on the porch.  She flew out of the car and into his waiting arms. After the tears stopped he explained that one of the fighters had a leak and they had to jettison it before it blew up and contaminated the whole ship. We had to return to the Andarans home planet to check the ship and get a replacement fighter. There were a couple of other minor problems but here we are. Meanwhile Fred is standing there open mouthed wondering what is going on. Mary told them they should go inside and over a cup of coffee he would get an explanation of events of the last eighteen months.

Once they sat down and prepared their coffee, it was time Fred was brought up to date on the events of the last eighteen months. Joy went first relating what was going through her mind during that whirlwind time. Mary followed up with the woman's view, and finally Billy rounded out the picture for him. Fred sat there stunned by what he had heard. He looked at them and asked who got the weed and how much have you smoked. Mary laughed and told Fred, the man is always the last to know what's going on. Billy told them there was a lot to accomplish in a short period of time. After a long discussion Billy and Joy decided to have the Johnson's take care of building the bungalow at the site of the old house. Joy would get the power of attorney so Fred could make out the checks when work was done. Joy was going to accompany Billy on the ship. She couldn't handle not knowing when he would return and they had a lot to catch up on. Fred and Mary were to run the farm like it was their own with seventy percent of profits going to them and thirty percent to cover taxes and upkeep for Billy and Joy. Anything left over could be deposited in Joy's checking account. 

They were up most of the night celebrating the two love birds and their future plans. Fred still found it hard to believe that all of this was happening right under his nose. Billy asked for quiet for a minute; "Alex, can you hear me, he thought." "Yes Billy." Would you mind taking a ride around the sun with a couple of my friends? he asked." "Bring them aboard and we can lift off before daylight." Okay everyone, come with me. I have a little surprise for you." Leading the way, he led them to the hidden door and into the cavern where Alex was berthed. Entering the ship, Billy had everyone get seated and Alex opened the canopy and lifted into the night. The trip around the sun and orbiting Mars was remarkable, according to Fred. At last, Alex returned to the cavern and settled. Their little girl, Jane, slept through the whole ride and mumbled in her sleep as Mary put her back in bed. "Well, Mary said, let's get a little shut eye and resume this later today." They all agreed and Mary escorted Billy and Joy to the spare room and bade them goodnight. Within the allotted 7 days, all the paperwork had been set in motion. They even found time to get a marriage license and having Mary and Fred as maid of honor and best man got married with a day to spare. At the appointed time they said goodbye to Fred and Mary and said they would be back as soon as possible.


CHAPTER 20 More Answers


The happy couple lifted off at the midnight hour for a three month honeymoon. As the days passed, Joy was more and more relaxed in the ship. Billy had more good news. now that he was part of the ship, their off time was a month instead of a week. Billy took her on a guided tour with the exception of the fighters and the armory. Having Alex message her without sound was a little eerie at first, but she was getting accustomed to it, the new and wondrous places, and the aliens she saw. Like Billy, Joy held her breath when they went to Andaran Prime. It had beauty written all over it and they spent hours in the different venues that were available. Upon leaving to continue their rounds, Joy and Billy were in the dining area having lunch when Joy asked Alex,"what do the Andarans look like?". A smoky area started to form in front of her and Billy and like a camera focusing, the image of a male and female Andaran stood in front of them. Both were slender, with high foreheads And silver hair. The man had a one piece jump suit on and the woman wore a similar outfit, but it ended in an above the knee skirt. Billy inquired as to their stature. "Were they taller or shorter than us." Alex did a quick calculation and answered; "height ranged from five feet ten inches to six foot four for women. Men averaged five feet ten inches to seven feet. Their weight ranged from 100 lbs to 180 lbs for both sexes. They loved the arts and sciences and left the management of fruit, fish, grains and vegetables to the robots to care for. Their life spans were to long to get an idea whether they would ever die of natural causes.  Billy again inquired, if you had a trace amount of DNA, could the race be reintroduced in the Galaxy? "It would have been possible except for one thing. The virus left nothing but bare bones and no DNA was ever recovered. The Andarans went out of their way to someday have a race similar to theirs so they could share all their knowledge with them. In the end, what they started thrived and they were completely eliminated. There is some good news in all of this. As your race progresses, ones that pass the test to come here will have the opportunity to know and use all they left behind. The Galaxy took two steps back when they ceased to exist. On the overhang in the main university is an inscription that they lived by. "Love others as you love yourself. Care for each other and others will care for you."  Joy looked at Billy and asked him," is mankind going to come up short?" Without hesitation billy answered, "I don't really know." "For some reason, Joy said, I find it hard to believe that these people would travel the Galaxy in such an austere vehicle as this." Alex replied instantly; " they didn't". Again that fog appeared. this time it showed a multi colored circular craft and inside, it was designed and decorated as nice as the buildings in Andaran Prime. She and Billy were astonished to  see something so beautiful floating in space. Billy sat and mused about the home planet. Alex catching a thought drifting by asked if there was a problem. "Something is bothering me about the home planet." "And that is" "When we first visited Andaran Prime, it looked and felt like The Andarans expected humans would be the ones to eventually take up residence there. All was set up to our specifications." "No, said Alex, only half was set up that way. The other half of the city was set up for the second race that also might have been accepted. They instead chose to stay in the oceans and never walk on dry land. After your first visit it was deemed that your race was the one. Since then Andaran Prime and the other two cities were renovated to human specs. Any time we find humans that fit your prototype, we will offer them a place in one of the cities. Over time, it would be nice to have at least a few hundred thousand humans here permanently." "I guess I'd better keep my eyes peeled for recruits." Billy said. Joy brought up another subject. " what about clothing?"There was no way the clothes she had brought along would be enough to last the three month voyage. She asked Billy and he agreed. the clothes she had purchased were wearing thin. "Alex ". "Yes Billy". What are we to do about clothing? The first trip I was asleep most of the time." When you return to your quarters, open the panel on either side of your bed. Following directions as they entered their quarters, they both opened the panels and there were clothes similar to what the Andarans wore, as well as human clothing. Trying on one of the outfits; they both looked surprised that they fit like a glove. Though they had only a few with any color, Alex assured them that other colors were available besides gray and black. In the bottom of this closet were a number of different shoes and footwear. After a thorough inspection, Billy found what appeared to be a pen attached to a chain. 

Upon asking Alex about it, he was informed to go to the room next to the exercise area. After both had entered the lights brightened and They saw targets arranged at different distances from the entry. Alex then gave them lessons on how to use the personal protection unit. Though it looked like a pen it was actually a deadly weapon. When they wished to leave the ship on a planet, the unit was to be worn around the neck on the chain. If needed, you aimed at what was a danger to you and press the red button about two inches from the barrel end and a tight beam of a laser would flow. it was deadly at over a hundred yards. Billy tried it on one of the targets and was amazed. No noise; just a hairline beam of red. A hole about two inches in diameter appeared in the target. After the lessons they returned and hung the weapons in the closet. Alex continued with the way to use them as a deterrent rather than killing. "If you rub your thumb up about an inch from the red button, you will feel a slide.  
Move the slide slowly and you will notice four settings. First/warning, second/stun, third/incapacitate/, fourth/eradicate target. We do not believe in murder just for the sake of killing." They both thanked him for the tutoring. After lunch, holding hands, as they walked; Joy knew the choice she made regarding Billy had been the right one and she would never look back, After the first year was over aboard Alex, he had another surprise form them. They were to return to Andaran Prime in a few weeks. There they would be taken to a med building and the process for long life was to be administered to them. "Life was just full of surprises, said Joy. This makes up for all the turmoil in my earlier life. Thank you Alex." 

CHAPTER 21 Return To Summerville

A month later the happy couple returned to Summerville. The Johnson's had the bungalow finished and Mary had filled the house with everything needed  for housekeeping. After changing into everyday clothing, they went out for dinner and a movie. After everyone was caught up on their experiences over the last few months, Billy asked them if they ever thought of moving. Fred looked at him and asked what he had in mind.  "Alex has scanned you and you both passed the test." "What test is that ", Mary asked. "You both qualify to spend the rest of your life on Andaran Prime. It will be a while yet, as we would like to find others to also go. Just a small community at first; then adding as time goes by. When you wish to come back to Earth to visit, one of the ships passing by would drop you off and a ship would pick you up when you want to return. "Alex; could you give Fred and Mary a short bio of Andaran Prime? He told them to close their eyes and Alex would do the rest." In a few moments it was over and they both smiled. Mary thought the only way to describe the city was by comparing it to her idea of utopia. Fred felt the same. Billy told them to take their time as there was no hurry. They were also welcome to go on the rounds with Alex. Fred and Mary looked at each other and nodding their heads decided to join them. It would however take a little time to set things up. Joy said, " that isn't a problem, as we have plenty of time. 

                           ####








About the Author

I was born in upstate New York and moved
to a number of homes in my early years. In 1986 I met my soul mate
and in 1999 moved to a place just outside of Nashville, TN.  To keep
my mind somewhat active; The idea came to me to try to write a book.
Now I've finished the third in the series. Next is "Billy"! After that??

Book 1 The Tri-rep
Book 2 Trial by Fire
book 3 Ascension

   



     


     




































